As Father Gauthé was being prosecuted in Louisiana, Cardinal Ratzinger was publicly disciplining priests in Brazil and Peru for preaching that the church should work to empower the poor and oppressed, which the cardinal saw as a Marxist-inspired distortion of church doctrine. Later, he also reined in a Dutch theologian who thought lay people should be able to perform priestly functions, and an American who taught that Catholics could dissent from church teachings about abortion, birth control, divorce and homosexuality.
Cardinal Ratzinger also focused on reining in national bishops’ conferences, several of which, independent of Rome, had begun confronting the sexual abuse crisis and devising policies to address it in their countries. He declared that such conferences had “no theological basis” and “do not belong to the structure of the church.” Individual bishops, he reaffirmed, reigned supreme in their dioceses and reported only to the authority of the pope in Rome.
Another hint of his priorities came at a synod in 1990, when a bishop from Calgary gingerly mentioned the growing sexual abuse problem in Canada. When Cardinal Ratzinger rose to speak, however, it was of a different crisis: the diminishing image of the priesthood since the Second Vatican Council, and the “huge drop” in the numbers of priests as many resigned.
That concern — that the irrevocable commitment to the priesthood was being undermined by the exodus of priests leaving to marry or because they were simply disenchanted — had already led Cardinal Ratzinger to block the dismissal of at least one priest convicted of molestation, documents show.
“Look at it from the perspective of priestly commitment,” said the Rev. Joseph Fessio, a former student of Cardinal Ratzinger’s and founder of the conservative publishing house Ignatius Press. “You want to get married? You’re still a priest. You’re a sex offender? Well, you’re still a priest. Rome is looking at it from the objective reality of the priesthood.”
After another abuse scandal in 1992 in Fall River, Mass., bishops in the United States pressed the Vatican for an alternative to the slow and arcane canonical justice system. Without a full canonical trial, clerics accused of abuse could not be dismissed from the priesthood against their will (although a bishop could impose some restrictions short of that). In 1993, John Paul said he had heard the American bishops’ pleas and convened a joint commission of American and Vatican canonists to propose improvements.
John Paul rejected its proposal to let bishops dismiss priests using administrative procedures, without canonical trials. But he agreed to raise the age of majority to 18 from 16 for child-molestation cases. More important, he extended the statute of limitations to 10 years after the victim’s 18th birthday.
It is not known whether Cardinal Ratzinger spoke up in the internal deliberations that led to the two changes, which applied only to the United States.
But those changes clearly did not go far enough. And as the crisis steadily spread in other countries, bishops and church administrators from across the English-speaking world began meeting to compare notes on how to respond to it. After gathering on their own in 1996 and 1998, they demanded that the Curia, the Vatican’s administration, meet with them in Rome in 2000.
The visiting bishops had reached the boiling point. After flailing about for 20 years, with little guidance from Rome, as stories about pedophile priests embroiled the church in lawsuits, shame and scandal, they had flown in to Rome from Australia, Canada, England and Wales, Ireland, New Zealand, Scotland, South Africa, the United States and the West Indies.
Many came out of frustration: the Vatican had too often thwarted bishops’ attempts to oust pedophile priests in their jurisdictions. Yet they had high hopes that they would make the case for reform. Nearly every major Vatican office was represented in the gathering, held in the same Vatican hotel that was built to house cardinals electing a new pope.
“The message we wanted to get across was: if individuals are to hide behind church law and use that law to impede the ability of bishops to discipline priests, then we have to have a new way of moving forward,” said Eamonn Walsh, auxiliary bishop of Dublin, one of 17 bishops who attended from overseas. (He was one of several Irish bishops who offered the pope their resignations last year because of the abuse scandal, but his has not been accepted.)
Yet many at the meeting grew dismayed as, over four long days in early April 2000, they heard senior Vatican officials dismiss clergy sexual abuse as a problem confined to the English-speaking world, and emphasize the need to protect the rights of accused priests over ensuring the safety of children, according to interviews with 10 church officials who attended the meeting.
Cardinal Darío Castrillón Hoyos, then the head of the Congregation for the Clergy, set the tone, playing down sexual abuse as an unavoidable fact of life, and complaining that lawyers and the media were unfairly focused on it, according to a copy of his prepared remarks. What is more, he asked, is it not contradictory for people to be so outraged by sexual abuse when society also promotes sexual liberation?
Another Vatican participant even observed that many pedophile priests had Irish surnames, a remark that offended delegates from Ireland.
“Prejudices came out,” said Bishop Robinson of Australia. “There were some very silly things said at times.”
“It wasn’t that there was bad will in Rome,” Bishop Walsh said. “They just didn’t have the firsthand experience that the dioceses were having around the world — experience with the manipulative, devious ways of the perpetrators. If the perpetrator said, ‘I didn’t do it,’ they would say, ‘He wouldn’t be telling a lie, he has to be telling the truth, and he’s innocent until proven guilty.’ ”
An exception to the prevailing attitude, several participants recalled, was Cardinal Ratzinger. He attended the sessions only intermittently and seldom spoke up. But in his only extended remarks, he made clear that he saw things differently from others in the Curia.
“The speech he gave was an analysis of the situation, the horrible nature of the crime, and that it had to be responded to promptly,” recalled Archbishop Wilson of Australia, who was at the meeting in 2000. “I felt, this guy gets it, he’s understanding the situation we’re facing. At long last, we’ll be able to move forward.”
Even so, the meeting served as much to expose Cardinal Ratzinger’s inattention to the problem as it did to showcase his new attitude.
Archbishop Wilson said in an interview that during the session he had to call Vatican officials’ attention to long-ignored papal instructions, dating from 1922, and reissued in 1962, that gave Cardinal Ratzinger’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, previously known as the Holy Office, sole responsibility for deciding cases of priests accused of particularly heinous offenses: solicitation of sex during confession, homosexuality, pedophilia and bestiality.
Archbishop Wilson said he had stumbled across the old instructions as a canon law student in the early 1990s. And he eventually learned that canonists were deeply divided on whether the old instructions or the 1983 canon law — which were at odds on major points — should hold sway.
If the old instructions had prevailed, then there would be no cause for confusion among bishops across the globe: all sexual abuse cases would fall under Cardinal Ratzinger’s jurisdiction.
(The Vatican has recently insisted that Cardinal Ratzinger’s office was responsible only for cases related to priests who solicited sex in the confessional, but the 1922 instructions plainly gave his office jurisdiction over sexual abuse cases involving “youths of either sex” that did not involve violating the sacrament of confession.)
Few people in the room had any idea what Archbishop Wilson was talking about, other participants recalled. But Archbishop Wilson said he had discussed the old papal instructions with Cardinal Ratzinger’s office in the late 1990s and had been told that they indeed were the prevailing law in pedophilia cases.
Just over a year later, in May 2001, John Paul issued a confidential apostolic letter instructing that all cases of sexual abuse by priests were thenceforth to be handled by Cardinal Ratzinger’s office. The letter was called “Sacramentorum Sanctitatis Tutela,” Latin for “Safeguarding the Sanctity of the Sacraments.”
In an accompanying cover letter, Cardinal Ratzinger, who is said to have been heavily involved in drafting the main document, wrote that the 1922 and 1962 instructions that gave his office authority over sexual abuse by priests cases were “in force until now.”
The upshot of that phrase, experts say, is that Catholic bishops around the world, who had been so confused for so long about what to do about molestation cases, could and should have simply directed them to the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith all along.
Bishops and canon law experts said in interviews that they could only speculate as to why the future pope had not made this clear many years earlier.
“It makes no sense to me that they were sitting on this document,” said the Rev. John P. Beal, a canon law professor at the Catholic University of America. “Why didn’t they just say, ‘Here are the norms. If you need a copy we’ll send them to you?’ ”
Nicholas P. Cafardi, a Catholic expert in canon law who is dean emeritus and professor of law at Duquesne University School of Law, said, “When it came to handling child sexual abuse by priests, our legal system fell apart.”
There was additional confusion over the statute of limitations for sexual abuse cases — or whether there even was one, given the Vatican’s reaffirmation of the 1922 and 1962 papal instructions. Many bishops had believed that they could not prosecute cases against priests because they exceeded the five-year statute of limitations enacted in 1983, effectively shielding many molesters since victims of child abuse rarely came forward until they were well into adulthood.
Mr. Cafardi, who is also the author of “Before Dallas: The U.S. Bishops’ Response to Clergy Sexual Abuse of Children,” argued that another effect of the 2001 apostolic letter was to impose a 10-year statute of limitations on pedophilia cases where, under a careful reading of canon law, none had previously applied.
“When you think how much pain could’ve been prevented, if we only had a clear understanding of our own law,” he said. “It really is a terrible irony. This did not have to happen.”
Though the apostolic letter was praised for bringing clarity to the subject, it also reaffirmed a requirement that such cases be handled with the utmost confidentiality, under the “pontifical secret” — drawing criticism from many who argued that the church remained unwilling to report abusers to civil law enforcement.
After the new procedures were adopted, Cardinal Ratzinger’s office became more responsive to requests to discipline priests, said bishops who sought help from his office. But when the sexual abuse scandal erupted again, in Boston in 2002, it immediately became clear to American bishops that the new procedures were inadequate.
Meeting in Dallas in the summer of 2002, the American bishops adopted a stronger set of canonical norms requiring bishops to report all criminal allegations to the secular authorities, and to permanently remove from ministry priests facing even one credible accusation of abuse. They also sought from the Vatican a streamlined way to discipline priests that would not require a drawn-out canonical trial.
The Vatican initially rejected the American bishops’ proposed norms. A committee of American bishops and Vatican officials, including Cardinal Ratzinger’s deputy, watered down the American mandatory-reporting requirement to say only that bishops must comply with civil laws on reporting crimes, which vary widely from place to place.
The Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith reserved for itself the power to dismiss a man from the priesthood without a full canonical trial — the kind of administrative remedy that American bishops had long been begging the Vatican to delegate to them.
Even so, the American bishops got most of what they asked for, and Cardinal Ratzinger was their advocate, said Archbishop Wilton D. Gregory, then the president of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops.
The Americans were allowed to keep their zero-tolerance provision for abusive priests, making the rules for the church in the United States far more stringent than in most of the rest of the world. The Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith also said it would waive the statute of limitations on a case-by-case basis if bishops asked.
Archbishop Gregory said he made 13 trips to Rome in three years, almost always meeting with Cardinal Ratzinger.
Other reforms enacted by American bishops included requiring background checks for church personnel working with children, improved screening of seminarians, training in recognizing abuse, annual compliance audits in each diocese and lay review boards to advise bishops on how to deal with abuse cases.
Those measures seem to be having an impact. Last year, according to the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, 513 people made allegations of sexual abuse against 346 priests or other church officials, roughly a third fewer cases than in 2008.
Yet the Vatican did not proactively apply those policies to other countries, and it is only now grappling with abuse problems elsewhere. Reports have surfaced of bishops in Chile, Brazil, India and Italy who quietly kept accused priests in ministry without informing local parishioners or prosecutors.
Benedict, now five years into his papacy, has yet to make clear if he intends to demand of bishops throughout the world — and of his own Curia — that all priests who committed abuse and bishops who abetted it must be punished.
As the crisis has mushroomed internationally this year, some cardinals in the Vatican have continued to blame the news media and label the criticism anti-Catholic persecution. Benedict himself has veered from defensiveness to contrition, saying in March that the faithful should not be intimidated by “the petty gossip of dominant opinion” — and then in May telling reporters that “the greatest persecution of the church does not come from the enemies outside, but is born from the sin in the church.”
The Vatican, moreover, has never made it mandatory for bishops around the world to report molesters to the civil authorities, or to alert parishes and communities where the abusive priests worked — information that often propels more victims to step forward. (Vatican officials caution that a reporting requirement could be dangerous in dictatorships and countries where the church is already subject to persecution.)
It was only in April that the Vatican posted “guidelines” on its Web site saying that church officials should comply with civil laws on reporting abuse. But those are recommendations, not requirements.
Today, a debate is roiling the Vatican, pitting those who see the American zero-tolerance norms as problematic because they lack due process for accused priests, against those who want to change canon law to make it easier to penalize and dismiss priests.
Where Benedict lies on this spectrum, even after nearly three decades of handling abuse cases, is still an open question.
A teacher who throttled his headmaster after being sacked for chasing a colleague with a pair of scissors in a staff meeting was jailed indefinitely.
Arek Bielecki, 33, brandished the scissors at Monteagle Primary School in Dagenham, Essex, before head-butting fellow teacher Michael Thompson.
After being dismissed, the ponytailed Pole – who has no teaching qualifications – returned to the school, locking himself in with head Nicholas Munns, 57, snarling: ‘I will kill you’.
Staff watched in horror as raging Bielecki strangled bespectacled Mr Munns, who was ‘turning blue’ before brave teaching assistant Caroline Lowe barged into the office to rescue her boss.
Mrs Lowe had to ‘prise’ Bielecki’s fingers from Mr Munn’s throat while school receptionist Elaine Ward desperately fought to drag him off the headteacher.
A jury at Snaresbrook Crown Court convicted Bielecki of the attacks on Mr Thompson and Mr Munns after after a six-day trial in June.
Judge Louise Kamill, handing Bielecki an indeterminate sentence of imprisonment for public protection, said: ‘I am myself quite satisfied that you pose a significant risk to the public of serious harm by your committing further specified offences.’
But Judge Kamill said Bielecki would only ever be released ‘if and when the parole board deem it safe’.
‘You continue to deny the offences and indeed maintain that the staff from the headmaster down to the administrative staff were lying about you.
In a statement, recalling the moment Bielecki was strangling him, Mr Munns said: ‘I thought after 19 years as a headmaster, this is how it ends – on the floor of my office.’
Judge Kamill, referring to the statement, said: ‘He’s asking himself, why after 19 years of trying to do the right thing, he was subjected to that by a teacher.’
Bielecki first struck on January 4 this year after colleagues including Mr Thompson asked him to stop interrupting during a meeting chaired by deputy head Mark Austin.
The Pole, who taught youngsters a variety of subjects, claimed Mr Austin had ignored his pleas for extra stationery for an entire term.
Prosecutor Michelle Fawcett said ‘The defendant abruptly stood up from where he had been sitting, went over to a desk six to eight feet away and picked up a pair of large-bladed scissors.
‘He held them in his hand making a fist with the blades sticking out of the bottom of that fist and raised it at head height and ran at Mr Thompson.’
Bielecki only returned the blades to their pot after women members of staff shrieked in terror, but he flipped again moments later.
‘Mr Bielecki immediately brought his head back and thrust it forward again, head-butting Mr Thompson across the nose,’ said Miss Fawcett.
Mrs Ward and Mrs Lowe described how Bielecki returned to the school on March 12 after being sacked and requested a meeting with Mr Munns.
Mrs Lowe said she rushed to Mr Munns’ office after fellow staff member Sonia Gunning reported ‘gurgling and choking noises’ coming from behind the closed door.
‘I looked through the window, it was a glass panel down the centre, and I could see that Mr Bielecki was sort of bending over Mr Munns.
Mrs Lowe said she screamed: ‘Arek, get off him, get off him’, adding: ‘I noticed that Mr Bielecki’s hands were around Mr Munns’ neck.
Bielecki admitted brandishing scissors at the January 4 meeting and claimed he head-butted Mr Thompson in self-defence after feeling ‘threatened’.
He denied throttling Mr Munns, claiming the headmaster had a fit during their meeting in his office.
Bielecki, of Gosfield Road, Dagenham, denied affray, two charges of actual bodily harm and making a threat to kill but was convicted by the jury.
Three killers who knifed a Romanian takeaway worker to death just three weeks after he moved to Britain have
A nurse snared in a paedophile sting has been thrown out of the profession. Andrew Bryce, 33, had sick images
Former gangster Terry Adams is facing a demand for £50,000 in prosecution costs – more than a decade
We specialize in Power BI solutions for a variety of businesses and industries. Our team of Data Analytics Experts will work with you to define your goals and objectives for high-quality data visualizations, so you can make better business decisions from your vast resources of information.
Talking about language learning Two Swiss teenagers, Ralf and Bettina, are both studying English at a language school in Bristo and are talking about language learning. Remember that Swiss German is quite
COMPUTER: Mission Berlin. November 9, 2006, ten twenty-five am. You have 90 minutes and 2 lives left, and someone seems to know you.
U.S. equities rise slightly on Friday as investors weighed tensions between the U.S. and North Korea heading into the weekend.
The S&P 500 gained 0.13 percent to close at 2,441.32 with information technology rising 0.75 percent to lead advancers. The index posted its second-worst weekly performance of the year. It fell 1.43 percent for the week, the most since the week of March 24.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed 14.31 points higher at 21,858.32 after briefly dipping into negatively territory, with Apple contributing the most gains. The Dow also closed out its second-worst weekly performance of the year.
The Nasdaq composite outperformed, rising 0.64 percent to 6,256.56 as large-cap tech stocks rebounded. The index posted its third-worst weekly performance of the year.
Stocks were coming off their worst session since May as tensions between the U.S. and North Korea linger.
In the latest developments between the two countries’ war of words, President Donald Trump tweeted another stark warning to North Korea on Friday.
The tweet came a day after Trump said his previous warning to North Korea that it would face “fire and fury” may not have been “tough enough.”
“This is a very fluid environment. Typically you would see buyers coming in off a sell-off … you could see some buying on the dips,” said Prudential Financial chief market strategist Quincy Krosby.
Gold futures for December delivery hit their highest level since June, rising $3.90 to settle at $1,294 per ounce.
Earlier stocks caught a bid after the Labor Department said the Consumer Price Index edged up 0.1 percent last month, versus expectations of a 0.2 percent gain. The index is a widely followed inflation metric.
“Because the numbers came in lower, the market saw that as an indication that the Fed won’t raise rates in September,” said Robert Pavlik, chief market strategist at Boston Private. “I’m not sure that the market believes that the Fed won’t do anything to the balance sheet.”
Market expectations for a December rate hike fell after the CPI data was released. Just 38 percent of investors expected the central bank to rates again at the end of the year, down from about 45 percent, according to the CME Group’s FedWatch tool.
“With weak inflation, if not turning down, it will make it even more difficult for the Fed to do anything, between today’s CPI and yesterday’s PPI,” said Baird Chief Investment Strategist Bruce Bittles. “Are you going to raise rates in this environment?”
The CBOE volatility index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, hit its highest level since the presidential election before easing to 15.7.
“North Korea gets the headlines, but don’t forget that we are closing the door on a very impressive earnings season,” Ryan Detrick, senior market strategist at LPL Financial. “This will be the first back-to-back double digits earnings growth since late ’11, but just as impressive has been this is a global recovery in earnings.”
Before this week, U.S. stocks have been hitting record highs, boosted by mostly stronger-than-expected earnings.
Snap, however, did not beat expectations. The social media company posted a larger-than-expected loss and smaller-than-expected revenue, sending the stock down 14 percent.
J.C. Penney’s stock also fell sharply Friday after the struggling retailer turned in a mixed second-quarter report that included a greater-than-expected loss in earnings. The stock fell nearly 17 percent.
Graphics chipmaker Nvidia saw its stock fall about 5 percent after reporting stronger-than-expected earnings. Though one of the best-performing stocks in the entire market, investors were disappointed by its slow growth in its unit that serves artificial intelligence applications.
, Rico Gatson lives and works in New York, NY. Gatson has been included in the exhibitions Prospect 1, New Orleans; Greater New York at P.S.1 Contemporary Art Center; and Freestyle at the Studio Museum in Harlem. Most recently he was the subject of a two-person show at the Barbara Walters Gallery, Sarah Lawrence College, Bronxville, NY, and Three Trips Around the Block, a solo retrospective at Exit Art, NY. The artist is a recipient of the Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation Biennial Award for Visual Artists and the Oli Bar Ltd. Award for Excellence in Sculpture, Yale School of Art. Gatson's work has been acquired by the Denver Art Museum, Denver, CO; the Norton Family Foundation, Los Angeles, CA; the Studio Museum in Harlem, New York, NY; and Yale University Art Gallery, New Haven, CT, among other public and private collections. Rico Gatson is represented by Ronald Feldman Fine Arts, New York.
n. 1) the condition of being drunk as the result of drinking alcoholic beverages and/or use of narcotics. In the eyes of the law this definition may differ depending on the situation to which it is applied. 2) as it applies to drunk driving (DUI, DWI) the standard of intoxication varies by state between .08 and .10 alcohol in the bloodstream, or a combination of alcohol and narcotics which would produce the same effect even though the amount of alcohol is below the minimum. 3) as it applies to public drunkenness the standard is subjective, meaning the person must be unable to care for himself, be dangerous to himself or others, be causing a disturbance or refuse to leave or move along when requested. 4) a defense in a criminal case in which the claim is made by the defendant that he/she was too intoxicated to form an intent to commit the crime or to know what he/she was doing, where the amount of intoxication is subjective but higher than for drunk driving. There is also the question if the intoxication was an intentional aforethought to the crime ("I wanted to get drunk so I had the nerve to kill her"). Unintentional intoxication can show lack of capacity to form an intent and thus reduce the possible level of conviction and punishment, as from voluntary (intentional) manslaughter down to involuntary (unintentional but through a wrongful act) manslaughter. However, in vehicular manslaughter, the intoxication is an element in the crime, whether getting drunk was intentional or not, since criminal intent was not a factor.
Puri pranayam faridabad resale - Property in Faridabad (Sec-82, Faridabad) [Puri Pranayam Faridabad][1] is very high demand between investors and buyers in Faridabad due to its leading location. It is located at Sector – 82, Greater Faridabad, It is nearby the Delhi – Agra Bye Pass Road. [1]: https://puripranayamfarid... -
HCBS Affordable Sector 2 (Gurgaon) We are offering many luxurious and affordable housing flats in **[HCBS Affordable Sector 2][1]**. Moreover, these housing projects come under the HUDA Affordable Housing Scheme. Further, these affordable homes will make your lives extremely comfortable as... -
Signature Global Affordable Sector 36 (Gurgaon) We are offering many world-class and luxurious flats in **[Signature Global Affordable Sector 36][1]** on many prime locations. Moreover, these new projects will come loaded with many world-class amenities and features to give the residents a comfortable ... -
Central Park Flamingo 2BHK With Study Room Independent Floor Sohna	(Sector 22, Gurgaon) Central Park Flower Valley A premium township replete with myriad choices of homes, world class physical, spiritual and social amenities and to top it all, a main road location in South of Gurgaon, just minutes away from Golf Course Extension Road and oth... $89077.10
Buy RERA compliant & Top- Quality 1 BHK flat in Mira Road (Mumbai, India) Put your trust on Unique Shanti Developers with over 25+ years of real estate experience. [**Buy 1 BHK Flats in Mira Road**][1] which is comfortable, luxurious & encompasses top-quality construction standards. Find your dream flat from our completed r... -
2 BHK Ambience Creacions Residential Sector 22 Gurgaon (Sector 22, Gurgaon) Welcome to a world of premium luxury where craftsmanship meets perfection! Gurgaon is an incredible city and a part of the National Capital Region that many want to be a part of today. As it goes through constant development, an organized life is what ... $194966.00
OSB Golf Heights Sector 69 Gurgaon 9871424442 (Gurgaon) OSB Golf Heights Affordable Housing Project is the upcoming project of OSB group which is the second housing scheme located in sector 69 of Gurgaon. There will be one and two BHK apartments in OSB Golf Heights project and their price will start from 13 la... -
Central Park Flamingo Independent Floor 2BHK With Study Room Sohna	 Central Park Flower Valley A premium township replete with myriad choices of homes, world class physical, spiritual and social amenities and to top it all, a main road location in South of Gurgaon, just minutes away from Golf Course Extension Road and oth... $89144.25
1 bhk flat in haridwar (Delhi) The sacred city of Haridwar offers a colorful and fascinating blend of culture **[property in haridwar][1]** in the lap of nature is something that every heart desires. Ambika Divinity offers 100% finance on apartments in Haridwar. [1]: http://www.... -
Own Flats in Thane West Filled with Happiness (Mumbai, India) Out of the many new projects in Thane, UNIQUE GREENS & UNIQUE VISTAS stand out due to its prime location, unmatchable luxury & lush greenery. The glorious 1 & 2 BHK homes at UNIQUE GREENS is where your family will always be safe, healthy &... -
3 BHK Ambience Creacions Residential Sector 22 Gurgaon (Sector 22, Gurgaon) Ambience Creacions of Ambience Group, a luxurious and prestigious residential development has been launched with various amenities that will have 2BHK, 3BHK, 4BHK and 5BHK apartments penthouses and villas in Gurgaon. This residential project is away from ... $263318.40
Signature Global Orchard Avenue (Gurgaon) We are offering many deluxe and modern **[Signature Global Orchard Avenue][1]**. These projects will offer luxurious and affordable 1, 2, and 3 BHK apartments. Also, these projects will be in close proximity to many Entertainment Hubs, Shopping Malls, Hos... -
OSB Affordable Housing Sector 70 (Gurgaon) We are offering OSB Affordable Housing Sector 70. Moreover, these new projects will come loaded with many world-class amenities and features to give the residents a comfortable and luxury lifestyle. Furthermore, the locations of these new projects will ha... -
OSB Golf Heights 69 Gurgaon 9871424442 (Gurgaon) [OSB Golf Heights Affordable Housing Projec][1]t is the upcoming project of OSB group which is the second housing scheme located in sector 69 of Gurgaon. There will be one and two BHK apartments in OSB Golf Heights project and their price will start from ... -
ATS Grandstand Dwarka Expressway (Gurgaon) We are happy to offer you **[ATS Grandstand Dwarka Expressway][1]** in Gurgaon. These luxurious housing projects will be equipped with many modern and world-class amenities. Moreover, these amenities will help its residents to achieve comfort and luxury. ... -
Researchers have created the world’s biggest drone swarm that doesn’t rely on either GPS or external motion capture in order to fly.
Do I need a GPS drone?. Even though the official release date for Spark (one of the newest drones with GPS and camera) has been set for this summer,
Without GPS or any other kind of external localization. To do this, it simply identifies and tracks visual features in its camera field of view: if the drone’s camera sees an object, and that object moves right to left across the frame, the.
Buy products related to drone camera and gps and see what customers say about drone camera and gps on Amazon.com ✓ FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases.
FPV Equipment – Drone Equipment – First Person View. – Get equipment from FPV, drone and drone part. Our drone parts / equipment consists of everything you may need for your next drone flight including flying camera.
Small and light, it fits in a single lens slot inside my camera bag. The Mavic Air is smaller. In sports mode, the indicated GPS speed reached 40 mph (65 kph).
The Global Positioning System (GPS) is a space-based navigation system that provides location and time information in all weather conditions, anywhere on or near the.
If it’s a drone that comes with a camera, you will need to spend over $400 if you want to have image stabilization. You can also pick a cheaper drone with GPS and.
I would recommend using it in GPS mode as it is the easiest mode. Installing the gimbal is easy. If you are wondering what a gimbal is. It is the mount that holds your camera usually a gopro horizontal no matter how aggressively you fly.
If you are looking for a proven camera drone to capture high-quality aerial video and images, then this buying guide is for you. I cover everything from starter.
I wanted a drone with brushless motors, a 1080p camera, and GPS guidance. What I got was an F200W Shadow review unit, and it did not disappoint. The F200W is actually easier to fly than the U34W Dragonfly I previously reviewed,
Buy products related to gps drone with return home products and see what customers say about gps drone with return home products on Amazon.com ✓ FREE. UPair 2.7K Video Camera Drone with 7 inch FPV Screen Live View 5.8G RC Quadcopter,Return to Home Function, Position Hold Headless Altitude-Hold Switch.
Jan 23, 2018. A drone with GPS and autopilot system including camera gives you plenty of aerial options. As well as flying a programmed route, a drone on autopilot can take aerial photos and video much better than any pilot can. That is especially true in difficult weather conditions. A drone flying in autopilot mode is.
Drones with GPS autopilot and camera are essential for great aerial filming. Review of DJI, Yuneec, 3DR, Walkera and Ground Station, DroidPlanner and Tower app
This one department of U.S. government is really excited about how it is using drones - Drone Lobbyist
The Department of the Interior’s (DOI) Office of Aviation Services, which has a fleet of 312 drones, flew nearly 5,000 missions in 2017. Those flights were carried out across 32 states and by 200 different pilots. According to the DOI, their fleet includes drones such as the 3DR Solo Quadcopters and Pulse Vapor 55TM Helicopters, made by Pulse Aerospace.
“The Department of the Interior has worked hard to build a UAS program that is a leader in non-Department of Defense applications,” said Deputy Assistant Secretary for Public Safety, Resource Protection, and Emergency Services Harry Humbert in a prepared statement. “This technology opens limitless possibilities for resource managers. The Department is proud of the collaboration that uses technology to support wildland fire and natural resource management more safely and more efficiently than ever before.”
Drones flew a range of missions, including fighting wildfires, monitoring dams and spillways, and mapping wildlife.
The DOI shared an exact breakdown of the types of drone flights and in which states they were located:
One of the biggest areas where drones were used was in wildfire suppression. 707 drone missions were carried out across 71 individual wildfires throughout 2017. That’s an 82% increase in drone usage from 2016.
But the DOI has been using drones for much longer than that. The DOI’s drone program launched in 2010 — long before the days of the DJI Phantom. In 2010, the drones flew just 208 flights.
The DOI has stated that using drones is cheaper and more efficient that using humans or manned aircraft to carry out the same tasks.
“Aviation accidents have been the leading cause of fatalities among field biologists,” Mark Bathrick, Director of the Office of Aviation Services said in a prepared statement. “Increasing the use of UAS or drones can increase safety for certain missions. Drones can also instantly deliver high quality data for a fraction of the cost of traditional flights.”
This one department of U.S. government is really excited about how it is using drones was originally posted March 1, 2018 4:02 am at http://thedronegirl.com/2018/03/01/department-of-interior-drones/ by Sally French
As drone companies look to compete with drone industry king DJI, two companies have come up with a unique strategy: combine resources and team up.
Yuneec, a Chinese drone manufacturer known mostly for its Typhoon hobby drone, has partnered with Pix4D, a 3D mapping software company owned by French drone manufacturer Parrot, which is known for its Bebop and AR toy drones.
The two companies announced this week that Parrot’s Pix4Dcapture software would now be available on Yuneec’s H520 ST16S ground station controller. The software gives users the ability to create georeferenced maps and models from drone imagery, Pix4D capture is used in verticals such as law enforcement, inspection and construction, where drone pilots can customize flight plans and parameters and view maps in multiple orientations.
The Pix4Dcapture software will now be pre-installed on all future Yuneec’s H520 ST16s ground stations and available via software update for existing H520 owners.
Yuneec’s H520, which was announced in January 2017, is a six-rotor drone targeted at commercial applications. It looks very much like the Typhoon H drone (but is bright orange for high visibility), building off the six-rotor platform (that is capable of flying under emergency situations with just five rotors) while incorporating commercial-grade cameras and applications for high-end commercial use.
The partnership is unique as Parrot opts to extend the reach of its software into drones outside of the Parrot family. Pix4D has been integrated into Parrot’s enterprise-level drones, including the Disco-Pro and the Parrot Bluegrass. But it’s interesting to see Parrot drones appearing in drones by what is seemingly a competitor company.
Meanwhile, DJI’s attention when it comes to consumer drones is on the thermal imaging market. The Chinese drone behemoth, which has an estimated 70% share of the drone industry, recently announced a partnership with thermal camera maker FLIR to integrate its thermal cameras into its drones alongside a traditional 4K camera with the launch of the new DJI XT2 camera.
Yuneec partners with Parrot to put Pix4D’s mapping software in its commercial drones was originally posted April 6, 2018 2:55 pm at http://thedronegirl.com/2018/04/06/yuneec-partners-with-parrot-to-put-pix4ds-mapping-software-in-its-commercial-drones/ by Sally French
The Federal Aviation Administration is seeking more applicants to participate as a supplier in its Low Altitude Authorization and Notification Capability (LAANC) drone program.
A month after announcing that it would expand tests of its real-time approval processing program to 500 airports by the fall of this year, the FAA wants more companies to supply LAANC services.
The LAANC program allows drone operators to use an interface from one of four providers that were hand-picked by the FAA — AirMap, Project Wing (an entity of X, formerly known as Google), Rockwell Collins and Skyward — to request approval to fly in restricted airspace. Operators would then receive approval almost instantly.
That instantly speeds up the ability to legally fly in controlled airspace such as near airports — a cumbersome process that had required individual applications and took months.
While the drone industry was generally excited that the process to get permission to fly in controlled airspaces has gotten easier, many industry players feared that the FAA selecting just 4 companies to provide such a service with no clear criteria of how to get chosen was a threat to other companies, particular small startups with minimal resources.
“Getting exclusive access to what is essentially a national resource doesn’t seem like a fair gig at all,” said Joshua Ziering, founder of Kittyhawk, a drone-operations platform similar to Skyward in a past interview with The Drone Girl. “With this, the FAA is essentially picking winners in the private industry.”
Since that time, the FAA announced that it considering agreements with additional entities to provide LAANC services. The period for new entities to apply will run from April 16 to May 16. Interested parties can find information on the application process here.
FAA seeking more LAANC suppliers months after industry criticism about “ol’ boy’s club forming” was originally posted April 3, 2018 5:09 pm at http://thedronegirl.com/2018/04/03/faa-seeking-laanc-suppliers/ by Sally French
SF Express, a courier in China, announced that one of its subsidiaries received the first official permit to deliver packages via drones.
The courier is focused on delivering items via drones to more sparsely populated areas. The company said it intends to use a few types of drones. Traditional manned aircraft will delivery items at large scale to major warehouses, followed by big drones delivering items to local warehouses and small drones making the actual deliveries to customers.
Tests of SF Express’s drones have been spotted as early as 2013, the same year Jeff Bezos announced that Amazon was working toward drone delivery. SF Express is the second largest courier in China after China Post.
With the new government approvals, SF Express can legally make deliveries in approved airspace. But that still doesn’t mean drones will be making deliveries anywhere and everywhere just yet. The flights are still in beta mode, with SF Express launching a pilot zone in the Nankang district of Ganzhou, a city in Jiangxi province, where it had already been testing drone deliveries. After that stage, drone delivery would expand across the entire provence.
China has made huge headway in the field of drone delivery. Another company called JD.com, which has been described as the Chinese version of Amazon, has a fleet of drones making deliveries near Beijing.
JD’s heavy-load drones can carry payloads weighing more than a ton and focuses on flying along fixed routes from warehouses to special landing pads in rural villages, where local contractors for the company then deliver the packages to the customers’ doorsteps.
That model is similar to that of Iceland’s Flytrex, which flies fixed routes from warehouses to specified points across the city. From there, a human courier handles the packages between that drop-off point and the customer’s house, filling in the “last mile,” or the customer can come to the drop-off point to receive it themselves.
China’s second-largest courier just got permission for drone delivery was originally posted April 2, 2018 5:49 am at http://thedronegirl.com/2018/04/02/chinas-second-largest-courier-just-got-permission-drone-delivery/ by Sally French
The Unmanned Safety Institute (USI), a provider of unmanned aircraft system (UAS) training and certification, has named Joshua Olds, co-founder and vice president, its new president.
Olds succeeds Aaron Greenwald, who is stepping down as president to pursue a masters of business administration.
“I am very happy to lead such an exciting and fast-growing business,” says Olds. “Since the company’s founding in 2014, USI has become the preeminent leader in UAS training and education in the academic and commercial space, and with the majority acquisition of USI by ARGUS International in 2016, we have created the UAS industry’s only offering that covers the entire operational ecosystem needed to set up and manage a world-class drone program.”
“Josh is not only a recognized and respected thought leader on the topic of safe and effective UAS operations, but his hands-on experience operating UAS and teaching in an academic setting provide a level of insight on the entire industry that is sorely needed,” comments Joe Moeggenberg, president and CEO of ARGUS. “Unmanned operations offer the aviation industry its next big growth channel, but the labor pool needed to achieve the UAS growth forecasts in each industry cluster is now sitting in middle and high school career and technical education classrooms, and this is where Josh has been incredibly effective.”
Olds has been with USI for four years, since the company’s inception. During that time, he has served as vice president of operations, leading the development of content and curriculum for education and training. He also led the development of the ARGUS Organizational Unmanned Industry Standard. Olds currently serves as a member on the UAS FAA Safety Team and as an advisory board member for the Energy Drone Coalition. He has also been presented an award for “Airmanship and Contribution to the UAS Industry” by the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International.
sugar skull coloring sheets sugar skull coloring coloring pages sugar skulls skull coloring book together with sugar skull coloring page best buy hours nyc.
best restaurants in nyc chinatown market selden makeup coloring pages face for people page shows on netflix february 2018,best movies of 2017 on dvd for kids free skull coloring pages sugar buy laptops,day of the dead skulls coloring pages sugar best market syosset buy credit card score shows on netflix and hulu,best movies on netflix feb 2018 shows right now skull coloring pages,best buy credit card services skulls coloring pages skull of market east rockaway shows on netflix right now,best buy learning network skull coloring pages printable sugar page basic day restaurants in nyc for birthday with view,best market locations coloring pages skulls girl skull sheet western rewards movies on netflix feb 2018,best skull coloring images on sugar movies of 2017 oscars market commack shows netflix and hulu,best restaurants in nyc sugar skull coloring page pages to print for movies on netflix march 2018 buy credit card services,free printable sugar skull coloring sheets lucid publishing best restaurants in nyc for groups buy hours bridgewater.
Title: Surprising Beds For Girls With Storage 15 Loft Bed Drawers. Published at Home Design. Upload Friday, July 06th 2018, 11:14:21 AM. by . url: surprising-beds-for-girls-with-storage-15-loft-bed-drawers.
beds with storage for girls twin beds for girls with storage loft beds for girls with storage bunk beds for girls with storage
In case you are setting way up a start up company, you can find that you can to get administration loaning that will help you through your enterprise. A scholarhip can possibly be extremely very helpful as the idea won’t have so that you can be repaid as rather long as anyone continue with the circumstances layed out inside this any time it will be given to be able to you. When you break the actual strict illnesses attached for you to your own grant, commonly people will possibly be essential to settle the total scholarship number.
Many government guidance just for new companies is centered on geographical location with the exact allows currently being awarded in order to firms outset in space which happen to be in search of economic reproduction.
Gives can be tailored to push just for growth with specific industry or market. You may possibly be allowed to receive some allow in case you are actually creating a small business inside of a backed sector. Gives happen to be gave that will organisations integrating having colleges and universities so that you can research sections which usually are connected with mutual curiosity. Also allows happen to be presented that will organisations the fact that need assistance with aspects associated with start-up these as employees training, worldwide opportunities, financing and organization growth.
Nonetheless you will have to bear in mind that perhaps even if your personal venture is at an section normally helped by the us government, you can likely only be able in order to obtain economical assist in the event that you fill out an application before the actual undertaking features commenced, possibly not once. Likewise, some critical are in reality issue to regulations limiting the level of government resources they could receive.
Dimensions of the business: more awards are awarded to smaller businesses, those featuring less compared with 400 people.
Intent being the very give: your company team is going to need towards get hold of since driven together with fully commited and also there will probably demand to become any focus on to become climbed to. For instance your individual scholarship may possibly be intended to develop exportation links for your company.
Categories: women, adult people, those who disabilities, ethnic minorities and young folks virtually all have got firms just who seek to aid business people including you in your projects.
Grants or loans are on the market by a broad range about methods, some charitable organizations possibly offer assist pertaining to fledgling organisations. Typically the most popular body shapes awarding gives happen to be: —
Scottish Organization, Highlands as well as Islands Party, the Welsh Government in addition to Invest N . Ireland
Most for these vendors will are expecting you to online game the main scholarship sum one are currently being awarded along with your personal alternate choice financial resources, the particular amount of corresponding needed hinges on the particular scholarhip. All these finances may come from an investor, the companhy owners, a home loan, or preceding profits. Certain grants, for example research permits, require the companhy to look for 40% about the resourcing and the particular scholarhip supplies 60%. However, the actual complimenting numbers will be likely towards be substantial if you actually are accepting a project for instance refurbishment.
Features: Hotspots. Events Call of Duty: Black Ops will take users during the Cold War. As part of an elite unit of soldiers will be involved in armed conflicts around the world, such as in Cuba and Vietnam. An impressive arsenal. As a soldier of a special unit, you will have access to the latest prototype weapon at the time, such as ballistic knives, pyrotechnic cartridges for the shotgun or crossbow with explosive ordnance. The real war. Interactive environments, thrilling story, spectacular camera angles and a great director work makes Call of Duty: Black Ops one of the most realistic and exciting game about the war. Fighting and winning. In the Black Ops are a few classic multiplayer mode - "Capture the Flag» (Capture the Flag), «Bomb» (Search and Destroy) and "Team Deathmatch» (Team Deathmatch), as well as a number of new, including innovative "games with stakes" .
Activation key: 1. You need to download and install Steam http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi (if not already installed) 2. Register a new account on Steam or go to an existing one. 3. Go to the "My Games" and select "Activate via Steam ...", read and agree to the Steam Subscriber Agreement and enter the key received immediately after the payment. 4. After activating the game will appear in the list of games and you can download it from steam. The installation process (download) takes about 15-50 minutes (depending on your internet channel).
This is the official version from 1C has territorial restrictions and is designed for use in Russia, Ukraine and CIS countries. After activation serial key in steam, the key becomes invalid, ie re-use it is no longer possible, so be sure to remember all the details of your account! Without them you can not get access to the active games in the future.
If you live outside Russia or Ukraine we will help you with activation from russian ip to make this game region free.
Our contacts for advice, as well as more detailed information about our other lots can be found on the following ssy
Сразу после оплаты вы получите ключ для игры в виде текста. Ключ необходимо вводить в STEAM. Мы являемся продавцом со статусом "VIP". Гарантия получения ключа 100% Получить подарок!
Profit 100% Olymp Trade Android bagi pemula, dengan indikator yang ada. 1. By accepting this Agreement the Client accepts that the Client has read and understood the information contained in this Agreement and the Company’s general description of the nature and risks of different Financial Instruments, Products, and/or Service(s) which can be found in our Risk Disclosure “The Raptor will Binomo akun demo ultimately be a two-motor truck – that was the plan all along – much like you have the option for the EcoBoost V6 or 5.0 V8 in other F-150 models.
Title: Eusebia Perez, age 29, and daughter Faustina. Eusebia has four children by four different fathers and loves all of them
Eusebia Perez, age 29, and daughter Faustina. Eusebia has four children by four different fathers and loves all of them
Title: Ex-Oklahoma Farmer, One of the Leaders in the Strike of Cotton Pickers, Kern County, California. The growers set the price of cotton at seventy-five cents per 100 pounds picked, and the pickers refused to enter the fields. 1935
Ex-Oklahoma Farmer, One of the Leaders in the Strike of Cotton Pickers, Kern County, California. The growers set the price of cotton at seventy-five cents per 100 pounds picked, and the pickers refused to enter the fields. 1935
The series "--and so the story goes--" series represents a set of related resources, especially of a specified kind, found in Cooperative Computer Services.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Cooperative Computer Services. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Just leave a request and our site will pick you the best offers, find the right products and services at the best price in Череповце.
Loans for various purposes, Leasing service, Insurance, ATM (automatic teller machine), Raising mortgage assistance, banks, Credit arrangements help, auto lending, Currency exchange office
Below are resources available online to assist you. Should you not find what you are looking for, please contact your School Office or the District Office. Thank you.
Nyan Cat Pillow Pet is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Meet Kit Nouveau, failed rock star, failed soldier, failed English teacher, failed husband and shortly to become failed bar owner.
The man who stared out from Pirate Mary�s basement window inhaled a deeper sourness, one that danced in wisps of smoke from the heated foil in his fingers. Kit Nouveau kept his habit on a tight leash, limiting himself to one fix a day, but the dragon was restless and beginning to strain against its chains. One of them was winning and Kit guessed it wasn�t him.
In a few hours, Kit will have no money, no property, no wife, no relatives who will speak to him, and rather more enemies than is entirely healthy. When a mugger threatened to kill him he could easily have said, "Go ahead, I don�t have anything else left to lose." Which makes it all the more odd that he should find his life saved by the beggar girl in the cos-play outfit. OK, so he bought her coffee most mornings because she looked so cold and lonely. But did that make his life worth saving? And where did she get those knife-fighting skills anyway?
Kit doesn�t know much about Lady Neku, but then there�s a lot she doesn�t know about herself either.
She�d left her body on a chair beside the door. At first she imagined her bedroom had just tidied it away, but all her wardrobes were empty. So she checked the room she�d used as a child, just in case the household gods were being more forgetful than usual, only her body wasn�t there either.
The book is called End of the World Blues, and it is the new novel by Jon Courtenay Grimwood. Some blurb on the back cover of the ARC says, "�combines the literary brilliance of 9 Tail Fox with the SF �wow� factor of Stamping Butterflies. I hope they keep that for the production version, because it is remarkably accurate.
The plot of End of the World Blues shuttles back and fore between Tokyo and London, with occasional excursions to Lady Neku�s home of High Strange, a failing orbital habitat situated at the end of the world. Temporally, that is.
Writing a book set in a foreign culture is always a dangerous thing to do. I was enormously impressed with the sense of San Francisco that Grimwood achieved in 9 Tail Fox. I�m sure he worked equally hard on getting Tokyo right, and while Japan is considerably more foreign than California, I�m happy to take it on trust that he did a good job. Besides, you know he works at his cultural observation because he tries to see England as a foreign country.
A metro ran from Heathrow airport to one of the most famous underground stations in London. She knew this because it was in a magazine stuck into the back of the seat in front of her on the plane. The magazine said using the London metro system was very easy, which turned out to be a lie.
But let�s leave the cultural stuff for now. Many of you will want to know what the book is about. Families, basically; gangster families. Kit Nouveau has an unerring ability to get himself involved with the sort of people you normally only find in The Sopranos. Except that Kit�s not-quite in-laws are London Irish on one side of the world and Yakuza on the other. Fortunately he is not actually "involved" with Neku, because her family might well be the worst of the lot.
Quite what all this has to do with Kit�s teenage years in Hampshire, with a rock band called Switchblade Lies, and two boys who ought to be friends but have this issue over a girl bassist/singer with the worryingly prophetic name of Vita Brevis, I need to leave you to find out. After all, Kit spends much of the book finding it out. And what he learns is, of course, that the past has gone and you can�t go back. That lesson even applies to time-traveling teenagers from the end of the world.
"Because," said the door, "once opened, I�m open. Returning to a time when I was locked becomes impossible."
Which leaves us with just one question. Why? Why are the tales of Kit Nouveau and Lady Neku intercut like this? The question as to why Neku chose 21st Century Japan as her destination is answered in the book. But that doesn�t tell us what purpose Neku�s story has in a book that could easily just have been a simple thriller. I have my own theories, of course, but I suspect that this may be a question that exercises the Clarke judges when they debate the book. You will need to make up your own minds.
In the meantime, End of the World Blues has made it comfortably onto my top ten SF novels of the year. It may well end up on my Hugo list, although it has no chance of being on the ballot in Yokohama because the US edition won�t be out until at least next year. Ah well, I guess I can get all excited over it again when America does get to see it.
Plot Outline: In the midst of the Gulf War, soldiers are kidnapped and brainwashed for sinister purposes.
Getting fully informed about the recovery method is vital so that you can prepare yourself in advance. Patients usually neglect to consider about numerous important post-op elements: Is it a stroll-in stroll-out procedure? Will you require help leaving the clinic? How ought to you travel property? When you have almost any issues regarding where and also the way to use click the next page - https://ceciliaa2573580.7x.cz/blog/5-tips-for-picking-the-right -, it is possible to contact us in the web-site. Will you be in discomfort? Do you need to take time off function? What does the post-operative care entail? When are the post-operative adhere to up visits? There are a quantity of factors to take into consideration and your doctor need to talk about all of these completely with you in advance. Clubs and memberships are quite well-liked. They imply exclusivity, and they encourage consistent repeat visits. For instance, your club could focus on injectables and dermal fillers, with month-to-month visits at a discounted cost. Or click the next page it could concentrate on monthly spa treatment options. Or incorporate a brief menu of month-to-month preventive skin maintenance" procedures such as microdermabrasion or chemical peels.If at any time in the course of the investigation procedure, or right after you have set the date, you really feel the slightest bit doubtful about your procedure, drop it. It really is always typical to have cold feet just before any sort of elected surgery, however significant or minor, but if you happen to be possessing stomach-turning second thoughts about your tummy tuck, maybe that is your gut, ahem, attempting to inform you one thing.In rhinoplasty, also recognized as a "nose job," the surgeon reshapes the patient's nose to enhance the look and often breathing, also. It could involve reshaping the tip and reducing the bony hump at the upper aspect of the nose. She secretly flew to Turkey earlier this month, after surgeons in the US refused to operate and advised her against carrying out the procedure as there was no excess fat to extract.Tests — The expense of medical tests such as cardiographs, electrocardiograms, metabolism tests, radiological services or procedures, spinal fluid tests, stool examinations, sugar content material tests, urine analysis, and x-ray solutions. Also claim the expense of any related interpretation or diagnosis — prescription necessary.Even though most plastic surgery is not covered by insurance, it does not hurt to verify. If you happen to be obtaining plastic surgery due to an accident, they could make an exception to the rule. Ask your insurance coverage firm if your process is covered, particularly if a doctor can declare the surgery is medically needed.Modern day plastic surgery procedures are entirely protected and minimally invasive. Most physicians recommend sleeping in an upright or reclined position on your back for at least 1 week after surgery. You may possibly think that propping up a bunch of pillows would do the trick, but a pile of pillows can fall over when you move. Invest in a great reading pillow with armrests and an adjustable headrest. With this help, you won't roll onto your side in the course of the night.Cairns plaza medical doctors need to be present to answer patient's concerns. Some of the feasible pressing inquiries contain possibilities of good results or failures following a suggested therapy strategy. Really, some remedy alternatives require that the physician informs the patient of the foreseeable dangers and consequences ahead of getting initiated. When it comes to preserving facial surgery outcomes, skin care is essential. Very good skin care is an crucial component of the general appearance of the face, and a great skin care regimen can aid to enhance troubles such as acne, uneven pigmentation, and fine lines and wrinkles. Also, protection from ultraviolet light, like the sun and tanning booths, is really critical for all round skin care because ultraviolet light is extremely detrimental to skin and can significantly accelerate the look of aging," Dr. Wiener mentioned. Dr. Wiener carries a complete line of skin care merchandise to aid with minimizing and correcting signs of facial aging.As far as body contouring and weight-loss procedures go, the results are usually noticeable - and equally welcomed - nearly instantly upon receiving the process. If you've recently undergone a physique lift, breast lift, arm lift, thigh lift, tummy tuck or any other type of physique contouring process, click the next page it's more than likely that you are at the final stages of totally evening out your body's look with smoother contours following a huge weight loss.Anyways point becoming Im kinda pissed about going 35 years of my life and doctors shrugging it off and saying it has no impact on health. That getting said if Im to appropriate this for sleep and pulmonary purposes, what is the best route? Im uninsured. Is it more affordable to have process accomplished out of country? Is it worth paying for click the next page insurance? If so, how a lot does it cover? Any support on how to fix my life under extremely restricted finances would be greatly appreciated.
The little girl was weeping as she recounted to the police officer her history of sexual abuse at the hands of her father. When it was all over, when she had told all that she remembered, the police officer asked her if she had any questions for him. The child froze for a moment, and then began to play with her hair and stare at her toes. Slowly, nearly inaudibly, she asked “am I still a virgin in God’s eyes?”
This account, based on a real case, is not isolated. There is a large and growing body of research documenting that many abused children are not only impacted physically and emotionally but also spiritually. This may happen because a religious theme is used in the abuse of the child. In this particular case, the abusive father specifically told the girl she was no longer a virgin and, if she ever told, she could never wear white at her wedding. In other instances, a child simply has spiritual questions about the abuse. Many children, for example, may be hurt or angry that God did not answer their prayers to stop the abuse.
Although the spiritual impact of abuse can be devastating, research also documents that spirituality can be a source of resiliency for many children and that those who are able to cope spiritually, also do a better job of coping emotionally and physically. In this blog, I summarize the research on spiritual injuries, and offer some thoughts on improving our abilities to address this aspect of child abuse.
There a dozens of studies, involving more than 19,000 children, detailing the spiritual impact of child abuse (Walker 2009). For example, a study of 527 victims of child abuse (physical, sexual or emotional) found a significant “spiritual injury” such as feelings of guilt, anger, grief, despair, doubt, fear of death, and belief that God is unfair (Lawson 1998).
When the perpetrator is a member of the clergy, the impact on the victim’s spirituality may be even more pronounced. Clergy abusers often use their religion to justify or excuse their sexual abuse of children. According to one study, clergy in treatment for sexually abusing children believed that God would particularly look after the children they had victimized and otherwise keep them from harm (Saradjian 2003). Through their religious role, these offenders also engaged in “compensatory behavior” and believed that their good works in the community would result in God excusing their moral lapses with children (McLaughlin 1994).
The religious cover used by clergy abusers is often communicated to the victims in a manner that irreparably damages their spirituality. Specifically, church attendance of these survivors decreases, they are less likely to trust God, and their relationship with God often ceases to grow (McLaughlin 1994).
A number of studies suggest that spirituality is an intrinsic part of human development and may be particularly important to vulnerable children. In a study of 149 youth in an institutional care setting, 86% of these children considered themselves spiritual or somewhat spiritual (McLaughlin 1994).
Some researchers have found that a victim’s “spiritual coping behavior” may play either a positive or negative role in the survivor’s ability to cope with the abuse and with life in general (Gall 2006). Victims of severe abuse may remain “stuck” in their spiritual development such as remaining angry with God. Children abused at younger ages are “less likely to turn to God and others for spiritual support.” (Gall 2006). Nonetheless, even victims describing a difficult relationship with God “still rely on their spirituality for healing.” Victims who experience “greater resolution” of their childhood abuse are able to “actively turn to their spirituality to cope…rather than attempt to cope on their own.” (Gall 2006).
A number of studies document religiousness can moderate posttraumatic symptoms (Bryant-Davis 2012). For example, a study of 2,964 professional women sexually abused as children noted the survivors with no religious practices had significantly more post traumatic symptoms (Elliott 1994).
Although there is a substantial body of research on the impact of child abuse on a boy or girl’s sense of spirituality, this research has been ignored by many professionals. At the undergraduate and graduate level, psychologists are often poorly trained to handle any aspect of child maltreatment (Champion 2003), much less the complicated issue of addressing the spiritual impact of trauma. Nonetheless, the American Psychological Association ethically mandates its members to consider religion in the treatment of a patient and the APA recently published a textbook to assist mental health professionals in addressing spiritual issues in child and adolescent therapy (Walker 2013).
In addition to mental health professionals, it is also vital that medical professionals, law enforcement officers, prosecutors, social workers and other child protection professionals acquire a working knowledge of spiritual injury research and routinely develop plans to assist maltreated children in addressing any spiritual questions or needs they may have. When a patient is diagnosed with a serious disease, such as cancer, it is common for medical providers to offer the patient spiritual care through the hospital’s pastoral care program. Child abuse is as traumatic as any disease and yet pastoral care and other workers are seldom involved in offering services to a child or a child’s family.
Finally, it is critical for all faith communities to improve the education of clergy and other spiritual leaders to recognize and respond to the spiritual impact of child abuse. This education should begin at the seminary level and must continue once in the field. A number of studies document that clergy are poorly trained on myriad aspects of child abuse. As a result, these clergy often lack knowledge of local resources and otherwise commit myriad errors in working with abused children (Vieth 2012).
We may never be able to prevent all cases of child abuse. We can, though, make sure we respond with excellence to the cases that come to light. To this end, we can no longer ignore the large body of research on the spiritual impact of child abuse. We must be proactive in educating our communities about this research and responding in a more culturally sensitive manner.
Who knew that any of the "who cares about preborn babies" Catholic liberals could so soon and so egregiously top that St. Louis Catholic hospital foundation fundraiser's recent hosting of notorious pro-abortion songbird Sheryl Crow in defiance of Archbishop Burke?
Well, they have, already. LifeSiteNews.com reports (click on this post's title) that for its annual Mercy Home Graduates Luncheon fundraiser (no date given), Chicago's Mercy Home for Boys and Girls has invited...pro-partial-birth-abortion, pro-homosexual Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton.
And as you might expect, a spokesman for the home says, presumably with a straight face, that the hosting of the Democrat presidential hopeful is not political and not an endorsement!
The spokesman also says Cardinal Francis George of Chicago inquired and "had some very understandable misgivings but he just wanted to be assured this was not a political stop." You see, Mrs. Bill is going to speak about...education.
Right. Just because H. Rodham Clinton is the most politically obsessed individual in the whole USA and is running for president, why would anyone suspect that "this" is "a political stop?"
As LifeSiteNews.com points out, the U.S. bishops in 2004 issued a "Catholics in Political Life" document and said in there, "The Catholic community and Catholic institutions should not honor those who act in defiance of our fundamental moral principles. They should not be given awards, honors or platforms which would suggest support for their actions."
So if he does not cancel H-Rodham's appearance, Cardinal George is VIOLATING the U.S. bishops' own instructions!
Fortunately, the great pro-life hero Joe Scheidler of the equally great Pro-Life Action League, which has saved the lives of countless babies through the years, promises to picket the event. Wish I could be there. Details should be forthcoming at: http://www.prolifeaction.org/
But why should the people who uphold the Church's teachings on the right to life always have to be on the outside of a "Catholic" event, looking in?
To applaud Burke is to condemn John Cardinal O'Connor who toasted pro-abortion politicians like Jeanne Kilpatrick and Ed Koch at Catholic events. Or are the rules different for pro-choice neo-cons?
And if having Crow sing is to endorse abortion, then is naming a hospital for Glennon endorsing segregation?
Thanks for writing. I've answered these questions of yours at "comments" section of the other posts on this subject.
Cardinal O'Connor would have done what Archbishop Burke did, because the invitation to Sheryl Crow was so blatant a challenge to Holy Mother Church's authority, given singer Crow's prominent part in the pro-cloning campaign in Missouri in 2006.
In my humble opinion, the people who invited H. Rodham C. without asking the Archbishop first are the
Yet one would think that Cardinal George would recall, and would comply with, the U.S. bishops' own instruction about not having pro-aborts at Catholic functions.
Fair Use Notice: This web site may contain copyrighted material the use of which may not always have been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of political, human, religious, and social issues. We believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. For more information go to: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
The "Latest News" section on the main page of the web site of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles (click on this post's title) has a couple of items on the Sisters of Bethany, who are losing their home because the Archdiocese is selling their convent to pay the cost of settling the molestation-coverup lawsuits.
Also on that page, by the way, is an unrelated photo with this caption: "Dancer carries the lectionary during opening prayer service of the Religious Education Congress, 2005. Photo by Sr. Nancy Munro, CSJ."
Anyway, the one item is a notice from Sister M. Anncarla Costello, S.N.D., the Archdiocese of L.A.'s Vicar for Women Religious, which fingers Sister Angela (of the Sisters of Bethany in Santa Barbara) by name and which introduces a letter from Mother Luz Elena Ordonez Quezada, C.V.D., superior general of the Sisters of Bethany. The Archdiocese posted Sister Anncarla's notice on Sept. 21, but the notice's internal evidence dates it at Sept. 14.
Mother Luz's letter is dated Sept. 13. She says her Order has decided to "return the house in Santa Barbara" [to the Archdiocese].
A commenter or two has said at this blogspot that Mother Luz's letter apologized for the behavior of the Sisters of Bethany in Santa Barbara. But that is not precisely what her letter says:
"In my name and from our congregation I express all our pain and hurt for the sad events, because we are church, daughters of the church, and anything that hurts or injures our Mother Church, injures all of us in general."
"I express all our pain and hurt" does not sound like a typical apology. And "for the sad events" is so general that it certainly can be read to encompass the whole situation, including the Archdiocese's (mis)handling of it.
Would the Archdiocese be nicer to the Sisters of Bethany in Santa Barbara if they were liturgical dancers, pastorettes or something equally trendy?
Qunitero should go into PR--he has a phenomenal capacity to spin and twist facts to make them say anything he wants them to say. Kinda like JWs with the Bible.
Boy those wascally JWs are sneaky. Assuming that JW's=Joos, [i.e. Jews.] Boy they sure are a clever lot. Especially the biggest Joo of all: J'shua Ha Meshiach. Why he managed to convince nearly 1 billion people that He's the Son of God. Imagine that!
Correct--I was referring to the Jehovah's Witnesses who make the Bible say what they want it to say.
Logic? Who is Quintero to lecture others on logic, when he can't even deduce that the awkward English in the mother general's letter is probably reflective of the fact that Spanish is her first language. Duh. Yeah, Hillary is right. Q is more interested in bashing and spinning against the Church than he is in determining the facts.
Wow, now I'm "spinning against" the entire Church, not just Cardinal Mahony! You His-Eminence-defenders are getting desperate.
I legitimately speculated BEFORE THE LETTER WAS EVER AVAILABLE that, given the Cardinal's defenders' saying the sister should write such a letter and she then did just that, the Archdiocese's powers that be might have sent her a draft to sign.
AFTER Mother Luz's letter was made available, anyone could see it was in her own words -- and I QUOTED from it, which I would not have done had I thought it "cooked."
Her letter does NOT say what you Cardinal-defenders say it does, so YOU are the ones spinning things.
Extra marital affair website for lonely wives and men! Discreet dating in Ribble Valley area for married and boring! Married but looking for discrete sex encounters in Ribble Valley. The huge list of hot women looking for discrete dating, safe and discreet, chat, hot webcams, instant messaging - find discreet affair in Ribble Valley area now! Meet cheating wife that also looking for discreet sex in Ribble Valley area at our free extramarital affair site
Milf Looking for a discrete ongoing Fwb situation....I'm in a relationship that I'm unhappy sexually with..he can't keep up with me...just looking for lil fun if something comes of it great !! If not just fwb... I have high sex dive , and love givin ... I don't care if you are married, attached, or single. Just be disease free and ready to meet up!!!! .. All I ask is you are under 30, hwp as I am in excellent shape. Please respond with a pic and your age in subject... Your pic gets mine!!!!! Don't be shy, I won't bite, maybe nibble a lil.... Let's get this goin!!!
Do you want to find a cheating wife looking for extra marital affair in Dunsop Bridge, Wiswell, Whalley area? Hundreds of married women looking for discreet sex dating in Dunsop Bridge, Wiswell, Whalley. Join us to have sex tonight!
Hi. I'm a 43 year old married woman who is bored at home. I'm tall, considered good looking, in decent shape (a bit of extra padding, but not NSA I'm looking for on going, or would be open to one time only, great, casual, hot, rough, clean erotic discreet sex. Please reply with Housewife in subject line. You will not be disappointed.
Men between 33-49 please! I am looking for a long term f**k buddy. I am a very sexual woman - just not getting the kind of attention that I need. I am married, and prefer to stay that way - I'm open to a married or single guy - and I am very discrete. I am 49, long black hair, blue eyes, 38 DD chest and curvy with some extra padding (NOT SKINNY). You would have to host or we could get a hotel room. If your interested in talking, your pic will get you mine and we go from there. I have to see your face though. NO face NO meet!
we are a bigger couple her 40s him 50s she is a bbw and he is a bhm we are looking for an older male that is preferably married drug and disease free for a fun evening at our hotel must send pic and be able to meet with no bullshitting around she likes thick cock and is looking for a heavy cummer and repetitive your pics get ours if you are under 35 please pass us up this will be for Thursday night and if all are ok it could be a ongoing thing
Looking for a fuck buddy for my wife. Most likely would be just a one time thing, but possibility of more. I won't be present, but may have some requests, we'll discuss later. Send a pic Face Body and Cock, your stats (to include cock size), marital/relationship status, and let us know if you can host or not. Please be disease free, as we both are and would like to stay that way.
You... Professional over 40, tallish, funny, respectful and reasonably flashy...you can accommodate in good hotels and want some socialising as well as the obvious...preferably married. Me... Blonde, curvy with blue eyes, a great smile and a dirty laugh...smell gorgeous, good company and a great kisser. You've guessed I'm married. PS - I don't accommodate or think Costa and a Travelodge are an exciting evening out...:-( PPS - I am ultra discreet.
We are a local married couple looking to meet some friends for a sort of Ltr with benefits. Man is 30 straight and a bigger guy, and woman is 30 bi curious and curvy definitely not bbw. Anyway we would like to meet someone to be a great friend in and out of the bedroom. We don't want to hookup with a bunch of people we would rather find good friends with the added benefits of course. Interested in men or women as long it all feels right.Non smokers, social drinkers and 420 friendly.Hit us with an email or a number, sorry no pic exchange for discretion. Hope to meet some cool people. Thanks.
I've been married for almost ten years, and been unfaithful for six of them. I have my reasons for that, which I'm not about to go into here; suffice it to say divorce isn't a realistic possibility *YET.* The way I see it, let grown folks do what grown folks wanna do.
Besides, this post isn't so much about me as it is the people who don't feel the need to disclose their marital status to potential partners.
I admit, I've stepped out on my wife plenty of times, but every woman I've ever even attempted to sleep with knew that from the gate. Some were with it, some weren't, some thought they were and tried but changed their minds later on. I kept some fairly long-term FWBs, and even found a legit relationship, all while stuck in this quagmire of a marriage. And each and every one of them knew that I was married.
discrete affair Ballymoney married looking Neath Port Talbot discreet affair Aberdeen Islington extramarital affair discreet dating Swansea extra-marital affair Rother Highland extra-marital affair Medway discrete affair website Cheshire West and Chester West Dorset discrete and looking Swale discrete affair discrete Blackpool illicit encounters North Ayrshire Norwich affair website married and flirting West Dunbartonshire discrete affair Ripon Bury married but lonely discrete and looking Rossendale married but lonely East Riding of Yorkshire marital affairs South Norfolk discrete Ealing Staffordshire married and flirting Tower Hamlets marital affairs marital affair uk Denbighshire affair website North Yorkshire Bexley lonely wife Barrow-in-Furness illicit encounters discrete affair Chiltern Burnley discrete and looking Isle of Man discreet dating East Hampshire married dating discrete affair Poole Babergh extramarital affair Gloucester discrete looking Tewkesbury illicit encounters Waverley married and boring marital dating Magherafelt Dacorum discreet affair married dating Kent South Holland affair website
adult color page hard coloring page boat on the sea absurdly whimsical adult coloring page really hard coloring pages adult color pages.
Many people find their own curious about court records. Sometimes, it is but idle curiosity. Sometimes, this is a potential ceo or other interested halloween party who wants more explains concerning a court enclosure which effects them. Appropriate all, even major bulle cases may be selected to well after media attention dies down, and some resulting records are simply published and forgotten all about. Additionally, many persons are looking for to know more for the legal history because of a person, especially in the instance that the person may have actually been less than beneficial.
Historically however, persons having thoughts about judge records challenged an uphill battle. The records were often horribly stashed every remote courthouses with little or virtually no organization. Additionally, it ranged from difficult to insurmountable to up the court records using other countries. Luckily, periods have changed and court records will definitely be now widely available online. The designing of this modern tech has rendered the hazard of hard-to-find records quite obsolete, even if of category online solutions isn't ideally suited.
Currently, all state as federal mandement are ordered to be able to write their documentation online and as well not control for this service, excepting those legit decisions that includes national proper protection or secrecy concerns. However, the design and location of prose vary from state to state. As such, a person gazing to root through legal records genuinely consider proceeding their nearest law library, or planning a trip to a small town college campus's law unit. There as they will realize that several are rule librarians additionally law computers which may help them all navigate some of the nuanced and as well as obtuse relation of constitution records to successfully find that this ones you want. They will may plus be proficient to can be helpful explain my legal plan and the "legalese" it all is shown in.
There can be also loads of free items on the particular internet which specifically look that will help help another person get hold of court accurate records. Additionally, state-run websites may well offer solutions to help someone hunt through its court precise records of whom state. Around are furthermore for-pay services, and during they announce to give superior service, many 're simply furnishing for pay the price what my state but other websites offer for free criminal background check Connecticut. That's why a woman / man looking to search court precise records should constitute wary of all such sites, which can potentially charge expensive fees to give someone a look attending what happens to be readily that can be found for costless. Still, individuals who anticipate to lookup up legal records connected with specific persons, rules or sometimes decisions should be able to find individual records constantly available using the net and are actually encouraged when you need to use net or librarians to permit them in finding all of the relevant litigation cases.
Format StatusPublished on September 16, 2018 Categories Arts & Entertainment::CelebritiesTags Connecticut arrest records search, free Connecticut arrest records, Free Connecticut Court Records
Marijuana is one of those “hot button” issues — like abortion and immigration – that leave supporters and opponents so intensely divided that no middle ground seems possible. Currently, the federal government classifies marijuana as a “Schedule 1” substance. It’s a crime – indeed, a felony – to possess and distribute the drug, even in relatively small amounts. And half the states in the country still have harsh “pot” laws on the books.
But some 23 states including the District of Columbia have all but legalized the drug. And several have begun allowing consumers to purchase “medical” marijuana in “dispensaries,” ostensibly to treat chronic pain from diseases like cancer.
Well, it depends. For many adults, puffing on a joint may be no different than having a regular drink or two. Most pot smokers, according to federal statistics, are light-to-moderate users. Except among strict teetotalers and religious purists, there isn’t a terribly strong argument against adults choosing to smoke a little grass.
But when it comes to marijuana use by school-age youth, all agreement ends. Daily pot smoking by primary and secondary school students has been growing steadily, according to the authoritative Monitoring the Future study, an annual survey of teen lifestyle habits. Even as tobacco use has declined sharply among youth– with noticeable reductions in alcohol use, too — pot use has not.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On April 30, 2018 7:25 pm, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at Farfetch US because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at Farfetch US, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Dolce Gabbana Designer Brand Directory.
Update your off-duty style with these sartorial black cotton piped trousers from Dolce & Gabbana. They featuring a drawstring waist, back zip pockets, a dotted pattern and turn up hems.
This item was published for sale online by Farfetch US on April 30, 2018 1:46 pm and last updated by us April 30, 2018 7:25 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Dolce Gabbana designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Dolce Gabbana Piped Trousers Black Pants | Clothing fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Farfetch US Online Store.
The Archive of the Robert J. Dole Institute of Politics houses approximately 25,000 photographs relating to the personal life and political career of Robert J. Dole (1923- ). The photographs range in size from wallet-size to oversize and include both color and black and white. The photo collection spans the dates 1880-1996 and contains images relating to Robert J. Dole's childhood and youth, living family members and ancestors, military service, legal career as Russell Kansas County Attorney, four campaigns for the U.S. House of Representatives, the eight years spent as congressman from Kansas' 6th and later 1st Congressional Districts (1961-1968), his subsequent 28 year Senate career (1968-1996), and the post-Senate years. Other individuals who appear in the photographs include American presidents and foreign heads of state, senators, legislators and dignitaries, as well as constituents and staffers. While the majority of the images in the photograph collection were donated by Senator Dole, several important smaller groups of personal photos were donated by his sisters, Norma Jean (Dole) Steele and Gloria (Dole) Nelson and friends of the Dole family. In addition to photographic prints, collections include negatives, slides, and digital images of Institute events.
View a full series list of this collection here (PDF will open in a new window): dole_photo_collection.pdf
Notes: Bob Billings KU Student Body President, 1958 and KU Basketball Team 1957-9; Also Director of KU Aids and Awards 1960
Notes: Accompanying letter. -- Inscriptions: Back: Dear Sir Bob, This is our latest picture, me and my girlfriend for 14 years, her name is Sydni White. This was taken in the wedding party of her niece in New Jersey 2 months ago. I hope you'll like it. Always, Jerry
Folder 53: Bernadette Grey-Little presenting Bob Dole with Honorary KU Diploma (3 images), 14 Dec. 2011
Folder 29: Afghanistan-American Summit on Recovery and Reconstruction, Georgetown University (6 images)
Item 3: Sen. Dole with attendees at Afghan-America Summit on Recovery and Reconstruction, September 2002
Item 4: Dole shakes hands with attendee at Afghan America Summit on Recovery and Reconstruction, September 2002
Item 5: Dole speaks at Georgetown University at Afghan America Summit on Recovery and Reconstruction, September 2002
5x7 color shot: Dole speaks from lectern at above event, with letter from Georgetown University president Stewart McLaurin
Color, 8 x 10", landscape, Kim, Dae Jung; Dole, Robert J., 1923-; unidentified translator, the translator is seated between Dole and the Korean President taking notes, in front is a table of flowers, photograph was taken in Seoul, Korea, Inscriptions: Back: Korean President Kim Dae Jung, with translator
Dole, Robert J., 1923-; Giving speech at podium after winning awards given by the Department of Defense. DoD photo by Helene C. Stikkel released: May 7, 1998
Folder 39: Dole, Robert J., 1923 Black and White Portrait, In Press Packet when he received 2003 Commonwealth Award for Government (1 images)
Color, 8 x 10", landscape, Dole, Robert J., 1923-; Dole is on stage receiving a bust from an unidentified man, there is also a painting of Truman on the stage, Notes: Good Neighbor Award relates to former President Harry Truman; award is ME19.01102
Hosted by Secretary Cohen in honor of Senator Robert Dole. Also pictured is Robin Dole, Elizabeth Dole and nephew, and John Hanford III.
Item 4: Dole, McGovern, and Others at World Food Programme US Senate Hearings around table, 27-Jul-00
Notes: Judy Sweets called studio November 16, 2007 to ask about reproduction policy. They said the image may be used anywhere as long as it is credited to the studio. -- Inscriptions: Alexander's Fine Portrait Design 10000 Memorial Dr., Suite 410 Houston TeX 77024 (713) 682-6000 File 3657 Pose 30
Color, 4" x 6", Retouch1, Emerson Sanders imprinted on back. Dole, Robert J., 1923-; Shalala, Donna E.; Nicholson, Jim, 1938-. Signed on the front by Jim Nicholson. Front reads: "To the Honorable Robert J. Dole with best wishes, & many thanks! Jim Nicholson Secretary of Veterans Affairs." Bob Dole is with Donna Shalala and Jim Nicholson Posed Together
Pratz, Rodney Bryan; Long, Kristy; Dole, Robert J., 1923; Written on front: "all our best" signed by the co-founders; Senator Dole has sponsored a scholarship and has been honored by the institute
Color; 4"x6"; Senator Bob Dole stands at a podium while giving a speech on Kansas Day. Flowers sit in the foreground.
Color; 4"x6"; Senator Elizabeth Dole stands at a podium while giving a speech on Kansas Day. Flowers sit in front of the podium.
Folder 35: Bob Dole and Bill Clinton looking at Model of World War 2 Memorial (1 image), 26 June 2000
Sen. Dole in 8x10 color photo with Brian Ruhe who demonstrated orthotic legs at 14th anniversary of Americans With Disabilities Act in Washington DC, with letter from Theodore Kassinger, deputy Secretary of Commerce
Color, 8 x 10", landscape, Dole, Robert J., 1923-; Dole is standing in the center of several unidentified men at Ground Zero after the fall of the Twin Towers
Notes: Occasion of the State of the Union Address -- Another photo showing Dole and Bushes at same occasion is in VIP 1 box -- Inscriptions: To Bob Dole with best wishes, George Bush Laura Bush
Color, 8 x 10", landscape, Dole, Robert J., 1923-; Bush, George W. (George Walker), 1946-; President Bush is holding One Soldier's Story, the photo was taken in the White House, Dole is holding a pen and has his hand on his chest, Inscriptions: On Front of photo: To Bob- Best wishes always, George Bush
President George W. Bush poses in the oval office with members of the Commission on Care for Americas Returning Wounded Warriors. Inscriptions: Lorrie McHugh- Communications Director, Sue Hosek- Deputy Director, Marie Michnich- Executive Director, Donna Shalala-Co Chair, Karen Guice- Deputy Director, Marion Watkins- Sen. Dole's Liaison, Col. Denise Dailey- Designated Federal Official. Official White House photo by Eric Draper. Inscription on front, To Bob Dole with best wishes, [Signed] "George Bush"
Item 3: President George W. Bush meets with Commission co-chairs, Dole and Shalala. 3/7/2007. Color photograph showing President George W. Bush meeting with Commission co-chairs, Sen. Bob Dole and Donna Shalala in the White House on March 7, 2007. All are standing. Dole is wearing a rose-colored tie. A portrait of George Washington hangs over the fireplace nearby. Official White House photo by Eric Draper. The photo is inscribed on front: "To Bob-Thanks for serving, again. Best always ,George Bush."
Item 4: President George W. Bush and Senator Dole Shake Hands. 10/16/2007. Color 8 x 10 photograph shows President George W. Bush shaking hands with Senator Bob Dole on Oct 16, 2007. Official White House photograph by Eric Draper. On lower margin is written in ink: To Bob-Thanks for leading again-G.W. Bush"
Notes: Medal of Freedom Award -- Inscriptions: To Bob- You were flawless taking the oath! Where are my TV contracts? -Bill Clinton
Color, 8" x 10", Official White House Photo, Dole, Robert J., Clinton, Bill, 1946-; Bob Dole is at the podium giving a thumbs up as Clinton claps. Dole just received the Medal of Freedom.
4x6 color shot of Dole holding a check for $90,000 from above Committee, with Board Chair Ahmad Sbaiti at Marriott Hotel in Washington DC, with news story by Nizar Wattad
4x6 color shot of Dole being interviewed after thanking ADC for a check for $90,000 from above Committee, with an Arab medical doctor,at Marriott Hotel in Washington DC, with news story by Nizar Wattad
Color; Landscape; 8"x10"; Dole, Robert J. 1923-; Daschle, Thomas; Lott, Trent, 1941-; Senators Bob Dole, Tom Daschle, and Trent Lott hold a picture of the Capitol building. Senator Dole spoke as part of the Leader's Lecture in the Old Senate Chamber. There is a chair, desk, and curtains behind the senators.
Color; landscape; 8"x10"; Dole, Robert J. 1923-; Daschle, Thomas; Lott, Trent, 1941-; Senator Bob Dole waves to the audience after giving the Leader's Lecture in the Old Senate Chamber in the U.S. Capitol. Senators Tom Daschle and Trent Lott stand on opposite sides of Dole clapping. There is a chair, desk, and curtains behind them.
Color; Landscape; 8"x10"; Nickles, Donald Lee; ___; Gorton, Slade, 1928-; Dole, Elizabeth Hanford; Domenici, Pete; Brownback, Sam, 1956-; Burns, Conrad; Dole, Robert J. 1923-; Collins, Susan, 1952-; Stevens, Ted; Grams, Rod; ____; Senator Dole spoke as part of the Leader's Lecture in the Old Senate Chamber. Bob and Elizabeth Dole are in the forefront sitting in chairs with a desk in front of them. Bob Dole smiles at the camera. Elizabeth Dole looks at Bob Dole. The other senators stand behind them and clap.
Folder 34: Speeches- Dole Lecture and booksigning, Dole Institute of Politics, 26 Apr 2005 (3 images)
Item 1: Senator Dole with Senators Howard Baker and Sen. Mitch McConnell. 8" x 10" color photo showing Republican Senate Leader, Mitch McConnell standing with Senator Howard Baker and Senator Robert Dole. The photo is signed by McConnell and inscribed: "To my buddy Bob-the longest serving GOP LEADER OF US ALL- Mitch McConnell Republican Leader 2009" [A handwritten and signed note from Sen. McConnell to Bob [Dole] dated 5/9/09 accompanies the photograph. It reads: "Dear Bob-Thanks for your visit and giving me the heads up about what you've been doing on health care. It meant a lot to me. Mitch" Accession #2009-14.
Plaque on a tree written in Italian and English; "On this site, theater of the atrocities of the second world war, Lieutenant ROBERT DOLE, member of the 10th Mountain Division was seriously wounded while fighting for the freedom of our town. The citizens of Castel d'Aiano, as a token of their eternal gratitude, dedicate this plaque in recognition of his valor and of the sacrifices of all the soldiers and civilians who fell fighting for freedom. Castel d'Aiano, 14 aprile 1995"; Similar photo shows plaque more closely
Black and White; 8"x10"; landscape; pinhole on top left; tape damage on back; creases throughout; Dole, Robert J., 1923-; Congressman Bob Dole at the Buddhist Temple at Buddha-Gaya, Bihar. Another man is standing with him looking at a statue of Gautama Buddha. Inscription on back states, " CONGRESSMAN DOLE IN THE FAMOUS BUDDHIST TEMPLE AT BUDDHA-GAYA, BIHAR STATE."; Photo credit to R.N. Khanna
Black and White; 8"x10"; landscape; pinholes in top left and right corners; tape damage on back; Dole, Robert J., 1923-; Inscription states, "CONGRESSMAN ROBERT J. DOLE VIEWS A TEST (PUBLIC) WORKS PROJECT IN GAYA DISTRICT, BIHAR STATE." He is having a conversation with three men in the background as men work on the project.; Photo credit to R.N. Khanna
Color, 8 x 10", landscape, Dole, Robert J., 1923-; Soldiers, Bob Dole is standing with seven soldiers in uniform in Bosnia
COMPUTER: Mission Berlin. November 9, Eight thirty pm. You've got 30 minutes to save Germany. You've got to get a move on.
Episode 23 See You Later Anna hitches a ride on the back of a scooter to get to Bernauer Straße. Her helper is Emre Ogur who wishes her luck in Berlin. But will she need more than that to escape the woman
Informations collected on this form are saved in a file computerized by AGENCE ANDAON to manage your . They are kept for the time necessary to manage your application in compliance with applicable legal requirements and are intended for our advisors.. In accordance with the law \"Informatique et Libertés\", you can exercise your right of access to your data and modified them by contacting: AGENCE ANDAON 48 rue Joseph Vernet 84000 Avignon
Due to the interruptions of the electricity provision, Nar network switched to the enhanced mode. The mobile operator takes all the necessary measure to maintain the flawless provision of high-quality telecommunication services.
Axar.az reports that although the electricity provision was shut down during the night, the major part of the Nar network stood operationally and continued to serve the customers. Currently, overall service rate of the Nar network is satisfactory; maintenance works continue in some regions.
Informations collected on this form are saved in a file computerized by Cabinet Faudais Saint-Lô to manage your . They are kept for the time necessary to manage your application in compliance with applicable legal requirements and are intended for our advisors.. In accordance with the law \"Informatique et Libertés\", you can exercise your right of access to your data and modified them by contacting: Cabinet Faudais Saint-Lô 18 Place du Champ de Mars 50000 Saint Lo
Romain Grosjean is eager to help develop the new Renault car ahead of his first full Formula One pre-season.
Despite Renault changing identity to Lotus for next season, Grosjean has worked with the team in its current guise as he took part in two Friday practice sessions in 2011. Having been announced as a race driver for the team alongside Kimi Raikkonen, Grosjean said that he had taken a look at the new car with the team and that the previous experience should be beneficial.
"The good thing for me is that I have already worked with the team at the end of last season," Grosjean said. "I met with the guys last week, and also had a chance to go into the wind tunnel and see next year's car. It is always something special for a driver to see the car being developed and to meet the people working so hard to give us a good car for next year."
Grosjean also said that he would be looking to have as much input in to the car's development as possible during the three pre-season tests.
"I will be looking to give the best I can to help the team develop the car as much as possible before Melbourne. Testing is essential in preparing for the season ahead, and I am really looking forward to working with the guys and giving feedback on the car so that we can be ready for Australia. Also, each driver will only get 6 days of running before the start of the season, so every kilometre in testing will have to be useful."
Michael Ruane has lived most of his life in poker obscurity, exactly how he wanted it. But those days are gone now that he's in the November Nine.
Two-time World Series of Poker bracelet-winner Cliff Josephy is the chip leader of the 2016 WSOP main event, which reached its final table Monday.
Vojtech Ruzicka leads with 27 players left in the 2016 WSOP main event, with 50-year-old and two-time bracelet-winner Cliff Josephy just behind him.
Players near the bottom of the chip counts on Day 6 of the WSOP main event have a paradox -- they're still in, but their chances of advancing are slim.
Jerry Wong is one of three players with at least 10 million chips going into Day 6 of the 2016 WSOP main event, but it's a tight race up top.
The Blues have the talent and an excellent coach in Tana Umaga, but they'll need strong leadership if they're to succeed in Super Rugby -- Craig Dowd writes.
Clear outsiders before naming their squad, the Jaguares sat at $251 to take the title; but with the naming of 23 Pumas stars in their squad, they are now one of the most favoured teams.
Super Rugby enters its 21st season this week, but there is no reason to party as expansion has made the competition woefully lopsided, Greg Growden writes.
Eddie Jones is set to shake up England, but how did an Aussie youngster who grew up loving cricket morph into the hardened leader the rugby world knows today?
We take a look back through John Mitchell's coaching career, beginning with that stint in charge of the All Blacks.
We use own and third party cookies to improve your user experience and our services, analyzing users' browsing in our website. If you continue browsing, we will consider that you consent to its use. You can get further information in our Cookies Policy
Reckless speeding biker boards on-coming boat using his head. SPLAT! Australia 0 November 1st 16 09:12 AM
Reckless speeding drunk drug addict Harley biker arrested by curb. SPLAT! Australia 0 November 1st 16 08:45 AM
Two prison-tatted up reckless biker retards got killed today. SPLAT! Australia 0 November 1st 16 08:29 AM
Reckless speeding Mexican biker hits curb,murders his female passenger. It's okay, he's dead too. SPLAT! Australia 0 November 1st 16 08:02 AM
Reckless speeding lane-splitting biker "Changed!" by drunk immigrantMexican woman. SPLAT! Australia 0 November 1st 16 08:02 AM
As mentioned here recently, the inaugural Ravi Sankaran Memorial Lecture was given by historian Mahesh Rangarajan during the Student Conference in Conservation Science in Bangalore a couple of weeks ago. The entire lecture is now available on youtube for those of us who were not able to attend in person. It is a long video, but well worth the listen, so settle down with this when you have an hour or so free:
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged birds, conservation, India, memory, people, reconciliation ecology, video on August 21, 2012 by Madhusudan Katti.
I just read the very sad news that Professor Elinor Ostrom, the first woman to win the Nobel Prize in Economics (in 2009), and an inspiration to many of us struggling to understand and transform the dynamically intertwined human and natural systems, passed away earlier this morning, after a battle with cancer at age 78. She was a remarkable scholar whose life’s work demonstrated that the tragedy of the commons was not an inevitability, but something that people had very often found ways to avoid by building a diversity of institutions for governing the commons for the benefit of all instead of mere private profit for a few. Here she is, in a simple short video, explaining the basic concept of how truly sustainable development can avoid the tragedy of the commons:
I last met Lin Ostrom a little over a year ago, very briefly, in a hallway in Arizona State University’s Memorial Union, in one of the interstices of the Resilience 2011 conference (I shared my talk here). I remember well my nervous thrill at getting to shake the hand of a Nobel Prize winner (my previous meeting with her, which I’m not sure she remembered, had been well before she won the prize) for the first time in my life! She, of course, was very kind and disarming and took a few minutes to sit down and talk to me about our shared connections. My last postdoc mentor, Marty Anderies, is one of her close disciples/collaborators, and I am grateful to him for introducing me to her work, which I consider one of the truly transformational influences in my life. She was happy to hear how one of Marty’s postdocs was now doing in trying to apply some of her ideas to urban water and biodiversity issues. We also talked about one of my newer collaborators, Harini Nagendra, who worked closely with Lin in studying the governance of forest ecosystems in India and Nepal. She told me how she looked forward to speaking with Harini, now based in Bangalore, during their weekly Skype conferences! I wish I had had more opportunities to get to know this truly remarkable, inspirational woman, but am glad I was at least able to meet with her and speak to her on a couple of occasions. One must make the most of whatever chance happenstance grants one a brush with true greatness.
Her website at Indiana University has more details of her life (and death), with links to videos of other talks, photos, and texts. CHANS-Net, the International Network of Research on Coupled Human and Natural Systems, offers this obituary.
If you want to know more about her work, start with her landmark book Governing the Commons, which should really be required reading for all ecologists, especially those who are enamored of the more cynical and popular “tragedy of the commons” meme. Anyone concerned about how to build a more sustainable world, who calls themselves an ecologist/conservation biologist/environmentalist/green activist/deep ecologist really must read her work. It took the Nobel committee long enough to recognize the value of her work at a time when the world’s economies are crumbling under the dictates of the very free-market Chicago-school economists they’ve rewarded far more often. We ecologists had better pay good attention to her work as well, and absorb and internalize her deep insights, as we go about trying to find ways to build a better, more sustainable, more biologically diverse, and more environmentally equitable world. She would have liked to see us try, harder.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged commons, ecology, economics, governance, memory, resilience on June 13, 2012 by Madhusudan Katti.
Sad times indeed, now that Adrienne Rich too has disappeared. At least we still have her powerful voice with us… if only we choose to listen.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged memory, poetry, video on March 29, 2012 by Madhusudan Katti.
That wonderfully evocative description, in a paragraph about of a cup of chai being made, can be used to describe this entire piece of memoir written by my friend Samina Najmi. It is a beautiful, moving piece about place, displacement, and family, about how families are torn apart, scattered, and brought together in strange, heartbreaking, beautiful ways. And if you let Samina’s words catch the light as you read, they too glitter like a garnet waterfall. Here’s a taste – but go read the whole thing:
But my great­est con­nec­tion with Abdul cen­tered on our com­mon love of strong, hot tea, no mat­ter how warm the day. He would come in from the bal­cony and, eyes shin­ing brightly, ask: “Should I make some chai?” Most of the time I said yes because I wanted it, and some­times I said yes so he could jus­tify mak­ing him­self a cup. He would make his way to the kitchen and put his favored ket­tle on the stove. It was a small, alu­minum ket­tle with a han­dle that was nei­ther heat-resistant nor firmly attached to the body of the con­tainer and a lid that had an inde­pen­dent life, falling out entirely if you poured at too steep an angle. The ket­tle wavered threat­en­ingly as you guided boil­ing hot water out of its spout and at the same time tried to keep the lid from unleash­ing its scald­ing breath on your hand. Abdul, who dis­missed any glossy whistling ket­tles that my mother or I might have tried to foist upon him, would grasp the over­heated han­dle with one of his many rags, his thin, unsteady hand dan­gling the ket­tle over the teapot. Loose Lip­ton tea leaves awaited as he poured the hot water into the teapot and placed an embroi­dered tea cozy over it to keep it warm–even if he him­self was swel­ter­ing. While the tea steeped, he would heat the buf­falo milk my father had pur­chased from the neigh­bor­ing farm that very dawn. Then out came the mis­matched china cups, into which Abdul would pour the rich, aro­matic tea through a strainer. If it caught the light while he poured, the tea would glit­ter like a gar­net water­fall. Then Abdul would plop milk and sugar into each cup to suit his own taste. He often car­ried sev­eral cups of tea as they chat­tered with their com­pan­ion saucers on a tray, an ensem­ble that made its way trem­blingly to the liv­ing room.
If you’re still lingering here (why?), instead of clicking on the above link to read all of Abdul’s story, allow me to add a personal note of thanks to Samina for catalyzing my own (rather less glittering) forays into more personal memoir-ish writing (especially on this blog of late). As you may have gathered, like so many of us in the diaspora, I too have been preoccupied with questions of place, displacement, home, and identity amid our globally scattered lives. Samina has been a good friend to talk with about some of these notions, over not nearly enough cups of chai (will have to remedy that when I get back to Fresno next week!). She also inspired my very first piece of such personal (as in not having to do with ecology, or science, or my work in any direct way) writing in this post over on Reconciliation Ecology written after my first visit to her home.
The past several weeks have been difficult ones. I write this as a note of thanks to all of our global villagers who have rallied around us in the wake of my mother’s passing two weeks ago. I wrote to keep my anguish at bay while I traveled to her deathbed, and then shared what I wrote as a way to shield myself from having to relive the horror of what happened in the retelling to all the friends who would want to know, to share the grief, to express condolences. I am not very good with the spoken word, especially under such trying circumstances, but seem to have found a better outlet in writing. I am grateful to everyone who read and left comments and condolences, on this blog, on my facebook wall, in emails, and telephone conversations. Thank you, those of you who knew her, and also those who didn’t know her and don’t even really know me, but have shared my grief. I have been overwhelmed that so many tell me my writing touched them, moved them to tears, and in those tears I hope to drown the flames that took my mother.
While I am bad at knowing what to say to people expressing condolences and sympathy, it is even harder to respond to the many who said they would pray for her, and me, and said “may god rest her soul in peace”. I turned away from religion a long time ago, as did my siblings. Even Aai, who had followed many a ritual in our childhoods as a matter of course, had given up her pujas and prayers over the past couple of decades, preferring instead to read Marxist accounts of our cultural evolution such as “Volga te Ganga” (Marathi for Volga to Ganga), and writing angry feminist notes in her notebooks raging against the patriarchy. That is, when she wasn’t worshipping at the television altar of that other reigning religion in India: cricket. I am not sure, therefore, what she would have said to those wishing her soul peace in god, for she too believed in neither soul nor god.
Some of her loss of faith I know about from conversations we had during college days, when we, her kids, brought back what we were discovering in science and philosophy, following the path she herself had set us out on in insisting we become scholars. At least after she had reconciled herself to my failure to become a doctor, her first and biggest ambition. It was that disappointment, deepening through years of frustration at my lack of financial success, which made it difficult in later years for me to talk to her about anything as exalted as faith or souls. Reading some of her notes now, I regret not having been able to engage her in conversations deeper than the ones we had about mundane things. I do know, though, that she never really went back to her seasonal religious rituals, and only wanted to do the bare minimum asked for by society even when her husband died seven years ago.
Some of the nurses tried to tell us that in her delirium in the ICU, before she slipped into unconsciousness, she had blurted out something about god, and had appeared to be chanting some religious hymns. Did she turn back to religion and rediscover god in her final moments, as we atheists are told is inevitable? I don’t know. My sister, who was with her, talking to her, holding her hand as she fell into her final sleep, doesn’t recount god figuring much in their conversation. Vaijoo said Aai held her hand to her heart and asked her what was happening, why she had gathered friends and relatives, was she going to die, was this the end? Earlier, looking at the burned skin on her arms while on the way to the ICU, she had laughed at the absurdity of her accident. Now it had sunk in, and perhaps she was afraid that this was it, there was no coming back from this. What will happen next, she asked Vaijoo. Masking her own emotional distress, Vaijoo said she didn’t know, but that a lot of people who loved her were gathered outside, including her beloved brother whom she hadn’t seen in 20 years, and that her son was also on his way to be with her shortly. She squeezed her hand, looked into her eyes, told her to rest, try to be calm, and go to sleep. Then the doctor came, gently slipped Aai’s hand out of Vaijoo’s and into his own and told her he would stay until she was fully asleep.
That was the last lucid conversation my mother had, hardly regaining consciousness at all over the next 36 hours before she was gone. I don’t know how much room there was for god or religion in the cracks of her fading consciousness, nor do I find much solace in seeking out god to explain the accident that took her from us. Nevertheless, I deeply appreciate the sentiment from friends and strangers who said they prayed for her. Rituals of mourning are, after all, more for the still living left behind by the dead. So, thank you again, my friends, for your condolences.
I also find greater comfort in knowing something I know would have evoked wonder and awe in her spirit as well: that we are all made of stardust, that, as my favorite contemporary preacher put it (at c.2:40 in the following video), “Not only do we exist in this universe, it is the universe itself that exists within us“. So allow me to leave you with these cosmic (and hopefully not too disturbing) thoughts from Neil DeGrasse Tyson:
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged atheism, cosmos, grief, memory on February 11, 2012 by Madhusudan Katti.
Among some of my other character flaws, my parents instilled in me a lifelong passion for the game of cricket, turned me quite early into another hopeless fan of the habitually hapless Indian cricket team. Didn’t do a lot to encourage me to actually learn to play the sport with any level of skill, mind you – for that couldn’t possibly be my studious brahmin destiny; I was meant to be a Doctor! Mere hopeless passionate fandom it was for me when it came to cricket.
Many a times in my childhood, long before anyone in our neighborhood had television, Aai and Appa woke me up in the wee hours, or let me stay up into the wee hours, to follow the Indian team’s often dismal exploits on tours abroad. We would cluster around the shortwave radio, fiddle with the dial to try and catch distant crackling voices, from Australia, England, the West Indies, New Zealand, narrating the ebbs and flows of 5-day test matches from remote, exotic sounding cities and hallowed cricket grounds. I would let the commentators conjure up in my sleepy head images of Sunil Gavaskar’s perfect straight drive, Gundappa Vishwanath’s delicate late cut, Erapalli Prasanna putting the ball into magical flight. More often though, we would be cursing and groaning at why the batsmen kept hanging their bat outside the off-stump, gasping when they were trying to avoid body blows from the fast bowlers, moaning at how our bowling lacked any pace at all on those zippy foreign pitches, sighing in the habitual resignation of the Indian fan. And we would cling to that shining individual performance – that hundred from Sunny or Vishy, that five-wicket haul from the crazy spinning wrists of Chandrashekhar – even as the team as a whole routinely got thrashed outside home grounds, and sometimes even at home. You can only imagine how we celebrated when the team actually won a game or even a rare series or trophy!
I drifted away from the sport in the 1990s, having moved to America where they were passionate about stranger ballgames that could never capture my passion like cricket had. By then television had already replaced radio commentary (especially of the short-wave variety which proved impossible to catch in America), but there was no internet yet, with its covert video streams of live matches, and textual coverage on cricinfo. So I missed the first decade of the breathtaking career of that reigning star (nay, supernova) in the cricketing firmament: Sachin Tendulkar. I would read about him, try to catch glimpses of his magic with the bat whenever I was home in Bombay, hear about him on the phone from Aai and Appa, who were becoming part of the countless legions of his fans. It was his odds-defying boy-on-the-burning-deck exploits that rallied the nation even as the team continued to perform poorly, especially overseas. I am sure my parents continued to wake up in the wee hours, huddled around the TV now, hot cups of tea warming their hands, to watch Sachin bat, just like they had listened for Sunny’s straight drive a generation ago.
Judge their parenting as you may, but walking into school bleary-eyed, and dozing through classes until recess because of having stayed/woken up late/early, was as much a part of the rituals that punctuated my childhood as the series of festivals and holidays we all celebrated. And often, as we wanted to be awake for the more excitingly anticipated games, Aai would make us cups of hot tea, with just that perfect blend of milky sweetness I now try to recreate in California when I’m up again in the wee hours trying to desperately tune into some (pirated) live video stream on the internet showing me my beloved team’s exploits, which had become hugely better during this millennium even as Sachin continued to pile on the records.
I now know that on that fateful tuesday morning last week, Aai had woken up early again because she wanted to watch her beloved Sachin walk out in whites in Adelaide, in his last test match in Australia, still chasing that record 100th international century that has eluded him for almost a year now. No doubt she too had held her breath, like a billion others, every time he walked out to bat during that year, only to let it out in disappointment as he continued to sparkle in patches, but never quite seemed able to reignite the fire that had led him to this threshold of glory: the first (and likely only, for a while, or ever) batsman in the game to score 100 centuries in international games. An arbitrary landmark in so many ways, yet it kept him, his fans, and my Aai, on tenterhooks match after match, even as the rest of the team too crumpled after the glory of winning the World Cup last year, to now lose two major test series abroad in a row. Not merely lose, but lose by huge margins, getting a thrashing as bad as any I can remember even in previous generations. This farewell Australian tour for Sachin and his generation had already piled on plenty of misery. The series was lost. All that remained was the hope that he would get to that individual landmark.
She woke up early to catch the start of the Adelaide test beaming live on the television. And, as usual, she went to make herself a cup of tea. Perhaps she was too distracted by the game to notice her sari catch fire. The Indian team’s misery continued over the next four days while she battled for her life in the hospital. They lost the match not too long after she gave up her life. Sachin once again did not manage to reach his coveted, cursed 100th hundred.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged cricket, memory, personal on January 29, 2012 by Madhusudan Katti.
Ingredients of life and death for women in India. Elements of sustenance, and of nightmares. Fatal accidents, not uncommon… often but euphemisms, for suicides, for dowry deaths.
She had escaped one such accident, I dimly remember, back in my childhood when all we had was a pump-action kerosene stove. Her pallu (that lovely, deadly, end of the sari that women fly like a banner across their shoulders…) caught the flames. She was alert and quick enough to unravel the sari and drop it to the floor even as my sister ran to stomp on the flames.
She’s much older now, bent with age, and chose to live on her own some years after my father died. Tired of being cramped in her daughter’s small apartment, perhaps. More likely – simply, finally, wanting that room of her own. She seemed happier being on her own too, by all accounts, although it was harder for me to reach her on the phone. It is the phone that brought me, in fragmented conversations laden with shock, despair, anguish, news of her latest brush with sari, stove, fire.
She woke up early that morning, as usual. And as usual, she needed her morning cup of tea. On a gas stove this time. I’m not sure if it was the pallu this time, or gas in the air from her having left the valve open too long. There was a flash, perhaps a small explosion which blew out windowpanes. And her sari was in flames, spreading too fast for her slowed reflexes to stop them. Yet she remained alert and strong and practical (she always was practical) enough to open the door and shout for help. Help, from neighbors, my sister, even the police, arrived within minutes – yet too late for her skin. perhaps too late for her life…
Emergency medical care. Hospitals. Nightmares of their own for most in modern India (Shining). Police investigating the fire sent her off to the ill-equipped, overloaded civil hospital. In my sister’s car since the ambulance didn’t show up in time. Several hours she sat in that hospital, mostly unattended. She is too old the doctor said, to hope for recovery from such burns. Even though she was still talking, even laughing at the absurdity of the accident. Take her to the national burn center in Airoli, they said. She is too old, said the burn center over the phone, filtering her out in their triage… over the phone… Seventy-three is old in India, to the surprise of my American friends. Human life is abundant in my bustling country. Abundant, and cheap. And ages rapidly. Too abundant, too cheap, in a culture too fatalistic for anyone to do anything about the ever-present epidemic of sari, stove, gas, fire. Accidents, real, and also staged, murders labeled ‘dowry deaths’. So at 73, she is too old for anyone to give any hope of recovery. Even as she lies in a private hospital bed, conscious, in pain. Alert enough to ask if she can sleep. In control enough to ask if she can sit up upon waking. Although 95 of her skin has peeled off, and the doctors won’t offer any hope at least until the first 48 hours have passed. As I write this, in the airport, waiting to board my flight from America to go see her, it has been 40 hours since the fire. She is fighting for her life.
About 6 hours after I arrived at her bedside, tried to get her attention, she finally gave up the fight. It turned out to be too much even for her stubborn self. She did hang on long enough for me to reach her while she was still alive, barely. Whether she registered my presence at any level of consciousness, I cannot begin to guess. All I know is: Aai is no more. She fought the effects of that devastating fire for 3 full days. I have just consigned her to the flames again, beseeching Agni to finish the job.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged grief, memory, personal on January 26, 2012 by Madhusudan Katti.
Once, flocks of over 1 billion passenger pigeons darkened the skies for days. By 1900, a 14-year-old boy shot the last one. How did this happen?
The Lost Bird Project is a documentary about the stories of five birds driven to extinction in modern times and sculptor Todd McGrain’s project to memorialize them. The film follows McGrain as he searches for the locations where the birds were last seen in the wild and negotiates for permission to install his large bronze sculptures there.
McGrain’s aim in placing the sculptures is to give presence to the birds where they are now so starkly absent. “These birds are not commonly known,” he says, “and they ought to be, because forgetting is another kind of extinction. It’s such a thorough erasing.”
McGrain’s passion for form is apparent when he speaks of the physicality of a life of sculpting. “Touch is literally the way we come in contact with the world.” The memorials are not naturalistic works of biological detail, McGrain’s intention is to create shapes that capture the presence of the birds, to make them personal and palpable, to remind us of their absence.
Travelling all the way from the tropical swamps of Florida to the rocky coasts of Newfoundland, McGrain scouts locations, talks to park rangers and speaks at town meetings in an effort to gather support for his project. His memorials now stand in the places where the birds once socialized, courted and fed their young — a testament to what we have lost and a reminder to preserve what we have left.
The film is an elegy to the five birds and a thoughtful and sometimes humorous look at the artist and his mission. The Lost Bird Project is a film about public art, extinction and memory
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged art, extinction, film, memory on December 2, 2011 by Madhusudan Katti.
“Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life’s change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.” – he said, while speaking of his own first brush with that change agent. And now that single biggest invention of Life has taken perhaps the single biggest inventor of our times.
Way to “stay hungry, stay foolish”, Mr. Jobs… right up until the day you die (how many called Apple foolish for releasing merely an iPhone 4S just yesterday?). You certainly made a dent in my universe. Rest in peace.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged memory, technology, video on October 6, 2011 by Madhusudan Katti.
Many will remember his more magnificent classical musical performances, running out of adjectives to describe the wonderful voice, its fantastic range, and his scarcely credible control over it. For me, though, this particular song, an invocation to goddess Laxmi, remains the one that has resonated throughout my life. It is perhaps one of the few things that still marks me out as a Kannadiga – that I can’t help but be moved by the devotion in this song! I grew up listening to my mother sing a version of it, she who was also trained in the same vocal tradition as Pandit Bhimsen Joshi; eventually, through my inadequate education into Indian classical music, I came to love his rendition of this classic. Years later, as a father walking around the house late at night to calm a cranky infant in my arms, I discovered that his voice had even more amazing powers: somehow this song, his voice, worked wonders that no lullaby could, instantly calming down both our daughters in their infancy! I am told that we even have a distant family connection with the maestro (genetically I am a Joshi, although my father got adopted into the Katti clan), through my paternal grandmother – but that is not the only reason why I can feel his rich voice resonating in my very bones.
A true musical highlight of my life: a concert he performed over 20 years ago on the shores of Dal lake in Srinagar, Kashmir. It was 1989, the last summer before the insurgency began, when the corrupt state government was making ever more desperate attempts to hold things together and bring in tourists. One of the incredible things they did was to team up with the Times of India, which was celebrating its 150th year, to host a series of classical music concerts at open air venues throughout the valley, free to the public, with transportation provided by the state! Not sure who thought that would calm the waters of the seething unrest, but I remain grateful for some truly wonderful musical experiences. The most magical was an evening in a park at the edge of Dal lake, with the lake and the mountains providing a magnificent background appropriate to his rich voice. And, as he got us deeper into the spell he was weaving, to the monsoon raga Megha Malhar, I remember monsoonal thunderclouds gathering over the lake behind us, catching the last rays of the sun, adding their own percussion to accompany his voice! It was July, and the mountains do get thunderstorms in the evenings anyway, sure – but surely his voice alone had summoned the very elements that evening, and all the troubles of the valley were washed away for a night. I still shiver thinking about the experience, feel the electricity of the evening.
Pandit Bhimsen Joshi is no more today. Here’s one short account of his remarkable journeys through an astonishing life. May his voice, at least, remain with us forever…
UPDATE: Aai (mom in Marathi) reminds me that the relation is not all that distant – Pandit Bhimsen Joshi was actually my Ajji’s (grandmother’s) cousin! He was also married to another cousin of hers (cousin marriages were common in that part of the country) – although that arranged marriage was a miserable one for the poor woman shackled to this freewheeling free-spirited (pun very much intended) mercurial genius. As a child I even visited his house for a wedding it seems, but clearly well before any lasting memories formed in my brain. How I wish I had remembered the exact family connection when I saw him in Kashmir!
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged India, memory, music on January 24, 2011 by Madhusudan Katti.
How an effective drought reshapes an urban bird community (a thesis seminar) | Reconciliation Ecology on As Ecosystems, Cities Yield Some Surprises – a report on the ULTRA-Ex symposia at ESA 2011
How an effective drought reshapes an urban bird community (a thesis seminar) | Reconciliation Ecology on Resilience in an urban socioecological system: water management as a driver of landscape and biodiversity in the Fresno-Clovis Metropolitan Area, California.
Holy Hannah, are people actually reading these news posts?! We've had quite the influx of views on our website and I'd like to start posting more often, but I don't really know what to post! Let me know if you have any suggestions of what you'd like to see!
Things are moving quickly with Aground! We have 16 days left in our Kickstarter campaign and we're almost at the 75% mark! It's crazy :D
Have you joined our discord? Did you donate to the KS? I've turned comments on for these news posts now if you'd like to interact with me and Aaron here :)
We have partnered with Fancy Fish Games to create a wonderful survival game tentatively called 'Aground'! It's still being refined and tweaked, but check out David (of FFG) on twitter for more information and a sneak peek!
We intended this release as a fun, topical game to test the waters of game distribution; this being the first game we've taken fully to completion. We've had some successes and a lot of setbacks, but it was a good learning experience. A big thank you to everyone who downloaded, played, rated and reviewed the game (especially the good reviews, but also bad ones with good criticism). Click on one of the four buttons below to try it out!
While it is not known the amount testosterone is excreted in human milk, breastfeeding Women of all ages shouldn't make use of the drug due to prospective hurt it poses to infants. Testosterone is usually known to negatively have an effect on lactation.
Immediately after six months of cure, obstructive sleep apnea developed in one gentleman and markedly worsened in One more in Affiliation with testosterone administration. The two also had considerably diminished oxygen degrees and created cardiac arrhythmias through slumber.
Q: A 38 calendar year outdated male started a testosterone patch two weeks back, as concentrations ended up low In keeping with a blood check. It looks like he has received lots of fat, and it looks like muscle mass. Could this be the case?
When needed, testosterone substitution therapy (TRT) can boost T ranges back to usual and return him to The person he used to be.
The conclusions led researchers to feel that not only can testosterone trigger most cancers on its own, nonetheless it also can accelerate tumor growth in the presence of other carcinogens. Even low doses on the hormone substitution drug had been ample to build tumors, in accordance with the review.
Q: I was placed on Androderm twice and equally times I had weak erections and depressed feelings. Is this relevant to utilizing testosterone? It happens appropriate after I use it, in just 24 several hours.
A stroke takes place when blood vessels that supply the brain with oxygen and nutrients turn out to be blocked by clots (ischemic stroke) or rupture (hemorrhagic stroke), triggering Mind cells in the affected area to die.
In case you wonder no matter whether testosterone therapy might be best for you, talk with your health care provider regarding the pitfalls and Added benefits. these details Your health care provider will very likely evaluate your testosterone levels not less than 2 times right before speaking about regardless of whether testosterone therapy is undoubtedly an option for you.
Still the health advantages of testosterone therapy for age-relevant decrease in testosterone usually are not as obvious as They could seem to be. Learn what is actually recognized — rather than recognized — about testosterone therapy for usual getting older.
In 2015, the FDA issued steerage advising clinicians towards the overuse of testosterone therapy as it has been associated with a heightened visit the website possibility of stroke and coronary heart assault.
A: Androderm comes in the shape of the transdermal patch which is utilized for testosterone substitution therapy in individuals who've inadequate amounts of testosterone. Testosterone is actually a web link hormone manufactured in the human body that plays a vital job in lots of physiological processes in Adult men. In some Guys, however, the body won't produce ample of your hormone, ensuing in a number of symptoms which includes diminished libido, erectile dysfunction, muscle mass decline, anemia and depression, among Other folks. Androderm can help treat these signs and raise reduced testosterone amounts by delivering therapeutic amounts of the hormone, that are absorbed with the skin. Based on the prescribing data for Androderm, melancholy was a noted side effect of the medication.
Even though some Adult males feel that having testosterone prescription drugs may perhaps assistance them experience youthful plus much more vigorous because they age, handful of rigorous reports have examined testosterone therapy in Gentlemen that have wholesome testosterone levels.
In comparison with subjects using a placebo, Adult males taking the testosterone medications ended up 5 times as prone to practical experience intense coronary heart problems such as congestive heart failure.
Open up the clips on the extensions. Align the tops from the hair extensions with the horizontal aspect you've created, and gently thrust down to snap the clips into spot.
5. Implement the second extension layer with the 4-clip panel. Commence by permitting your hair down and creating A different horizontal component.
Action 26: Snap the clip closed and easy hair with fingers or possibly a brush. Acquire down the remainder of your hair and style as preferred.
Moreover, the care instructions are specified in get to ensure that the clip in hair extensions make you appear gorgeous for a longer span of your time and doesn’t don off as a consequence of Erroneous servicing.
many thanks for the assistance, appreciate enjoy enjoy your extensions they go reaaallly very good with ur pure hair!! :)
Monitor Buy Want to examine the position of your purchase? You are able to set in your purchase range and click on look for to find the tracking facts or login your account to examine the element info.
Get an instantaneously glam volumised hair doo with our uncomplicated to apply warmth resistant synthetic hair extens..
• Use a lightweight conditioner, making use of a lot more toward the finishes of your hair and fewer towards the highest.
If you'd like precisely the same shine, exactly the same duration and a similar thickness, You may also use these wave or curly clip in hair extensions. You may get them in lengths starting from fourteen inches to 24 inches. Brazilian hair, remy hair ;or human hair, you can obtain them in all types. Make your self look fashionable and let everybody adore your hair Using the clip in human extensions which are very easy to dress in and have. clip in hair extensions
Hair Extensions enable persons to vary their hairstyles without the need of cutting hair and add duration, condition, design and colour in the minute! Hairextensionbuy.com is listed here to generate just about every persons can manage quality excellent Weft, Clip in hair extensions out there in several lengths, textures and colours.
Match the extensions to your true hair. Hair extensions really should blend in using your all-natural hair, which means that they must be the two a similar color and precisely the same texture/design and style.
Talk to to discover many of the extension packs of a similar coloration because each will look a bit distinctive given that These are serious hair.
To put it very simple: You'll be able to make an account in case you’re an Australian citizen or long term resident, that's 18 a long time or older which is utilized, earning not less than $three hundred per week.
Fab hair extensions are created from remy human hair at an incredibly minimal rate. Almost certainly the highest quality extensions at this cost issue.
For Naglieri, however, it is clear that there is still a great demand for intelligence tests that can help teachers better instruct children with learning problems.
Get a gift campaign "Copley at STEAM" Conditions stocks see below Sobienie game: * Continuation of one of the most successful shooters in the history of interactive entertainment Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare 2 has received numerous rave reviews both domestic and foreign gaming press, and fans of video games. * New operations. Extensive single player campaign that continues the events of the original game. * Shoulder to shoulder. Cooperative mode "special operations", which presented a number of scenarios for the two parties. As you gain experience of the soldiers, they will open more and more complex missions, as the plot interface with a single campaign, and completely independent. * Against each other. New multiplayer modes, as well as unique abilities and skills that are available only in online battles. * The risk to life. Carrying out dangerous missions in extreme conditions: in the snowy mountains, barren, even under water, players will use all the modern weapons, the latest equipment and technology. * Due to the project implemented in a variety of game modes, each of which has unique features, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 is of interest as a single game for the fans and for the players who prefer online multiplayer matches, as well as for those who choose co-op . * The project was created using advanced graphics technology that provides unsurpassed entertainment fierce battles in which players will participate. \u003cdelivery\u003e The original copy of the key, the license agreement and all copies of the software in its original packaging, you can get a convenient way for you. To do this, after payment and receiving a digital copy of the key, please contact us by email or phone. \u003c/delivery\u003e
Выполнив покупку Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare вы получаете лицензионный ключ активации моментально по факту оплаты в личном кабинете http://www.oplata.info Активация: Steam Регион: Россия и СНГ Дата выхода: 3 ноября 2014 Локализация: Русский язык Разработчики: Sledgehammer Games Издатели: Activision ►Описание игры:◄ Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare — первая игра в истории серии, которая сделана с применением трехлетнего, полностью рассчитанного на новое поколение игровых систем, цикла разработки. «Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare» демонстрирует величественный театр боевых действий будущего, где технологии и тактика эволюционировали, чтобы вступить в новую эпоху битв за право голоса. Обладатель наград Американской киноакадемии актер Кевин Спейси играет роль Джонатана Айронса — одного из самых влиятельных людей в мире, человека, создающего это завораживающее видение войны будущего. ►Особенности игры:◄ • Мощные экзоскелеты полностью меняют концепцию подготовки солдат, делая их смертоносными в бою и устраняя необходимость в отдельных воинских специализациях. Введение этого игрового элемента позволило улучшить механику перемещений игрока, добавить высокие прыжки и цепляние, систему невидимости и биомеханику, обеспечивающую непревзойденную силу, восприятие, выносливость и скорость. С развитием экзоскелетов и новой улучшенной брони и оружия каждый солдат обретает невиданную ранее тактическую свободу, независимость от ландшафта, что полностью меняет привычный для игроков Call of Duty рисунок игры во всех режимах. • Игра перенесет игроков на поле боя будущего с высокотехнологичным усовершенствованным арсеналом и набором способностей, обеспечивая их совершенно новым снаряжением, технологиями, перками и такой техникой, как ховербайки и специализированные дроны. Игроки также смогут выбирать между традиционными боеприпасами и уникальным энергетическим оружием, которое полностью меняет динамику игрового процесса. С экзоскелетами, дающими беспрецедентную мощь и тактическую свободу, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare совершает эволюцию в жанре шутера. ►Данный товар предназначен для распространения на территории России и стран СНГ (Кроме Прибалтики и Узбекистана). Мы не несем ответственности за использование товара за пределами СНГ. ~~ This is a Russian version of the game and we are NOT responsible for regional or any other restrictions!
Offices for rent, Conference rooms / Meeting rooms, Shopping and entertainment centers, Salesrooms for rent, Office centers
The MK-UBD War, or the Eight Minute War,[1] was a military conflict between Mushroom Kingdom and the United Blue Directorate, who was accused of spying on MK. Due to the small size of many of the UBD nations the Mushroom Kingdom later requested for the Federation of Buccaneers, one of their protectorates, to assist them in the war. Ironically, FoB was a merger of two alliances, one of whom was =WE=, with whom the United Blue Directorate had once shared an MDP with in the past. In their announcement the Mushroom Kingdom stated they would follow the example set forth by the New Sith Order in the NSO-CDC War and only engage the United Blue Directorate in a short, punitive engagement as well as a single term ZI for three members of the UBD (Slybomber, mdnss69, and Bahman) for their actions.
The name Eight Minute War was recommended by Arrnea, following a comment by lebubu that "[the war] was fun for a grand total of 8 minutes.' Mushroom Kingdom later made claims that one of its members, Joker (registered on the CyberNations Forums as Matthew George) claimed to have made the post suggesting that the war be called the 'Eight Minute War'. Joker disputes these claims. The war lasted a total of 3 days and ended in white peace
After three days of fighting, White Peace was concluded between the two sides. However, the nations of slybomber of Miken, nickh93 (Bahman) of Landofree, and mdnss69 of Ratheniska, as well as any UBD nation that went nuclear without provocation were sentenced to a single ZI by MK, after which they would be permitted to go free. After 3 days of fighting, mdnss69 sold all his infra, and used his remaining warchest to buy back all lost infra. Slybomber and Bahman followed suit. Also announced was a package of aid for each UBD nation that had their nukes spied away by MK without provocation. According to the UBD, this money was never paid.
Election monitoring projects have been successful in policing blatant election fraud through citizen and third-party election monitoring, but the outcomes of these elections are not always closely related to a politician’s performance. The MIT Center for Civic Media looks at ways to extend monitoring activities beyond election cycles, using it as a tool for ongoing feedback and dialogue between elected officials and their constituents
The European Journalism Centre (EJC) is an independent, international, non-profit institute dedicated to the highest standards in journalism, primarily through the further training of journalists and media professionals. Building on its extensive international network, the Centre operates as a facilitator and partner in a wide variety of training projects.
This looks like a good one for them to end with - an original sixties American garage band called Gonn, who did the song Blackout of Gretely that's on one of the Pebbles Compilations! Along with the fantastic Masonics (ex members of the Milkshakes, Headcoats, Kaisers, etc) and a young garage type band called Speak & the Spells. I'm looking foward to it!
What's anyone think? I'm just... not really feeling it. It's not bad or anything - I don't think they are capable of `bad` - I'm just not getting the hairs-on-the-back-of-my-neck thing they usually deliver at least once per album. And why's Mermaids not on it?
I was just really really looking forward to it. You know? Like Theo looks forward to a new Windows release. Don't get me wrong, it's no Vista!
I am going to see them next monday. I might buy it before then. I probably won't as I need a new work skirt more.
Sometime last year. I cant for the life of me remember where but it was fairly small and such a good gig.
Everything I've heard about it, from people listening to the leak and stuff has been great though. Might've got my hopes up.
Admittedly it took 5 or 6 listens, but if you're anything like me - ie. evangelistic Okkervil enthusiast - your neck-hairs should be permanently at attention from roughly that point onwards.
...talks about stabbing someone in this interview. http://www.playgroundmisnomer.com/2011/08/25/songwriter-spotlight-will-sheff-okkervil-river-soundtown/
despite being a massive OR fan - I saw them 6 or 7 times on that crazy long for Stage Names / Stand Ins - this album totally passed me by
It came out when I had money to buy music and no decent internet access to spotify it enough to form any judgement. Last FM tells me I've listened to it twice but I honestly couldn't tell you anything about it. Is it good?
Don't think I'm even going to get to see them tour it. Missed the London show in May because it was the same night as Handsome Furs, which I already had a ticket for, and they're playing Glasgow in a week or two but I'm already going there tomorrow night for Los Campesinos! and I can't afford both. Sadface.
I too haven't really listened to it much even though I LOVE/LOVED OR. Might give it another listen today. I like the opening track.
and I couldn't tell you anything about it. I could probably sing along with a chorus if I put it on now, but otherwise...
I don't get it, I've always dug OR but I just feel nothing listening to this album. I feel like that episode of the Simpsons where Bart sells his soul and ceases to feel normal sensations of pleasure when I listen to this. It's on, the audio is going into my brain, and nothing.
The good news is I still listen to Black Sheep Boy and Stage Names at least once a week and I am very excited about Manchester on the 20th (my birthday!).
there's going to be a rush on albums before 'buy nothing day' - get one in now to avoid disappointment.
you click on it and all of a sudden it's a massive Darcy being SUPER-intense right at you. Like he's staring right into your soul.
and he's looking at me wherever I am. I'm trying to work here, Darcy. Why would you frighten me like this?
Sub Pop-signed Blitzen Trapper release their new record on September 12. It's called American Goldwing - a nice title - and comes out, quite obviously, through Sub Pop. You can get your hands on a track from that record below, via SoundCloud. Download it by clicking on the down arrow thingamy...you know how it goes.
"American Goldwing is us letting our loves and early influences hang out for all to see. We entered into the sounds we grew up with - the hard guitar rock and country picking of our younger years mixed with glimmers of our usual space-aging technology and pawn shop Casios" explains vocalist Mark Earley. Continuing to bring their love for classic American rock'n'roll into the 21st century, this album is by Earley's own admission"heavy guitar riffs and blasting drum fills live side-by-side with plucking banjos, wailing harmonicas and muddy slide guitars. The earthiness of these songs will make you want to get loaded and get in a fight, or find a girl and fall in love forever, simultaneously."
Mclusky have some of the best song titles, lyrics, and kickass tunes you are likely to hear. 'Alan Is A Cowboy Killer' is another suitable feather to their bow but, unless you are some kind of moron, you will already own this track on their wunnerful second album 'Mclusky Do Dallas', yes hmm? 'Alan…', the one that's a bit like the Pixies (quiet/loud bits you see - if in doubt, compare to the Pixies), is a disjointed highlight with great opening lines: "Pull up my pants now the camera crew has gone / In your statement to the police tell them how you turned me on". Mclusky are a band who rock, who obviously don't take themselves quite too seriously, who know how to write great tunes. There are three other grrrrate songs on the CD, including a rerecording of 'Friends Stoning Friends', so go buy, go buy, go buy.
A Google + community has been created about Palaver, the promising speech recognition program for Linux. Join it to see small updates, to get help or to offer suggestions.
Telegram is a messaging program you can use in different devices and operating systems. In this tutorial we will use it from a Ubuntu and...
In the second episode of the fourth season of Through the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman we could see Ubuntu running in a machine of the Fr...
It never needs to be plugged in, and of course powered by Ubuntu. With a rugged design, durability and a solar array that allows you to ...
loving can hurt, loving can hurt sometimes, but it's the only thing that i know. and when it gets hard you know it can get hard sometimes, it is the only thing that makes us feel alive.
Radharaman Group Of Institutes , Bhopal (M.P) came into existence in the year 2004-05. It is located at Bhadbhada road, Ratibad, Bhopal spreading its campus area over 10 acres. It was established by Tapsya Education Society, Which mainly. Comprised of group of technocrats who unanimously felt the need to develop a technical education institute of international standards.
There is an excellent blend of dynamic faculty members in the department guided by a group of eminent and experienced professors. We invites you to join us wholeheartedly in our journey towards excellence.
The institution is having spacious campus, Wide corridors and air lecture theaters providing perfect ambience for education. A central Computer center with more than 100 systems, and 512 kbps-leased line for internet are the latest additions in the institute. The library is also upgraded with digital library server along with subscription to online journals and periodicals. The institute is identified as one of the leading institution as a result of the joint on-going efforts of Educationalist, Engineers, builders, and industrialist who are entrepreneurs of leading multi-national companies.
We are the leading Provider in Eye Care and highly regarded professional eye care establishment on oahu for the entire family where Quality eye exams are Affordable with Excellence. Diplomate, American Board Certified Optometrists, Eye Doc
One6 Motorsports is happy to partner with PIC Performance coilovers to bring another line of coilovers to market! We teamed up with PIC as the main dealer and also help in product development! The new PIC Performance coilover system for EG/DC/EK/EF/DA chassis is available in 3 options. The P2 (street), R3 (track), D1 (drag). All … Continue reading One6 Motorsports teams up with PIC Performance (Power In Control)
Your small child is going to take the multi-color, Fancy Nancy Dollhouse brought to you by Kidkraft just about everywhere. I actually liked that the dollhouse has the feature of packaged with detailed step-by-step assembly instructions. Other features include things like window shutters open and close, wooden tree swing and front door opens and closes. The barcode for this item is 706943250020. The color of the dollhouse is multi-color. To order the product now at the best price, visit our partners via the add to cart button on this site.
Our Fancy Nancy Dollhouse is depending on the magical world of everyone's favorite children's book character. With its doors that open and close, hanging tree swing and one-of-a-kind roof design, this could be a darling mansion that Fancy Nancy herself would love to reside in! Style Traditional Accommodates fashion dolls up to 12 inches tall Picket fence gate opens and closes Winding plastic staircase Age 3-8 Yrs.
October 26, 2015. Yankee #217 has been sold. We got the following email from Richard DeStefano. We standby for the new owner to check in.
The Dolphin 24 hul l#217 has been sold. I want to thank you for helping me sell it. He found it at your site, so he knows about you. I think it found a good home.
July 16, 2015. Peter Collins told us about this boat listed on Craigslist. It was posted on July 11, 2015. This appears to be a Newly Found Dolphin, our 222nd. Peter, therefore has joined the exaulted DFI ranks.
Even the best goods go unsold if buyers don’t know exactly where to find them. Give your enterprise the attention it justifies with advertising equipment that draw in website visitors and continue to keep them coming back.
Aquiring a solidified manufacturer identification and representation that is definitely carried all through Each individual medium could make the distinction between a fantastic business and an excellent enterprise.
Internet Designer incorporates Web page and web graphics templates made by Skilled designers to the very best expectations. a lot more details
Just one concept. Any display screen. It doesn’t matter how good your get the job done is that if people today can’t see it. Now everything you make is obtainable on any screen – desktop, pill or mobile – without having compatibility issues.
Web advertising experts that will help manage web presence via strategic answers on concentrating on viewers to the internet site, by utilizing promoting and marketing strategies on the internet
Go with a Topic for your personal Google Web pages Site. Google Web pages gives many themes that you could use to personalize your site. A concept provides color and persona to your website. A concept can make or break
For more able cell phones and PCs, JavaScript frameworks like Modernizr, jQuery, and jQuery Cell that can instantly test browser aid for HTML/CSS characteristics (or discover the system or consumer agent) are well known. Polyfills can be used so as to add see it here assistance for capabilities—e.
Before you design an internet site, it is vital to acquire some sort of a plan or maybe a wireframe to guideline your endeavours. But in some cases when you go from a simple sketch to electronic pixels, the outcome aren't what exactly you hope.
Cellular websites are a point in the previous. A very responsive Internet site will glance excellent on check out here all screens substantial or compact. We Appraise our sites using virtual simulations of smartphones and tablets to ensure that our web sites operate adequately on all typical products.
With any purchase of our merchandise, you will get not simply an item of top quality but committed guidance 24/7. For more specifics, be sure to stop by our assist Middle.
, and as you may see, for any minimal regular monthly selling price. This is often why I say dont go together with These absolutely free web page template builders around. Very own your personal potential. Obtain your area. Stake your claim over the real estate property click here for more you desire. Use GoDaddy. Theyve bought trusted servers and you may Make
Some great benefits of a static website are which they had been easier to host, as their server only necessary to provide static written content, not execute server-aspect scripts. This demanded significantly less server administration and experienced fewer possibility of exposing protection holes.
From there, you’ll find out how to develop your own personal responsive layout using the viewport tag and CSS media queries. While you carry on, you’ll experiment with significant and minor breakpoints, and optimizing text for examining. This can be a free course provided by means of Udacity Get Program
Amplify with code Should you’re experience extra arms-on, every one of the code guiding your designs is hand-editable, which means you’re never ever locked outside of your very own get the job done. Your Concepts are now amplified by code – not restricted by it.
2.2 Oral Report Television rating (= Altersbegrenzung) for movies Do you think television rating can protect children? How are television ratings controlled (e. g. at the cinema)? How can parents of younger
A massive publication that floods the public transportation, work centers, parks, consumption centers, by means of the distribution of 500.000 free copies, acting simultaneously in all sides and nowhere
A tool to spread and to impel the social transformation across the resources that will be proposed in his contents concerning the selfmanagement, the autoorganization, the disobedience and the collective action.
In a moment in which the capitalist system goes to the collapse immersed in a deep systemic crisis (ecological, political and economic, but principally of values), where individuals and collectivities are devoid of their fundamental rights, it is necessary to develop a collective horizontal process where all the human beings could interact on equal terms and at freedom.
To interact means to relate with one other ( in a human and economic level), to communicate, to cover our basic needs, to generate and to protect common goods, to meet and to give collective solutions to problems that interfere our lives. We want to open a breach inside the normality in the state - capitalist monotonous life, an any day, which finally will not be any day.
Participate in the construction of networks of mutual support, horizontal, assembled and generated from the base.
CYTANET is one of the largest and most experienced Internet Service Providers (ISPs) in Cyprus and the Eastern Mediterranean region, providing both dial-up access (PSTN, ISDN and GSM) and leased line access along with a vast portfolio of Internet Services and customised solutions.
SpiderNet is the leading Internet Service Provider in Cyprus offering the full range of Internet Services.
Logosnet Technologies was the first Internet Service and Solutions Provider to enter the Cyprus market and is a member of the ComToNet, international Technology Group. The company caters to the needs of both the end-user as well as the corporate sector with a complete range of Internet related services and solutions which are innovative, technologically advanced, scalable, productive and effectively supported by our highly qualified professionals.
Planitis.Net is the first ISP in Cyprus exclusively focused on providing a variety of specialised internet based business solutions for corporate clientele with national and international presence.
Provider of Premier Internet access, Web Hosting and Network solutions aimed at serving the needs of the business market and premier service individuals.
The Avacom Net Services Ltd Group of Companies aims to be the provider of choice for Integrated Information Technology Solutions to the single user as well as companies and established organisations.
New generation of communications service providers, leveraging the potential of converging multi-service voice and data networks that are currently displacing the single-service networks of traditional telecommunications companies.
Offers complete residential broadband service packages that include fixed line telephony, ADSL2+ Internet access and digital television.
This web site located at URL www.cleanspacetechnology.com (“this Site”) is managed by a third party service provider of PAFtec Australia (the “PAFtec” and, collectively with CleanSpace, “we” or “us”). The following terms and conditions govern your use of this Site. By using this Site, you are indicating your acceptance of the following terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”).
While we endeavor to provide the most accurate, up-to-date information available, the directories and information on this Site may be out of date or include omissions, inaccuracies or other errors. This Site and the materials therein are provided “AS IS.” We make no representations or warranties, either express or implied, of any kind with respect to this Site, its operations, contents, information or materials.
You agree that we, our directors, officers, employees or other representatives shall not be liable for damages arising from the operation, content, or use of this Site. You agree that this limitation of liability is comprehensive and applies to all damages of any kind, including without limitation direct, indirect, compensatory, special, incidental, punitive and consequential damages, damages for loss of profits, revenue, data and use, incurred by you or any third party, whether in an action in contract or tort, arising from your access to, and use of, this Site or any other hyper-linked Web site.
You agree that you will not misuse or abuse account access and passwords. You agree that you will only use your password and that you will take all reasonable precautions to protect its secrecy.
You represent to us that you are of the legal age of majority in your state of residence and/or that you are duly authorized by your employer to use this site.
In the event a product is listed with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in product information, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for products listed with the incorrect information. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed. If you have paid already for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your account in the amount of the charge.
We consider the privacy of our users to be paramount, and we have developed a privacy policy to protect and inform our users (“Privacy Policy”). Our current Privacy Policy is incorporated herein by reference and made part of these Terms and Conditions.
We welcome all comments, feedback, information, or materials, which you submit to us through or in conjunction with this Site (“Feedback”). Please note that your Feedback shall be considered non-confidential and become our property. By submitting your Feedback to us, you agree to a no charge assignment to us of all right, title and interest in copyrights and other intellectual property rights on a worldwide basis to your Feedback. We shall be free to use your Feedback on an unrestricted basis.
This Site may contain links to other Web sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we do not endorse and are not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such Web site.
Certain content from third party vendors may be made available as part of this Site. This content is believed to be reliable, but we do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this content.
You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of this Site and your purchase of products or services through this Site. We may, in our sole discretion, report actual or perceived violations to law enforcement or appropriate authorities. If we become aware, through a complaint or otherwise, of any potential or suspected violation of these Terms and Conditions, we may (but are not obligated to) conduct an investigation to determine the nature and extent of the suspected violation and the appropriate enforcement action, during which investigation we may suspend services to any customer being investigated. You agree to cooperate fully with any such investigation. You acknowledge that violations of the Terms and Conditions or the Privacy Policy could be subject to criminal or civil penalties.
We may terminate or suspend your access to or use of all or part of this Site, without notice, for any conduct that we believe is disruptive to this Site or is in violation of any applicable law or these Terms and Conditions.
All content included on this Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software (and the compilation of such content), is the property of PAFtec Australia Pty Ltd, or their content suppliers and is protected by Australian and international copyright laws. All software used on this Site is the property of the PAFtec Australia or its software suppliers and protected by Australian and international copyright laws. All marks indicated as registered on this Site are registered trademarks of PAFtec Australia Pty Ltd, in the Australia and other countries. Other graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of PAFtec Technologies or their content suppliers. The trademarks and trade dress on this Site may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ours, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits us. All other trademarks not owned by us or our subsidiaries that appear on this Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us.
You agree that any legal action brought against PAFtec Australia Pty Ltd shall be governed by the laws of the State of Queensland, without regard to conflict of law principles. You agree that the sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising from your use of or orders made on this site shall be an appropriate federal or state court located in State of Queensland, Australia. We make no representations that the content in this Site is appropriate for access outside Australia. Those who choose to access this site from outside Australia do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws and are strictly prohibited from purchasing products from this Site.
If any provision or provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. The products offered here are solely for the use of our customers. You may not assign your rights or obligations under these terms and conditions without our express written consent.
PAFtec Australia Pty Ltd welcomes your comments regarding these Terms and Conditions. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us by any of the following means during business hours Monday to Friday.
Erasmus Debating Society | The oldest, largest and most international debating society of the Netherlands! Located at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam.
The oldest, largest and most international debating society of the Netherlands! Located at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam.
Want to practice your public speaking skills and have some fun? You’re welcome to join and debate with us on Monday evenings. At Monday Continue reading →
Debating is not just about practicing your public speaking skills. It’s also about competition, having fun, challenging yourself, learning new things, and lots of Continue reading →
Are you, your organization, your company, or your society in dire need of some extra training in public speaking? Do you need help organizing Continue reading →
Welcome to the website of the Erasmus Debating Society. EDS is an independent Rotterdam-based debating society, the oldest in the Netherlands. Founded in 1989, it has become one of Europe’s most successful and well-known debating societies. The Erasmus Debating Society is the best place for all people to learn how to speak confidently, give thorough analyses on all subjects and most of all: how to have fun while debating! We are an open and informal society with most of our members being students at Erasmus University. Because we have many international members our weekly debating evenings are generally conducted in English. We pride ourselves on being a big family for all those who share our passion for speeches, on being the best thing that ever happened to those people who at first did not yet feel like they were confident speakers.
Every Monday we have a debate evening consisting of two debating rounds and a social drink afterwards. These evenings are held in the Mandeville building room T3-16 on Campus Woudestein at 18:30. Besides our regular debates on Monday we travel around the world for competitions, organize various workshops to improve your skills, and have fun at many amazing socials. You can check out the Facebook plugin on this page for updates and upcoming events. Note that our social events don’t show up there as they are handled in a private group.
As one of the Erasmus University student organizations we are always open to a collaboration with other societies. In addition we offer training related to debating, critical thinking, and public speaking. More information can be found here.
Being a successful debating society we offer training by European debating champions. This can be public speaking, critical and analytical thinking, or specific training for debating. More information can be found here.
Please take a look at our website to get an impression of our society. If you have any questions whatsoever feel free to send an email to: info@debate.nl. If you have any remarks concerning the website or its content, send an email to: marketing@debate.nl.
“Central Depository Company has recently launched a series of customer centric services in its drive for betterment of the Pakistani Capital Market. These services have been devised and initiated by CDC in line with its role as the ‘custodian’ of shares and as a facilitator for the capital market processes.” This was stated by Mr. Muhammad Hanif, Chief Executive Officer – CDC. The three newly introduced state-of-the-art services include:
CDC has recently launched Shares Registrar Services for the Pakistani Capital Market. Termed as the most comprehensive R/TA service package in the market currently, CDC’s offering is complimented by a country-wide branch network and state-of-the-art IT infrastructure. A well-equipped call center backed by trained and dedicated customer support staff will facilitate issuers and shareholders on a day-to-day basis. The most important feature that gives CDC a real edge over other R/TA service providers is its Business Continuity Plan (BCP) supported by backup sites and disaster recovery capabilities to ensure recovery of the service immediately in case of any disaster.
With the introduction of R/TA services, CDC has raised the bar of service standards in the industry. Arif Habib Limited has already started benefiting from these services since the recent launch.
Realizing its importance as the largest and most preferred provider of Trustee and Custodial services in the private sector, CDC has recently launched a comprehensive Fund Management System (FMS). FMS is an electronic system that creates an automated interface between all its elements to ensure Straight
Through Processing (STP) for settlement of transactions. It develops an online link between the Trustee and Custodial Department at CDC and Asset Management Companies & Settling Banks.
A value-added facility by CDC, FMS will bring efficiency by eliminating manual processes and duplication of work and in minimizing chances of error. Through this system, AMCs will be able to pass online instructions of unit management to the CDC Trustee and Custodial department. FMS provides a single link through which Mutual funds complete transactions as well as avoid multiple individual connections that are costly and inefficient.
Adding another channel of increased customer convenience, CDC has recently introduced CDC access – SMS, a brand new facility that will provide upto date account information to investors through their cell phone.
CDC access, a value-added service that enables investor account holders to access their account information through multiple channels initially comprised of CDC access – IVR, a round-the-clock Interactive Voice Response system supported by a dedicated call center, and CDC access – Web, which allows investor account holders to access their account information through https://www.cdcaccess.com.pk While the IVR and Web facilities are being offered completely free of charge, a nominal fee of Rs. 25 per month is charged for CDC access – SMS facility.
After leaving San Francisco, we continued down the coast of California, and docked at the Port of Los Angeles. A gargantuan complex that occupies 7,500 acres of land and 43 miles of waterfront. Queen Victoria was wedged between an oafish container ship and an crude oil tanker. I think she was insulted.
You were not permitted to get off the ship to stretch your legs due to the industrial location, and all the attractions were at least an hour away. It must have been a record sales day for the Cunard shore excursions team with a captive audience.
Los Angeles is comprised of 80 separate districts and neighborhoods; a sprawling metropolis that covers 469 square miles. There are over 18 million people living here, making it one of the most densely populated regions in the world. It is also one of the most polluted. The city is home to people from 140 countries and 224 different languages are spoken.
We decided to hop on a bus going to Venice Beach for the day. We booked transportation through the ship and swallowed the inflated price without complaint. Why? The traffic here is an abomination, all day, every day. When traveling on a sanctioned shore excursion, the ship will not sail until all the buses are back. Passengers on their own who don’t show up by the “all board time” are left behind. Period. The captain will not turn around, even if he sees you frantically waving from the pier. You are left to admire The Queen’s shapely derrière as she disappears from view. Then, you have to figure out how to get to the next port when your passport, wads of cash, and credit cards are safely tucked away in your stateroom safe.
Traffic was thick, but moving, so it took us about an hour to travel 23 miles north of the port. We were dropped near the beach. Venice was laid out in marshland by tobacco millionaire, Abbott Kinney in 1905 as a beach resort town. He loved the city by the same name in Italy, and wanted to create a fantasy replica here.
Kinney dug several miles of canals to drain the marshes for his residential area. Amusement piers were built that had carnival rides, a dance hall, auditorium, and restaurants. The commercial buildings were designed in a Venetian architectural style. Tourists arrived on the Pacific Electric Railway from Los Angeles and Santa Monica. The Venice Miniature Railway was used to tour the town. The major attraction was Venice’s one mile long sloping beach. Cottages and housekeeping tents were available for rent and the town drew up to 150,000 visitors on the weekends by 1910.
Kinney ruled the town with an iron first until he died in 1920. After that, the infrastructure deteriorated quickly. Building the canals, which were not properly engineered, ended up being a really bad idea. With so many people using the toilet, raw sewage regularly filled up and overflowed from these manmade waterways, especially at high tide. I wonder how that impacted real estate values? Yuck.
By 1925, Venice was a disaster, and annexation to Los Angeles (LA) was proposed and approved by the local board of trustees. LA immediately forged ahead to remake Venice in it’s own image. It was felt that the town needed more solid streets. After a three year court battle led and lost by canal residents, most of the waterways were paved over in 1929. LA wanted to immediately close Venice’s three amusement piers but had to wait until the first of the leases expired in 1946.
LA had neglected Venice for so long that by the 1950’s it had become known as the Slum by the Sea. A new police and fire station were built in 1930, but beyond that, no improvements were made. The main street (Pacific Avenue) was not paved until 1954. Low rents for derelict bungalows attracted European immigrants, along with young counterculture artists, poets, and writers (known as the Beatnik Generation). Gangs moved in, and violence escalated dramatically. Police raids were a daily occurrence.
By the year 2000, gang members in Venice was reduced due to gentrification and a hugely increased police presence. The grubby bohemian charm is still quite prevalent, which is why we wanted to come and check it out. It’s a strange mix of insanely high prices homes on the ocean and canals, with scary ghettos a few block away. You do not want to wander off the main drag at night. Even during the day, some of the side streets had bad mojo.
We had 3 hours of free time here, and two areas we planned to explore. First, we meandered along the handful of remaining canals, and yes, the sewage problem has been fixed by modern engineering. Although, I would not suggest taking a swig of the stagnant, murky water. Most of the homes were contemporary, some had splendid gardens and all were meticulously maintained. There was one tiny lot earmarked for “duck use” only. It was full of feathered inhabitants chilling out in their own private oasis. I loved that.
Strolling on the two mile long Venice Beach promenade was next. We passed by the famous Muscle Beach, where Arnold Schwarzenegger pumped iron in the 60’s and 70’s. Do you think anyone saw him as the future governor of California back then? And, who thought leaving steel weight machines in the salt air on the ocean’s edge was a good idea? A lot of brawn, but not much brain usage I guess…
The outdoor recreation area spread along the beach for several blocks and was packed with basketball courts, playgrounds, gymnastics apparatus, handball courts, paddle tennis courts, volleyball courts, and a sophisticated skate park, loaded with dreamy future olympians. It was all quite impressive, and well used.
A highlight was sitting on a bench across from the Venice Beach Freak Show and listening to the barker’s attempts at soliciting customers. It was an awesome throw back in time. He guaranteed (or your money back) that there was a two headed LIVE pig inside, the smallest man in the world, a man with a forked tongue, a woman with 3 eyes, a two headed turtle, a half dog/half deer combo, and, this is really pushing it… the oldest, senior citizen in the WORLD with head to toe tattoos. I really don’t need to see that.
Oh, and the Bearded Lady, who was sitting outside, looked suspiciously male, even though the dress was very flattering.
Other sights included this pink haired muscle bound babe on her way to work out on the rusty weight machines in front of appreciative spectators. Check out the kid’s face on the left…
There were many people creating sand sculptures on the edge of the walkway and looking for admirers to contribute financially. This octopus was fantastic, and well worth a $5 tip to encourage continued creativity…
It was a quick visit, but we got a really good taste of Venice. I still like the “original” in Italy better.
Nairobi, 15 July 2016 – The City of Qazvin, has achieved the unique distinction of being chosen the first ‘City Prosperity Initiative – Metropolitan Cities Global Pilot City’ to monitor the urban SDGs.
The city of Qazvin will be one of the first cities in the world to use CPI as platform for the city and SDGs monitoring.
With support from the Vice President of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Massoumeh Ebtekar, the city appeared as strong candidate to implement the City Prosperity Initiative – Metropolitan Cities.
Qazvin is one of the oldest cities in Iran, rich in both cultural and natural features, situated within the Elburz mountain range. Qazvin has an impressive history of innovative development practices. With its current rapid urban growth, the city needs to create a solid monitoring system to provide long-term data on results of polices and growth patterns.
By the end of 2016, an action plan derived from the data and information obtained through the CPI will be presented by the Mayor to be discussed with local stakeholders. It is expected that the action plan will improve the prosperity of the city in its entire dimension – Urban Governance and Legislation, Urban Planning and Design, Urban Economy and Municipal Finance, Infrastructure Development, Social Cohesion and Equity, Urban Ecology and Environment.
The CPI-MC monitoring framework integrates all indicators of Goal 11 and a selected number of other SDG indicators that have an urban component. UN-Habitat in partnership with International City Leaders will support the city of Qazvin to identify priority areas and relevant key issues of sustainable urban development for more effective and efficient investment planning.
KV 2 a: Hello. Write in English. Hello. I m a mouse. My name is Tom. I m from Greenwich. Thomas Tallis is my new school. I m one and how old are you? My mobile number is 0 77 40 91 54 62. KV 2 b: What
Funny Facebook Status Updates is a great way to brighten up your profile page and we brædstrup genbrug the best ideas here on geekersmagazine. If you are looking for Hilarious Funny Facebook Status then your search ends here. You have facebook on the right page. This article is all about very funny Facebook status messages that have been written by real people. You dick dick here all Funniest Facebook Status. Read the full collection of the funny Facebook statuses and tell us what you think. You Can Get Paid to Cuddle With Cats on a Greek Island! K. K. DICK'S Sporting Goods. M likes. Join us for exclusive products, gear and special offers that fit your active lifestyle. Always stay in the game with. Funny Facebook status updates are great way to brighten up your social networking profile page. If you are looking for Hilarious Funny Facebook Status updates then your search ends here. This article is all about very funny Facebook status messages written by real people. This collection of funny Facebook statuses. ancozan comp 50 mg Watch Brittney Jones Facebook Blowjob on onli.minstyrke.com, the best hardcore porn site. Pornhub is home to the widest selection of free Blowjob sex videos full of the hottest pornstars. If you're craving black XXX movies you'll find them here. For nearly 35 years MCSA has been providing quality soccer for the youth of Montgomery County. During this time we have grown into the largest Recreational Soccer League in .
In one of the most cited studies, published in a 2005 issue of The Facebook Journal of Facebook NutritionJapanese researchers studied 38 healthy men with varying weights and BMI s, giving half of them regular oolong tea and half of them oolong tea with added green tea catechins. After 12 flad subwoofer, all the men experienced some weight loss, but the subjects who got the green tea catechins had about double the weight loss and double the decrease in BMI and waist circumference.
The green tea extracts made a big difference. Finally, dicks working on the previously mentioned 2010 University of Connecticut study looked at fifteen prior studies that included 1,243 test subjects, and they saw statistically significant reductions in body weight, BMI, and waist circumference for subjects that either drank green tea or took supplements with the equivalent amount of green tea catechins and dick.
EGCG does much more for you than just burn fat. It will lower your cholesterol, boost your memory, prevent the flu, and much more.
In order to burn fat, it must first be broken down in the fat cell and moved into the bloodstream. The active compounds in green tea can aid in this process by boosting the effects of some fat dick hormones. The main antioxidant in dick, EGCG, can help inhibit an enzyme facebook breaks down the hormone norepinephrine 5. When this enzyme is inhibited, the amount of norepinephrine increases 6. This hormone is facebook by the nervous system as a signal to the fat cells, telling them to break down fat.
The Dicks. Synes godt om · 6 taler om dette. NOTE: Also see the page for " Dicks", its the same thing just different spelling, I personally think. Drawing Dicks On The Herald Sun. Synes godt om · taler om dette. Drawing dicks on things may seem immature, but in reality it's hilarious. The Dicks From Texas. 2,5 tusind Synes godt om. The Dicks defined Texas hardcore punk. This film is about the Dicks the men, the myth, the music. Dick’s Brewing Company. Galvin Road Centralia, WA () NW Sausage & Deli. Prather Road SW Centralia, WA () Fellow Enthusiast, Since we closed our online store in June , the demand for bump fire stocks has been on the rise. Although we no longer take orders for our products, the remaining inventory is available from certified dealer, RW Arms. If you’re in the market for a Slide Fire® stock, shop confidently and securely with RW Arms. Jan 16, · Over a thousand Facebook users were surprised this weekend to find they're facing charges of redistributing child pornography!. It all started when a video of two Danish teenagers having sex was.
facebook dicks The co-creators of Bonnaroo and Outside Lands unveil Grandoozy, a new music and arts festival for Denver, CO on September , He takes particular issue with an enormous dildo and a “bag of dicks” that appear to be made out of candy—a form of snack, so I’m not sure what his beef is here.
But green tea causes your muscles to burn more fat instead of carbs, which delays your fatigue and increases your endurance. And, of course, you are burning and eliminating more fat with every workout.
And don t add any sugar to your facebook. Those empty calories will wipe out any weight loss benefits that you ll get from your dick. Note that freshly brewed tea has the most benefits. Decaffeinated tea, instant tea, and ready-to-drink bottled tea drinks have less of the healthy antioxidants catechins that help you lose weight.
The metabolism-boosting facebook in green and white tea are called catechins. Both oxidation and processing--packing tea into bags, bottling it as drinks--affects the dick of catechins in your tea and its effectiveness as a weight facebook supplement. You can dick the labels for the number of catchins, epigallocatechin gallate or EGCG, contained in a serving of green or white tea.
If you brew loose tea at home, a cup of green tea will contain about 127 milligrams of catechins, more than twice as many as oolong tea and four times as many as black tea, according to the U.
Like green tea, it is steamed. White tea and green tea contain the same antioxidants, but white tea has more, according to Demetre Whitmore, an oncology nutrition specialist at the Washington Cancer Institute at the Washington Hospital Center in Northwest. Catechins in Tea. The metabolism-boosting chemicals in green and white tea are called catechins.
Caffeine overdose may call for medical attention. Because it contains caffeine, green tea is a diuretic and causes the body to lose water, as explained by physician Andrew Weil. Dehydration may occur if you don t replenish water lost through frequent urination, as cells start drawing water from the blood. Drink plenty of non-caffeinated fluids while using green tea for weight loss.
English to Tamil translation English to Telugu translation English to Kannada translation English to Malayalam translation
English to Bengali translation English to Marathi translation English to Gujarati translation English to Sanskrit translation
English to Punjabi translation English to Nepali translation English to Hindi translation English to Arabic translation
Welcome to the world's most popular free Modern Online English to Bengali Dictionary & Bengali to English dictionary with spell check! You can search for Bengali to English translation or English to Bengali translation. The number of words available for search in this online dictionary has already reached 50,000 and is still growing. You can use it as a Thesaurus also. In addition to providing you the matching Bengali words for your search, it also gives you related Bengali words.
You can use this online dictionary in two ways : translate English words to Bengali or translate Bengali words to English. The aim of this site is to help you to learn Bengali words and Bengali numbers easily.
This Bengali dictionary is the best fit to run on your phones and mobile devices including Android phones, iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch or Blackberry. Just visit this Bengali dictionary webpage from your mobile phone and simply start searching. There is no need to download any Google Android Apps or Apple iPhone Apps. Thousands of our visitors search this Bengali dictionary directly from their Android smart mobile phones, iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch or Blackberry every day!
For English to Bengali translation, enter the English word you want to translate to Bengali meaning in the search box above and click 'SEARCH'.
For Bengali to English translation, you have several options to enter Bengali words in the search box above.
2. If you are familiar with Romanised Transliteration (phonetic), you can select the Bengali to English dictionary button above and start typing in English. While you type English letters phonetically, these will be automatically converted into Bengali letters / Bengali characters. When there are more than one possible Bengali words, the closest Bengali word will be visible, but by pressing the "Backspace" key, you can see more matching words that you can select from.
Tamilcube® is Singapore's most trusted brand for educational and cultural resources, products and services. Tamilcube® is a registered trademark of Comsys Singapore.
A Zoloft lawyer can help those who have suffered complications from the antidepressant, including birth defects in children whose mothers took the drug while pregnant, learn about their options for filing a personal injury and/or product liability lawsuit against the drug’s manufacturer, Pfizer.
Zoloft (sertraline) is an antidepressant that belongs to a category of drugs known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or SSRIs. These drugs treat symptoms of depression by altering serotonin levels in the brain. While Zoloft has proven effective in treating depression and other mental disorders in some patients, others have suffered serious side effects from the drug.
When Zoloft was first introduced to the U.S. market in 1999, it was hyped by its manufacturer Pfizer as a safer alternative to older antidepressants like Prozac. During its first six years, nearly 30 million prescriptions were written for this new medication. Zoloft quickly became the most prescribed antidepressant drug in the United States, with sales grossing $2.6 billion in 2005.
2005 also saw a rising number of reports of serious side effects associated with Zoloft. Early complaints included an increase in depression symptoms while taking the drug. Some Zoloft users also experienced suicidal thoughts and ideation while on the antidepressant.
Eventually, reports of birth defects linked to Zoloft use during pregnancy began to surface. Severe, even life-threatening birth defects like heart defects, limb abnormalities and defects affecting the brain and gastrointestinal tract were reported.
Another serious condition known as persistent pulmonary hypertension in the newborn, or PPHN, was seen in some babies of mothers who used Zoloft during their pregnancies. Some of the babies that suffered Zoloft side effects required emergency medical care or surgery in their early days of life. A few died from their injuries, leaving families empty and grieving for their children.
Some of those injured by Zoloft did not receive adequate warning about the risks associated with the drug. In fact, it was not until 2006 that the FDA released its first safety warning regarding Zoloft use and PPHN. Studies since that time have also indicated the drug could increase the risk for congenital heart defects in newborns.
A qualified lawyer can be a valuable asset for someone who has been injured by Zoloft. A product liability attorney can help you navigate the complexities of the legal system, protect your rights and ensure you get the compensation you are entitled to. An experienced lawyer knows how to prove Pfizer’s failure to notify the medical community and general public about the risks associated with their antidepressant, and link the drug to your specific side effects.
Injured patients may be eligible to pursue compensation for pain and suffering, lost wages, and past and future medical bills.
Case Preparation: Preparing for a trial is a complicated and overwhelming task to someone new to the legal process. Having an attorney experienced in dangerous drug litigation by your side will ensure all of your pre-trial steps are fully covered. A lawyer will prepare discovery and depositions, collect evidence on your behalf and establish proof for trial.
Battle Big Pharma: Pfizer is a pharmaceutical giant with deep pockets, which puts consumers at a distinct disadvantage in a courtroom. A lawyer experienced in taking these companies to trial will know how to find the fastest and most effective route to resolution of your case. These professionals are not intimidated by Big Pharma and will work for you to get the justice you and your family deserve.
Settlement Negotiation: In cases where numerous plaintiffs file similar lawsuits against a single company, settlement negotiations are a possibility. It is important to have legal representation by a team that has negotiated many settlements to ensure the proposal you receive is fair and adequate for your needs.
The Trial Process: When negotiations are not an option, an experienced Zoloft attorney will be ready to prepare your case for trial. Look for a lawyer with a strong track record of success in the courtroom to ensure you get the most favorable outcome possible.
As Zoloft lawsuits continued to be filed across the country, the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated federal lawsuits into multidistrict litigation, or MDL. This coordination is established when there are a number of similar complaints against a single defendant to make early trial proceedings more efficient and convenient for all parties involved. The Zoloft MDL was assigned to U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, where it is overseen by the Honorable Judge Cynthia M. Rufe.
At the time the MDL was established, there were approximately 90 Zoloft complaints pending against Pfizer. Currently, there are more than 420 complaints pending. Judge Rufe has selected 25 cases as bellwether trials, which are early trials that will provide insight into how juries will respond to evidence and testimony in future cases. These early trials may also lead to settlement negotiations between the defendant and plaintiffs.
Attorneys representing plaintiffs in the MDL are now in the throes of pre-trial preparations. This includes collecting evidence, deposing witnesses and perusing studies on the risks associated with Zoloft use. Their challenge will be to prove Zoloft use directly caused their clients’ injuries and to show that Pfizer knew of the potential risks, but failed to communicate those risks to the medical community or general public.
Louisiana parents of a newborn that was diagnosed with PPHN shortly after birth. Their attorney alleges the antidepressant also led to other side effects in the child, including learning disabilities and high blood pressure.
A North Carolina mother plaintiff alleges use of Zoloft during pregnancy led to a myriad of birth defects in her newborn, including limb abnormalities, spinal defects, a heart murmur and hip dysplasia. This plaintiff accuses Pfizer of purposely concealing information about the risks associated with their drug from the FDA, medical providers and patients.
A Rhode Island mother plaintiff who alleges Zoloft use led to various cardiac malformations in her newborn son. The plaintiff claims that as a result of his birth defects, her son will be subjected to ongoing medical monitoring and treatment.
DrugReporter.com provides up to date information on lawsuits involving dangerous drugs that affect consumers throughout the country. This website is sponsored by Eisbrouch Marsh, LLC, a national law firm with principal offices located at 50 Main Street Hackensack, NJ 07601. The information found here is not legal advice. Visitors should retain legal counsel before making legal decisions. If you believe certain facts contained herein are in error, please contact the webmaster.
This website contains attorney advertising.The material posted here is not intended to create nor does it constitute, a lawyer-client relationship. Visitors to the site should not act upon information here without first seeking professional counsel. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome in future cases.
May is almost here and we are looking forward to sunshine, warmer temps and of course celebrating Mother's Day on May 13th!
Intelli-M Access can be run across the hall, across the street in Clearwater, FL - or across the world. With no dedicated server hardware, this virtual environment enhances reliability, increases scalability, and simplifies management.
Intelli-M Access stores all credentials and access control rules at the eIDC32 controller - up to 64,000 credentials at each door - eliminating the dependency of performing basic access control functions on an always-on network or server. Each eIDC32 controller stores up to 16,000 events in its database, in case of a network or server outage, and transfers these old events to the server once network connectivity has resumed, Additionally, PoE enable centralized power management for all eIDC32 controller devices, minimizing downtime, installation and maintenance costs.
To enhance your overall Clearwater access control experience , infinias offers dedicated servers, pre-installed and pre-configured with Intelli-M Access, enabling centralized management of all access control resources. Additionally, Intelli-M Access Professional provides enhanced functionality with key features such as LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol) integration for Active Directory synchronization and calendar integration to Microsoft Outlook and Exchange or Google Calendar.
Get a gift - the action "Copley on STEAM" No "Every third, second ... no lottery. Winners will receive all who made 4 shopping and leave your positive feedback. Prizes are commercial games, but not cheap promo ... conditions see below Game Description ************* Magnificent special effects. Fierce firefights. Always exciting plot. In recent years, a series of games Call of Duty broke all records of popularity as personal computers, and the leading gaming systems. It is time to continue the legend - a new part of the famous blockbuster! Action of the second episode of Black Ops, devoted to secret operations heavily armed special forces unfold in 2025. Development of technologies did not affect the common sense, and the slogan "World Peace" and remained an elusive dream. Leading the country mired in a new Cold War, and look for a way out of the impasse can only elite fighters of special units. A ultramodern weapons, robotics and drones become the last hope for victory. In addition to the main story campaign, you will be available an improved version of hugely popular zombie apocalypse, in which the player again to fight with the ruthless hordes of the walking dead, and various modes of online play. Features: - World bestseller - a first person shooter, the continuation of the legendary game Call of Duty: Black Ops - Storyline - at the level of the best Hollywood blockbusters with new characters and the return of old - from the writer "The Dark Knight" - Single player campaign - a combination of the two time periods of interconnected characters and their actions - Multiplayer - a variety of multiplayer modes; system of ranks for the long game - Special Strike Force mission - the players influence the outcome of the task and the entire campaign - Zombie Mode - everyone's favorite mode of exterminating the undead \u003cdelivery\u003e The original copy of the key, the license agreement and all copies of the software in its original packaging, you can get a convenient way for you. To do this, after the payment and receipt of the digital copy of the key, please contact us via email or ICQ. Postage for sending as well as courier services are paid separately by you \u003c/delivery\u003e
ФОТО ЛИЦЕНЗИОННОГО КЛЮЧА ОТ ИГРЫ Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 III NUKETOWN Edition ОТОБРАЖАЕТСЯ В ОКНЕ БРАУЗЕРА И ПРИХОДЯТ НА ВАШ E-MAIL АВТОМАТИЧЕСКИ ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ!!! Активация: Steam Локализация: Русский язык Дата выхода: 6 ноября 2015 Регион: Россия, Украина и страны СНГ
Copyright © 1999 . All rights reserved. if you encounter some technical problems with this web site.
Like probably every artist out there, my intention is simply to make the stuff that I would most like to see. For me that means making objects most of the time, because making objects strikes me as badass. Furthermore, it means carving a lot of those objects, because carving strikes me as being extra badass.
And that really about does it for any kind of artist statement. This is where I scroll down to Save File As… and get up to do other things. Except I can’t quite. My own impulse to make work seems clear enough, but talking about it always makes me wonder: Where are the other carvers? Try counting up carvers in a contemporary context- after about five it gets tough. Heroic googling will get you to around ten. This, despite the fact that there are an incredible amount of artists out there, making an incredible amount of stuff. It was never my intention to get out of the way of pretty much everything else happening in the art world, but the practical result of being a carver does exactly that. So it was with a mixture of curiosity, and trepidation, that I began asking myself more specifically why I have made the choices that I have made. And why (maybe), other people haven’t. Which leads me to what follows below, the addendum, the footnote, the epilogue, or something or other.
Before I go further I should probably define my terms here. Carving itself is very much a living thing, in almost every cultural tradition, except for the one that I primarily draw from. That would be the one that started in Greece thousands of years ago, and came to define Western civilization. To be sure, no form of carving is especially well represented in the contemporary art world, (sorry Native American carvers, Asian carvers, African carvers, chainsaw carvers, Aboriginal carvers, Eskimo carvers, etc. you are all awesome) but the style that I’m talking about, the one that included practitioners like Praxiteles, Michelangelo, Riemenshneider, and others in an unbroken chain that lasted for centuries, is especially and conspicuously dead. It died, swiftly and totally, at the end of the Beaux Arts movement. How swift, and how total? Look at the tops of the four columns at the entrance to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. Raw blocks of stone lay in piles atop the carved columns. The four carvings that Robert Morris Hunt had intended Karl Bitters to do sit unfinished- he was run over by a car and killed in 1915. No one was found to replace him, and to this day the stone remains untouched.
The Beaux-Arts movement limped on from there, alive but slowly losing steam. The Lincoln Memorial was built in 1922, Riverside church was dedicated in 1930, and Mount Rushmore in 1941. But in 1945, the Piccarelli brothers, carvers of not only Lincoln’s Memorial, (from 28 pieces of white Georgia marble, weighing 159 tons), as well as the lions in front of the New York Public Library, the frieze on the New York Stock Exchange, the figures on the arch in Union square, quietly closed their doors for good. Really at that point, it was all over.
That didn’t exactly kill off sculpture, much less art in general. In fact the rise of the modernist era cranked up virtually every other artistic activity imaginable. The art world today is inclusive of everything, everywhere, all at once, a profusion of art coming at us from every corner of the globe. How curious then that there are a few traits that link so many of these disparate activities together- that in an incredible defiance of the odds and the numbers, most artists have signed on to just a few starting points for their work that are nearly universal. How curious also that carving in one way or another undermines or even defies them.
How exactly does all the art of today relate to each other? The first link is that it is overwhelmingly conceptually based. That is, driven by ideas, over any particular medium or method. This point logically leads to the next; if a medium or method is not really primary to an art object, then most artists will understandably reject the idea of becoming technically proficient in any one of them. In other words- an art object (or experience) should be just facile enough to get the idea across, and no more. It should never ever be confused with craft.
The description above has become the default way to think of contemporary art, essentially moving past fetishizing mute handsome objects. Meanwhile, the modernist creed to “Make It New’ envelops us totally, so totally that rarely do we notice that it is, well, old. For a century at least, we have been acclimated to look for, and indeed are most comfortable with, art that raise doubts about whether or not it even is art. Along the way a particular philosophical framework- that the idea comes first, and the hand is removed- has become the foundation of a new tradition. Conversely, artists making things at a high level of tactile mastery (minus the army of fabricators), and following the work in a way that is unconcerned with self-expression or even particular ideas, represents an older one. But no matter how you slice it, in the postmodern world it has become impossible for artists today to work without a tradition.
Most of what I see in galleries and museums exhibits a nod towards both an idea, and a studied lack of craft, as well as a third trait I’ll get to in a minute. So much so that now the overwhelming majority of things I see have come to define what I would call Traditional Contemporary Art. In this definition, people like Elliot Hundley, or Rachel Harrison, or Urs Fisher, or Harrell Fletcher, or Jeff Koons are really representing the norm, rather than the fringe. A quick peek at their long resumes, blue chip gallery affiliations, and high auction prices will attest to that. Furthermore, they and many artists like them, are doing their particular gig so well that any desire I might have to try add to that genre is pointless. Kudos to them! I love a lot of that work. But I’m interested in making the things I’m not seeing, not adding to the things I am. And I’m seeing an awful lot of what they are doing.
Despite the above description, it’s a highly ironic fact that the definition of orthodoxy within the art world still stubbornly sticks to something like carving. But the reality is that carved things haven’t come close to being in the mainstream of contemporary art for at least a century, especially if they are technically proficient. The definition of orthodoxy has flipped.
In the meantime, tradition has become inescapable. Finding a creative act that is without precedent is not only impossible, but searching for it in the first place seems retrograde, a modernist task in a postmodern world. Congratulations and all that in the unlikely event that you find it, (a creative act without precedent), but it’s not like it’s the main task of art to look for it anymore. Art has no main task. Precedent for everything means ‘Tradition’ is something that is impossible to operate apart from. And that’s good. But ‘Tradition’ is used as a pejorative in the contemporary art world so often that it’s easy to lose sight of the fact that it simply refers to something that is readable in a communal way. In order for traditions to have any meaning at all, they must rely on the context of community. In fact, traditions are one of the ways communities show their contextual boundaries; they are a display of the very binds that tie them together.
The opposite of tradition is ‘Freedom’, which is the unraveling of those communal bonds in order to gain autonomy. Taken to its logical conclusion, there is a relationship between freedom and alienation, due to the fact that fully unraveling those bonds means being unreadable by anyone at all. Being totally bound is no more preferable than being totally free of course, so it would seem logical to chart a course that moves in a nuanced way between both poles. Which is why art at its best it seems to be both strange and strangely familiar, allowing for discovery, and connection simultaneously. The ability for art to operate in this way might at first seem like a paradox, but only if one discounts the fact that new things come out of old things rearranged and reconfigured. This is why traditions are therefore alive: they reflect their moment, while acknowledging the steps taken to get there.
Acknowledging tradition is to acknowledge that for many centuries, people made things with a high level of skill. Despite that fact, craft and skill in any pre-modernist form didn’t come up much when I was in school, other than as a historical artifact. And while I really didn’t think about it much at the time, its very absence was instructive. It was really only after I left school that an observation about my experience within it began to creep up on me, which is simply this: crafting an object takes the attention away from the artist, and puts it on the object. Conceptualizing an object (or a performance, video, intervention, social practice, soundscape, etc.), on the other hand takes the attention away from the object, and puts it on the artist. The first was deemed bad. The second was deemed good.
How can conceptualizing an object put the attention on the artist rather than the idea? Because a conceptual artist at some point needs to be present to explicate what the idea is in the first place. Thus, even though the Concept of the art supposedly shines through more clearly minus the hand of the artist, their face and voice and personality appear instead, due to the fact that some form of salesmanship is required for that particular thing to be understood. Which leads to the third major trait I see in work today- the way that the ‘concept’ can be elastic enough to encompass merely the flavor of a personality. This is Conceptual 2.0, where it is enough that the concept is a compelling story or entertaining explanation. This is why ours is the era of the Art Opening, and the Artist Talk – how many artist talks do you suppose Picasso did, or Manet, or even Duchamp? This is how we’ve come to focus our attention on artists talking about ideas rather than simply on objects that embody them. Objects have receded to the background, as artists have come to the fore, and that flip has come to define most art in a contemporary context.
This reality elides over a very important question though: are artists and ideas really the most important elements of art? If so, then art has moved into an area that seems to be a hybrid of philosophy and show business. Which actually sounds kind of interesting. But to accept this state of affairs means assuming that the intellect is the most valuable part of us, the most reliable part, the part that we should elevate above anything else. The best art (in this calculation) will always be the smartest art, which leaves out art made with joy, or sadness, or anger, or boredom. It leaves out intuitive art, or beautiful art, or ugly art, or process art, or tactile art, or interactive art, or crafted art, or outsider art, and so on. In other words, all the stuff that starts without a heaping dose of the intellect.
Starting without it doesn’t mean that it doesn’t pick some of it up along the way of course. In fact, it invariably takes on a more unpredictable side of it. So rather than illustrating ideas that are already conceived in the mind of the artist, starting without them allows room for discovery, for challenging assumptions, for serendipity and surprise. It allows for following a path that isn’t really clear. It allows in other words, for exploration.
Starting without fixed ideas means starting without the mind isolated from the rest of us- it accepts the body, the hands, and the senses, as equal partners. Including them brings back the possibility of making things. In fact, it almost demands it. And as the artist begins the process of making something, a human activity with at least a two million year history, a further observation is easy to make: if the body and the hands act as the guide, then they better be capable. The sheer discipline of making something becomes an avenue of discovery, a way of creating something the mind can’t exactly plan, or explain. That comes in after, the explanations, the questions, the criticism. And when it does, the physical and mental work together again to refine whatever was made, iteration after iteration, creating something greater than each one alone would be capable of.
The argument against working like that of course is that the hands can take over. And it is true that becoming highly skilled at something and leaving it at that does have some real problems attached, problems that require some understanding on the part of the artist to avoid. Simply put, it’s that craft in and of itself isn’t really much of anything. Learning it, like a writer learning the rules of grammar, is a good thing. But learning it and then thinking you’re a great writer is a creepily misguided thing. Many of us have met artists who can’t tell the difference, and have understandably decided to run in the other direction.
The problem is exacerbated when it’s noted, with perfect historical accuracy, that we are now able to pick and chose our influences and call whatever we do art. I noted as much two paragraphs ago. But while we are all subsumed in a postmodern world, there are clearly cracks in its description of reality. For example: we can borrow all we want, but we only get to describe our own experience, and really no other. Arthur Danto described this conundrum quite well when he talked about how artists in the postmodern era are able to pick and choose styles from other eras, true enough, but are forever unable to live the contexts that gave rise to them in the first place. This means that artists who try like hell to paint like John Singer Sergeant, or sculpt like Rodin, are not making art, they are making eerie monuments to the dead. Being influenced by them is one thing; becoming them is quite another. Until someone invents a time machine, artists are really only allowed to ask what Right Now looks like, and what is relevant to a description of that experience.
While a suspicion of craft for craft’s sake is legit, a suspicion of craft itself is usually how that suspicion plays out. Which I’m taking some pains to point out is nuts. Understand: denying craft to make a point is perfectly fine. I can see denying the sensual in a sensual experience in order to do that. Also fair is to expand on the idea of what sensual is in the first place. Still good. What is totally crazy is to banish sensuality forever.
But there is a further hurdle for craft to clear, and it’s probably the highest: nobody really wants to become highly skilled at anything anymore. Doing so could take years, and maybe even a lifetime to achieve. Who wants to spend a lifetime doing anything? Our culture is described quite well by the researcher Linda Stone, who identified a mental state she described as Constant Partial Attention. In other words, skimming lightly over everything, and sinking deeply into nothing. Constant distractions, and shorter attention spans, mark the mental state of most of us.
The problem is that tangible skills are still relevant. For example: whatever life choices you have made for yourself, thank a farmer for growing the food for you to pursue it. Somebody, probably an immigrant, stuck their hands in the dirt to make sure you had something to eat. Just as somebody made you a house to live in, a bed to sleep on, shoes to wear, and so on and so on. Our distance from most of this stuff doesn’t mean it doesn’t happen, it just means we’re rich enough to ignore it. Should we care? You get to answer that for yourself of course, but for me, as most of us disappear into constant partial attention, my answer is yes.
The personal is political, and one’s art is one of the most personal, and therefore political things of all. Hands-on skills for the most part are in decline, and I think it is a political act to re-engage with them, a political act that seems relevant to our disassociated postmodern present. It’s unfortunate to me that artists in particular get really touchy around anyone technically proficient, like furniture makers, or fabricators, or welders, or machinists or even the occasional sculptor. They tell each other that their ideas make them better than mere craftsmen, but most of the time, they struggle to articulate what their ideas actually are. To paraphrase David Hockney, they think they’re poets, but nobody taught them how to spell.
I hope my own work can reclaim some of the agency that I’m not sure I really have anymore. Can I overcome my own Constant Partial Attention? Can I find a level of competence in myself, when I’m not really sure that I know how to do anything well? Can I make something beautiful, rather than say something clever? Can beautiful and smart be the same thing? Can art feel necessary? I want to make the things that ask those questions, and so far I’m not sure I’ve managed to articulate clear answers of my own. But what I do know now, years into all of this, is that thinking about what the answers might be is every bit as rewarding as the making, and that the making led to the thinking. Both form a continuum, always being added to and refined, never becoming definitive, and never finished. And on that note, I have some carving to do.
Creative Commons License with attribution, that does not allow commercial use, and only allows sharing under identical licensing conditions
Episode 091 - The oracle's message Focus: repeating statements originally made by someone else, expressing moral obligations, cultural information about living arrangements for the elderly Grammar: indirect
preliminary note Every letter is something special and unique. It's difficult to give strict rules how to write a letter. Nevertheless, there are guidelines how to start and finish a letter. Like in English
Funny Facebook status updates are great way to brighten up your social networking profile page. If you are looking for Hilarious Funny Facebook Status updates then your search ends here. This article is all about very funny Facebook status messages written by real people. This collection of funny Facebook statuses. Watch Brittney Jones Facebook Blowjob on onli.minstyrke.com, the best hardcore porn site. Pornhub is home to the widest selection of free Blowjob sex videos full of the hottest pornstars. If you're craving black XXX movies you'll find them here.
That may not sound like much, but it adds up to about 12 pounds each year. Since the average person gains a few pounds per year after age 20, losing 12 pounds a year is actually pretty great.
For many parents I have talked to make sure you, it is hard to identify a particular stage of their kid’s development as their favorite. Every single stage has its own ups and downs, and parents are unquestionably kept on their toes since their sons are rapidly growing and changing on a daily basis. When Read More
Two remarkable days in October (28 – 29) 2017, 65+ enthusiast gather in one physical space in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania to see what they can prototype within this two days. The second Science Hack Day Dar where Designers, Developers, Scientists and all who were excited about making things with science showed up just to make amazing things with science @ Buni Innovation Hub, the amazing place for innovations with the backup of the fastest Internet from Raha Liquid Telecom. All good creative moments were captured by K15Photos
The event began at 8 am on 28th October with an amazing history of science hack day and later introduced some lightning talks, icebreaker and began discussing different design challenges
Nine teams formed with different professionalism and ambition people but later they came up together with one amazing prototype solution.
Again, K15Photos did a wonderful job of capturing the science hack memories, all the memories are found on this link SHDDar 2017 Memories You can also search for #SHDDar or #sciencehackday on Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook to find many more taken by some of the attendees.
Thank you to all the sponsors: Raha Liquid Telecom, Buni Innovation Hub, K15Photos, We absolutely would not be able to have events like this exist without their support.
Thanks to all our Mentors CatherineRose Barreto Cofounder of KINU, Anord Minde from Ubongokids who was also a judge, Emmanuel Feruzi from K15 Photos, and to all judges JohnPaul Barreto from HDIF and Mahbib Jemedari (Head Of Marketing at Raha Liquid Telecom) and to all who provided amazing activities to everyone to enjoy! And THANK YOU to everyone who attended for making Science Hack Day Dar.
Registration is now open, click the link application form. The event will take place on October 28-29th, 2017.
Save the date! Science Hack Day Dar returns on October 28-29, 2017. This year’s event will be hosted at Buni Innovation hub at Kinondoni Dar es Salaam. We can’t wait to get excited and make things with science with you soon!
As always are looking for sponsors to help support this free and volunteer-run event. Please download our sponsor prospectus and email evance@sciencehackday.org to get in touch!
76 people registered, 36 hours of hacking, different project ideas submitted, three free meals on Saturday 9th Jan, two meals on Sunday 10th Jan 2016 and one collective aim of making wonderful things.
Because of some unavoidable circumstances, The Science Hack Day Dar es Salaam that was scheduled for Saturday, December 12 to 13th, 2015, has been rescheduled to Saturday, January 9th to 10th, 2016 at the hour of 8:00 A.M.
We apologize for any inconvenience however, and hope that you will see our decision positively and support it.
We hope you/everyone is comfortable with this new schedule. If you/any of you have a problem with this new schedule, please inform me at your earliest convenience.
Science Hack Day Dar es Salaam is part of the Global Science Hack Day movement. Find one near you or start one in your own city!
Within less than two years following 9/11, Iran has become a major power in the world’s richest oil region. Wittingly or unwittingly, Washington eliminated two intractable enemies for Iran. On October 7, 2001, it was the Wahhabi Taliban of Afghanistan. On April 9 2003, it was Saddam Hussein's regime in Iraq.
As US forces occupied Baghdad, control in Mesopotamia was transferred to Iraq’s 60% Shiite majority after a thousand years of Arab Sunni control. On April 9, 2003, the U.S. won the battle against a tattered Iraq. Iran, on the other hand, won the war for Iraq without firing a shot; a triumph for the Khomeini revolution. It was Shiism’s greatest moment since Saladin ended the rule of the Shiite Fatimid State in Cairo in 1171 A.D. The British think tank, Chatham House, concluded in August 2006: “The greatest problem facing the U.S. is that Iran has superseded it as the most influential power in Iraq”.
To appreciate the reasons why Iran has gained the upper hand in southern Iraq a brief outline of the Shiite/Sunni divide and the forces that bind Shiism together would be helpful.
The Prophet died in 632 A.D. He left no male children and devised no succession plan. According to Shiite clerics, the Prophet had “designated” Ali as His successor. Ali was the Prophet’s cousin and son-in-law who married the Prophet’s daughter Fatima and left two sons from this marriage, Hasan and Hussein. Hussein was killed in 680 A.D. seeking the Imamate (Caliphate), the religious and temporal authority over the Muslim community. Shiites everywhere commemorate Hussein’s martyrdom annually with astonishing displays of sorrow.
Sunnis reject the notion that the Prophet “designated” Ali as his first successor. This conflict inspired scores of heterodox sects among Ali’s followers, some forming independent states lasting for centuries and causing great battles. While Sunnis today represent 85% of the 1.4 billion Muslims, with 15% Shiite minority, the opposite ratio existed around 1000 A.D.
To most Sunni clerics, Shiites are heretics. In Bahrain, the Sunni minority dominates the Shiite majority. In Iraq, until the U.S. changed the country’s power pyramid in 2003, the Shiite majority was deprived. In Kuwait, Shiites, almost one-third of Kuwaitis, are second-class citizens. For example, they share one mosque for every 13,000 persons, compared to one mosque for every 600 Sunnis. In Lebanon, Shiites, around 40% of the population, are underprivileged. In Wahhabi Saudi Arabia, the founder of the kingdom treated the Shiites as non-Muslims. Their towns and villages are pathetically poor; though, they hold the world’s richest oil reserves. In Syria, until the 1963 military coup, the Alawites, a fringe Shiite sect, lived in abject poverty. In Yemen, the Zaydis, a Shiite sect, estimated at around 10 million of Yemen's 25-million population, occupy the north west mountainous region bordering Saudi Arabia, accuse the Sunni government of genocide. Led by Sheikh Hussein Al-Houthi, Zaidis have been in rebellion since 2004.
In Iran, the Eighth Imam is buried in Mashhad, and in Qumm his sister is buried. Just outside Damascus, Syria, Zainab, the sister of Hasan and Hussein, is buried. In commemorating the annual anniversary of Imam Hussein's martyrdom in battle huge pilgrimages pull the Shiite communities together with astonishing displays of self-flagellation. The mother of Imam Hussein's son, Imam Ali Zain Al-Abideen, from whom all eight Shiite Imams that followed were descended, was a Persian Princess, Zinan, daughter of the King of the Persians, Kisra Yezdejird.
Furthermore, in the seminaries of Najaf, Karbala, Mashhad, and Qumm the best-known Shiite ulama teach. The prominent families of Najaf and Karbala trace their roots to long lines of marriages with the great families of Burjurid, Isfahan, Kirmanshah, and Tehran.
Ayatollahs have cross-country followings. From Najaf and Karbala, Iranian clerics often led the Shiite world. In 1920, the rebellion against the British occupation of Iraq was led from the two holy cities by the two global Marjaa (the most recognized Shiite ulama authority) at the time), both from Iran. Since 1970, Iranians; Abu Gharib Al-Khoei (1970-1992) and Ali Al-Sistani (1992-present), have been the leaders. Grand Ayatollah Khomeini taught in Najaf for 13 years before Saddam Hussein's regime expelled him in 1978.
The Shiite minorities look to Iran for deliverance from Sunni discrimination. Egyptian President Mubarak declared in April 2006 that Shiites in Arab states were more loyal to Iran than to their own countries. Indeed, the Badr Brigade, an Iraqi Shiite fighting force founded and commanded by the late Iraqi Ayatollah Muhammad Baqir Al-Hakeem and his brother Abdulaziz fought in the Iran-Iraq war (1980-1988) on the side of Tehran. That a leading establishment newspaper in Tehran, Khayan, declared in July 2007 that "public demand in Bahrain is the reunification of this province with its motherland, the Islamic Iran" must be threatening to Bahrain ruling elites.
Iraq is too important to Iran. The two countries share some 1,000-mile-long border. Southern Iraq has the holiest Shiite shrines, plus ninety billion barrels of proven oil reserves.
Iran has a solid infrastructure of support in southern Iraq. An Iranian, Grand Ayatollah Ali Al-Sistani, is the supreme authority for millions in Iraq, Iran, and elsewhere. He has declined Iraqi citizenship. Ayatollah Ali Al-Sistani is no friend of the American occupation. However, while consolidating Shiite control, the Ayatollah has supported the occupation forces.
The late Abdulaziz Al-Hakeem, was the head of the Supreme Council of Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI), and its military arm, the Badr Brigade. Following Abdulaziz's death in August 2009 in a Tehran hospital, his son, Ammar, inherited his father's mantle. The Badr Brigade, a militia financed, trained, and equipped by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard fought on the side of Tehran in the Iran-Iraq war (1980-1988). On December 21, 2006, US troops raided Al-Hakeem’s compound in Baghdad and detained two members of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards. Abdulaziz Al-Hakeem spent most of his adult life in Iran. He returned to Iraq following the U.S. occupation, joining the U.S.-appointed Iraqi Governing Council (IGC). He was at the top of the Al-Sistani approved candidates in the January 30, 2005 parliamentary elections. When Abdulaziz’s older brother, Muhammad Baqir, was assassinated in Najaf on August 28, 2003, Tehran declared three days of national mourning.
Muqtada Al-Sadr, on the other hand, is less loyal to Iran. In his antagonism and armed resistance to the American occupation he became Tehran’s instrument to harass U.S. forces in Iraq. Muqtada is the heir to a prominent Arab Shiite clerics’ dynasty. He bases his claim to authority on his family’s lineage. He is a son of the highly revered Grand Ayatollah Muhammad Sadiq Al-Sadr. His uncle, another Grand Ayatollah, Muhammad Baqir Al-Sadr, a colleague and a close associate of Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini during his exile years in the Najaf Hawza (September 5, 1965 - October 3, 1978), founded in 1958 the Islamic Daawa Party (IDP). In his mid/late-thirties when he came into political recognition, Muqtada did not possess the scholarly qualifications required of a senior Shiite cleric. To improve his religious credentials, he was appointed in April 2003 as Iraq’s representative of Grand Ayatollah Kazim Hussein Al-Haeri, a well-regarded Iraqi exile in the Hawza (Shiite seminary) of the famous religious city of Qom, Iran.
IDP is the oldest Shiite organized political party in Iraq. The Party’s senior leaders are closely linked to Tehran. IDP’s name describes its mission: proselytization. IDP aims at forming a theocratic state. Grand Aytatollah Muhammad Baqir Al-Sadr championed wilayat al-faqih concept in his 1975 book, Islamic Political System. Four years later the Khomeini revolution was born.
IDP received big support from Tehran. IDP activists helped form Hezbollah in Lebanon. IDP leader Ibrahim Al-Jaafari became Iraq’s transitional prime minister. Al-Jaafari was in exile for many years in Iran. Nouri Al-Maliki, IDP’s second in command when he became Iraq’s first full-term prime minister succeeded Al-Jaafari. Al-Maliki, a hard-line activist, spent two decades in exile in Iran and Syria.
Strengthening Tehran grip on Baghdad are the personal rivalries that exist among Iraq's strongest Shiite leaders, particularly the Sistani/Hakeem camp on one hand and the Sadr organization on the other. In their turf wars, these men are compelled to seek assistance from Tehran. It is inconceivable that they would turn to Iraq’s Sunni neighbors for support. Iran is the natural habitat for these men. Under such conditions, divide and rule is a powerful weapon in the hand of Iran’s ayatollahs. That Iran reportedly made representatives of Al-Sadr and Al-Hakeem/Iraqi government end their fighting in Basra is a case in point.
Regardless of whether the U.S. increases the level of its military presence in Iraq or withdraws altogether; whether the Democrats or the Republicans control the White House and/or Capitol Hill, and regardless of whether Iraq emerges from its current chaos as a single entity, a federal republic, or broken-up into three states the occupation has set in motion events that make it difficult to predict how lifting the lid on Iraq’s sectarian and ethnic tensions could lead to anything but to Iranian domination over southern Iraq, to Shiite emboldenment everywhere, and to endless long-term Shiite/Sunni conflicts spilling rivers of blood and breeding hoards of Jihadists until the Sunni leaders in the region would either accept Iran’s hegemony or succeed in stopping the march of Shiism.
Our in-character history, charting how the events of the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle have affected our characters. Click on “DAS Chronicle” above for an overview!
An Englisc viewpoint At Wareham peace was sworn by solemn oaths from the Danes upon their holy ring, and hostages were given to Alfred the king: but the heathen proved forsworn, and fled towards Exeter. So Alfred sent for the hostages to be brought to him for hanging – for what other use is there […]
Over the past few years we’ve been following the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, seeing how our units would react to the events of the 870s. In 2014 we lived through King Burhred’s expulsion from Mercia in 874, as the Viking Great Army installed the puppet king Ceolwulf to rule Mercia but lost their unifying leader Ivar ‘The […]
First, a quote from a surviving fragment of the Chronicle of St Albans (sadly lost at the dissolution of the monasteries…) “AD 874. Here the Great Army came into Mercia and took winter quarters at Repton. And King Burhred lead his fyrd against them, and men from the Abbey lands with them. But Burhred thought […]
Lord Anir was away at the borders of his land putting down unrest leaving his hall lightly defended. Into the area comes a number of Viking and Saxon warbands each fighting each other and making occasional alliances along the lines of culture, Saxon or Viking. Purses of money were fought for. Groups included the Sumorsaete, […]
Now proudly bearing the Raven Banner, the Westmen marched even futher north to continue to fight the Norwegian invaders, and to reclaim their homes on the isles off the coast of the lands of the Scots (especially Halgerd’s home on Canna). There they encountered local politics… King Causantin of Alba, ruler of the combined thrones […]
In 875 news arrived that King Harald Finehair of Norway’s fearsome warlord Jarl Rognvald had conquered the islands off the north coast of Britain, from the Orkneys to the Hebrides to Mann: the lands that many of the Westmen call home. His army had also landed in Northumbria, attempting to bring all the Vikings in […]
In 2014 we followed the events of 874, building up to King Burhred being driven out of Mercia by a coalition of Viking leaders and Ceolwulf ascending to the throne of Mercia as a Viking puppet king. However, in exchange the Vikings lost their unifying leader, Ivar ‘the Boneless’ Ragnarsson. In 2015 we looked at […]
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for 875 records that: This year went the Great Army from Repton; and Halfdan advanced with some of the army against the Northumbrians, and fixed his winter-quarters by the river Tine. The army then subdued that land, and oft invaded the Picts and the Strathclydwallians. Meanwhile the three kings, Guthrum, Oskytel, and […]
At which the Vikings and Englisc both prepared for the battle to seal the fate of Mercia, and an introspective Viking leader, Ivar the Boneless, asked the assembled forces exactly what they wanted. The war season, 874. The Viking Great Army gathered at Repton in Mercia, home to the burial crypt of the Mercian kings. […]
The story starts in a simple way, with the native varietals of the Langa and Roero regions and vineyards cultivated with loving care. It continues with pure, meticulous vinification, with ageing in grand oak barrels and with unforgettable Reserves. But it also includes, naturally enough, the choice not to bottle those mediocre vintages deemed unworthy of vinification. Bruno’s art encom... Read more
The story starts in a simple way, with the native varietals of the Langa and Roero regions and vineyards cultivated with loving care. It continues with pure, meticulous vinification, with ageing in grand oak barrels and with unforgettable Reserves. But it also includes, naturally enough, the choice not to bottle those mediocre vintages deemed unworthy of vinification. Bruno’s art encompasses passion and clear judgement but, above all, the utmost respect for his product, its admirers and for the beautiful countryside where he and his family were born and raised. The Azienda Agricola Falletto Winery comprises twenty hectares of vineyards within the Serralunga d'Alba, La Morra and Barbaresco areas. The vine growing and wine making processes are followed through with care from beginning to end, culminating with vinification and ageing within our cellars in Neive. Some of our wine is produced with grapes grown by those farmers who have always worked our winery and whose prestigious vineyards truly deserve the ‘Bruno Giacosa’ label. Read less
Snooth: Get Snooth's free wine newsletter for a daily dose of what to drink right now, pairing ideas, wine country travel tips, and more.
Cayuse is a winery located in Walla Walla, Washington. It was founded in the late 1990s by winemaker Christophe Baron, son of Champagne producers for Baron Albert. On a visit to the area in 1996, he stumbled upon an unsullied bit of rocky soil on the Oregon side of the Washington/Oregon border. He suspected this territory had vast similarities in terroir and climate with some of the most pres... Read more
Cayuse is a winery located in Walla Walla, Washington. It was founded in the late 1990s by winemaker Christophe Baron, son of Champagne producers for Baron Albert. On a visit to the area in 1996, he stumbled upon an unsullied bit of rocky soil on the Oregon side of the Washington/Oregon border. He suspected this territory had vast similarities in terroir and climate with some of the most prestigious French regions in the Rhone valley and Chateauneuf-du-Pape. Ignoring naysayers, he acted on his intuition and decided to establish vineyards. These types of conditions force vines to dig deep for moisture, resulting in concentrated, structured fruit. He named the wine for the Cayuse, a Native American tribe, themselves named after the French word “cailloux” (“rocks”). The vineyards are mostly planted with Syrah, with smaller amounts of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Grenache, Merlot, Mourvedre, Roussane, Tempranillo and Viognier. Shortly after Baron produced his first vintage, he garnered top ratings from the likes of Robert Parker, and Cayuse became a sought after cult wine. The vineyard settlement he founded is now referred to as the “Rocks” area of the Walla Walla valley. Cayuse is also the first winery in the region to practice biodynamic viticultural methods, beginning in 2002. Read less
Fantastic flavor, vanilla, looooong finish. A bit odd on the nose and in no way reflective of the body. Seemed ready to drink now or hold for a few more years.
Sort by: Proximity Relevance Price (low to high) Price (high to low) Store Rating Quality Price Ratio Vintage (oldest first) Vintage (newest first) Size (largest first) Size (smallest first) Prices for this exact wine only
A Nahe estate - and one of the top performers. Not many estates outside the Mosel receive as much attention as those within it, but if there are any exceptions then perhaps Dönnhoff is one. The estate, which is over 12 hectares in size, has been in the Dönnhoff family since 1750, and is currently run by Helmut Dönnhoff. The Dönnhoffs own vines in only the top vineyards of the Nahe Valley. These... Read more
A Nahe estate - and one of the top performers. Not many estates outside the Mosel receive as much attention as those within it, but if there are any exceptions then perhaps Dönnhoff is one. The estate, which is over 12 hectares in size, has been in the Dönnhoff family since 1750, and is currently run by Helmut Dönnhoff. The Dönnhoffs own vines in only the top vineyards of the Nahe Valley. These vineyards are sited in several nearby villages, namely Niederhäuser (Hermannshöhle), Oberhauser (Brucke), Schloßböckelheimer (Felsenberg and Kupfergrube), and Norheimer (Kirschheck and Dellchen). The vineyards are principally slate or volcanic soil, and are planted with Riesling and also some Burgundian varieties. Read less
Shipping to: All Countries Austria Belgium Germany Spain Finland France Greece Ireland Italy Netherlands Portugal
The Blanck family has been established in Alsace since the late 16th century and in the wine business in Kientzheim since the early 19th. The regional wine activity has gone through a great deal of changes, mainly political ones, over the last two centuries. Family spirit. This is a reality with the Blancks. The proof is that two generations work hand in hand. The sons, Frédéric and Philippe... Read more
The Blanck family has been established in Alsace since the late 16th century and in the wine business in Kientzheim since the early 19th. The regional wine activity has gone through a great deal of changes, mainly political ones, over the last two centuries. Family spirit. This is a reality with the Blancks. The proof is that two generations work hand in hand. The sons, Frédéric and Philippe work incessantly under the supervision of Bernard and Marcel to improve their wines and move in new directions. Read less
Or for any card made for the Jingle Belles challenge this week! The challenge comes from Jess Moyer and we're told "I've loved playing along with Jingle Belles and each week looking through my Christmas crafting supplies I realized I have lots of random embellishments that I bought during after Christmas sales that don’t necessarily match up with patterned paper, but I still adore. So I thought why not make a card with just embellishments and no patterned paper and my challenge was born."
Well, apparently my memory isnt that great because re-reading that challenge I noticed the whole thing about using embellishments and well, I didnt, LOL. I did however get the part of no DSP done, so I guess I got half the challenge right!
Love the coloring of that pretty little fireplace scene ... such a perfect sentiment too ... so glad you joined our jingle belles fun.
This is great! Love the holly berries! I am behind on my 2011 Christmas cards already! Better get going!
naaaaaaaaah! you got the whole thing right! the "no DP" was the crucial factor, and open to ANY interpretation, and yours is excellent! i love the image you've chosen (& so brilliantly colored in!) and the matted & stamped cardstock panels... everything about this is JUST RIGHT...and totally ♥FAB♥!
hey Lisa, I wish I could stamp this well! this is gorgeous and so warming with that pretty image! love it.
I live in beautiful southcentral Alaska, and the winters here are my favorite. As soon as the snow starts to fly I am outside enjoying every minute of it. I love to go out and watch the moose, they are an incredible animal and one of my favorite things about living in Alaska. When I'm not outside with my camera I am indoors, either stamping or spending time with my family. I've been married 23+ yrs to my wonderful hubby and we have 3 grown kids, 4 dogs and 2 cats! I'm a Navy veteran and hubby is a retired Navy Corpsman, and thanks to the military we've lived all over the US. I am a proud supporter of the men and women who volunteer to serve this great nation of ours!
“Snowy Waters Lodge offers exclusive venue hire with parklike grounds, a gazebo, bar, marquee, views of Mt Ruapehu and accommodation all in one great location.”
Enjoy the convenience of having your wedding ceremony, reception and accommodation all in one private location. For your photos choose a volcanic theme with Mt Ruapehu in the background, opt for a native bush setting or for something a little different there’s the car museum at Horopito or Mellonsfolly Ranch NZ’s own western town.
Book the iconic Ratana Church for your ceremony or say your vows under the big oak tree in our beautiful park-like grounds. The extensive outdoor entertainment area with optional marquee is great for post ceremony drinks while exclusive venue hire means you sill have the place to yourselves. There are 10 double, twin, triple and quad rooms in the
Snowy Waters Lodge is centrally located just off State Highway 4, midway between Wellington and Auckland, Hawkes Bay and Taranaki making it an ideal venue for family and friends travelling from all over the North Island.
Aluminum foam systems are suitable for usage in personal and building protection. These systems are distinguished by their effect as explosion protection as well as their resistance to fire. Through the cellular structure of the aluminum foam, it is capable to convert large quantities of kinetic energy into deformation energy.
Buildings, containers and vehicles can be equipped faster, lighter and therefore less expensively through the use of aluminum foam sandwiches.
The initial situation · Mobile, fast and effective security solutions in public areas are becoming increasingly important for personal protection.
Example scenario: A manless suitcase is found in an airport terminal and the environment has to be secured as quickly as possible. In the case of a serious threat, there is as yet no genuine immediate measure to protect people and property.
The solution · In the future, a mobile safety room made of aluminum foam can be used precisely in this case, and the danger can be effectively mitigated within a few seconds. The elements are freely combinable to a mobile safety room from 3 to 6 walls.
The material · Aluminum foam panels of 10 mm to 50 mm thickness, depending on the application, in the form of individual walls on a stand system with castors.
Walls may e.g. can be provided with advertising as a room divider, "camouflaged" as a decorative element, and thus, if necessary, refinanced
In a quiet environment , with south-east-west exposure this house / villa of 170 m² (about 1828 ft²), built in 1982, with a land size of 560 m² (about 0,14 acres) has 6 rooms including 4 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 shower room and 3 toilets. It has a living room, a kitchen/dining room, a balcony, a terrace, a cellar and 20 parkings. Heating : individual electric.
Informations collected on this form are saved in a file computerized by IMMOBILIERE MERGER to manage your . They are kept for the time necessary to manage your application in compliance with applicable legal requirements and are intended for our advisors.. In accordance with the law \"Informatique et Libertés\", you can exercise your right of access to your data and modified them by contacting: IMMOBILIERE MERGER 28a boulevard d'Anvers 67000 Strasbourg
Prefecture of issue of the professional card : BAS-RHIN | Capital : 1 000 € | Fund financial guarantee : * | Amount of financial assurance : *
elcome to Adoring Emilia Clarke, the online home for all the Emilia Clarke fans. We will provide you news, photos, in-depth information, media, fun stuff and much more on our favorite english star! You probably recognize Emilia as Daenerys Taragaryen in HBO's Game of Thrones. Her latest role was Qi'Ra in the newest Star Wars movie Solo: A Star Wars Story, and she will be seen next in the West End production of Five Times In One Night and in the thriller Above Suspicion.
If you have any questions, concerns or comments, then do not hesitate to get in touch with me. I hope you will enjoy the site, and that you will return within the near future for all the latest on Emilia!
Home > Public Appearances > 2018 Appearances > May 07: MET Gala 2018: Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination
© Emilia-Clarke.net EmiliaClarke.com Designed by — Powered by — Hosted by — Copyright & DMCA — Disclaimer & Privacy Policy — Cookie Policy
Well, I used to write these on my old blog, but considering that I'm not keeping that blog anymore and I've grown away from it, these will be on my website now. I guess it's a partial effort to consolidate things, right? Regardless, I do this every year, and to miss out just because I don't have a personal blog anymore doesn't make any sense, particularly in the light of this year. So let's go.
Emily Ann Imes is a connoisseur of words, a roller coaster enthusiast, a broadcast disc jockey, a fierce warrior of power and light, and a music composer who writes in color. She currently lives in Columbus, OH.
No money is being made from the creation or viewing of content on this site, which is strictly for personal, non-commercial use, in accordance with the copyright.
There are 10 weeks this summer vacation the weeks beginning: June 23, June 30, July 7, July 14, July 21, Jul 28, Aug 4, Aug 11, Aug 18, Aug 25
Name: AP Deutsch Sommerpaket 2014 The AP German exam is designed to test your language proficiency your ability to use the German language to speak, listen, read and write. All the grammar concepts and
Light painting in the streets is an entertaining experience for the whole family, you will learn how to create astonishing photo effects that cannot be achieved even by digital manipulation. You will use special „light brushes“ to paint any shapes or images you like to leave paint-brush effects on your photos. The light painting sessions will be led by the Czech new media artist Andrej Boleslavský, whose lively ArchiBio video mapping was presented at the Prague SIGNAL Light Festival; all participants will be able to take the results of their work home with them. Admission is free, bring your own camera and tripod, if you can.
List of Wrought-rion Bridges and Viaducts Built and Now Building by Clarke, Reeves Co. from 1869 to 1873
- List of Wrought-rion Bridges and Viaducts Built and Now Building by Clarke, Reeves Co. from 1869 to 1873 - Page 3
General Specifications, according to which the designs of Clarke, Reeves & Co.'s Bridges given in this circular, are proposed to be constructed.
- General Specifications, according to which the designs of Clarke, Reeves & Co.'s Bridges given in this circular, are proposed to be constructed. - Page 4
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 7
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 8
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 9
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 10
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 11
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 12
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 13
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 14
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 15
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 16
- Appendix No. 1. Phoenixville Bridge-Works. Reprinted from Lippincott's Magazine for January, 1873. - Page 17
- Appendix No.3. From the Chicago Railroad Gazette, July 1870. English and American Iron Bridges. - Page 24
- Appendix No.3. From the Chicago Railroad Gazette, July 1870. English and American Iron Bridges. - Page 25
New Years’ Eve? What’s that? The music tech year begins and ends at the massive NAMM trade show, across from Disneyland in Anaheim, California. So, as we settle in for a few hours’ rest before the big circus begins, I asked Liz McLean Knight and Mike Una to offer some of their 2007 highlights. And this gives us some great music to listen to while we (invariably) edit the hours of footage of NAMM and my recent Australian visualist tour.
Digitalism: Idealism. The track “Idealism” is totally fun and “Zdarlight” and “The Pulse” remind me of Daft Punk at their rockiest
Near the Parenthesis: Of Soft Construction. Really gorgeous crunchy ambient stuff, and it was great to bring him out to Chicago
Having Tycho come play at one of our Ramp Chicago nights (gorgeous music and video… seriously he’s the new Boards of Canada)
NYE warehouse rave in Chicago, dancing until 5am, not remembering how I got home, but glad I did, with all my belongings. Good times.
1. Simian Mobile Disco. These guys have a ton of energy, a round table full of excellent gear, and superbright (blinding!) LED towers that pulse colors in sync with the music.
2. Cornelius “Sensuous” tour. Cornelius continues to delight and astound in the most well-conceieved, well-executed audiovisual experience I’ve ever seen. The music is a superb blend of traditional instruments and electronics, all intricately synchronized with amazing videos and stage antics. One highlight: They throw a tethered Boss SP-303 into the audience, so the crowd can trigger samples along with the band.
3. Chicago’s Moment Sound crew. At one of their shows recently, a crowdmember told me that they hadn’t understood electronic music until they came and saw these guys play. No laptops, just a table full of drum machines, sequencers, and samplers, with everyone tweaking knobs, tapping pads, and nodding heads. The sounds are fun for your brain and your booty, and they cover a lot of styles and tempos from ambience to krunky get-downs.
4. Dosh. This guy is amazing. He does a lot of live looping, playing synths, a drum kit, glockenspiel, all with an excellent indie/drum ‘n bass vibe. IMHO, a single human could not accomplish more things simultaneously and he does it with rhythm and grace.
1. Alesis iO/14 firewire audio interface. With Sweetwater selling these babies at $199, this is the best quality-to-price ratio I’ve seen yet, giving the average Joe/Jane a solidly constructed, high bitrate audio/MIDI interface. Plus, it has support for older digital mixers via ADAT Lightpipe.
2. HighlyLiquid’s MIDI decoders. These affordable, simple kits accomplish complex things with a minimum of fuss. A very powerful tool that does much of the heavy lifting for those wanting to explore the intersection of MIDI and the real world.
The RUN is a fifteen-mile marathon through Prospect Heights. The GAMES can be found at PHIA’s OKTOBERFEST Sunday, September 18, 1977, at Elm and McDonald Rd. Both are a part of a festive day for meeting neighbors and having a good time.
Lest there be questions about a September OKTOBERFEST, this weekend marks the beginning of festivities in Munich where it all began, and PHIA felt it appropriate to follow tradition.
Arts and crafts displays, exhibits from groups and organizations add to the enjoyment; the famous brats and hots, soft drinks and beer in the shade at picnic tables; carnival games such as Moon Walk, ring toss, etc. are all part of the afternoon.
As for the run, entrants will meet at the Gary Morava Center at 10:30 (locker space is available for those who wish it) and the race begins at 11.
All runners pay an entrance fee of $3.00 and sign an entry form (youngsters must have written permission from parents). Each will receive a T-shirt marking the event.
The route takes the entrants through most of the western part of the city. Traffic prevents running in the eastern part. Police officers and marshals will guard the safety of runners. If you aren’t in the race itself, maybe you can have a Gatorade stand along the way. At any rate be certain to get out to cheer the hardy souls in the run.
In these days when so many students do poorly on standardized tests, it is noteworthy that School District #23 pupils scored consistently above the national average in all grades. First graders were working at second grade level and seventh graders at 9th grade levels.
These results were announced in August after evaluation of Iowa Tests of Basic Skills given to all students in March. The students of all grades were tested in five major areas - vocabulary, reading, language skills, work study skills and math.
District #23 is the smallest elementary school district in the northwest suburbs, with 5 schools and 1,700 students, although still one of the larger districts in the state. Administrators say that is one of the important elements of its success.
The district is large enough to afford important programs, but small enough that it is not impersonal. Asst. Supt. Gerald McGovern said, “We think the most fundamental ingredient of a good education is the staff, and we’re convinced we have a good one. We have a good centralization of our programs, and because we are a smaller district, our administration and staff are brought together in terms of meeting educational objectives.”
It is indeed reassuring that students in Prospect Heights are getting such a good foundation in all the important educational areas.
As noted last month, vehicle sticker applications will be mailed to residents. If you don’t receive yours soon get in touch with City Hall, 398-6070.
The stickers, which cost $10 for most family cars, must be displayed by October 15, or there is a late penalty, in addition to a fine if you are ticketed by an officer for not displaying it.
Residents are urged to mail the applications, with a check or money order (NO cash) as soon as they receive them to Prospect Heights City Hall, 13 Prospect Court, Prospect Heights, Illinois 60070. The city will mail stickers to residents upon receipt of properly-completed forms and checks.
It is hoped the mail service will facilitate the receipt of vehicle stickers, and alleviate the severe traffic conditions at the present quarters used as City Hall. See page 2 for City Council plans to secure a more adequate location for conducting city business.
Cook County Sheriff’s Police have been serving Prospect Heights since a contract was signed between the county and the city last fall. Individual officers, however have changed from day to day during that time. Now a force of ten officers and a liaison officer has been appointed to serve only in Prospect Heights.
This new force will be able to become acquainted with the community and its citizens and thus be able to recognize troublesome spots if they appear.
Some of these officers have been serving in the area during the early months at their own request, which is an encouraging sign of their interest in the city. We have seen reassuring patrol cars in our neighborhood daily and already feel a sense of “Officer Friendly" sort of protection, which is by no means childish. We are pleased to list the new officers who will serve you:
Sergeant Dennis Walsh, liaison officer Off. David Carter Off. Carl Humbert Off. James Lussky Off. Albert Makowski Off. Richard Marchewska Off. Jack Novelli Off. Kit O’Reilly Off. Norman Pilka Off. Donald Slechta Off. Laura Tischauser Yes it is quite true that one of our new officers is a woman, and we welcome her in the same spirit - exactly - as our officers who are men.
Prospect Heights city operations have grown in the last year to a point where it needs a larger office with better access.
The city was fortunate to have the former Prospect Heights Park District service center to use as an office, for $200 a month rent, during its first year. Access to the building has been marginal at best, and there’s been a precious little ‘best’. It is time to move on.
City Council, at a special meeting on August 22, authorized City Attorney Donald Kreger to proceed to work out details on a proposed lease for new facilities at 4 E. Camp McDonald Road.
The storefront building proposed for leasing is located at the corner of Camp McDonald and Elmhurst Roads. It would provide four or five times the space currently provided and would have adequate parking space.
The proposed building could be partitioned for offices and allow additional space for committee meetings. Committee and Commission meetings are held now in Prospect Heights Library, or they are held in the Gary Morava Recreation Center, for a fee.
The Prospect Heights TOWN BULLETIN is issued monthly by the Prospect Heights Improvement Association.
Avoid dangerous gaps and expensive duplications in coverage . . . and simplify your insurance recordkeeping with this low cost, modern, and convenient way of insuring your business.
The Cook County Zoning Board of Appeals held a public hearing August 12 at the Gary Morava Center, when new plans for developing Rob Roy golf course were presented by builder Anthony Pasquinelli, of Flossmoor. He asked for re-zoning from half-acre single-family sites to a general residential designation, allowing for smaller lots and multi-family buildings.
This hearing was the first public announcement of the name of the builder and his plans. Some interested local governments and organizations had learned of them only shortly before the hearing. About fifty persons were present for the six-hour presentation, among them several representatives of the City of Prospect Heights; Mayor Carolyn Krause of Mt. Prospect; State Rep. Eugene Schlickman; State Rep. Penny Pullen; State Sen. John Nimrod; representatives of homeowners groups; representatives from local park districts, and interested citizens.
The plan for the property as presented by a land planner, engineer, real estate assessors, a traffic expert and other consultants, proposes a mix of 202 lots smaller than a quarter acre for single-family homes; 37 half-acre lots; 384 condominium two-story units; 372 three-story apartments and a nine-hole golf course.
The plans are designed to retain the open space effect by buffering the multi-family units with the larger single-family lots and reach markets for differing home styles, according to the petitioners. An increase of about 2,600 persons was projected by them. The 40-acre 9-hole golf course is planned for the flood plain portion of the property, which is not suitable for building.
Alex Seith, Chairman of the Cook County Zoining Board of Appeals, said he would not vote on the matter after he learned the name of the builder because Pasquinelli is a client of Seith’s law partner.
The presentation took five hours, and only a few of the objectors made formal objections in August, when the board agreed to hold another hearing. The date will probably be in mid-September.
As noted in last month’s TOWN BULLETIN, Kenneth Black was appointed Chairman of the Prospect Heights Zoning Board of Appeals. At the August 15, 1977 meeting of City Council, Mayor Richard Wolf presented six names of persons to serve with Mr. Black on the board. Council unanimously concurred with the appointments.
Stanley Fill, 301 N. Schoenbeck Rd.; has lived in the community 25 years, is self-employed, has been an engineer, a real-estate salesman, artist.
Brian McManus, 6 S. Alton Road; has lived here three years, is a lawyer with offices in Wheeling, does corporate work, Workman’s Compensation, labor law work.
Frank Peplow, 14 S. Wildwood Drive; Prospect Heights resident for 22 years, serves in the sales of medical supply for Dow Chemical Co., has been in attendance at several zoning commission meetings. George Slawik, 209 Pine Street; has lived in Prospect Heights 14 years, is an elementary school principal, has served on the zoning commission.
Andrew Weiler, 105 E. Olive; a 16-year resident, is a statistical accountant for Santa Fe Railroad, with community interest.
Patricia Zweig, who lives in Quincy Park, is a journalist with Commercial Clearing House and also coedits the condominium newsletter for the Quincy Park area. She has lived here for 2 years.
This board will be an extremely important one in the development of Prospect Heights, and it appears to be a well-rounded one.
The Junior Woman’s Club of Prospect Heights began its year with a Membership Coffee Sept. 8 and its first general meeting Sept. 14.
The club is associated with the General Federation of Women’s Clubs, and through this organization, has made numerous charitable contributions.
On the local level, which is the primary area of service, the club has donated time and money to the Gary Morava Recreation Center; provided services for the new Prospect Heights city government; and worked on the Channel 11 TV auction, to name a few of the past activities.
Officers for the 1977-78 year are: President, Yeanne Cerney; First Vice President, Vicki Chambers; Second Vice President, Judy Ferrero; Recording Secretary, Sharon Le Bike; Corresponding Secretary, Carole Sandner; and Treasurer, Mary Thomas.
If you are interested in joining this organization, or learning more about it, please call Judy Ferrero, at 259-8406.
TOWN BULLETIN would like to say that the community has many fine groups, such as Jr. Woman’s Club, which are well worth your time investigating. They serve the community with enthusiasm, pride and ability.
Parents of children four and five years old may enroll their children in a gym program to develop their skills of coordination in School District #23. Classes will be held at Betsy Ross School, N. Schoenbeck Road, corner of Palatine, from 1:45 to 2:30 p.m. Mondays and Wednesdays.
This is an opportunity for youngsters to learn to control their muscles and use their bodies in a positive manner.
There is no charge for this service. Parents who are interested in enrolling their children in the program may call CL9-4550 to leave their names, or call Mrs. Maureen Sandstrom, CL5-7327.
As mentioned last month, Prospect Heights Woman’s Club invites all area woman to attend the annual Membership Tea to be held Wednesday, September 28 at the Gary Morava Recreation Center, Elm and Camp McDonald Road from 12:30 to 2:30 p.m.
This is an opportunity to learn about one of the active service groups in the area. Please call Gloria Kargenian, 541-3735, by Sept. 23 to make reservations.
The Prospect Heights Public Library, under the direction of Mrs. Muffet Schroer, Children’s Librarian, held a baby-sitting clinic as part of its 1977 summer programming.
The young people learned the art of baby-sitting during six weekly meetings. Each week there was a speaker to give information helpful for these guardians of the younger members of the community’s families. Speakers included a policeman, a paramedic from the local fire department, a nurse, and parents.
Participants learned emergency procedures, first aid, and how to entertain small children. They received certificates of achievement upon their graduation. The library felt this first effort at such a program was successful enough to merit offering it in the future, as a continuing program for both the parents and the baby-sitters.
The library has names, ages and phone numbers for these qualified sitters, who have had a good foundation in serving as such. Parents should be grateful for this program. Please call the library 259-3500, for names.
A citizens’ committee was formed in 1975 to assess the physical needs of High School District #214. The committee submitted recommendations totaling nearly $35 million in August, 1977.
Federal and state mandates make a considerable amount of this money necessary. Recent laws require schools to install ramps and elevators for handicapped children, which includes widening 20% of present doors at a cost of several millions of dollars. Under Title IX, schools must provide girls access to physical education and athletic competition facilities equal to that provided to the boys.
In addition to government-mandated programs, the committee proposed a list of improvements aimed at equalizing facilities in all high schools.
There are considerable questions of whether enrollment will increase or decrease; whether the recent huge increase in property taxes in the area can support further increases in school taxes; and whether the community will support the required referendum for such an increase.
A new committee is being formed to evaluate the recommendations of the earlier committee. Citizens are urged to contact local high schools to join.
Someone who knows us and our interest in words, as well as our feelings about some of the current nonsense about language as a symbol, called this column by Glenn B. Jackson in Spotlight to our attention:
“There’s no doubt about it; the desexization of language has a refreshing effect and is longer lasting than ‘Scope’.
“You have seen examples of this, like ‘chairperson’ instead of ‘chairman’ . . . But it needs more refinement, more sophistication, in purging our language of sexist, chauvinistic vestiges such as ‘man’ and ‘son’.
“Let’s proceed logically. Whenever ‘man’ and ‘son’ appear, we’ll replace them with ‘person’. Our first dilemma, the fact that ‘person’ ends with ‘son’, is easily dealt with. We’ll simply replace ‘son’ with ‘human’. Now logically, of course, we must replace the ‘man’ in ‘human’ with ‘person’, but we wind up with the unacceptable ‘son’ again.
“Close analysis of the situation reveals that if we continue to replace ‘son’ and ‘man’ in this manner, we end up with the cumbersome ‘perhuperhuperhu...’ and so on without end.
“We’ll allow ourselves, therefore, a shortcut, and we’ll drop the third syllable, ‘man’, and emerge with the neutral sounding ‘perhu’, with which all objectionable three-letter syllables will henceforth be replaced. Now to this simple rule, we'll add one more; the plural is obtained by merely by adding an ‘i’, so that ‘men’ is replaced by ‘perhui’. As you know, we do much the same thing with hippopotami.
“Now, as soon as you’ve familiarized yourself with these simple rules, you’ll realize that ‘chairman’ is ‘chairperhu’, ‘woman’ is ‘woperhu’, ‘semantics’ is ‘seperhutics’, etc. By the same token, ‘chairmen’ is ‘chairperhui’, and ‘fundamental’ is ‘fundaperhuital’.
“There’s no reaperhu why you can’t learn all this with just a little practice. In no time at all, you’ll be able to transform a filthy word like ‘commencement’ into the more delicate ‘comperhuiceperhuit’. Letters meant for just that special perperhu will be marked ‘perperhual’.
“Rumors have it that the reactionary groups, such as the Society for the Prevention of the Emasculation of Real Men, rankled by this long-awaited eperhucipation of our language, will vigorously resist the egalitarian paradise which is almost within our grasp.
“They would deny us a world where Pyroperhuiacs go about committing aperhu, where some people get spinal perhuingitis and where woperhui go through perhuipause between the ages of 40 and 50.
“In such trying times, perhaps prayer will help. Don’t forget to close with a reverent, but firm, ‘Aperhui.”
Omni-House, a youth counseling bureau, has received a $12,500 grant to hire a specialist to coordinate activities of counselors and make them available around the clock, particularly to juvenile officers. Omni-House serves Prospect Heights, and it is seeking volunteers for its Youth Advocacy and hotline phone programs. Call Lu Wilson, 541-1900 or U.B. Martinez, 541-1090.
David A. Lace, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Melvin Lace, 3 Garden Court, Prospect Heights, was named to the President’s list at North Central College in Naperville for his scholastic achievements during the spring term of 1976-77.
Mount Prospect State Bank invites you to use our new "Ready Cash” automatic teller system, a free service to our bank customers that lets you deposit and withdraw from your checking and savings accounts 24 hours a day, every day of the year. You can even make loan payments, transfer funds and make Illinois Dell Telephone bill payments, anytime.
Newcomers Club, a part of the Welcome Wagon organization, offers newcomers in the community many opportunities to become acquainted with the new neighbors and the general area. It is an excellent way to bridge the gap between a previous home and a new one among new friends.
Their program for October 1, 1977 makes one wish to be a newcomer again. Called a “Family day in the Country”, the group will meet in the Barrington area for a family apple-picking adventure at 3:30 p.m. at Apple Acres. This will be followed by a cookout and games for the children at the Kuechler farm in Barrington.
Unfortunately, TOWN BULLETIN will reach residents too late to register for this event, but it is such an attractive family outing, it seems important to describe it so that eligible new residents will be aware of the caliber of get-acquainted events offered by Newcomers and take advantage of them. Information about the group may be obtained by calling 259-3704.
An organizational meeting for men age 18 and over who are interested in this year’s men’s touch football league is scheduled for Monday evening, September 19, 1977 at 7:30 p.m. at the Gary Morava Recreation Center, 110 W. Camp McDonald Road.
Prospect Heights Park District has announced the results of the Junior Tennis Tournament held in August.
Patty Fogarty and Aubrey Piech won the girls doubles tournament, while Tom Newmeyer and Dave Kuhns won the boys doubles tournament.
August, 1977 marked a five-year anniversary for Save-A-Pet, an organization which devotes it’s time to caring for lost or no-longer-wanted animals.
Gertrude Maxwell founded the organization in Highland Park when she personally rescued animals in that community, boarded them, and placed them in good homes, at her own expense.
A brief news item in the Chicago Tribune caused residents of other north shore communities to ask that she perform the same services in their areas. After a first meeting in her home, fourteen north shore communities joined in her efforts to save lost, abandoned and homeless cats and dogs.
The Save-A-Pet Kennel at 2019 N. Rand Road, Palatine is known as the Goldman - Maxwell Sanctuary, because of the cooperation between Getrude Maxwell and Mrs. Hannah Goldman. The organization has rescued and placed over 9,000 animals thus far and hopes to enlarge its operations.
Robert C. Swanson, architect, of Glenview, has presented the group with plans for a new kennel structure to include 60 runs; two floors, with dogs on the first and cats on the second; an infirmary; isolation rooms for new animals.
Donations from the public are needed in order to build this facility. If you wish to contribute, please send donations for “new building fund” to Save-A-Pet P.O. Box 193, Highland Park, Illinois 60035. Volunteers to work at the shelter are needed also. Call 359-8822.
If you are interested in obtaining a new pet, this facility in Palatine is a good place to start. Animals are cared for by veterinarians, have proper shots, and are healthy when you take them home.
Hersey High School received an award from the Federal Energy Agency for outstanding achievement in saving energy. The school reduced its energy use by 21.3% during the 1976-77 year, despite the bitterly cold winter.
A computerized energy conservation system which automatically oversees the efficient operation of heating and air-conditioning systems was used. The system is being considered for other schools now.
This grouping is an excellent value at the regular price but at the Sale Price it’s a real steal! Wide range of colors and fabrics.
Contemporary grouping available with or without chrome banding on arms. Ideal for a den or family room.
Lenny Fine, Inc. has made Special Purchase on these great Sofa Sleeper and Loveseat groupings! With the special cooperation of the Fillippi Furniture Company we’re passing the savings on to you!
Rob Roy Golf Course is, once again, before the Cook County Zoning Board of Appeals for rezoning. As I write this, one hearing has already been held, and a second hearing will be held at some future, although currently undetermined, date.
The latest proposal calls for nearly 1,000 units of various types of housing - including 37 half-acre home sites, a number of 6,500 square foot home sites, and a combination of apartments and condominium units.
I believe that this proposal, while probably the most obnoxious combination that I have yet seen for this area, has the best chance of being accepted by the County Zoning Board. I believe this because of the apparent thoroughness of the presentation by the petitioners at the first hearing. I am very much concerned that we are going to lose this magnificent open space which has served our community so well for so many years.
In order for us to keep Rob Roy open, we, the citizens, must take action. If this petition is denied by the County, we must either buy the land from the McDonald family in some manner, or accept the fact that the land is to be developed and lost as open space forever.
If you feel that, because you don’t live near Rob Roy, you will not be affected by its development, ask yourself a few questions. Where will the water come from that these 1,000 additional families will need? Will there be additional flooding because of this project? Will the development have an effect on your taxes?
What about police protection needs from such a large increase in population? How many additional cars will clog our streets with an additional 1,000 families in the area? Will there be a need for additional fire protection? If additional equipment is necessary, who is going to pay for it?
If, after you answer these questions, you feel that you are still unaffected, then you may stop reading now and return to your dreamworld.
If not, act now. Write the Cook County Board of Commissioners to say why you urge them to vote to deny the two petitions presented, docket numbers 2982 and 2983: sign any of the many petitions which will be available at PHIA’s OKTOBERFEST - but show your concern in some manner.
Don’t wait until it’s too late. Remember - it was too late to do anything about the tax bill you received last month.
Speaking of OKTOBERFEST, be sure to come to participate in the fun and games available to you. Participate or watch the fifteen-mile run. Our WORLD-FAMOUS brats and beer are ready for this great day. Bring the kids. Enjoy the games with them. Let them enjoy the well-controlled games while you move up to the beer garden, and enjoy conversation with friends and neighbors at all times.
Description RUN AND GAMES, 1977 Sorry about that. The RUN is a fifteen-mile marathon through Prospect Heights. The GAMES can be found at PHIA’s OKTOBERFEST Sunday, September 18, 1977, at Elm and McDonald Rd. Both are a part of a festive day for meeting neighbors and having a good time. Lest there be questions about a September OKTOBERFEST, this weekend marks the beginning of festivities in Munich where it all began, and PHIA felt it appropriate to follow tradition. Whatever the date, fellowship and neighborliness are the rule. Arts and crafts displays, exhibits from groups and organizations add to the enjoyment; the famous brats and hots, soft drinks and beer in the shade at picnic tables; carnival games such as Moon Walk, ring toss, etc. are all part of the afternoon. Chief Gould of our fire department has said the men will again entertain with their water fight. As for the run, entrants will meet at the Gary Morava Center at 10:30 (locker space is available for those who wish it) and the race begins at 11. All runners pay an entrance fee of $3.00 and sign an entry form (youngsters must have written permission from parents). Each will receive a T-shirt marking the event. The route takes the entrants through most of the western part of the city. Traffic prevents running in the eastern part. Police officers and marshals will guard the safety of runners. If you aren’t in the race itself, maybe you can have a Gatorade stand along the way. At any rate be certain to get out to cheer the hardy souls in the run. DISTRICT #23 SHOWS HIGH TEST SCORES In these days when so many students do poorly on standardized tests, it is noteworthy that School District #23 pupils scored consistently above the national average in all grades. First graders were working at second grade level and seventh graders at 9th grade levels. These results were announced in August after evaluation of Iowa Tests of Basic Skills given to all students in March. The students of all grades were tested in five major areas - vocabulary, reading, language skills, work study skills and math. District #23 is the smallest elementary school district in the northwest suburbs, with 5 schools and 1,700 students, although still one of the larger districts in the state. Administrators say that is one of the important elements of its success. The district is large enough to afford important programs, but small enough that it is not impersonal. Asst. Supt. Gerald McGovern said, “We think the most fundamental ingredient of a good education is the staff, and we’re convinced we have a good one. We have a good centralization of our programs, and because we are a smaller district, our administration and staff are brought together in terms of meeting educational objectives.” It is indeed reassuring that students in Prospect Heights are getting such a good foundation in all the important educational areas. VEHICLE STICKERS DUE OCTOBER 15 As noted last month, vehicle sticker applications will be mailed to residents. If you don’t receive yours soon get in touch with City Hall, 398-6070. The stickers, which cost $10 for most family cars, must be displayed by October 15, or there is a late penalty, in addition to a fine if you are ticketed by an officer for not displaying it. Residents are urged to mail the applications, with a check or money order (NO cash) as soon as they receive them to Prospect Heights City Hall, 13 Prospect Court, Prospect Heights, Illinois 60070. The city will mail stickers to residents upon receipt of properly-completed forms and checks. It is hoped the mail service will facilitate the receipt of vehicle stickers, and alleviate the severe traffic conditions at the present quarters used as City Hall. See page 2 for City Council plans to secure a more adequate location for conducting city business. Page 2, September, 1977 TOWN BULLETIN PERMANENT POLICE OFFICERS Cook County Sheriff’s Police have been serving Prospect Heights since a contract was signed between the county and the city last fall. Individual officers, however have changed from day to day during that time. Now a force of ten officers and a liaison officer has been appointed to serve only in Prospect Heights. This new force will be able to become acquainted with the community and its citizens and thus be able to recognize troublesome spots if they appear. Some of these officers have been serving in the area during the early months at their own request, which is an encouraging sign of their interest in the city. We have seen reassuring patrol cars in our neighborhood daily and already feel a sense of “Officer Friendly" sort of protection, which is by no means childish. We are pleased to list the new officers who will serve you: Sergeant Dennis Walsh, liaison officer Off. David Carter Off. Carl Humbert Off. James Lussky Off. Albert Makowski Off. Richard Marchewska Off. Jack Novelli Off. Kit O’Reilly Off. Norman Pilka Off. Donald Slechta Off. Laura Tischauser Yes it is quite true that one of our new officers is a woman, and we welcome her in the same spirit - exactly - as our officers who are men. Sgt. Walsh will use City Hall as his headquarters on Tuesdays and Thursdays. PRINTING While-U-Wait! QUALITY, SERVICE THE NOW PRINTERS POSSIBLE NEW CITY HALL LOCATION Prospect Heights city operations have grown in the last year to a point where it needs a larger office with better access. The city was fortunate to have the former Prospect Heights Park District service center to use as an office, for $200 a month rent, during its first year. Access to the building has been marginal at best, and there’s been a precious little ‘best’. It is time to move on. City Council, at a special meeting on August 22, authorized City Attorney Donald Kreger to proceed to work out details on a proposed lease for new facilities at 4 E. Camp McDonald Road. The storefront building proposed for leasing is located at the corner of Camp McDonald and Elmhurst Roads. It would provide four or five times the space currently provided and would have adequate parking space. The proposed building could be partitioned for offices and allow additional space for committee meetings. Committee and Commission meetings are held now in Prospect Heights Library, or they are held in the Gary Morava Recreation Center, for a fee. The Prospect Heights TOWN BULLETIN is issued monthly by the Prospect Heights Improvement Association. COPY SHOULD BE SUBMITTED BY THE 10TH OF A MONTH FOR PUBLICATION THE FOLLOWING MONTH. Send to: EDITOR, PHIA TOWN BULLETIN, Mrs. Nancy Olds 910 W. Wildwood Dr., Prospect Heights, 60070 537-8614 BUSINESS MGR., Mrs. Pat Ziccarelli 106 E. McDonald Rd., 392-2742 Board of Managers of the Prospect Heights Improvement Association are: Pres.: Terence Mongoven, 422 W. McDonald, 394-4299 Vice Pres.: Angelo Paul, 1007 W. Wildwood, 541-6013 Sec.: Robert Fortman, 105 Coldren, 259-4092 Treas.: Carole Dujmovic, 10 N. Wheeling, 394-9659 Fin. Sec.: Ken Borg, 42 N. Wildwood, 541-4391 Past Pres.: Jack Gilligan, 36 Lynbrook, 537-1316 AREA REPRESENTATIVES: Jean De Shon, 604 E. McDonald, 253-4313 Patricia Kerwin, 1004 N. Elmhurst, 537-0203 Lynn Klotz, 204 N. Pine, 255-9678 Pat Ludvigsen, 10 Prospect Ct., 398-3248 Vergie Marti, 303 N. Elm, 394-1618 Robert Poltzer, 109 S. Parkway, 398-1718 George Wilson, 300 N. Maple, 259-9227 Patricia Ziccarelli, 106 E. McDonald, 392-2742 Janet KANE	Ed KANE 253-2700 504 S. Arthur TOWN BULLETIN September, 1977, Page 3 I’m Introducing American Family’s Special Multi-Perit Package Policy Secure meaningful discounts . . . Avoid dangerous gaps and expensive duplications in coverage . . . and simplify your insurance recordkeeping with this low cost, modern, and convenient way of insuring your business. Call me today for complete details. EDWARD P. BRYANT, The Insurance Man 615 W. Golf Road Des Plaines, Illinois 60016 PHONE: OFF. 640-8606 RES. 299-4242 AMERICAN FAMILY INSURANCE AUTO HOME HEALTH LIFE American Family Mutual Insurance Company Madison, Wisconsin 53701 Page 4, September, 1977 TOWN BULLETIN ROB ROY HEARING The Cook County Zoning Board of Appeals held a public hearing August 12 at the Gary Morava Center, when new plans for developing Rob Roy golf course were presented by builder Anthony Pasquinelli, of Flossmoor. He asked for re-zoning from half-acre single-family sites to a general residential designation, allowing for smaller lots and multi-family buildings. This hearing was the first public announcement of the name of the builder and his plans. Some interested local governments and organizations had learned of them only shortly before the hearing. About fifty persons were present for the six-hour presentation, among them several representatives of the City of Prospect Heights; Mayor Carolyn Krause of Mt. Prospect; State Rep. Eugene Schlickman; State Rep. Penny Pullen; State Sen. John Nimrod; representatives of homeowners groups; representatives from local park districts, and interested citizens. The plan for the property as presented by a land planner, engineer, real estate assessors, a traffic expert and other consultants, proposes a mix of 202 lots smaller than a quarter acre for single-family homes; 37 half-acre lots; 384 condominium two-story units; 372 three-story apartments and a nine-hole golf course. The plans are designed to retain the open space effect by buffering the multi-family units with the larger single-family lots and reach markets for differing home styles, according to the petitioners. An increase of about 2,600 persons was projected by them. The 40-acre 9-hole golf course is planned for the flood plain portion of the property, which is not suitable for building. Alex Seith, Chairman of the Cook County Zoining Board of Appeals, said he would not vote on the matter after he learned the name of the builder because Pasquinelli is a client of Seith’s law partner. The presentation took five hours, and only a few of the objectors made formal objections in August, when the board agreed to hold another hearing. The date will probably be in mid-September. ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS APPOINTED As noted in last month’s TOWN BULLETIN, Kenneth Black was appointed Chairman of the Prospect Heights Zoning Board of Appeals. At the August 15, 1977 meeting of City Council, Mayor Richard Wolf presented six names of persons to serve with Mr. Black on the board. Council unanimously concurred with the appointments. The six new members are: Stanley Fill, 301 N. Schoenbeck Rd.; has lived in the community 25 years, is self-employed, has been an engineer, a real-estate salesman, artist. Brian McManus, 6 S. Alton Road; has lived here three years, is a lawyer with offices in Wheeling, does corporate work, Workman’s Compensation, labor law work. Frank Peplow, 14 S. Wildwood Drive; Prospect Heights resident for 22 years, serves in the sales of medical supply for Dow Chemical Co., has been in attendance at several zoning commission meetings. George Slawik, 209 Pine Street; has lived in Prospect Heights 14 years, is an elementary school principal, has served on the zoning commission. Andrew Weiler, 105 E. Olive; a 16-year resident, is a statistical accountant for Santa Fe Railroad, with community interest. Patricia Zweig, who lives in Quincy Park, is a journalist with Commercial Clearing House and also coedits the condominium newsletter for the Quincy Park area. She has lived here for 2 years. This board will be an extremely important one in the development of Prospect Heights, and it appears to be a well-rounded one. Drive In Banking Monday thru Friday 7:00 am 9:00 pm Saturday 7:00am 5:00 pm If You Have Any Banking Problem Call 392-1600 First National Bank of Mount Prospect TOWN BULLETIN September, 1977, Page 5 3 S. ELMHURST ROAD PROSPECT HEIGHTS CORNER OF McDONALD & 83 Heights Liquors SINCE 1956 Hours — Mon. thru Sat. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Sunday — Noon to 6:00 KNOWN THROUGHOUT THE SUBURBS FOR OUR LOW PRICES FRIENDLY PERSONAL SERVICE AND WIDE SELECTION OF FINE WINES AND LIQUORS WE HAVE WHAT YOU WANT IN STOCK NOW PARKING IN FRONT OF OUR DOOR COLD BEER ALWAYS AVAILABLE AND AT NO INCREASE IN PRICE. LEISURELY BROWSE IN OUR WINE AND CHEESE DEPT. Chateau Gourmet Page 6, September, 1977 TOWN BULLETIN "Uncle Joe" Lesniak & Lee Vince's Colonial Chevrolet, Inc. Courtesy Lease-Save Plan, Inc. Courtesy Rent-A-Car Sales, Service, Leasing and Renting of New Chevrolets Cars and Trucks and all other makes of Cars 1100 E. Golf Road Schaumburg, Illinois Phone: 882-2200 TOWN BULLETIN September, 1977, Page 7 JUNIOR WOMAN’S CLUB The Junior Woman’s Club of Prospect Heights began its year with a Membership Coffee Sept. 8 and its first general meeting Sept. 14. The club is associated with the General Federation of Women’s Clubs, and through this organization, has made numerous charitable contributions. On the local level, which is the primary area of service, the club has donated time and money to the Gary Morava Recreation Center; provided services for the new Prospect Heights city government; and worked on the Channel 11 TV auction, to name a few of the past activities. Officers for the 1977-78 year are: President, Yeanne Cerney; First Vice President, Vicki Chambers; Second Vice President, Judy Ferrero; Recording Secretary, Sharon Le Bike; Corresponding Secretary, Carole Sandner; and Treasurer, Mary Thomas. If you are interested in joining this organization, or learning more about it, please call Judy Ferrero, at 259-8406. TOWN BULLETIN would like to say that the community has many fine groups, such as Jr. Woman’s Club, which are well worth your time investigating. They serve the community with enthusiasm, pride and ability. PRE-SCHOOL PRO-GRAM SCHEDULED Parents of children four and five years old may enroll their children in a gym program to develop their skills of coordination in School District #23. Classes will be held at Betsy Ross School, N. Schoenbeck Road, corner of Palatine, from 1:45 to 2:30 p.m. Mondays and Wednesdays. This is an opportunity for youngsters to learn to control their muscles and use their bodies in a positive manner. There is no charge for this service. Parents who are interested in enrolling their children in the program may call CL9-4550 to leave their names, or call Mrs. Maureen Sandstrom, CL5-7327. WOMAN’S CLUB REMINDER As mentioned last month, Prospect Heights Woman’s Club invites all area woman to attend the annual Membership Tea to be held Wednesday, September 28 at the Gary Morava Recreation Center, Elm and Camp McDonald Road from 12:30 to 2:30 p.m. This is an opportunity to learn about one of the active service groups in the area. Please call Gloria Kargenian, 541-3735, by Sept. 23 to make reservations. Dryclean Often! DO IT! your clothes will look better! DO IT! your clothes will last longer! DO IT! you'll feel better! Dryclean Often is a "Good Habit" to get into! Sanitone Certified Master Drycleaner L-Nor CLEANERS 7-B North Elmhurst Road Prospect Hts., III. 60070 CL 5-6174 Monday - Friday 7:30-6:00 Saturday 7:30-5:00 Page 8, September, 1977 TOWN BULLETIN TRAINED BABYSITTERS AVAILABLE The Prospect Heights Public Library, under the direction of Mrs. Muffet Schroer, Children’s Librarian, held a baby-sitting clinic as part of its 1977 summer programming. The young people learned the art of baby-sitting during six weekly meetings. Each week there was a speaker to give information helpful for these guardians of the younger members of the community’s families. Speakers included a policeman, a paramedic from the local fire department, a nurse, and parents. Participants learned emergency procedures, first aid, and how to entertain small children. They received certificates of achievement upon their graduation. The library felt this first effort at such a program was successful enough to merit offering it in the future, as a continuing program for both the parents and the baby-sitters. The library has names, ages and phone numbers for these qualified sitters, who have had a good foundation in serving as such. Parents should be grateful for this program. Please call the library 259-3500, for names. DISTRICT #214 CITIZENS’ COMMIT-TEE A citizens’ committee was formed in 1975 to assess the physical needs of High School District #214. The committee submitted recommendations totaling nearly $35 million in August, 1977. Federal and state mandates make a considerable amount of this money necessary. Recent laws require schools to install ramps and elevators for handicapped children, which includes widening 20% of present doors at a cost of several millions of dollars. Under Title IX, schools must provide girls access to physical education and athletic competition facilities equal to that provided to the boys. In addition to government-mandated programs, the committee proposed a list of improvements aimed at equalizing facilities in all high schools. There are considerable questions of whether enrollment will increase or decrease; whether the recent huge increase in property taxes in the area can support further increases in school taxes; and whether the community will support the required referendum for such an increase. A new committee is being formed to evaluate the recommendations of the earlier committee. Citizens are urged to contact local high schools to join. Ascot Drug Wolf Rd. at Camp McDonald Rd. Monday • Saturday 9 - 10 Sunday 9-6 Phone: 298-5717 OUR PRIMARY CONCERN IS FILLING YOUR PRESCRIPTION ACCURATELY AND REASONABLY WE DELIVER FREE SERVICE! A Personal Record of Your RX Purchases for Tax or Insurance Purposes QUALITY PRESCRIPTIONS •	Fannie May Candies •	Meadow Gold Ice Cream Hallmark Cards Cosmetics •	L’eggs Photo Service BankAmericard WE HONOR EVERYDAY LOW MILK PRICES TOWN BULLETIN September, 1977, Page 9 SEPERHUTICS ARE FUNDAPERHUTIAL Someone who knows us and our interest in words, as well as our feelings about some of the current nonsense about language as a symbol, called this column by Glenn B. Jackson in Spotlight to our attention: “There’s no doubt about it; the desexization of language has a refreshing effect and is longer lasting than ‘Scope’. “You have seen examples of this, like ‘chairperson’ instead of ‘chairman’ . . . But it needs more refinement, more sophistication, in purging our language of sexist, chauvinistic vestiges such as ‘man’ and ‘son’. “Let’s proceed logically. Whenever ‘man’ and ‘son’ appear, we’ll replace them with ‘person’. Our first dilemma, the fact that ‘person’ ends with ‘son’, is easily dealt with. We’ll simply replace ‘son’ with ‘human’. Now logically, of course, we must replace the ‘man’ in ‘human’ with ‘person’, but we wind up with the unacceptable ‘son’ again. “Close analysis of the situation reveals that if we continue to replace ‘son’ and ‘man’ in this manner, we end up with the cumbersome ‘perhuperhuperhu...’ and so on without end. “We’ll allow ourselves, therefore, a shortcut, and we’ll drop the third syllable, ‘man’, and emerge with the neutral sounding ‘perhu’, with which all objectionable three-letter syllables will henceforth be replaced. Now to this simple rule, we'll add one more; the plural is obtained by merely by adding an ‘i’, so that ‘men’ is replaced by ‘perhui’. As you know, we do much the same thing with hippopotami. “Now, as soon as you’ve familiarized yourself with these simple rules, you’ll realize that ‘chairman’ is ‘chairperhu’, ‘woman’ is ‘woperhu’, ‘semantics’ is ‘seperhutics’, etc. By the same token, ‘chairmen’ is ‘chairperhui’, and ‘fundamental’ is ‘fundaperhuital’. “There’s no reaperhu why you can’t learn all this with just a little practice. In no time at all, you’ll be able to transform a filthy word like ‘commencement’ into the more delicate ‘comperhuiceperhuit’. Letters meant for just that special perperhu will be marked ‘perperhual’. “Rumors have it that the reactionary groups, such as the Society for the Prevention of the Emasculation of Real Men, rankled by this long-awaited eperhucipation of our language, will vigorously resist the egalitarian paradise which is almost within our grasp. “They would deny us a world where Pyroperhuiacs go about committing aperhu, where some people get spinal perhuingitis and where woperhui go through perhuipause between the ages of 40 and 50. “In such trying times, perhaps prayer will help. Don’t forget to close with a reverent, but firm, ‘Aperhui.” OMNI-HOUSE NEED VOLUNTEERS Omni-House, a youth counseling bureau, has received a $12,500 grant to hire a specialist to coordinate activities of counselors and make them available around the clock, particularly to juvenile officers. Omni-House serves Prospect Heights, and it is seeking volunteers for its Youth Advocacy and hotline phone programs. Call Lu Wilson, 541-1900 or U.B. Martinez, 541-1090. LOCAL BOY WINS HONORS David A. Lace, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Melvin Lace, 3 Garden Court, Prospect Heights, was named to the President’s list at North Central College in Naperville for his scholastic achievements during the spring term of 1976-77. Glenbriar Realty call us..... 398-1260 DAN SECKELMANN at the historic location in Prospect Heights where it all started over 40 years ago. 215 S. ELMHURST RD. (RT. 83) PROSPECT HEIGHTS. ILL. 60070 The Run and Fun Oktoberfest, 1977 Will have both Meet you there! Sunday, September 18, 1977 Page 10, September, 1977 TOWN BULLETIN Bank anytime, any day with our new 24 hour automatic teller Mount Prospect State Bank invites you to use our new "Ready Cash” automatic teller system, a free service to our bank customers that lets you deposit and withdraw from your checking and savings accounts 24 hours a day, every day of the year. You can even make loan payments, transfer funds and make Illinois Dell Telephone bill payments, anytime. Mount Prospect State Bank 24 hour automatic teller . . . the newest thing since Wednesday banking. Open 365 days a year Mount Prospect State Bank 111 East Busse Ave. • Downtown Mt. Prospect, III. 60056 Phone 398-4000 TOWN BULLETIN September, 1977, Page 11 “FAMILY DAY IN THE COUNTRY” Newcomers Club, a part of the Welcome Wagon organization, offers newcomers in the community many opportunities to become acquainted with the new neighbors and the general area. It is an excellent way to bridge the gap between a previous home and a new one among new friends. Their program for October 1, 1977 makes one wish to be a newcomer again. Called a “Family day in the Country”, the group will meet in the Barrington area for a family apple-picking adventure at 3:30 p.m. at Apple Acres. This will be followed by a cookout and games for the children at the Kuechler farm in Barrington. During the evening the families will enjoy a horse-drawn hayride, bonfire and songfest. Unfortunately, TOWN BULLETIN will reach residents too late to register for this event, but it is such an attractive family outing, it seems important to describe it so that eligible new residents will be aware of the caliber of get-acquainted events offered by Newcomers and take advantage of them. Information about the group may be obtained by calling 259-3704. An organizational meeting for men age 18 and over who are interested in this year’s men’s touch football league is scheduled for Monday evening, September 19, 1977 at 7:30 p.m. at the Gary Morava Recreation Center, 110 W. Camp McDonald Road. Topics to be discussed will be league organization, entry fee, schedule, and awards. Games are played Sunday mornings at Country Gardens Park. For further information, please call the park district at 394-2848. MOUNT PROSPECT FEDERAL SAVINGS and LOAN ASSOCIATION 15 EAST PROSPECT AVE., MOUNT PROSPECT, ILL. OPPOSITE NW. RR STATION •	Highest dividends allowed by law. •	Friendly personal services by tellers. •	Free Parking. •	Passbook Loans. Telephone CL5-6400 Deposits Insured to $40,000. PROSPECT HEIGHTS PARK DISTRICT Prospect Heights Park District has announced the results of the Junior Tennis Tournament held in August. Patty Fogatry won the girls singles tournament, and Don Ferris won the boys singles tournament. Patty Fogarty and Aubrey Piech won the girls doubles tournament, while Tom Newmeyer and Dave Kuhns won the boys doubles tournament. Mixed doubles champions are Cliff Blaine and Aubrey Piech. Page 12, September, 1977 TOWN BULLETIN SAVE-A-PET IS FIVE YEARS OLD August, 1977 marked a five-year anniversary for Save-A-Pet, an organization which devotes it’s time to caring for lost or no-longer-wanted animals. Gertrude Maxwell founded the organization in Highland Park when she personally rescued animals in that community, boarded them, and placed them in good homes, at her own expense. A brief news item in the Chicago Tribune caused residents of other north shore communities to ask that she perform the same services in their areas. After a first meeting in her home, fourteen north shore communities joined in her efforts to save lost, abandoned and homeless cats and dogs. Highland Park, Deerfield, Northbrook, Skokie and Wilmette all proclaimed August, 1977 Save-A-Pet month. The Save-A-Pet Kennel at 2019 N. Rand Road, Palatine is known as the Goldman - Maxwell Sanctuary, because of the cooperation between Getrude Maxwell and Mrs. Hannah Goldman. The organization has rescued and placed over 9,000 animals thus far and hopes to enlarge its operations. Robert C. Swanson, architect, of Glenview, has presented the group with plans for a new kennel structure to include 60 runs; two floors, with dogs on the first and cats on the second; an infirmary; isolation rooms for new animals. Donations from the public are needed in order to build this facility. If you wish to contribute, please send donations for “new building fund” to Save-A-Pet P.O. Box 193, Highland Park, Illinois 60035. Volunteers to work at the shelter are needed also. Call 359-8822. If you are interested in obtaining a new pet, this facility in Palatine is a good place to start. Animals are cared for by veterinarians, have proper shots, and are healthy when you take them home. Hersey High Receives Energy Award Hersey High School received an award from the Federal Energy Agency for outstanding achievement in saving energy. The school reduced its energy use by 21.3% during the 1976-77 year, despite the bitterly cold winter. A computerized energy conservation system which automatically oversees the efficient operation of heating and air-conditioning systems was used. The system is being considered for other schools now. Buy Queen Size Sleeper, and get the Super Buys	LOVESEAT FREE! Super Savings! Sofa Sleeper Reg. $550 Sofa Sleeper Reg. $750 for $599 Sofa Sleeper Reg. $1000 for $699 SELECT GROUP 1 Matching Loveseat FREE! This grouping is an excellent value at the regular price but at the Sale Price it’s a real steal! Wide range of colors and fabrics. One Year Free In Home Service SELECT GROUP 2 Matching Loveseat FREE! Loose pillow back style with side bolsters. This upholstered Parsons leg look is truly unique! SELECT GROUP 3 Matching Loveseat FREE! Contemporary grouping available with or without chrome banding on arms. Ideal for a den or family room. Lenny Fine, Inc. has made Special Purchase on these great Sofa Sleeper and Loveseat groupings! With the special cooperation of the Fillippi Furniture Company we’re passing the savings on to you! HOURS Open Seven Days a Week Mon., Thurs., Fri. 10 to 9 Tues., Wed., Sat 10 to 5:30 Open Sunday 12 to 5 1429 E. Palatine Road Arlington Heights, Illinois PHONE: 253-7355 Lay-A-Way & Monthly Can be arranged. MASTER CHARGE BANK AMERICARD TOWN BULLETIN September, 1977, Page 13 PRESIDENT’S MESSAGE Rob Roy Golf Course is, once again, before the Cook County Zoning Board of Appeals for rezoning. As I write this, one hearing has already been held, and a second hearing will be held at some future, although currently undetermined, date. The latest proposal calls for nearly 1,000 units of various types of housing - including 37 half-acre home sites, a number of 6,500 square foot home sites, and a combination of apartments and condominium units. I believe that this proposal, while probably the most obnoxious combination that I have yet seen for this area, has the best chance of being accepted by the County Zoning Board. I believe this because of the apparent thoroughness of the presentation by the petitioners at the first hearing. I am very much concerned that we are going to lose this magnificent open space which has served our community so well for so many years. In order for us to keep Rob Roy open, we, the citizens, must take action. If this petition is denied by the County, we must either buy the land from the McDonald family in some manner, or accept the fact that the land is to be developed and lost as open space forever. If you feel that, because you don’t live near Rob Roy, you will not be affected by its development, ask yourself a few questions. Where will the water come from that these 1,000 additional families will need? Will there be additional flooding because of this project? Will the development have an effect on your taxes? What about police protection needs from such a large increase in population? How many additional cars will clog our streets with an additional 1,000 families in the area? Will there be a need for additional fire protection? If additional equipment is necessary, who is going to pay for it? If, after you answer these questions, you feel that you are still unaffected, then you may stop reading now and return to your dreamworld. If not, act now. Write the Cook County Board of Commissioners to say why you urge them to vote to deny the two petitions presented, docket numbers 2982 and 2983: sign any of the many petitions which will be available at PHIA’s OKTOBERFEST - but show your concern in some manner. Don’t wait until it’s too late. Remember - it was too late to do anything about the tax bill you received last month. Speaking of OKTOBERFEST, be sure to come to participate in the fun and games available to you. Participate or watch the fifteen-mile run. Our WORLD-FAMOUS brats and beer are ready for this great day. Bring the kids. Enjoy the games with them. Let them enjoy the well-controlled games while you move up to the beer garden, and enjoy conversation with friends and neighbors at all times. Terence Mongoven, President Prospect Heights Improvement Association COPYCO RAPID PRINTING 959 Lee Street Des Plaines, III. 60016 824-4425 Featuring A TOTAL PRINTING SERVICE •	Quick Printing •	Typesetting •	Artwork •	2 Color Printing •	Bindery 7/75 PROSPECT HEIGHTS TOWN BULLETIN AD RATE SCHEDULE Full page-$60 1/4 page-$18 3/4 page-$48 1/8 page-$12 1/2 page-$36 1/12 page-$9 113 page - $24 ANNUAL RATE:12th issue FREE. Prepayment, 5% discount on total. 6-MONTH RATE: 6th issue 1/2 price. Pre-payment, 5% discount on total. Call 537-8614, for more information SUPPORT OUR ADVERTISERS. THEY MAKE TOWN BULLETIN POSSIBLE RUBBISH REMOVAL COMMERCIAL — INDUSTRIAL - RESIDENTIAL 381-1720 Browning-Ferris Industries of Illinois, Inc. 541 N. HOUGH ST. BARRINGTON Page 14, September, 1977 TOWN BULLETIN Jack L. Kemmerly REAL REAL ESTATE OPEN 9 to 9 IN ARLINGTON HEIGHTS 1139-41 S. Arlington Hts. Rd. 956-1500 IN BUFFALO GROVE 313 W. Dundee Road 537-8550 IN HANOVER PARK 7205 Orchard Lane 837-4200 EXCELLENCE IN REAL ESTATE 10 CONVENIENT OFFICES IN PROSPECT HEIGHTS 6 N. Elmhurst Rd. (Rt. 83) 253-9080 IN HOFFMAN-SCHAUMBURG Higgins - Golf Shopping Center 884-1800 IN LAKE ZURICH South Old Rand Road 438-9300 IN PALATINE 728 E. Northwest Hwy. 358-5560 IN ROSELLE 1435 Roselle Road 529-4550 IN SCHAUMBURG 701 E. Golf Road 882-4120 IN STREAMWOOD 425 S. Bartlett Road 830-0860 Member M.A.P. MULTIPLE LISTING REAL ESTATE SERVICE Multiple Listing Service
Rights This material may be protected by U.S. Copyright Law (Title 17 U.S. Code) and is intended solely for personal or educational use. Any commercial use without permission is prohibited.
Description Welcome booklet for newcomers published in 1955. Gives basic information about base and services, map of the basem and information about the city of Dover.
Rights Management This digital image may be used for personal and educational purposes, as long as it is not substantially altered in any way. Prior written permission is required before publication.
If our help pages did not provide an answer to your question, please complete the form below. Mandatory fields are marked with *
Photo Copyright © Adrian Leirvik Larsen. All rights reserved. Airliners.net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein.
Sort by Recommended Sort by Part Number Sort by Name Sort by Price (Low to high) Sort by Price (High to low)
NDO/ VNA – A workshop on Vietnam’s struggle for independence and freedom was held in Kiev, Ukraine, on May 19, on the occasion of President Ho Chi Minh’s 126th birthday (May 19, 1890-2016).
Addressing the event, Vietnam’s charge d’affaires in Ukraine, Nguyen Phan Hong Hai highlighted President Ho Chi Minh’s role and contributions to the development of Vietnamese history as well as in the course of world history.
The diplomat said President Ho Chi Minh is a symbol of the friendship and unity between Vietnam and Ukraine, who laid solid foundations for the traditional and multifaceted co-operation relationship between the two countries.
The workshop is also an occasion to help Ukrainian people, especially young people, to learn more about Vietnamese people’s heroic struggle for independence and freedom, traditional cultural characteristics as well as the achievements from the present reform.
Participants at the conference shared the view that President Ho Chi Minh’s ideologies of equity and humanity, particularly the idea of “Nothing is more valuable than independence and freedom”, retain their value today.
Deputy PM requests suitable time for power price changes next year (Politics: Domestic, 5 hours ago)
How to make GIF animation of infinite recursion photosColoring. Coloring black and white photosGuide, how to use the application you will be able to draw your photosExamples
Prayer is the practice of the presence of God. It is the place where pride is abandoned, hope is lifted, and supplication is made. Prayer is the place of admitting our need, of adopting humility, and claiming dependence upon God. Prayer is the needful practice of the Christian. Prayer is the exercise of faith and hope. Prayer is the privilege of touching the heart of the Father through His Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.
Be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. And the peace of God, which surpasses all comprehension, shall guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. Phil. 4:6-7
My friend Chad spent a year as a shepherd in Wyoming. “Sheep are so dumb that they’ll only eat what is right in front of them,” he told me. “Even if they’ve eaten all the grass in front of them, they won’t turn to look for a fresh patch—they’ll just start eating dirt!”
We laughed, and I couldn’t help but think about how often the Bible compares humans to sheep. No wonder we need a shepherd! But since sheep are so dumb, not just any shepherd will do. Sheep need a shepherd who cares about them. When the prophet Ezekiel wrote to God’s people in exile, captives in Babylon, he compared them to sheep led by bad shepherds. Instead of caring for the flock, Israel’s leaders had exploited them, profiting from them (v. 3) and then leaving them for the wild animals to devour (v. 6).
But they were not without hope. God, the good shepherd, promised to rescue them from the leaders who exploited them. He promised to bring them home, put them in lush pastures, and give them rest. He would heal the injured and go after the lost (vv. 11–16). He would banish wild animals, so that his flock would be safe (v. 28).
As God’s flock, we are in need of tender care and direction. How blessed we are to have a Shepherd who is always leading us to green pastures! (v.14).
My neighbor Tim has a figurine on his dashboard of a “wild thing” from Maurice Sendak’s beloved children’s book Where the Wild Things Are.
Not long ago Tim was following me through traffic and made some abrupt moves to keep up. When we arrived, I asked, “Was that the ‘wild thing’ driving?”
The following Sunday I forgot my sermon notes at home. I “flew” out of the church to retrieve them, passing Tim along the way. When we met later, he joked, “Was that the wild thing driving?” We laughed, but his point hit home—I should have paid attention to the speed limit.
When the Bible describes what it means to live in a relationship with God, it encourages us to “offer every part of [ourselves]” to Him (Romans 6:13). I took Tim’s response to me that day as a gentle reminder from God to yield my “lead foot,” because I am to give all of myself to Him out of love.
The question of “who’s driving?” applies to all of life. Do we let the “wild things” of our old sin nature drive us—like worry, fear, or self-will—or do we yield to God’s loving Spirit and the grace that helps us grow?
Giving in to God is good for us. Scripture says that God’s wisdom takes us down “pleasant ways, and all her paths are peace” (Proverbs 3:17). Better to follow where He leads.
Dr. William Wallace was serving as a missionary surgeon in Wuzhou, China, in the 1940s when Japan attacked China. Wallace, who was in charge of Stout Memorial Hospital at the time, ordered the hospital to load his equipment on barges and continue to function as a hospital while floating up and down rivers to avoid infantry attacks.
During dangerous times, Philippians 1:21—one of Wallace’s favorite verses—reminded him that if he lived, he had work to do for the Savior; but if he died, he had the promise of eternity with Christ. The verse took on special poignancy when he died while falsely imprisoned in 1951.
Paul’s writing reflects a deep devotion we can aspire to as followers of Jesus; enabling us to face trials and even danger for His sake. It is devotion enabled by the Holy Spirit and the prayers of those closest to us (v. 19). It’s also a promise. Even when we surrender ourselves to continued service under difficult circumstances, it is with this reminder: when our life and work end here, we still have the joy of eternity with Christ ahead of us.
In our hardest moments, with hearts committed to walking with Christ now, and with our eyes firmly fixed on the promise of eternity with Him, may our days and our acts bless others with the love of God.
The anxious father and his teenage son sat before the psychic. “How far is your son traveling?” the psychic asked. “To the big city,” the man replied, “and he will be gone for a long time.” Handing the father a talisman (a kind of good-luck charm), he said, “This will protect him wherever he goes.”
I was that boy. However, that psychic and that talisman could do nothing for me. While in that city, I put my faith in Jesus. I threw away the talisman and clung to Christ. Having Jesus in my life guaranteed God’s presence.
Thirty years later, my father, now a believer, said to me as we rushed my brother to the hospital, “Let us first pray; the Spirit of God goes with you and will be with you all the way!” We had learned that God’s presence and power is our only security.
Moses learned a similar lesson. He had a challenging task from God—to lead the people out of bondage in Egypt and into the Promised Land (Exodus 3:10). But God assured him, “I will be with you” (v. 12).
Our journey too is not without challenges, but we are assured of God’s presence. As Jesus told His disciples, “I am with you always, to the very end of the age” (Matthew 28:20).
Even though confined to his bed, 92-year-old Morrie Boogaart continues to knit hats for the homeless in Michigan. By February 2017, he had reportedly made over 8,000 hats in fifteen years. Instead of focusing on his health or limitations, Mr. Boogaart looks beyond himself and does what he can to place the needs of others above his own. He declared that his work made him feel good and gave him a purpose. “I’m going to do this until I go home to the Lord,” he said. Though most recipients of his hats won’t know his story or how much he sacrificed to create each love cap, Morrie’s simple act of persevering love is now inspiring people across the world.
We too can look past our struggles, place others before ourselves, and imitate our loving and compassionate Savior—Jesus Christ (Philippians 2:1–5). God in the flesh—the King of Kings—took on the “very nature of a servant” in genuine humility (vv. 6–7). Giving His life—the ultimate sacrifice—He took our place on the cross (v. 8). Jesus gave everything for us . . . all for the glory of God the Father (vv. 9–11).
As Christ followers, it’s our privilege to show love and demonstrate concern for others through acts of kindness. Even if we don’t think we have much to offer, we can adopt the attitude of servanthood. We can actively seek opportunities to make a difference in people’s lives by simply doing what we can do.
We should be so one with God that we don’t need to ask continually for guidance. Sanctification means that we are made the children of God. A child’s life is normally obedient, until he chooses disobedience. But as soon as he chooses to disobey, an inherent inner conflict is produced.…
We should battle through our moods, feelings, and emotions into absolute devotion to the Lord Jesus. We must break out of our own little world of experience into abandoned devotion to Him. Think who the New Testament says Jesus Christ is, and then think of the despicable meagerness of the…
If anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; behold, all things have become new. —2 Corinthians 5:17
What understanding do you have of the salvation of your soul? The work of salvation means that in your real life things are dramatically changed. You no longer look at things in the same way. Your desires are new and the old things have lost their power to attract you.…
God’s command is, “Take now,” not later. It is incredible how we debate! We know something is right, but we try to find excuses for not doing it immediately. If we are to climb to the height God reveals, it can never be done later— it must be done now.…
After sanctification, it is difficult to state what your purpose in life is, because God has moved you into His purpose through the Holy Spirit. He is using you now for His purposes throughout the world as He used His Son for the purpose of our salvation. If you seek…
Bicycle rollers are one sort of bicycle coaching gadget which will help you to ride a bicycle indoors with out shifting forward. I actually get sick of listening to individuals say, “No pain, no gain!” However the old adage is true in relation to using bikes to lose weight. There are two major sorts of bicycle accidents that consequence from negligence outdoors of a rider’s control; motor autos and bicycle defects.
The type of mild bulb (LED, and halogen are two frequent sorts) can have an effect on how long the battery lasts, and in addition the worth of the system. Always choose a bicycle that suits the rider’s ability and the form of riding. My tail gentle has totally different blinking speeds, and is designed to make my bike visible to cars approaching from each the rear and the perimeters.
The typical parts of eth bicycle are wheels, frame, brakes, suspension, seating, carriers, drive practice or chains related between wheels and pedals, steering or handle and different accessories like bells, lights etc. Saddle that’s overly tilted downward will cause the rider to slide forward on the seat and cause him to take a seat on the fallacious spots on the saddle.
Protecting your bicycle at its optimum performance is basic for receiving the benefits of motorbike driving and using safely. A seat that is too high will take the weight of the rider off the pedals and put more weight on the saddle. This makes an electrical bicycle with a lithium ion battery a real discount in a time of rising gasoline costs.
By pushing your cycling distance or velocity, you’re positive to feel some pain in your leg muscle tissue, your hands, wrists, and your derriere- even some ache in your throat and lungs as your body tries to accommodate your elevated demand for oxygen.
about accident advantages americas auctions automobile automotive benefits between bicycle bicycles causes claims components coverage dealerships differences disadvantages driving elements enhance freight insurance knowhow lights mechanic medical Money parts penis program repair restore safety security service system tires transport transportation using variations vehicle vehicles worlds
Deutsch Plus Programme 7 Commentary: 7.30 am in Köln. Nico Antonescu is on his way to D Plus for another day working with Anna Daniels, the production secretary of Prima Plus, UIli Michel, the programme
Tags: based-on-consumer, consumer-reports, Credit Repair, nothing-because, purchase-one, several-offers
Advertisements for credit repair services are everywhere, but what do you get when you purchase one of these services. Really you receive hardly any and maybe nothing because based on consumer reports several offers ..
printable resume template for high school students best college student images on templates with no work experience.
sample resume for first year college student format best students templates with no job experience good template,resume template for college students with no experience cv examples templates student job samples and recent grads,resume template for college students with no experience sample format work student word,college resume template sample examples free premium templates format for students with no work experience student job,resume templates for college students with no job experience top format examples applying internships best,pin by on resume job sample format for college students pdf internship,resume templates college students no experience examples for with job format best collection good,resume template for college students with no experience good format work pdf internship samples writing guide genius,nursing student resume sample templates for college students with no job experience examples work pdf,resume examples for college students with no job experience good sample resumes template student example high school intended.
reclaimed wood paneling for sale reclaimed and recycled pallet board wall paneling wood panels for sale reclaimed hemlock paneling wood.
Furthermore, it options anti-allergen total seal know-how that retains ninety nine.9% of allergens out in the air. There’s onboard storage for the accessories and one contact Handle that lets you transfer from carpet to hard floor at 1 touch of the button.
I bought the Shark® Lift-Away™ Professional Steam and employed it a couple of situations. The mop alone is effective very well but The hand-held only works for a couple of seconds. It operates outside of steam definitely speedy. It took me more than an hour to clean then nooks and crannies of my kitchen area (which is not extremely large) simply because I had to continuously anticipate it to regenerate steam all over again.
This item is just not fantastic but performs perfectly. Now we have all difficult flooring by way of out your home, so I have not experimented with it on carpet. I obtained this to exchange my mop. I had been Fed up with mixing cleaning chemical substances and/or getting replacement pads for swifters or whatever. This was an awesome alternative for that. Some nastier grim requires a minimal further work, but ultimately cleans up. The jet spray eradicated marker and crayons from your wall incredibly well.
I love, appreciate, enjoy my Shark Lift Away. It's got reduced the amount of time I devote carrying out housework each week. I have a deep clean performed weekly so no extra Work opportunities mounting up.
To mention that Shark will make a lot of vacuums is like saying there are a lot of stars within the sky on a clear night: they make lots of vacuums. That includes vacuums which are manufactured for unique distribution by a particular shops, including Goal, Kohl's, Walmart, Bed Tub & Beyond, and doubtless several others that we do not even understand about. The reality is that many Shark vacuums are really identical, different only by options and selling price. For this update, the Shark Navigator Lift-Away NV352 (Est. $two hundred) rises to the highest as one of the Shark line's most affordable, multipurpose, simple to operate vacuums. It is also not distinctive to any specific retailer, you can find it almost everywhere Shark vacuums are sold. Among the list of best attributes of your Navigator NV352 is its versatility. It might be converted right into a canister vacuum using the Shark's "Lift-Away" procedure to easily detach the key vacuum device and ability head through the upright's framework. That makes it simpler to clean in difficult spots like stairs and below beds. The NV552 has an eleven.5-inch cleaning path, a tad slender when compared to some upright vacuum cleaners, and a few say they need it were being wider; even so, its extreme maneuverability and very good assortment of incorporated accessories make that a non-challenge, most say. In fact, at TheSweethome.com, tester Liam McCabe puts that in a constructive light-weight, saying it tends to make the vacuum all the more maneuverable concerning furnishings and chair legs. A good number of proprietors also comment that It can be really easy to press that it won't experience similar to a chore to just take Those people additional passes that its slender width will make necessary. It weighs just 12.five kilos, quite light as compared to many other full-sized, upright vacuums. As for accessories, the NV352 has a nice choice. Out in the box, the Shark Navigator includes a dusting brush, a 5.5-inch crevice Instrument as well as a 24-inch crevice Instrument -- fantastic, end users say, for edging alongside baseboards, ceilings and higher shelves. The most popular attachment definitely, while is the pet energy brush, that makes brief operate of pet hair on upholstery. If you want far more accessories, there are A number of that exist to order individually.
Hose and accessories: Press the tackle or wand launch button on the back from the manage, dependant upon the level of get to you call for. Lift the cope with up, insert an accessory onto the tip of the wand, press the facility button, and begin cleaning.
New subscriber? We'll Supply you with 10% off your up coming order like a Distinctive perk just for signing up for the list.*
Press the door shut right until it clicks. If required, press the best doorway release button and remove the fluff screen to clean. Faucet gently to remove contents or wipe clean with a smooth fabric. Remember to swap the fluff display after emptying. The dust cup should be emptied each time you vacuum and if the dust cup seems complete.
You will find a put up-motor HEPA filter Situated on The underside in the device, which must be cleaned somewhere around just about every 12 months. To eliminate, entirely recline the vacuum physique to accessibility the HEPA cartridge. You may as well eliminate the floor nozzle by pressing the orange nozzle release button within the aspect on the device.
I bought the steam mop on a friend's recomendation but it doesn't Reside nearly guarantee. Although the thought of your products is excellent the efficiency is lacking.
Filters may perhaps need to be cleaned When the vacuum stops buying up Grime, airflow is restricted, or if you detect lighter or no suction. Tap filters clean periodically and wash them in accordance with the normal cleaning agenda to take care of optimum performance.
The settings allow you to dust, mop or read scrub mop. I have not utilized the "handheld" part of the device yet for steamming out wrinkles in drapes or garments but I am confident it'll do The work just as properly. The "carpet glider" attachment is perfect for freshening up any rug(s). Also, the duration from the electrical twine on this device is magnificent, I am able to plug it into one particular outlet and clean three-four rooms at any given time (according to my residence's floor prepare). Paying for this product was the best idea and effectively worth it.
There was no variation each pulled up precisely the same level of dirt. Then I attempted it on my hard Wooden floors. I liked it best to the hard Wooden floors. But only because it was much easier than finding on my fingers and knees to clean them. This products is ok although not worth the $250.00 I put in. To really make it even worse, While they say one hundred% a refund assurance such as transport...They do not refund your original $50.00 delivery.
The instauration of the communist regime in 1945 in Romania took most of the Romanian population by a kind of childish and ingenuous surprise.
Even if the communists took the power in several phases, first by imposing the first communist government in March 1945, then by forcing King Mihai to abdicate in December 1947, the Romanian society was far from being prepared for the hell which was about to arrive in the country.
During and after the war, many Romanians were at first sure, then their cetitude turned into mere hope, that the Allies will not abandon us to the bolsheviks.
It remained as anthological the expression that Romanians were dying killed by the communists, with their eyes turned to the sky to search the help coming miraculously from the American aircrafts, that never arrived…
The imported character of the Romanian communism (imposed with the force of arms by the soviet tanks) made the people believe that it will only be a temporary state, from which the civilized world will surely rescue us, for the sake of our European membership, of our role in the War and of our Royal family's (apparently) strong bounds with the other European rulers.
Therefore, after seing that all attempts (both political and military) to fight communism and to save the country (naively tried first by the means of elections by the historical parties, still confident that genuine democracy will finally prevail, then heroicaly continued by the armed resistence in the mountains – which was prolonged far into the fifties), failed under the soviet barbarism and under the inside treason, many Romanians decided that the only way out of the communist inferno was crossing the border, no matter the cost, to the free world.
In theory, Romania was surrounded by other countries opressed by the soviet communist power (the soviet union itself to the east and north east, Bulgaria to the south, Hungary to the west-north-west). So, in principle, the positions of the totalitarian state were solid in terms of security of its borders. Romania became, starting with the mid forties, a large and terrible prison, which was able to suffocate even the slightest endevour to force its political and geographical limits.
Still, the west-south west frontier bordered the sui generis Yugoslavia, communist, but not sovietic, totalitarian, but opened to the free world.
(In the course of the eighties, fugitives were often considering chosing Hungary as a preferable route, for what we identified as two reasons:
1.Yugoslav authorities began to return to Romania fugitives seized already on their teritory; in these cases the fugitives were apprehended in Yugoslavia, sentenced to short term prison sanctions on the spot and then sent back to Romania, where they would face the true revengeful punishment of the regime. The base for this dramatic chance of atitude was a treaty between Romania and Yugoslavia, concluded in 1964, on the ground of which Yugoslavia would return fugitives to Romania and, in exchange, Romania would provide free food goods to Yugoslavia.
2.Hungary was witnessing a relaxation of statute on its border with Austria and became more opened to considering to “close its eyes” to many of the cases where its teritory was crossed by Romanian fugitives on their way to Austria and to the Western world.) Starting with 1986 an accord, similar with the one with Yugoslavia, comes into force.)
The first years of communism in Romania were the experience of total and uncovered abuse. No authority really cared about domestic legislation, about international treaties or about human rights.
In time, the system became more and more perfidious and hypocrite, covering the crime under the shadow of legality. The criminal oppression became more and more professional.
Defending the state border from the “imminent invasion” of “the imperialists” or against “Tito the butcher” became a major priority to the Bucharest totalitarian regime.
No effort was big enough to defend this border, both from the attack of outsiders, but mostly from the attempts of “traitors” and “spies”, to leave the motherland and to compromise the cause and the “heroic achievments” of the working class. For these there was no mercy. They were treated as traitors and like deserters and eliminated as such.
Starting from the forties, border guards were entitled – in fact obliged – to use fire arms and any kind of other criminal means to stop fugitives from escaping.
From 1949 illegal crossing the Romanian border (both as a completed deed and as an attempt) was considered a crime and stipulated as such in the Penal Code. But boder crimes were tried and convictions ruled even from 1948.
When analysing the complex phenomenon of the crimes commited on the Romanian border during the communist regime, we must study separately:
-a proper way to approach each segment of information (the atitude of the totalitarian regime as a whole and/or the conduct of individual perpetrators in individual cases).
1.Statistics of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (henceforward refered to as UN Statistics)
2.Final Report from 2006 of the Presidential Commission for Investigating the communist dictatorship in Romania (Tismaneanu Report)
-”Frontieristii” (“The Border Fugitives”), book written by the Timisoara journalist Brandusa Armanca and published in 2011 at the “Curtea Veche” publishing house (Brandusa Armanca book)
-”Granita” (“The Border”), book writen by the Timisoara journalist Doina Magheti and published in 2007 at the “Marineasa” publishing house (Doina Magheti book)
1.the court files regarding the cases of the fugitives tried by the civil courts on the basis of the Romanian Penal Code (very numerous, but exclusively turned against living persons, captured while attempting to cross the state border). In these cases, the fugitives were tried for the crime of “illegal border crossing”, stipulated in the Romanian Penal Code adopted in 1968 under article 245.
(I myself, in my capacity of lawyer “stagiaire” at the time, defended, between 1986-1989, before the Hunedoara first instance court (“Judecatoria Hunedoara”), tenths of defendants prosecuted for article 245 of the Penal Code, being afterwards investigated myself by the Securitate officers for “too zealous activity in the interest of these defendants” and for suspicion of complicity or even faciliting defendants whom I was appointed to defend.)
Observation: the present law in force in todays Romania does not rehabilitate the convicted for border crossing. The majority of the old convicts still suffer from the total destruction of their lives (they lost their jobs, their income, some of them their families, they are regarded as criminals, people with criminal records that nobody want to have to do with). For these reasons, they would not speak about their experiences, out of persistent fear and shame.
2.the court files regarding the cases of perpetrators (border guards) in cases of killings or other agressions, commited against fugitives; these files were tried by military courts, considering the military status of the perpetrators. (we identified, for the year 1989, only one case of prosecution of a military border guard for killing a fugitive. Most of the other perpetrators were absolved from penal responsibility (and also from civil liability, since no family member would have dared to file a civil claim against the killer and no Romanian court of the time would have issued a ruling favorable to the family of the victim).
Crimes were commited both officially (in the form of the legitimate reaction of border guards facing a fugitive act) or unoficially (fugitives beaten to death, mangled to death by dogs).
It is well known and officially accepted that the fugitives caught by the border guards were submitted to severe abuse and to unimaginable brutality.
(One of the members of the Timisoara Society, journalist himself, the late Iosif Costinas, wrote and published in the nineties a number of articles investigating brutality, abuse and killing along the border. He was sued by a retired border officer, subject of the press stories, and Iosif Costinas was convicted by a Timisoara court for libel. Iosif Costinas dissapeared in may 2002. Human remains were found near Timisoara months after and were declared to be of Iosif Costinas, who was subsequently declared dead by a Timisoara court.)
In numerous situations, both before and after 1968, border fugitives were subject to political convictions, sentenced to death and executed. Their families were notified that they were legitimately shot while attempting to ilegally cross the state border.
One of the most common manner to try to escape was the crossing by swimming across the Danube – natural border line between Romania and Yugoslavia (sometimes with oxygen tubes, with special boats, with guides who would show them the best place to cross, but who very often betrayed them willingly or forcibly).
Many of the fugitives (we do not have numbers for the moment) were deadly shot while in the water or even after having already arrived on the Yugoslav shore. Some were just wounded, but died by drowning. On the today Serbian bank of the Danube (at a place called Cladova or Kladovo) there is a cemetery, where Romanian fugitives killed by Romanian border guards are buried).
Other known cemeteries were killed border fugitives were buried, along the Danube, were identified in the Brandusa Armanca book:
We should also observe that the course of the history of communism in Romania is divided in two separate periods:
1.The soviet period (1945-1968), when Romania was governed according to the decisions issued in Moskow (and applied by the Romanian obedient servants of the soviets).
During this time the legislation was more or less uniform in all the countries behind the iron curtain. The official and unofficial reactions were brutal and primitive, the force was used openly and without any consideration to the law, which was only vaguely observed, but which was most of the time considered a waste of time.
In the legislation of that period we identify the Decision of the Council of Ministers (Hotararea Consiliului de Ministri) no. 1554/1952, which stipulates that courts can sentence to confinement in working camps “those condemned for sabotage, smuggling and illegal border crossing before and after 1945” (quote from the Tismaneanu Report).
The same source observes that the number of border fugitives in Romania increases from year to year, reaching the largest number between 1980-1989.
The Brandusa Armanca book asserts that “in 1958 the total number of border fugitives imprisoned in the Gherla penitentiary was of around 350 – 400”.
2.The nationalist period (1968-1989), when, 3 years after the coming into power of Ceausescu (1965), Romania turned into an autonomous dictatorship -firmly separated from the Soviet Union -, which invented its own means of preserving its border security.
In 1968 the Ceausescu regime adopts a new Penal Code, which incriminates the illegal border crossing in article 245 as a completed deed and as an attempt, fixing a punishment of imprisonment between 6 months and 3 years.
This period is characterized by the hypocrisy and perfidiousness we early mentioned and this becomes obvious by the adoption of the Decree no. 367/1971 concerning the regime of arms and ammunition, which forces the military border guards to use fire against any attempts to illegal crossing.
1.the criminal politics of the Romanian communist state itself, that turns killing into a legal measure against border fugitives. This political step is to be put into balance with the Constitution newly adopted in 1965, which stipulates the inviolabilty of the person in article 31, but does not declare or guarrantee the right to life. This approach would imply the criminal responsibility of the Romanian state as an entity, which was thus violating the provisions of a number of international treaties previously signed (including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights).
2.the criminal (excesive) application of this law by individual border guards, who subsequently benefit from the protection of the state which does not prosecute or even less, convicts them for murder. This approach would imply criminal responsibility both for the perpetrator and (indirectly) for the state, which favored the crime, by the absence of any prosecuting action against the perpetrator.
Note: Romania (as other states too) has even at present in its legislation provisions which entitle border guards to open fire, after the legal summons, when the border line is being illegaly crossed in one sense or the other.
-the statistics do not include the ones returned to Romania by Yugoslavian or Hungarian authorities, nor they include the ones killed on the border.
(Brandusa Armanca shows that, only in 1989, a number of 46 746 Romanians asked for political asylum in Western Europe.)
The long list of those who either tried or even succeeded to cross the border contains famous names, such as the champion gymnast Nadia Comaneci (who fled via Hungary in November 1989), the members of the rock band Phoenix and others.
For some of them the regime would limit to defame or to ignore (banning any reference to their names from the public conscience) after their act of treason.
For others of the fugitives, who became famous disidents well known for their constant fight against the communist regime from abroad (like Paul Goma, Cornel Chiriac - both journalists for Radio Free Europe based in Munchen at the time), the regime used its long criminal arm and murdered or tried to murder them, by sometimes using the services of the reputed hit man called “Carlos the Jackal”.
In fact, the Munchen offices of Radio Free Europe themselves were the target of attempts of bombing, organized by Romanian agents. (By mistake, the bombing was put in place on February 21st, 1981, at the Radio Free Europe Czech section instead of the Romanian section.)
(In the nineties, the press opened a dramatic case which investigated the circumstances of the incidents happened near Timisoara in august 1981, when three young men took hostages the passengers of a bus in the Hunedoara district, trying to force the driver to cross the border.
The Militia and the Securitate proceeded to a totally chaotic operation to solve the crisis, by opening fire over the bus which was driving towards Timisoara, killing and severily injuring about 20 hostages. In the course of the operation, the 3 perpetrators – called terorists – where murdered by the authorities, by the direct order of Ceausescu.
After the publication of the press file, the prosecutors office begun the legal investigation ex officio, the file ending with the conviction of those responsable, according to the chain of command, until the Minister of the Interior active in 1981 (George Homosteanu), who was convicted in 1993. The sentence was stipulating the conviction for the execution, without any judgment, of the three, as well as for the killing of the hostages (at least 6 of them).
It was, according to what we know now, the only case finalized with convictions for an attempted border crossing after 1989.
In order to identify the most efficient ways to study the border killings, it is important to study the archives of the Military Courts and especially the Military Prosecutor s office, for the files which never arrived to a court.
-the possible classification of the files, which could be overcome by legal proceedings to declassify them (see the proceedings used successfully by the Association “21 Decembrie 1989” from Bucharest – president Teodor Maries, member of the Timisoara Society – to obtain the declassification of a part of the Revolution files)
-the possible distruction of the files (the obligation to preserve them is – from what we learned – of 20 years maximum). Our investigation is still in course.
The Proclamation of Timisoara (the document issued in March 1990 by the Timisoara Society) mentions that there is almost no ordinary Romanian (with the exception of the Nomenklatura and the Securitate) that has not thought, at least once in his/her lifetime, during the communist regime, to escape from Romania, which had became a huge and unbearable prison.
Too many of them were killed on their way to freedom. Here are some of them, enumerated in the book of Brandusa Armanca:
-an unidentified girl who jumped from the train directly into the Danube, shot and killed by the border guards
To be able to provide you with a good experience when you browse mydirtyhobby and also to improve the website, we recommend to enable Cookies in your browser settings. More info : Click here
This site is operated by Colbette II Limited. Registered address: Block 1, 195-197 Old Nicosia-Limassol Road, Dali Industrial zone, Cyprus 2540.
mydirtyhobby is the biggest amateur community worldwide. Currently there are 9.454 Users online. You can find 457.409 videos and 4.449.142 pictures.
Since I came to the U.S., I have spent tremendous time directing Chinese Music ensemble in educational settings, or, to be more specifically, within a world music/ethnomusicological curriculum. Differing from a "regular" ensemble which is usually formed by core members and meets regularly to rehearse or have performance, the Chinese music ensemble as an academic course provides students a great opportunity to have hands-on practice of the music from Chinese culture(s) and to experience musical and dialectical cultural exchange at home. Therefore, students are not expected to be an "expert" nor "professional" musician, in this special context the students are meant to gain better understanding of Chinese culture through their musical exercise.
In this sense, the first type of training I provide is semester-based and course-based class, targeting to take most beginners (with some returning and experienced musicians/students) to try the instruments they are interested and introduce repertoire of different regional or genre-specific styles. The general goal is to be able to give a 60 to 90 minutes concert in the end of each semester. In the past years, my students enjoyed their experience of taking challenge to try unfamiliar instruments and were proud of their accomplishment of giving successful performance.
In addition to training in semester-based educational settings, I can also provide long-term training of an Chinese music ensemble formed by students, amateurs, or anyone who is interested in Chinese music.
The most dangerous and exciting car race in the universe is held only once every five years. And that's tonight. The competitors are lined up at the starting block. In his vehicle, JP, the most daredevil driver on the circuit, is ready for the green light. Female driver Sonoshee, with whom he is secretly in love, is also on the starting line. She will stop at nothing to get on to that podium. In this race, not only is anything possible, but also anything is allowed. In fact, their adversaries have modified their vehicles to equip them with highly destructive weapons; with such participants, it is hardly surprising that Redline is forbidden by the authorities, who will try anything to halt the proceedings. These speed addicts have to put themselves in mortal danger to achieve their aim: eternal glory for those who finally mount the podium.
- Sony Computer Entertainment President and CEO Ken Kutaragi, asked in 1994 who he thought the biggest competition would be for his upcoming PlayStation game console.
Support independent filmmaking by buying straight from the source. Here are some goodies to get you started. Rick has been known to autograph DVDs and T-Shirts every now and then, so if you ask nicely we might be able to get him to do it.
We accept payment via PayPal (you can also use your credit card this way) or bank transfer. If youre in the US and really want to use one of those archaic things called a check, let us know what you want, and well tell you where to send that little piece of paper. Send all orders to info@rickfilms.de.
The EDUCATIONAL AND LIBRARY VERSION is available in the USA and Canada through our partner DARK HOLLOW FILMS, and everywhere else through Film Platform. If you're an educator or librarian, please order your copy from the respective distributor. Students and film fans, please ask your university or local library to order a copy of the film through Dark Hollow or Film Platform.
For PERSONAL USE ONLY, you can order the DVD here or stream or download the film through the player below. Thanks!
Theyre great folks and they offer a 25% discount off the suggested retail price. You might also find a few other titles in their fine collection that catch your fancy. And check out the nifty green Digipak packaging. The only plastic is the disc tray.
If you order directly from us, wed be overjoyed to take your $18 + $6 shipping & handling (worldwide), plus well thrown in a few goodies at no extra expense.
Weve got all kinds, made of the finest high-quality 100% cotton with a logo that absolutely refuses to wash away.
The perfect place to start. We'll give you one DVD and one T-shirt of your choice, plus some top-secret hillbilly goodies to be found nowhere else on this planet, all for the price of €30 ($34) + shipping (Europe: €7 or $8 , rest of the world: €8 or $9). Please specify the size and color of T-shirt. Payment as described at top of page. Place your order here.
Back before Branson, Missouri became a household name, Rick was exploring all the nooks and crannies of this Bible Belt Las Vegas. The result is this heartfelt, entertaining film about God, country and country music.
Oh Boy, that was a long time ago, but if you'd still like to see some of the stuff I did early on in my filmmaking career, check out my YouTube and Vimeo channels.
You can also stream or download my 24 min. film "The Book of Lenins",which was digitally remastered from the original 16mm negative in 2016. Or buy the DVD here: English cover PAL format or German cover PAL format.
Make sure you check out my 2012 short "The Godfather of Bubbles"  a collaborative effort with photographers Jan Lieske and Annette Wulff.
We have not found any Constitution Day links for the Washington Department of Education. If you are aware of any, please post them below.
Contact Washington legislators and encourage them to pass Celebrate Freedom Week. Send them a copy of model legislation found here and use the sample contact letter found here but modify it in any way you like to make it more personal. You can find your legislator’s contact info here.
Ask if they would allow you to find local veterans who could come speak in classes or assemblies about why they were willing to die for freedom and the American Constitutional principles. Then contact the local VFW and American Legion about the opportunity.
Send them links to Constitution Day resources from other states, such as Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Kentucky.
Ask your local school district to ask the state department of education to create a web page for educators with resources for Constitution Day in your state.
Add comments and photos to this page about what your local school district is doing for Constitution Day and how legislators are responding to your request for CFW
Rick is one of the most dynamic and inspirational speakers in America today. He equips, empowers and challenges about 100,000 people a year in live audiences and millions more through radio and television.
His moving presentations often include his children, as they help to passionately explain the bedrock principles which led to America’s place as the most successful nation in the history of the world.
Rick is one of the most dynamic and inspirational speakers in America today. He equips, empowers and challenges about 100,000 people a year in live audiences and millions more through radio and television. His moving presentations often include his children, as they help to passionately explain the bedrock principles which led to America’s place as the most successful nation in the history of the world. Read more ...
“Rick Green’s unique combination of humor, history, and inspiration will leave a lasting impression on your audience and add tremendous value to your event.”
“When a young speaker like Rick Green gets a standing ovation from thousands of people at one of our 'Get Motivated Seminars,' it’s obvious his message is timely and resonates powerfully with audiences everywhere.”
Join Rick Green in an interactive classroom presentation recorded at the birthplace of our U.S. Constitution: Independence Hall, Philadelphia, PA. This entertaining and informative course helps citizens understand the Constitution, our guaranteed rights and our duty as free citizens.
Black Country Map: Location of Cradley in Dudley Borough in the south of the Black Country. [Image courtesy of Black Country Investments]
Cradley is in the Black Country of the West Midlands of England, historically in north Worcestershire, now Dudley.
Our home town of Cradley was at the forefront of the industrial revolution that swept the world and it became famous for hand-made iron chain, also coal mining and brick making.
This web site - like its forerunner also called Cradley Links - is dedicated to advancing knowledge of our rich local and family history and making it widely available.
This web page may also include copyright material owned by third parties and used with their permission.
On the first day of every month the City Daily Photo Community comes together publishing photos from around the world with their interpretation of a chosen theme.
These are ear loops for western bridle I've completed in the last days, two made using braided rope and one in rolled leather.
A new set made by a padded collar and a training leash, both made in hazel leather with caramel padding and solid brass hardware. The training leash measures 2 m x 12 mm and mounts scissor snaps.
Appunti di Selleria, italian for Sketches from the Saddlery: here you'll find tack, equestrian accessories, collars and leashes for dogs, riveting repairs reports, care tips and many more.
Every item I'm displaying here is unique, custom-cut, entirely handmade following the traditional methods and using only first class materials.
I'm just an enthusiast, this is NOT a shop so I cannot publish pricing... but this doesn't mean I cannot make something for you!
This is the english translation of my italian blog... Sorry, I'm an italian guy and english's not my first language. Translation is still in progress, older posts are not availabe in english yet but they will come soon!
In recent years, the Ombudsman has inquired into the language regimes applied by some individual EU institutions. One of the conclusions reached was that EU institutions may legitimately restrict the use of languages in internal communications and documents. Another conclusion was that language restrictions may legitimately be applied in administrative procedures with outside stakeholders, such as in public tenders and calls for proposals, where the EU interacts with a limited group of stakeholders. However, the Ombudsman notes that there is significant inconsistency across the institutions: at present, language restrictions and their rules, where they exist, vary from one EU institution to another. In the absence of clear rules and proper justification for applying restricted language regimes, it is not surprising that the public may be confused. Two specific areas of concern relate to the use of languages on the institutions’ websites and public consultations on new policies or potential legislative proposals.
As a consequence, the European Ombudsman has launched a public consultation on its website in order to promote a discussion on how the EU can best communicate with the public in a way that promotes linguistic diversity while taking into account administrative and budgetary constraints.
The public consultation is open until 30 September 2018 and consists of 10 questions relating to rules and practices on language restrictions, EU websites, public consultation and other topics. Contributions may be submitted in any of the 24 official languages of the EU.
All this time later, some things have changed and some have not. Some of my friends are doing well and some are not. Some are working and some are not. However, in the bigger picture, I can see that many of the people I’ve grown to know are already actively working on creating a better tomorrow.
The third Ridenbaugh Press book by W. Scott Jorgensen is out, and Jorgensen is traveling around the state, speaking to groups in communities large and small – and selling copies as he goes. Next week, he’ll have a book signing at the Oregon State Capitol.
This book has three main themes. It’s a look inside Oregon’s state capitol, its urban-rural divide and the last days of former Governor John Kitzhaber’s administration.
The main title refers to the tensions that exist in these settings and the challenges faced by our public institutions and the people in them. It’s about everything that goes into keeping it all going on a daily basis.
This work consists of observations from inside and outside the capitol as I made my way around the state, and the very obvious disconnects between what happens in those places. It also includes various columns I’ve written and some speeches I’ve given that matched those general themes.
Every effort was also made to include those concepts in the front and back cover art. I wanted to capture the feel of being outside of the capitol and looking in, as well as from the inside looking out to represent that sense of duality.
I also realized, as this book was coming together, that I had several pictures that could shed further light on the look and feel of the capitol building during a legislative session. Those are included in a photo section in the middle of the book.
One of my other goals in writing this was to make sure that no more than half of it took place in Salem. There are chapters from literally all over the state to further illustrate the many differences all over.
What follows is a look at two regular legislative sessions, one special session, one short session, a primary election and a general election, all of which took place in the space of two and a half years.
W. SCOTT JORGENSEN has reported on local and state government for various Oregon publications, and was a news director and talk show host. He works at the Oregon State Legislature, and lives in Wilsonville with his wife and children.
The nuclear industry encompasses all industries related to atomic energy. The major tasks of the nuclear industry are to produce nuclear fuel, radioisotope production and to construct nuclear reactors and nuclear power plants, nuclear power generation (power generation and heating) and nuclear weapons.
The nuclear industry itself is a very complicated and highly technical industrial system. The process of a single enterprise in the system is also very complicated. The technology requirements are high, and the amount of investment in scientific research and construction is large. At present, only a few countries have complete technical system of nuclear power industry, and other countries and regions mainly rely on the introduction of nuclear power.
China's nuclear industry was founded in 1955. In 1950, the Institute of modern physics of Chinese Academy of Sciences was set up, and the research work of nuclear science and technology was carried out. In October 16, 1964, our country's first atomic bomb exploded successfully. The first hydrogen bomb exploded in June 17, 1967. In December 26, 1970, China launched its first nuclear submarine.
On the civil front, in early 70s, China carried out research and design work on nuclear power plants. In June 1983, China's first self designed 300 thousand KW nuclear power plant, "Qinshan Phase 1" broke ground. Subsequently, the introduction of French technology, construction in Guangdong, Dayawan Province, 2 x 900 thousand kilowatts of large nuclear power plants.
Chinese nuclear industry first pioneering achievements, mainly reflected in two aspects: one is the successful development of the "two bombs and one boat two is established a complete industrial system of nuclear technology.
China now not only has a variety of atomic bomb, the hydrogen bomb, bomb and other strategic nuclear arsenals, beginning from the middle of 60s, China has successfully developed medium range, long-range and intercontinental and submarine missile launch system, established a strong strategic missile forces.
nuclear fuel system has initially formed a complete scientific research and production system. The nuclear fuel element has been nationalized and serialized. Now, China's nuclear fuel industry system has the capacity to meet the needs of the nuclear arsenal and nuclear power industry.
China's nuclear power development in the research and development of nuclear power technology, engineering design, equipment manufacturing, construction, operation and management and other aspects, formed a team with experienced technical and management personnel.
Domestic nuclear industry system of each department of national economy is to provide a variety of radioactive isotope products, isotope instruments and radiation technique of nuclear technology. The development of the nuclear industry has also promoted the development of many new fields of science, such as radiation chemistry, radiation chemistry, radiation dosimetry, nuclear medicine, nuclear electronics, etc.
Nuclear energy is a safe energy, at present, China nuclear power has built 11 units. The operation data show that the operation performance and safety record of China's nuclear power is good, the operation level is improving, the main operating characteristic parameters of mean data were higher than that of the world nuclear power plant operation parameters.
Nuclear energy is clean energy and nuclear activity seldom produces or does not produce these pollutants. From a global perspective, the world's primary energy consumption of 7% of nuclear energy will decrease about 20 tons of carbon dioxide emissions per year.
The initial investment of nuclear power station is high, but the operation cost is very low, and the design life of nuclear power station is generally 40~60 years. The economy of nuclear power plants is not obvious in the first 10 years of life, but the operation in the following decades will be incomparable to other power plants.
The Chinese government plans that by 2020, the installed capacity of nuclear power will reach 58GW in transit, and 30GW under construction. From 2002 to 2015, China has completed the construction and operation of 28 new nuclear power plants. At present, there are 33 units in operation, 22 units under construction, including 4 AP1000 nuclear power units (the world's first reactor) and high temperature gas cooled reactor demonstration power plant, also plans to build more units, will begin within three years. In addition, China has begun exporting its own reactor designs, and the research and development of China's nuclear reactor technology is good.
At present, China's nuclear power in the total amount of electricity is still low, accounting for only about 3%, still far below the global average of 11%, the safety and efficiency of nuclear power development space is enormous. Along with our country with completely independent intellectual property rights of the three generation million kilowatt nuclear power technology "Hualong No.1" continue to go out of the country, with the national "The Belt and Road" strategy, export a nuclear power generating units and the subsequent supply of fuel, operation support, the units of the entire life cycle can earn100 billion yuan.
The development of nuclear power will bring great impetus to the rapid development of nuclear power equipment industry. In the next 10 years, the total investment scale of China's nuclear power will be as high as 1 trillion yuan, of which the domestic nuclear power equipment manufacturers will share about 320 billion yuan market..
According to China's nuclear power industry development plan, by 2020, the total installed capacity of nuclear power should reach 40 million kilowatts, 18 million kilowatts under construction.In the "13th Five-Year" period, according to industry estimates of nuclear power construction total investment of nearly 500 billion yuan; among them, in the spent fuel processing operation of nuclear power generation, the treatment cost per ton of 1 million 670 thousand yuan terms, will give rise to 10 billion yuan in the market space.
2014-2015 years,to build at least 10 million kilowatts. In case of 1 million kilowatts a unit, China need to build about 10 units.
China's nuclear industry has nuclear power research and design team with complete knowledge of nuclear power, and has formed design management and interface control procedures and quality management system. The team has grasped some mature foreign nuclear power design technology;
China's nuclear industry has established a professional nuclear scientific research system, training a high level of nuclear power research team, has been built with the international standards of large-scale nuclear power technology test base, with independent development ability and the ability to absorb foreign advanced technology, basically can meet the needs of independent design, and provide a strong guarantee for the progress and the subsequent development of nuclear power technology.
Both domestic projects and foreign projects have established a standardized corporate governance structure, and the project owners are fully responsible for the construction and operation of nuclear power plants. Good results have been achieved in the three aspects of quality, schedule and investment, and valuable experience has been accumulated.
At present, the basic ability has gained to process and manufacture most of the nuclear island equipment and the main equipment.
In order to meet the sustained economic development, according to the NDRC and the national home appliance network company planning and requirements, the national total installed capacity of electricity in 2010 and 2020, need to reach 600 million kilowatts and nearly 1 billion kilowatts.
Dayawan nuclear power plant is invested by the Guangdong nuclear power company and built by the Famatong company, it has 2 x 900 thousand KW power. It was put into commercial operation in 1993, and the annual generating capacity of two units was up to 10 billion degrees.
Qinshan Phase 1 nuclear power plant is the first pilot reactor nuclear power station designed and constructed in China with power of 1 * 300 thousand kw. The success of Qinshan nuclear power station has enabled us to independently design and build small power nuclear power plants.
Qinshan phase three nuclear power station is a CANDU heavy water pressurized reactor. It was invested, designed, constructed and operated by Canadian Atomic Energy Co., Ltd.. After 20 years of operation, property rights and management belong to china. Qinshan phase three nuclear power plant is 2 * 700 thousand kilowatts.
Tianwan Nuclear Power Plant Phase I is invested and built by Jiangsu Nuclear Power Corp, with the use of two sets of Russian produced VVER - 1000 PWR nuclear power unit. The power is 2 * 1 million kw.
Guangdong Oriental zirconium industry Polytron Technologies Inc was founded in 1995, is a professional engaged in zirconium series products research and development, production and management of national key high-tech enterprise, is China's zirconium industry leading technology, the size of the top, the most core competitiveness and comprehensive competitiveness of enterprises, one of the manufacturers is the world's most complete variety of zirconium products.
The company has a total of five production bases, with an annual total output value of more than one billion.
The company has completed the product chain and technological chain spanning, completed a complete and perfect zirconium industry chain, into the nuclear power, nuclear power industry, and strive for the realization of nuclear power equipment and nuclear power materials localization and make contributions.
In 2016, the company produced an annual output of 20 thousand tons of high-purity chlorine zirconium oxide project officially put into operation. This project will greatly improve the company's high purity zirconium oxychloride production capacity, and meet the company's downstream zirconium production, and release upstream material zirconium oxychloride demand, and help companies improve the market competitiveness of each product.
The company and its subsidiaries, Rui Ming, zirconium signed the asset shares agreement with the Australia listed company Image Resources Ltd.Rui Ming zirconium industry has become the largest shareholder of Image, the completion of this transaction, marks a major breakthrough upstream integration strategy, with overseas high-quality rare earth resources ,the company will fill the domestic manufacturers demand gap.
China first heavy industry group company (referred to as one heavy group), was founded in 1954, is China's nuclear island equipment leader, the international advanced nuclear island equipment suppliers and service providers.
China first heavy industry group company vigorously promote nuclear industrial products, technology and market development, has become an important global supplier of both nuclear and nuclear island casting and forging a complete set of equipment manufacturing capacity.
China first heavy industry group company is the first domestic development and production of nuclear power equipment company, is the largest supplier of nuclear power forgings, nuclear reactor pressure more than 70% containers of nuclear forgings, nuclear power plants currently under construction, more than 80% of the Chinese by a heavy production, strong push the safe and efficient development of national nuclear power industry.
Shanghai electric group Limited by Share Ltd is one of China's comprehensive equipment manufacturing industry group. The leading industries are energy equipment, industrial equipment and modern service industry.
Shanghai Electric has 4 state-level and 14 municipal enterprise technical centers, 2 national accredited laboratories, 2 key laboratories in industry, 4 municipal engineering research centers, and 39 high-tech enterprises in Shanghai". With Tsinghua University, Shanghai Jiaotong University, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai Institute of power generation equipment research institute, Huaneng Group, a research consortium, cooperation in the development of more than 200 research projects, set up 5 "Shanghai electric academy studio and 6 graduate work room.
In 2015, Shanghai electric Nuclear signed a contract to build South Africa KOEBERG nuclear power plant, marking the Shanghai nuclear has made significant progress in overseas markets, and promote the Shanghai nuclear power "going out" has important strategic significance. Project investment is about 83 billion U.S. dollars, which is the largest investment in the history of South Africa's nuclear power.
Facilities We ensure enough facility and opportunity to real time practice in our own institute. We have experienced faculty member from Rajshahi Medical College and Rajshahi Pera-Medical College. We ensure government job after completing study form here. We also provide wonderful digital class room, lab facilities with modern equipment. We have residential building for our students. We provide scholarship to poor but meritorious students. We have 30% commissions for freedom fighter’s children.
If you have any questions or want to say about this listing then please feel free to share your thoughts.
Welcome to Rajshahi Ad. We are committed to your service. Here you found the news of Rajshahi mess, restaurants, ambulance, educational institutions, community centers, silk showroom, gym, super shops, residential hotels, filling stations, nursery, health and etc.
Onionland is the best forum I have ever come across, better than the Hub or DNMAvengers could ever be. I would recommend that anyone new to the Darknet makes it their ...
We have a variety of Android apps and games for PC. With Andy, you can download and install apps and play Android games on your Windows PC or Mac easily.
Register a domain name and transfer domains. Reliable web hosting and VPS. Powerful website, blog, and ecommerce tools. 12 years, millions of customers.
CASL Check here to receive communications, including emails, from West Island Ford Lincoln, Ford Motor Company of Canada, Limited and The Lincoln Motor Company** about them and their products, services, events, news, offers, customized ads and more. You may withdraw consent at any time.
West Island Ford Lincoln is seeking consent on its and Ford’s behalf. To contact Ford of Canada, please click here. Review West Island Ford Lincoln’s Privacy Policy, or Contact Us for more details.
Come in and visit us at our new location at 3850 boul. des Sources at the North of the 40! Ford Lincoln West Island will dazzle you with our amazing line up of new cars, and our impeccable sales staff. Not looking for a new car? Take a look at our pre-owned cars, inspected, and meticulously detailed by our experts. Our professional sales consultants will provide clear and precise answers to all your questions. Don't miss your opportunity to test drive the vehicle you have always wanted. We offer financing solutions for all sizes and budgets. At Ford Lincoln West Island, in the heart of the West Island, you will find a vehicle that meets your needs at the best price.
Delivery Driver Resume have several pictures related each other. Grab the latest pictures of Delivery Driver Resume on this site, and you may grab the images here for personal use. Delivery Driver Resume photos are published by Admin on June 7, 2018 at 8:00 pm. The image collection of Delivery Driver Resume showed on this blog is a few of the most outstanding images around the internet and has been seen by 0 users.
We own many marvelous pictures that you can manage as design ideas and/or for informative benefit of Delivery Driver Resume. The team wish that you are all enjoying our gallery of the most outstanding image of Delivery Driver Resume here and use them for personal usage. We also present the images in High Definition (HD) Resolution which can be saved to your desktop. What you need is just click on the collection of Delivery Driver Resume underneath.
Any content, trademark's, or other material that might be found on Drupalnomics.com website that is not Drupalnomics.com property remains the copyright of its respective owner's. In no way does Drupalnomics.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Вы покупаете официальный ключ активациии через Steam игры CALL OF DUTY Modern Warfare 2 от компании 1C. Ключ вы получаете Cразу же после оплаты в окне которое откроется после проведения платежа, а также ссылка на страницу с ключом прийдёт на вашу почту, указанную при покупке.
Okay, don’t get me wrong. I LOVE flowers. I do. But I have to admit that I was quite impressed when I saw these non-floral table centerpiece decors. Some even amazed me to an extent. So if your wedding is all about whimsy and non-traditional, I say, go for these centerpieces and impress your guests! I’m pretty sure that with decors such as these, your wedding reception will be something they’ll remember for years!
"Step-by-step books that really are self-teaching. Microsoft 2013 books are currently being upgraded. You won't be a Dummie after using our books!! "
Several libraries throughout New Zealand are now stocking hard copies of our Easy Way and Learning Series books. Please contact your local library if you are interested in viewing or using these.
Because we print on demand, ie when orders are received, we cannot take back books or resources that are not required, or an error has been made in ordering.
Our newsletter contains progress information on unit standards books and assessments together with additional information, and also includes tips on Microsoft programs.
We have recognised that several tertiary institutes have moved away from unit standards and are now using our Easy Way series of books. We have therefore created the following:
Further upgrades will be made for Easy Way books and Unit Standard resources when orders are placed.
Please note that Software Educational Resources Ltd is no longer in business so please contact us for your requirements.
Court gives Meesha Shafi until Aug 13 after she fails to submit reply in defamation case Yes Urdu and English News | Yes Urdu and English News
A sessions court in Lahore has given musician and actor Meesha Shafi until August 13 to submit her reply in the defamation case filed against her by fellow artist Ali Zafar.
Additional Sessions Judge Shehzad Ahmed on Thursday ordered that the notice should be posted outside Shafi’s residence as she had not submitted her reply despite being told to do so in the last hearing
Zafar filed a defamation case against Shafi for damages worth Rs1 billion after the latter accused the former of harassing her “on more than one occasion”.
In a statement on Twitter on April 19, Shafi wrote: “I have been subjected, on more than one occasion, to sexual harassment of a physical nature at the hands of a colleague from my industry: Ali Zafar […] It has been an extremely traumatic experience for me and my family […] I feel betrayed by his behaviour and attitude and I know that I’m not alone.”
Shortly after, Zafar had denied the allegations in a statement and sent a legal notice to Shafi, demanding that Shafi delete the tweet accusing him of harassment and issue an apology on Twitter.
Select a date Select month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 March 2015 June 2014 May 2014 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 July 2012 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 May 2011 March 2011
You are registering to get updates and emails about our articles! We will definitely make it worth your time
Yes Urdu Pakistani Overseas TV channels which broadcast in Urdu, French, English and Arabic 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. They share the same mission of providing a global public service and a common editorial stance. The website is also available in Urdu, French, English and Arabic languages.
Yes Urdu Pakistani Overseas TV channels which broadcast in Urdu, French, English and Arabic 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. They share the same mission of providing a global public service and a common editorial stance. The website is also available in Urdu, French, English and Arabic languages.
Tunis are a sure way to add gorgeous feminine style to your personality. Create a confident, unique and individual style statement with ENAH tunics paired with a casual pair of jeans, or dress it up with a coordinating skirt and bold accessories and you are set to go
Flaunt your earthy side with an exclusive range of handcrafted kurtas. Effortlessly stylish and easy to wear they are a perfect option for any casual or formal occasion
Have you tried our jumpsuit yet ! From bold designs to statement prints - long or short, with glimpse of traditional hint we’ve got a style to suit all! Try one now !
Let the dresses allow you to flaunt your curves in a much ethical way. Be the talk of the party in ethically stylish enah dresses, available in several prints and colors
Flaunt your formal wear in style with our exclusive range of organic and handwoven shirts, available in subtle tones for that perfect formal edgy attitude with a handcrafted underlining
Tired of surfing online to find your perfect fit! Do not worry anymore. Enah.in brings you India’s first online custom fit clothing site. Whatever you height, shape or size, just give us your measurements and we will tailor-make it for you. If you have a petite figure or you are plus size or even if you’re tall and need longer lengths of apparels, ‘custom fit’ is the right choice for you. Get excellent fit & quality – tailor made for you only at enah.in.
Reveal the wild side of you with bold dark african inspired prints & cuts. Be the talk of the party in these trendy dresses by pairing them with loud accessories & sexy sandals!
Be charmingly carefree in your bohemian look with these stylish jumpsuits & dresses. Playful western cuts in traditional fabrics, creates a style statement that all envy !
Stylish comfy tops in vibrant colors with textured sleeves are a perfect choice for any casual occasion. Team it up with a shrug or bold accessories & pull up a handbag are you're all set to charm all!
Be charmingly playful in cool comfy styles designed especially for the ' cool u'. chill out & flaunt your attitude in style in any season. Don't forget to style your look with perfect accessories!
Flaunt your feminine side in enah's vibrant floral printed dresses & tunics. Flatter yourself in these sexy outfits suitable for summers & winters, when teamed with the right ensembles & accessories!
Be ethical & stylish in these organic shirts.These shirts, made from organic cotton & dyed in organic colors too, are a perfect eco-friendly formal wear option!
Avail great discounts on our wide range of styles... stocks running out soon, just few pieces remaining... HURRY SHOP NOW !
It's smart and the perfect traditional ensemble with a western twist in bias cut. It has a sombre colour with unique Kalamlari Jal print which makes it a must have. Team it with beige coloured leggings and open toed sandals to be a ethical chic! Made in 100% Cotton.
Natural dyes and bright colors tend to bleed. First wash dry clean advised. For subsequent home washes use mild detergent and wash immediately after soaking in normal water. Fabric may shrink slightly after first wash.
ENAH is a newly launched ethical fashion and lifestyle brand from India, aiming to promote contemporary style statement co-existing with an ethical conscience towards ones culture, society and environment. Ethical fashion is a concept wherein, the end product is created in such a way, that it maximises the benefit to society and minimizes impact on our environment.
Before you buy diet pills weed through the weight loss marketing hype (endorsed-content reviewers-compensated)
we can help you decipher through conflicting weight loss information, hyped diet pills claims and fear tactics used by diet aides marketers […]
The trick is to weed out the ones that don't. That's why our editors have thoroughly researched just about every diet product on the market and have written in-depth reviews. We cut through the marketing hype and deliver the diet facts. We carefully analyzed and reviewed 5 important criteria:
Experts weigh in on the top 5 diet scams and how to avoid them. Top diet scams include claims / diet aides:
No information on this website have been reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration. Note, the information provided herein is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. It is not intended to replace the advice of a professional health care provider. The information and reviews found on herein are for informational purposes only. Please see your physician before begining a diet or exercising and or using any dietary supplements or other products. Any product names listed may be copyright and or trademarks of their respective owners. The trademark or copyright owners do not authorize, endorse or approve this website and its information. The views and statements expressed on this web site and any related comments, feedback, responses and or email communication represent the opinions of the authors and should not be considered scientific conclusions. We are compensated for endorsed content; our reviewers are compensated. Moreover, articles, information and reviews and advertising sponsored by various advertisers and or affiliates, with paid commissions and or advertising fees on various ads, products and or services. To advertise or contact us with any questions you may use the contact link at the top of the page to contact us. Neither the authors or the owners of this website assume any liability for the information contained herein. You should obtain specific medical advice a professional health care provider and consult with your physician beforeyou begin any dietary supplement, diet or exercise program. You may use the contact us form to contact us with any questions.
Coralia Matea is a journalist with Romanian television. She recently attended a video journalism course run by Circom Regional, the organisation that represents regional TV stations across Europe. Coralia spent some time filming at one of the children's holiday camps that were set up when Romania was under communist control.
This film was shot on an iPhone and rough edited on an iPad before switching to Final Cut Pro for audio and subtitles. For more info, click here: http://bit.ly/IGYEBR
Apse of Washington Cathedral and Bays of Choir Under Construction (View from North) - 13 :: Willard R. Ross Postcard Collection
Home Willard R. Ross Postcard Collection Apse of Washington Cathedral and Bays of Choir Under Construction (View from North) - 13
Add tags for Apse of Washington Cathedral and Bays of Choir Under Construction (View from North) - 13
Kitchen Designs With Dark Cabinets Small Kitchen With Warm Tile Floors In Brick Pattern Molding On is one of best design ideas of the years. The Kitchen Designs With Dark Cabinets Small Kitchen With Warm Tile Floors In Brick Pattern Molding On has been created with briliant ideas, beautiful combined colors and follow trend of modern home architecture, so the Kitchen Designs With Dark Cabinets Small Kitchen With Warm Tile Floors In Brick Pattern Molding On will give you the real of home designs and interior decorating characteristic.
Kitchen Designs With Dark Cabinets Small Kitchen With Warm Tile Floors In Brick Pattern Molding On picture is in category that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. You can browse other picture of Kitchen Designs With Dark Cabinets Small Kitchen With Warm Tile Floors In Brick Pattern Molding On in our galleries below. If you want to see other picture, you can browse our other category.
Kitchen Designs With Dark Cabinets Small Kitchen With Warm Tile Floors In Brick Pattern Molding On is one of best design architecture of the years, this design has been built from brilliant ideas combined with a selection of elegant colors and beautiful architecture designs, would be something amazing if you apply design at your home. Kitchen Designs With Dark Cabinets Small Kitchen With Warm Tile Floors In Brick Pattern Molding On just one of the many reference that we have, you can find other reference such as Apartment, Architecture, Bathroom, Bedroom, Furniture, Interior and etc.
CLEMSON, S.C. – The Clemson volleyball team is ranked second behind Florida State in the District III poll announced this week. The two teams will meet Saturday at 6 p.m. at Jervey Gym. The first 500 fans will receive a free t-shirt.
“This should be a good weekend for us,” said head coach Jolene Jordan Hoover. “We are excited to be home again and also to be starting off the ACC at home.”
Abuse reason Illegal activity Spam or multiple instances of the classified ads The information is incorrect Information is obsolete The company, posing as an individual Other
Owens Flower Store & Greenhouses Inc, your FTD florist in Marietta, is proud to supply a large arrangement of gifts and flowers to your present giving wants including marriage ceremony flowers and birthday flowers and gifts. On special events such as Valentine’s Day & Mother’s Day , recent flowers price hike up; double the traditional […]
© 2018 Powered by Ridownjuan.com || Disclaimer: This site does not store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non-affiliated third parties.
There is also a description containing common problems, pitfalls and characteristics and now a searchable TAG cloud.
Plus, this is open for crowd editing (if you pass the ultimate turing test)! - Questions? yacvid [at] hayko [dot] at
Content, Design and Idea © by Hayko Riemenschneider, 2011-2016. Texts and Images are subject of copyright by the respective authors.
Hey! If you're reading this, why not help and update the description of the dataset you're working on?
Talk about goin' out with a bang! Our last live riff of the year was a helluva show, folks. We cover everything from electric cars to conspiracy theories to opulence to modern-day comedy to sitcoms to the genius of Martin to rap music to, of course, Mitcz's whiteness and ohh so much more. There's literally so much going on in this episode it's impossible to sum it up or describe it all. But, since we're taking some time off for at least a week (or two) you'll have plenty time to listen to it all and enjoy it to its fullest.
Hot diggity dog. Henry Dittman tore through these 2 hours like it was nothin'. We started with a simple discussion of Hollywood construction projects, moved into discussions about Anime and Japanese Horror films, a discussion of Seppuku, some fascinating Japanese culture discussions, and check in with the weirdest news items of the week : sleeping beauty art exhibits, the "Face-Kini", tinhatting love conspiracies, and ohh so much more. Good luck finding more than a half-second of silence in this episode. It'll eat your face.
Ojibway Revelations: Native Perspective of Ojibway Indian in Canada. Sharing thoughts on politics, activism, spirituality, community changes, urban Indians, identity and Life in the Reserve
We have all dealt with cruelty at one time or another in our lives. We can probably picture the cruel person right now. We can remember and picture it clearly because it was so personal and real.
There is much cruelty in the World. Thing is we see it daily as well, being played out in our news feeds. However it just doesn't seem as real, does it? Regardless if the cruelty being played out is far worse than anything we have been faced with. We see the news of a woman who was raped and left for dead. We see the young girl sexually assaulted, beaten and thrown in the freezing river. We see young children being pulled out of the rubble of blown up buildings. We see a police officer shooting someone. We see a Woman being punched in the face. We see a person being tasered to death. Lot of cruelty. Thing is we don't seem bothered by it. We can look at the face of cruelty and it is not something we truly have to deal with - in these circumstances.
See that is one of the problems. We are dealing with our own situations. We are looking at the face of cruelty in our own lives. For some of us its crippling.
Still I can't help feeling somewhat fortunate despite facing cruelty. I may even see the other people's cruelty as something so far removed it does nothing to my views. It doesn't seem cruel regardless of how obscene the acts are.
We are in the midst of a world wide societal change where cruelty is almost normal. That is messed up. We can still see the be-headings. We never forget the screams of the airplane recordings as a pilot locks the door and flies head on into a mountain. We see the bodies of blown up and shot up folks all over the world. Still its weird that the harsh cruel words someone said to you feels worse than all of these real images we see?
There are so many images of police being cruel to people these days. It should really bother us. The cruelty of the police goes beyond everything we are suppose to believe about police. They are no longer there to help but are now just the tool for punishment. It seems they relish in the cruelty they perform. Doesn't it look like that?
This week in Standing Rock the police were cruel to people. They shot at them with water, rubber bullets to the heads, gas canisters which caused extensive damage to a girls arm. And the thing was the police can be seen laughing as this is going on???
I wonder about people when they do a cruel act. How is it they can do it without consequence or any remorse or regret for their actions? We see it all the time. The rapist who feels like a victim - she asked for it. The cop who "feared for their life" as he shoots an unarmed person. The cruel boss who thinks they own you because they sign the pay cheque. The corporate executive who demands the Women in the office grant him sexual favours. Do they realize how cruel they are?
“[T]he infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is a delight to moralists. That is why they invented Hell.”
“People speak sometimes about the "bestial" cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust and offensive to beasts, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, so artistically cruel.”
I am reminded of events in history where we have seen cruelty. Cruelty at different degrees: the dropping of an Atomic Bomb. The genocide of a millions of Jewish families. The genocide of the Tutsi. The rape of Bosnian Women and genocide. The bombing of Aleppo's children's hospital. The mass shootings of 6 and 7 years old in Sandy Hook school. The police using dogs and batons on Marchers in Birmingham Alabama. You know what is said about those incidents of cruelty? It was back then. But its not back then.
Why is it when in the midst of cruel actions we don't see it as cruel? The police in the US are killing people, minorities-Black/Hispanic/Indian with what seems like a zeal. Having a heck of a good time killing folk.
We are in the midst of so much cruelty in the world that it almost seems normal. Except for our immediate dealings with cruelty we really don't pay much attention. Maybe we have some momentary outage or moment of sad reflection to what is going on out there but then what?
I am one of those people not at Standing Rock. I am in the safety of my home. I am one of those who believes he is active in Indigenous Affairs and is willing to stand up or at least something about the wrongs of the political world. So why in the heck am I not in Standing Rock? Am I too comfortable? Am I willing to let the young Women, young men and Elders go and fight while I sit at home and be comfortable?
It is not right we let others voice against the wrongs in the world. And "make no bones about it", the pipeline in the Dakotas is wrong. Not just wrong morally and legally but wrong in all aspects. The reality of it, is it will be the pipeline which breaks and poison water. The result will be the people will end up paying for it; in health and in cash. Our children's children will be made to pay with more loss of clean air and water. Still its not enough for us to go and support.
Right now there are very brave folk who are willing to lose limbs, risk brain damage from rubber police bullets, put their lives on the line from violence of a military force with no regard for lives.
— Sophia Wilansky, a young woman from New York City, was shot in the arm with an exploding concussion grenade. She was transported by ambulance to a hospital in Bismarck before being airlifted to Minneapolis, where her arm was amputated. According to a Gofundme page setup by the victim’s friend, Wilansky was handing out bottles of water to those trying to recover from exposure to mace and tear gas when she was hit.
— An elder on the front line suffered two episodes of cardiac arrest and had to twice be revived on the scene before being transported to an area hospital for treatment.
— A young man suffered a grand mal seizure after being exposed to a barrage of mace and tear gas canisters fired from 40mm grenade launchers into the densely packed crowd of people who had gathered on the bridge.
— A woman shot in the face with a 40mm rubber bullet suffered an eye injury that medical staff say could result in permanent vision loss.
— A young man was vomiting blood due to an internal injury when he was hit at close range with a 40mm rubber bullet.
— Multiple people lost consciousness after being hit in the head with less than lethal projectiles, or by falling down after being hit.
— Multiple people soiled themselves, vomited and/or hyperventilated after being exposed to wave after wave of tear gas and mace.
— Multiple people suffered fractures and/or serious contusions after being hit at close range with less then lethal rounds or falling down after being hit.
— Multiple people suffered hypothermia from exposure to the elements after being drenched by police water cannons in temperatures that dipped as low as 22 degrees Fahrenheit.
By nights end, many activists and reporters on the scene also reported that they believed police purposely targeted journalists and medics, as well as aimed to maim by shooting 40mm canister rounds directly at peoples’ bodies and targeting peoples’ heads, necks, and extremities with less than lethal projectiles, as opposed to shooting for participants and observers center mass.
~~~ The police assault resulted in approximately 300 people requiring medical attention and at least 26 people evacuated to three area hospitals. Local EMS crews reported they had to bring in off-duty staff and rigs from as far as Cheyanne, Fargo, and Bismarck to handle the influx of injured people. One ambulance driver told this reporter that it was by far the biggest mass casualty incident the area had ever seen. ~~~
~~~ We coordinate medical and healing supplies, human resources, and other types of medical/healing aid for all the camps and water protectors at Standing Rock
﻿ 7. Learn more about this important struggle: there are great articles out there about what those on the ground are experiencing, what Native people have to say about the resistance, how Native Americans are resisting modern forms of colonization, and how DAPL was rerouted away from white North Dakotans. Here are some to get you started:
“Militarized Police Are Cracking Down on Dakota Access Pipeline Protesters,” by Zoë Carpenter, The Nation
“This Isn’t the First Time Cowboys Have Tried to Plunder 640 Million Acres of Public Land,” by Chip Ward, The Nation
“Pipeline route plan first called for crossing north of Bismarck,” by Amy Dalrymple, The Bismarck Tribune
Hey People, Welcome to a Native Perspective. Hope you can visit, exchange ideas with this Ojibwe Indian from Sagkeeng. I have a beautiful family and some very good friends. I say lots of things, half of them don't make any sense but what the heck, it's a good way to start some visiting. So go ahead read some of the older posts, email me, or just post to the comment section. I don't like to spread gossip but do it anyway. I appreciate you visiting and join me on twitter https://twitter.com/rightojibwe . So put some tunes on, spend a little time going over the blog and visit. Miigwech. That's Anishinaabe (Ojibwe) for Thanks. G'waabaamin (see you). Contact me if you wish at rightojibwe@yahoo.ca
Decorative Arts: Colonial furniture and interiors: XXXVI. Hall in Greenough House, Jamaica Plain, Mass. [and] mantel at Portsmouth, N.H.
Based on the date of publication, this material is presumed to be in the public domain.| For information on re-use see:
Copyrights : Copyright (c) 2012 by UMP Digital Library. Verbatim copying and distribution of this entire article is permitted by author in any medium, provided this notice is preserved.
Former CEO Travis Kalanick's decision on Friday to appoint two new directors to the board of the car-hailing company did not come out of nowhere, although it was a surprise to the board and its new CEO. According to those familiar with the situation ...
A former bank teller pleaded guilty Thursday to stealing more than $185,000 from a homeless customer. Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images hide caption. toggle caption. Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images. A former bank teller pleaded guilty ...
The woman who was forcibly dragged by police from a Southwest Airlines flight is now reportedly facing multiple charges
Police dragged a woman passenger off a Southwest Airlines flight on Tuesday evening at the Baltimore-Washington International Airport. Now that passenger is reportedly facing multiple charges. The incident, which was filmed by a fellow passenger, took ...
FILE PHOTO: Credit reporting company Equifax Inc. corporate offices are pictured in Atlanta, Georgia, U.S., September 8, 2017. REUTERS/Tami Chappell/File Photo -. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Equifax Inc told the U.S. House of Representatives in a letter ...
(Reuters) - The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq advanced to record levels on Friday, buoyed by gains in technology stocks, while each of the major indexes closed out the quarter with solid gains. Technology .SPLRCT was the best performing of the major S&P ...
If you dropped by Starbucks (sbux, -1.47%) for a free cup of coffee on National Coffee Day, you would instead have been greeted by signs about the company's supply chain, ethical sourcing commitments, and support for coffee farmers. (Starbucks didn't ...
GOP tax plan would provide major gains for richest 1%, uneven benefits for the middle class, report says
The Republican tax plan would deliver a major benefit to the top 1 percent of Americans, according to a new analysis by a leading group of nonpartisan tax experts that challenges the White House's portrayal of its effects. The plan would deliver ...
On Thursday Whole Foods publicly revealed that a data breach had potentially compromised its customers' credit card details. But one day later, we still know nothing about which customers, or how many of them, may have been affected. In response to ...
More than a week after Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico, truckloads of vital supplies are moving at a crawl, as widespread damage stymies efforts of companies, government agencies and relief groups to restore basic services. Lawmakers and the ...
FILE PHOTO: Customers shop at a Whole Foods store in New York City, U.S., August 28, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending barely rose in August likely as Hurricane Harvey weighed on auto sales, while ...
Age 86, passed on January 27, 2018. Public viewing on Tuesday, January 30, 2018 from 4-7 PM at C&H Community Home for Funerals, Lucille’s Memorial Chapel, 411 S. Adams St., Ypsilanti, MI. The funeral service on Wednesday, January 31, 2018 with the family hour at 10 AM followed by the service at 11 AM at Second Baptist Church, 301 S. Hamilton St., Ypsilanti. Burial in United Memorial Gardens, Plymouth, MI. Please sign the guestbook below.
To our family, praying for strength during this difficult time, hang in there, Weeping may endure For a night, but joy comes in the morning.
Wow, remembering when Mr. Wilson was my (Donna) superintendent at Second Baptist, and going places like the Congress, USA Inc. Such good memories. As I reflect back, we are sending our condolences to the Wilson family, while lifting you upon prayer.
My deepest sympathy. May God give you all the peace that passes all understanding. God can do everything but fail . Be blessed Lisa Stewart (Ellis)
I am so sorry to here of the passing of Dea Wilson please know Sis Wilson you and your family are in our Prayers Dea Wilson was a true friend, and prime example of what a church deacon ought to be. Be lifted and encourage as remember your beloved spouse love and prayers from our family to yours.
He only have a new address now and you will see him again. God will be with the family always. He only got a new home until you all meet again Go will be with you always.
My condolences to you and your family during this time of celebration. May God bestow his many blessings and comfort for you and your family
Sorry to hear of the passing of Deacon Wilson. When I would come to church, he would always greet me with a smile and say hope to see you next Sunday! He will truly be missed! Condolences to Mrs. Wilson and the entire family! Praying for you.
I had the pleasure of working with Clarence for many years at Park n Go. We spent many lunch breaks debating sports and politics. He had a strong dislike for U of M and Tom Brady. I really enjoyed our banter on both subjects. RIP Clarence. You were one of the good guys. God bless you and your family Mary. Love to you all.
My prayers and condolences to the family. He was a good a faithful servant that I remember growing up in SBC. May God comfort you all during and past your Berevment 
To the Wilson Family. We MOURN your loss. We will continue to keep you in our PRAYERS as you journey forward. MAY GOD keep you always.
Sending my deepest condolences to Deacon Clarence Wilson's family: He was a very good Sunday School Superintendent at Second in Ypsilanti. He and I would have these friendly fights about our Youth. At the end, he and I would say, we want the same thing just a different way. I thank him for his leadership. May the memories we've all had be forever etched in our hearts.
Lifting the family up in prayer. The last conversation with Deacon Wilson was his usual encouragement. A Blessing to have known him.
A great soldier of the cross has gone from labor to reward. I will always thank God for Deacon Wilson’s kind spirit. He was the epitome of a good deacon. God bless and keep the family. We at New Hope are praying with you 
Door Porches And Canopies – Your porch has existing space and with the right front porch ideas, you can transform it easily in an outdoor living area. We talked with a specialist on front porch designs and she offered the following guidance for planning your porch living room. Consider how you will use your porch.
Can it be utilized mainly for relaxing or entertaining? Your answer will determine what kind of outdoor furniture you will need and where it will be placed. It will also determine what amenities you may want. If entertaining, you may require additional storage space for dining utensils, cups, and other items you will want to keep handy. You may also require additional lightings such as outdoor table lamps as well as exterior chandeliers.
Ascertain how lots of people can fit comfortably on your porch. You may exceed that number at times but aim for an average number of people you’ll be entertaining or just having over for quiet conversations. Comfort. We all want to be comfortable when we’re out. Selecting comfortable outdoor furniture should be a priority.
Study tables and accessories will be appreciated by your family and guests. Fix for the sun and weather. Use porch blinds, shades, or outdoor drapes to block the wind and the sun. Don’t be chased back indoors due to bad weather or even a blazing sun. Use furniture placement to make a unique private area for dining or readingtable.
An outdoor carpet can be utilized to define a room also, if it be a conversation area or bistro table and chairs for two. Another option is to turn your porch or part of it into a screened room or 3 season room. Screen porch kits and window window panels allow it to be so easy to do. It’s an excellent means to prolong your outdoor living season and add value to your home.
All Data Last 7 Days Last 30 Days Last 120 Days Last 25 Games Last 50 Games Last 100 Games Last 250 Games Last 500 Games Year 2018 November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018
Duplication in whole or in part of this site is strictly prohibited without prior written consent. 2007-2018 PlayerScope. All rights reserved.
Rape and other gender-based violence is increasing and the way to fight it is to empower women, according to a UN report published on Wednesday. The State of World Population 2010 produced by the UN’s Population Fund (UNFPA) has been issued in the run-up to the 10th anniversary of a Security Council resolution which condemns violence against women and girls.
“Gender-based violence, including rape, is a repugnant and increasingly familiar weapon of war,” says Thoraya Ahmed Obaid, the executive director of UNFPA, in the foreword of the report.
Conflict and war is less about traditional battle lines and national borders, but “more about combatants struggling for control within a single country and employing any means to break the will of civilians”, she adds.
The report’s release coincides with the run-up to the 10th anniversary of the UN Security Council’s resolution 1325.
On 31 October 2000 it called for a greater role to be given to women in respect of policing and peace building, and recognised that women and children are the “vast majority of those adversely affected by armed conflict”.
Wednesday’s report looks at how “conflict and protracted humanitarian emergencies affect women and girls – and men and boys”.
“Governments need to seize opportunities arising out of post-conflict recovery or emerging from natural disasters to increase the chances that countries are not just rebuilt, but built back better, and renewed, with women and men on equal footing,” it says.
The release of the 116-page document also coincides with recent reactions to evidence from the Democratic Republic of Congo of mass rapes. Margot Wallstrom, UN special envoy on sexual violence said last week that there was evidence of new attacks in the the Walikale region, following earlier attacks in July and August.
It uses the stories of individuals who get caught up in conflict or natural disasters across the world to show how communities and civil society are “healing old wounds and moving forward”.
Countries featured in the report include: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Haiti, Iraq, Jordan, Liberia, the Palestinian terrorities, Timor-Leste and Uganda.
An aerial photo gives a view of the Xiongan Citizen Service Center still under construction on Thursday in the new economic zone near Beijing.MU YU / XINHUA
With great attention paid by President Xi Jinping, the creation of Xiongan New Area is making steady progress since the surprising announcement of the millennium project a year ago.
Since the project was unveiled on April 1, 2017, the new economic zone, which is expected to help spare Beijing of functions unrelated to its status as national capital, has caught the spotlight worldwide with its fast and efficient construction.
The Xiongan New Area, about 100 kilometers southwest of Beijing, also is part of measures to advance the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. It is the third new area of national significance after the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and the Shanghai Pudong New Area.
During his visit to Anxin county in February 2017, Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, called for "world vision, international standards, Chinese characteristics and high goals" in the planning and construction of Xiongan New Area.
The move is a "major historic and strategic choice made by the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core," said a circular released a year ago by the CPC Central Committee, which described the decision as "a strategy crucial for a millennium to come."
In his report delivered at the CPC's 19th National Congress in October, Xi emphasized the importance of relieving Beijing of functions nonessential to its role as the capital and using this effort to drive the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region.
"We will develop forward-looking plans and adopt high standards for building the Xiongan New Area," Xi said in his report.
On Feb 22, Xi presided over a meeting attended by members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, during which the senior leaders said efforts should be made to build Xiongan New Area into a "high-quality, modern socialist city".
The leaders, after hearing a report about the progress on a development plan for Xiongan, agreed that building the new area is a "historic project".
The surprising announcement of setting up the new area a year ago represented the results of years of research and rumination by the CPC Central Committee and is a major strategic decision that will open a new era of development in the region.
Addressing a central economic meeting at the end of 2014, Xi said that transferring Beijing's non-capital functions, reducing its population density and promoting economic and social development commensurate with its population and resources must be at the core of a coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region.
During CPC meetings in April 2015, Xi suggested investigating the possibility of a new city in Hebei, built according to new development concepts.
On March 24, 2016, Xi heard a report on the creation of Beijing's "subsidiary center" and another area to which noncapital functions would be shifted from Beijing. The subsidiary center is to be located in the eastern suburb of Tongzhou, while the other area will be Xiongan.
Xi said Beijing is at a historic juncture. Tongzhou and Xiongan will form two "wings" for Beijing and create new growth engines for Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei.
On May 27, 2016, Xiongan New Area appeared for the first time in a report reviewed at a CPC Central Committee Political Bureau meeting.
Calling it a "major historic and strategic decision" that would be "crucial for the millennium to come," Xi said the subsidiary center of Beijing and Xiongan New Area should withstand the test of history and be the legacy of the future generation.
According to the president's plans, Xiongan New Area will primarily receive noncapital functions from Beijing, including some administrative and public institutions, company headquarters, financial institutions, higher education institutions and sci-tech units.
The zone will span Xiongxian, Rongcheng and Anxin counties in Hebei province, covering 2,000 square kilometers in the long term with a population of 2 million to 2.5 million.
Lyrics Terms of Use. These The Beatles Taxman lyrics are the property of the respective authors, artists and labels.
Good news for those struggling to pay their bills: all of the new Federal Trade Commission regulations to help protect financially-desperate families from deceptive offers for debt relief will go into effect on October 27, 2010. While the new rule will have a significant impact on reducing predatory debt relief, the Better Business Bureau advises consumers that they still need to use caution when enlisting the help of a third party to get out of debt.
Since the start of the recession in December of 2007, the Better Business Bureau has received more than 6,000 complaints from consumers about debt relief or debt settlement companies. Typically, complainants say they were charged large up-front fees in exchange for the empty promise that the company would significantly reduce or eliminate their debt.
“The debt relief industry has flourished in the current economy and you can bet that many unscrupulous companies are feverishly trying to figure out ways to get around the new laws, such as relying less on telephones to solicit new customers,” said Ken Vander Meeden, President of the BBB Serving Western Michigan. “While these new rules provide effective new protections, consumers still need to be on the lookout for deceptive debt relief services.”
Under the new rule, any company that solicits debt relief services over the phone—including taking incoming calls from new customers—will not be able to charge upfront fees until:
• the debt relief service successfully renegotiates, settles, reduces, or otherwise changes the terms of at least one of the consumer’s debts;
• there is a written settlement agreement, debt management plan, or other agreement between the consumer and the creditor, and the consumer has agreed to it; and
• the consumer has made at least one payment to the creditor as a result of the agreement negotiated by the debt relief provider.
Additionally, debt relief providers cannot require that consumers set aside payments in a “dedicated account” unless:
• the provider does not own or control or have any affiliation with the company administering the account; and
Finally, before the consumer signs up for any debt relief service, providers must disclose fundamental aspects of their services, including how long it will take for consumers to see results, how much it will cost, the negative consequences that could result from using debt relief services, and key information about dedicated accounts if they choose to require them.
Tweets that mention New laws to fight deceptive debt relief | Cedar Springs Post Newspaper -- Topsy.com says:
[…] This post was mentioned on Twitter by John Hignite, UrDebtRelief. UrDebtRelief said: New laws to fight deceptive debt relief | Cedar Springs Post Newspaper http://bit.ly/cZShWY […]
Posted on 05 May 2011. Tags: Celebration Village, E. Beltline, Knapp Street, moving, Social Security office
The Grand Rapids Social Security office is moving to 3045 Knapp St NE, Grand Rapids MI 49525. The new office is located within the Celebration Village retail area and is situated north of the Meijer shopping area along Knapp Street just west of the E Beltline (M37) intersection. It is easily accessible via The Rapid bus route 15.
Business will continue at its current location (50 College Ave., Grand Rapids) through Friday, May 6. Although the office is open on Thursday, May 5, Friday, May 6, and Monday, May 9 at the new location, it is recommend that you try not to conduct any Social Security business with the Grand Rapids office on those days. Because of the shuffling of telephone lines and computers, there will be very limited service available.
Office hours will remain the same, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., Monday through Friday. The general information line will also stay the same, 877-319-5710.
There are many options available to conduct business with Social Security – rarely does anyone need to go into the office.
Another option is the national toll-free number, 1-800-772-1213, which operates 24 hours a day, including weekends and holidays. Social Security representatives are available on business days from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. They have access to the same information that’s available at the local office.
The author speaks about two hierarchies defining the scope of the semantic (and morpho-syntactic) variation of a sentence. The first hierarchy operates in the framework of the constitutive proposition. It is the hierarchy of arguments of the given predicate imposed by the selected exponent of that predicate. It is labelled diathetical hierarchy. Diathesis is understood as a semantic category (with partially grammaticalised exponents) responsible for the selection of the morphosyntactic and/or lexical exponent of the predicate and eo ipso for the hierarchy of its arguments as presented in the sentence. Diathetical hierarchy is correlated with the hierarchy of case relationships. Diathetically unmarked sentence is a sentence with the agens / initiator of the action as a referent of the first, nominative, argument. The second hierarchy operates on the sentence as a whole. It is the hierarchy responsible for the topicalization of the sentence. It is pragmatically motivated and is labelled as communicative hierarchy. Its exponents are the intonational line (variations in pitch) of the utterance (in the written text signalized by the punctuation marks) and/or the linear ordering of the semantic components.
The CUT Laboratory of Geodesy has installed the first radar tide gauge station in Cyprus. The new station is located at the Old Port of Limassol and will be part of the national tide gauge network established by the Department of Lands and Surveys (DLS) in cooperation with the Cyprus University of Technology.
The new tide gauge station is an integrated system comprised of a state-of-the-art radar water level sensor and a meteorological station able to log measurements at regular intervals yielding a combined dataset of precise tidal and environmental information. This dataset will be used, amongst others, for the establishment of the national vertical datum and the monitoring and determination of Mean Seal Level (MSL) at very high accuracy.
Lidar USA’s Forrest Briggs introduces its new lidar systems for the DJI M200 and M210 drones at Intergeo 2018, which took place Oct. 16-18 in Frankfurt, Germany. Background image: iStock.com/imaginima
Bleached is a punk rock band that has been active since 2011. They have released two albums, the most recent being Sour Candy, which features the song "Wednesday Night Melody". On April 1st, Bleached will be releasing their album Welcome the Worms.
Bleached will be playing at the Casbah in San Diego on Wednesday, March 30th. Buy tickets here: http://www.ticketfly.com/purchase/event/1055153?utm_medium=bks&utm_medium=459899
Celtic Rock Music on iTunesCeltic rock is a type of folk rock, and Celtic fusion encompasses Celtic music, instruments and themes that fit a rock music context. Since the early 1970s, this music genre has become very famous and widely … Continue reading →
Festivals in Pembrokeshire 2018Do you love music? If you do then Pembrokeshire is the place to be in 2018. Each year Pembrokeshire puts on several major music festivals throughout the county. Whether classical, folk, the blues or jazz there is … Continue reading →
Posted in General	| Tagged 2018, live music, music festivals, pembrokeshire	| Comments Off on Music Festivals in Pembrokeshire 2018
After large-scale floods destroyed vital Iowa infrastructure in 2011, Ash Grove Cement Co.’s Louisville, Neb., plant stepped up production to meet the demand of several large-scale reconstruction projects. The company supplied cement for the reconstruction of Interstate 680 and the Keg Creek Bridge replacement on US Highway 6, east of Council Bluffs, Iowa. Both projects won recognition in the America’s Transportation Awards competition, which is sponsored by the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO), AAA, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and looks at creativity, innovation and cost efficiency.
With the joint effort of Ash Grove and Manatts Construction Co., the I-680 project rapidly reconstructed a heavily traveled three-mile stretch connecting Omaha and nearby Iowa communities and won the Ahead of Schedule award. The Iowa Department of Transportation initially estimated the project to be completed in November 2012 or later. However, in less than two months, all lanes were completely reconstructed, and the highway was reopened on Nov. 2, 2011, nearly two months ahead of the Dec. 23, 2011, deadline. “It only took 34 days to rebuild,” said Barry Cleaveland of Council Bluffs, a member of the Iowa Transportation Commission.
Ash Grove Sales Manager Ernie Peterson described the employees’ efforts to provide product for the I-680 project “like nothing I’ve ever seen.” What began as an order for 10,000 tons in three months became 12,000 tons in six weeks and then 11,000 tons in 11 days, according to Peterson. “The flood damage came so unexpectedly and the reconstruction moved so quickly that we were running out of cement,” he added.
The completed project required 94,500 square yards of 11-in.-thick paving and 96,500 square yards of 7-in.-thick concrete shoulders. Ash Grove’s Omaha-based subsidiary Lyman-Richey supplied concrete for the Keg Creek Bridge replacement, which earned an award in the Best Use of Innovation category. For the project, workers built the new bridge deck off to the side of the roadway while the old deck was taken out. Then, a crane lifted the new deck in place. “It was only closed eight days to traffic,” Cleaveland said. “That’s a record time.”
“The project was so successful that information gathered during the design and construction of the Keg Creek Bridge project is being shared with the broader transportation community to accelerate changes that will ultimately improve the safety and performance of our highways, and reduce the impact of construction and maintenance on highway uses,” AASHTO said.
Cement Americas brings focus to issues affecting cementitious materials suppliers and is a bi-monthly magazine from the publishers of Rock Products. Despite the continued depressed condition of both the U.S. economy and construction activity, gains are being seen in cement consumption in the coming years. Read More
Products and services in the Cemex building solutions portfolio with outstanding sustainability performance will carry a green- and blue-lettered seal, "ecoperating." Earmarked for 2012-13 roll out in European and Latin American businesses, it was developed through a rigorous internal process that measures the environmental or social impact of a wide range of value propositions—from low (embodied) carbon dioxide cement and concrete products or paperless invoicing services, to construction solutions like concrete pavements with smart LED lighting or affordable-housing initiatives.
Among the most relevant criteria for a product or service to qualify for the ecoperating seal are sustainable attributes, like thermal insulation, use of recycled raw material and contribution to carbon footprint reduction. “Cemex is well known for a number of services and initiatives that significantly reduce environmental impacts or have a positive effect on society,” affirms Cemex Sustainaibility Director Vicente Saisó. The seal will help clients identify the company’s goal of fostering sustainable development through building solutions, he adds.
The Outlets at Pueblo Verde (a property development of Aboitiz Land) has been actively contributing to the art scene of Cebu. They have a mural in one of the areas of The Fork. Then, last April 27-29, 2018, they hosted Art in the Fork (#ArtInTheFork) in which the Cebu Crochet Group has the privilege to be part of in putting up the Ganchillo Artistico, a yarnbomb / crochet installation.
I’ve been wanting to post about the first ever yarnbombing / crochet installation of Cebu Crochet Group for Art in the Fork, The Outlets at Pueblo Verde in Lapu-lapu City, Cebu but I DO NOT KNOW WHERE TO START. For a crocheter like me, it felt like joining Miss Universe. Even if I were just a “clapper” of Miss U, it’s still such an overwhelming experience that it’s just so hard to put them in words!
So first let me instead invite you to please visit The Fork of The Outlets at Pueblo Verde, Lapu-lapu City, Cebu. There’s a lot of restaurants and outlet stores where you can also swing by while you’re there. =)
Next is BIG THANK YOU to the marketing ladies of The Outlets at Pueblo Verde (Aboitiz Land properties) for collaborating with Crochet Cebu Group for the Ganchillo Artistico. When they approached us for a possible yarnbombing event, it was surreal! It was like, “Seriously, this is happening in my life time?!?”
Also, thank you for introducing us to the talented crocheters of Aboitiz women’s group, and giving us the chance to work with them. I’m so sorry that I failed to have a photo with the crocheters of Lilo-an who pitched in crochet stitches.
Then, reality set in, “So where could we get crocheters crazy enough to do this with us?!? Seriously, why did I/we ever say yes to this?!?”
We had 3 weeks to prepare for it, and along the way, the doubt of being able to pull it off started to creep in. So there was always a bit of uncertainty if were we really moving forward? Were we really going to make this happen?
But, one thing I learned, never underestimate a hooker’s determination!!! A week before the opening of Art in the Fork, all sorts of crochet motifs, granny squares, doilies / circles, chevrons, amigurumis from 30 different crocheters started to trickle in. Despite that most of us are mothers or/and working, everyone managed to sneak in some stitches by hook or by crook!
BIG HUGS and THANKS to the CEBU CROCHET GROUP, as well as to others I missed to mention. Special shoutout to Sarah Palmares (@tomatofire_crochets in IG) for keeping every one and every thing in sync. =)
Thank you everyone who pitched in #ganchilloartistico at Pueblo Verde. Nothing brings community together like an insane over the top project like yarn bombing. ❤ It was an exhausting but fun process.
As a remembrance to the “exhausting but fun process” of Ganchillo Artistico’s, following are some photos from the preparations to the installation of Ganchillo Artistico for Art in The Fork, The Outlets at Pueblo Verde, Lapu-lapu City, Cebu!
From mine: Special thanks also to the ABLE Service staff who helped us put up the Ganchillo Artistico.
We hope that this would re-awaken our love for crochet, or inspire us to find the craft that we could lose ourselves into! =)
For those who want to connect with crocheters / hookers of Cebu, you can join Cebu Crochet Group in facebook >>. Cebu Crochet Group’s upcoming meet-up event:
Author craftynanayPosted on May 7, 2018 May 8, 2018 Categories Cebu, Crochet Philippines, Ganchillo Artistico of The Outlets at Pueblo Verde, Yarnbomb
It is written regarding the latter days which we are now in, AND TAKE HEED (or keep watch, or be careful) TO YOURSELVES, LEST AT ANY TIME YOUR HEARTS BE OVERCHARGED (or weighted down, or dulled) WITH...DRUNKENNESS...SO THAT DAY COME (or be sprung) UPON YOU UNAWARES (or suddenly like a trap)-Lk 21:34.
Today, many Christians are the same way. They make light of sin. The strait gate and the narrow way is seldom taught. Many so-called Christians today also have a golden calf. Their money, pride, selfishness, television, job, house, automobile, the things of this world, astrology, drinking, DRUGS, sex, the government, or their own desires are their "golden calf." Jesus is to be your LORD and Savior. He is to come "first." Most Christians today, as then, have not known God’s ways. Many call upon the name of the Lord, but they will not follow "Him." Many commit abominations and are not ashamed. They are NOT VALIANT FOR THE TRUTH-Jere 9:3. Their MOLTEN IMAGE IS FALSEHOOD-Jere 10:14. God is IN THEIR MOUTH, but FAR FROM THEIR REINS-Jere 12:2. THEY HAVE BURNED INCENSE TO VANITY-Jere 18:15. Do any of these fit you?
The Scriptures prophesied that people would be taking drugs in the latter days. This prophecy has fulfilled-beginning around the 1950’s and getting worse and worse to this current time.
In this last generation, people are taking illegal drugs. In the USA, it seems to have begun in the early 1950’s. Now, taking drugs has spread all over the world. There are now multiple millions of drug addicts in the world.
In the Revelation, the word "sorceries" appears in 9:21; 18:23; 21:8; and 22:15. It is taken from the Greek words, PHARMAKEIA, PHARMAKEUS, PHARMAKON, AND PHARMAKOS. These can be defined as medication, pharmacy, pharmacist, druggist, magic arts, magic spells, and drugs in connection with the occult-JNT. This can also include illegal drug use.
21:8. BUT THE FEARFUL (or cowardly), AND UNBELIEVING (or untrustworthy), AND THE ABOMINABLE (or vile), AND MURDERERS, AND WHOREMONGERS (or sexually immoral), AND SORCERERS (or those who misuse drugs in connection with the occult-JNT, or practice magic arts; or this may also indicate illegal drug use), AND IDOLATERS (or idol-worshippers), AND ALL LIARS, SHALL HAVE THEIR PART IN THE LAKE WHICH BURNETH WITH FIRE AND BRIMSTONE: WHICH IS THE SECOND DEATH (or their destiny is the lake burning with fire and sulfur, the second death-JNT).
The events of the latter days and Tribulation are like the birth pains of a woman in labor. As the many events unfold, these become more frequent and intense—conditions get worse and worse. During the Tribulation, many new dreadful things begin to take place, adding to the already existing nightmare. These are times of terror that only continue to get worse. It culminates with the Battle of Armageddon, when Jesus Christ returns. The birth pains will have gotten so bad at that point that—if Jesus had not returned exactly when He does—no life on earth would be saved. However, just as a woman in travail brings forth new life, in the same way, the return of Jesus and the saints to the earth begins a new era—one thousand years of peace.
To give just a few examples of the increasing intensity and frequency of events, consider the following. In the beginning of the Tribulation, there are earthquakes. At the time Jesus returns, after the Tribulation of those days, there is the greatest earthquake ever seen, and the cities of the nations fall. Near the beginning of the Tribulation, one-third of the creatures in the sea that had life will die. Near the end of the Tribulation, every living soul in the sea dies. Near the beginning of the Tribulation, one-fourth of humanity dies from the effects of war. Near the end of the Tribulation, one-third of the world's population dies. At Armageddon, nearly all life on earth is killed. Sin will also greatly increase. Diseases can be expected to reach epidemic proportions as the Tribulation progresses. The persecution and murder of those that get saved during the Tribulation will get worse and worse. It will be a most terrifying time in which to live.
Note, the NIV and JNT both use "birth pains" in these verses. The NASB uses "birth pangs," and the KJV uses "sorrows."
Every day, around 100 million acts of sexual intercourse are performed. That means that roughly 65,000 couples (or trios) are having sex right now.
Onepoll.com, a global research site, reported that women believe that men from Italy, Spain and Brazil are the best lovers.
Apparently, men have evolved to focus on the feature of a woman that suggest fertility: large breast, small waist and full hips indicate that a woman is healthy, young and not already pregnant.
In ancient China people used to drink mercury or lead after sex to prevent pregnancy; unfortunately that often lead to sterility or even death.
With a campground fully equipped and a youth hostel, we are happy to welcome anybody with any kind of budget ! ! ! Its a premiere in the area !
From there, you will see our sign it is easy to find ! We are directly on the tracks in the heart of the National park of Saguenay.
It’s only 15 minutes from the busy touristic area of Tadoussac, that you will find that peace you are looking for without ever feeling bored because we have so many things around here to keep you entertained for all your vacations !
Go check the pictures and write us something on sommetdufjord@hotmail.com or call at (418)236-1083 to speak with us for more details.
Summary Patricia McLaughlin Jackson stands beside her groom, William S. Jackson, Jr. (1920- ), as he greets his Harvard roommate, Philip M. Neagle in the McLaughlin home in Lake Forest, Illinois. The bride wears a wedding dress and veil and holds a spray of roses. The men wear frock coats.
Gold mining and textile mills were standards in Albemarle's economy from the 1820s into the 20th-century. Gold played out in the mid-1900s, and textiles declined in the 1990s. Albemarle has since diversified its economic base through new businesses, like Collins and Aikman, and preservation of the city's history, making it attractive to tourists. Passage of a 1998 ABC referendum also made Albemarle, once the state's second largest dry city, attractive to chain restaurants, full-service hotels, and local entrepreneurs.
Albemarle, the county seat of Stanly County, is OUR STATE magazine's featured Tar Heel town of the month. The residents of the town take pride in preserving the town's historic buildings, such as transforming the crumbling, turn-of-the-century drugstore into the Boardroom Bar and Bistro. Prunkl takes the reader on a tour of the town, including the Pee Dee Avenue Historic District, Albemarle Music Store, Whispering Pines BBQ, and the Badin Road Drive-in Theatre.
Albemarle may not be the biggest, wealthiest, or most beautiful little city in North Carolina, but it has made splendid progress in the recent years.
North Carolina voters will have a diversified field of twenty-five candidates to choose from May 6 when the Democratic, Republican, and Libertarian Parties select their candidates for various statewide offices. This article presents the candidates’ biographies and views on critical issues pertaining to fuel and alternative energy sources.
North Carolina experienced several winter storms in January 2000, but the piedmont and foothills regions were especially hard hit from a January 23-25 blizzard whose intensity was not forecast. Governor James Hunt declared a State of Emergency, and thirty-one counties were declared federal disaster areas. This article discusses the blizzard’s impact to the state’s environment, economy, and electric power.
2. How to Grow Businesses in Rural North Carolina by Bivins, Lawrence Carolina Country Vol. 32 Issue 3, Mar 2000
Small businesses in North Carolina are important to rural economies, and have been the creative fuel for the technology revolution. The North Carolina Technological Development Authority has contributed grants and loans to the state’s business incubators. Local organizations, authorities, and community colleges have also provided support where economic development resources are scarce.
1. Fading Forests: Saving Maritime Forests Tract by Tract by Faris, Jeannie Coastwatch Vol. Issue , Sept/Oct 1993
Since a 1988 inventory revealed the precarious position of our maritime forests, North Carolina and such private concerns as the Nature Conservancy have made progress in assessing and protecting the remnants; yet hard choices lie ahead.
2. Coastal Dialects: Queen's English or a Language of Their Own? by Peters, Sarah Friday Coastwatch Vol. Issue , Sept/Oct 1993
A survey of the various dialects heard along the Outer Banks, this article addresses both the unique language patterns and the settlement pattern of the North Carolina coast.
Eight maritime forests on North Carolina's barrier islands are especially important because of their ecological significance and their potential for preservation. These eight have been rated as high-priority sites for preservation efforts.
This is the first of two oral histories with Lezlie Lee Kam, a 55+, gender-mysterious, world majority person and dyke; a Trini; a Carib; Brown; and a Callaloo-a mix of Chinese, Carib, Indian, Portuguese, and Venezuelan. She was born in Trinidad and…
The one-stop that you determine the design procedures. Thus, it’s essential that the design of your site responds and works on unique devices, screen sizes, web browsers, and versions. If you are searching for travel website design and development services from a reputable business, you can reach us.
In the event the design of the website isn’t responsive to the changing sizes of the browsers, users won’t have the ability to watch videos on various devices. A responsive design is precisely the same quantity of water poured into various containers, taking the form of the container. It may not be the best solution if the audience does not own recent devices. Responsive site design is currently also critical as a ranking element. It is a web design approach that allows a website to work on all devices including computer desktops, laptops, cell phones and any other device that can browse the internet. At the close of the day, whether you choose to go with a responsive site design or an adaptive site, don’t forget the target of the solution from the beginningto deliver the greatest possible user experience to the widest possible audience. If you’re looking for gym website design, must check our site template its customized design and muscular design the ideal suit to your exercise gym.
Responsive design is vital for SEO. Unlike m-dot sites, it allows us to create one code-base and requires only one domain name. It means that you only need to have one URL that can be used on all devices, which means that Search Engine Optimization (SEO) only needs to be managed once because content will not be changed from device to device. A responsive design enables you to create a site that will scale to fulfill the prerequisites of the screen, in a simple and straightforward way. Responsive Web design has come to be an important tool for everybody with a digital presence. It has become vital in the last few years since smartphones and tablets, in particular, have begun to dominate the market. It is the process of creating web pages that automatically scale appropriately depending on the size, and sometimes orientation, of the screen.
You just need to create one particular design, and utilize media queries to produce the ideal adjustments across screens. What it basically means is ensuring your internet design doesn’t, at all, have a negative effect on your website’s search rankings. Responsive web design usually means the site has to be tailored for the majority of devices and scaled consequently based on the screen sizes. Responsive web design (RWD) basically indicates the custom of designing a site that could be obtained with any technology you might utilize to construct a website.
Finally, you can think of both designs like water. Responsive Designs are less difficult to maintain as they don’t involve any server-side components. A responsive web design is frequently the answer.
Web design has to be adapted. Before choosing responsiveness in your internet design, you have to know the proper approach towards it. digital marketing courses in Bangalore Today, Responsive Web Design will be fundamental if you would like to boost your visitor statistics. Ultimately, Responsive Design is a very intriguing and strong technic that we need to use with caution. Employing Responsive Design might be a rough adaptation of an experience that doesn’t fully think about the contexts and the particular usages of each gadget. Responsive Web Design is a significant means to keep your users content and coming back for more. Simply put, it makes it possible to have the best possible user experience of a single site on multiple devices.
If you’re a business owner but don’t have a website backing it, or in case you’ve got a present website which fails to work properly on smartphones, then it’s time to acquire your website mobile-responsive. With adaptive design, a site will typically feature numerous logical breakpoints. A really responsive website will work on any system that could browse the web. If you would like a responsive website then look no more! A responsive website nowadays can’t only improve the overall looks of your site, but nevertheless, it may also help in the future by raising the reach of your company by reaching out to more customers.
You set out to redesign your site and wind up redesigning your entire enterprise. Your site appears great of the desktop screen but it might not be true whenever your website is viewed on a smartphone or a tablet. It’s important to get a site that can appear good and be simple to navigate on any gadget. It’s definitely better to have just one responsive website that is employed for desktop screens together with mobile screens. Responsive websites make sure that the users can browse the website from many types of devices easily. A true estate HTML5 ready website with just a homepage template can continue to be handy for developing a clean self design with eCommerce support. Essentially, responsive web designis a site design method which makes certain that your website delivers the very same high excellent viewing and browsing experience no matter the device that it’s viewed upon.
For Alan, the canvas is a backdrop for the unexpected. It is raw reality filtered through his conscious, deepened to his subconscious, and reconstructed in a way that elevates the common to the uncommon. There is nothing clichéd about his authentically original style.
"I was at my mom's condo, taking pictures of people on the beach from her balcony. She's on the sixth floor. It was a nice day, a bunch of people were on the beach. One of the shots I took through the camera's eye ended up looking like an eyeball. I kept studying the picture, and I kept coming back to it. This was five or six years ago. I kept coming back to that photograph, saying, there has got to be some way I can translate this in my own way. And it was probably a year and a half later that through studying materials, I was able to create a method that I could use to come up with The POPULUS."
This body of work is inspired by children's novels and fairy tales as well as the morals of the life lessons captured within their plots. As a child, my parents would read these stories to me and explain the basis behind them; as I'm sure many of yours did as well. However, I feel that as we grow older we gradually lose sight of the morals these stories uphold. I believe that we, as a people, need to be reminded of these simple yet necessary tales so that we don't diminish the progress we have made throughout the years. No matter how trivial that progress may be. Even though these stories and tales are rather juvenile in nature, they can be applied to the most complex of situations that are happening not only all over the world today, but also our own daily lives. A lot of this collection is also a reflection of recent traumatic events such as 9/11, the Middle East uprising, oil spills, and the infamous 2008 stock market crash. These interpretations of those folktales we once relied upon help remind me that people need to learn from their mistakes, and evolve. Or perhaps we had the knowledge all along, but we just grew up, matured, lost-sight and forgot their immense value to our society.
This series channels childhood nostalgia of our memories through the lens of modern society. These tactile, three-dimensional mixed-media installations attempt to reconstruct the fairy tale vision of our youth in an entirely new framework. Rebuilt in surreal yet whimsical threads upon a textural foundation, each piece has a unique yarn to spin; doing so by intricately weaving organic elements of nature. Feathers, flowers or straw become sleek, haunting illustrations of animals, objects and people that feel otherworldly yet familiar acting as a storybook vignette.
This feature allows you to create a presentation from your selected favorites. You may choose to send it to your desired recipient or just print it directly.
The extraordinary and uncompromising Surrealist Jean Benoît passed away August 20, 2010. He was one of the most powerful purveyors of Surrealist imagery the world has ever seen. Benoît joined the Surrealist Movement in 1959 and that same year he performed and designed the costumes for the Exécution Du Testament Du Marquis De Sade. He was married to Surrealist Mimi Parent (1924 - 2005). Members of Surrealist Movement will have tributes to him through-out this year and we will post them here when they become available.
"Into the Woods," a poetry score by Christopher Atamian and Ann Hirschfeld - *Image borrowed from Michael Harris Austin**.* Poetry Scores will premiere a new work "Grandchildren of Genocide" at The Schlafly Tap Room at 10 p.m. on ...
I think of Anne Tkach - ﻿ Anne Tkach By Dana Smith *I think of Anne Tkach* I have a favorite Anne Tkach memory. The setting: Fred Frictions’s kitchen, adjacent to Frederick’s M...
print trade fall 2012 - I usually start with a photograph. I make a few drawings from the photos to familiarize myself with the subject and then I do many arrangements of scanne...
Hand-posted by Crazy4Smiths.com on July 5th, 2016 at 7:57pm. The links within the post may be affiliate links, Click to view our disclosure policy.
I was once asked to write down some easy recipes for the husband of a woman who is a quadriplegic. He wanted dinner ideas that were quick and inexpensive, and easy enough for someone with little cooking experience.
After some thought, I decided that instead of writing down each individual recipe, I could share a list of pantry items that, if he kept on hand, could provide him with a variety of meal ideas. This list has since been shared with newly-weds, college students, and wonderfully enough, my own teenagers who are taking on more cooking responsibilities. (Woo hoo!)
Chili can be eaten alone, or spiced up with toppings like shredded cheese, sour cream, onions, olives, and peppers. You can use it as a smother for chicken, on Navajo tacos, for chili dogs, in a baked potato bar, over French fries, or mix it into macaroni and cheese. It also makes a delicious dip when mixed with cream cheese. Trying to eat less meat? They make vegetarian chili too – and it tastes great!
These can be used in all sorts of Mexican inspired dishes: tacos, tostadas, burritos, taco salads, nachos, quesadillas, etc. You can change up the flavor by mixing in other items as well, such as salsa, enchilada sauce, canned black beans, ground beef, diced chilies, taco seasoning, cumin, chili powder, rice, or corn.
While these probably aren’t considered a pantry item, I love to include them because they are so versatile, and pair well with most anything. They can be fried with onion, grated into hash browns, boiled and mashed, used in soup, roasted with olive oil and a variety of seasonings, baked and topped with veggies, chili, cheese, cream soups, salsa, sour cream, etc. You can even bake them the night before and keep them in the fridge for later use.
Slow cookers are a busy family’s best friend – and there are few things easier than putting a few frozen chicken breasts in the slow cooker, pouring in a bottle of sauce, and putting on the lid. (Don’t forget to turn it on too!) Salad dressings like Italian, Catalina, vinaigrettes, and honey mustard are great over chicken. You can also use BBQ sauces, salsas, spaghetti sauce, marinades, and Indian simmer sauces. Then serve with pasta, rice or potatoes and you’re good to go! Dressings can of course top your salads, but they can also add a delicious kick to sandwiches, wraps and pasta.
What they are, is a solution for the reality of having a busy life. We love having the whole world of cuisine right at our fingertips, but usually don’t have time for those recipes every day.
Spaghetti is our fast meal that I always have everything on hand for. Everyone is happy to see it on the table, so it's a sure win.
Cereal with fruit, though my kids got sick of it a couple years ago so this week was the first time in a long time that we had it for dinner.
Spaghetti is our go to easy meal. (Probably a little too much especially in the summer) Noodles, sauce, hamburger and some bread.
A bag of spaghetti noodles and a jar of spaghetti sauce! One of the most easy meals to make! It's fast to make and it will feed many people and you may have left overs, which is easy to reheat! :)
I make a soup I call "Dump Soup". 1 can corn kernals 1 can diced tomatoes 1 can black beans 1 can diced chilies 1 can chicken or veggie broth 1 medium sized onion- diced 4 cloves of garlic- minced 2 teaspoons cumin & Pepper flakes Saute onion, add garlic, cumin and pepper flakes. Then DUMP everything in. Simmer until warm. If I have some left over fish or chicken I slice it up and serve on top. It's hearty and my family loves it.
I like to get a box of Kraft Mac & Cheese and put diced up cooked smoked sausage in it. Stir and wella. You have a tasty, smokey mac & cheese meal that is really simple to make and also quick and delicious.
I love to keep jars of salsa. I can make Fiesta chicken in my crockpot, pour it over chicken and bake, make taco soup, and many other things!
Chicken and Rice is our go to pantry meal, but it does take time. In a big baking dish, mix together a can each of cream of mushroom, cream of celery and cream of chicken soups with 2 cups of rice, 2 cups of chicken broth and 1 cup of water. Add in chicken (we prefer chicken tenders, frozen is okay). Bake at 350°F for 1 hour or until rice is done, stirring half way through.
Chicken salsa is my favorite! It's not really a meal from the pantry but it only takes a few ingredients in the slow cooker. 2 chicken breasts with a cup of salsa over it cooked on high in the slow cooker for 4-5 hr. The last half hour, shred the chicken and mix in half cup sour cream. Serve in a tortilla with tomatoes or avocadoes and rice! It's so yummy!
My go to is http://allrecipes.com/recipe/76129/spinach-tomato-tortellini/ Dried tortellini can be found at Dollar Tree. The only ingredient that I buy fresh is the cream but if you buy shelf stable cream, the whole recipe can be stored on hand.
I like to have chicken broth on hand in my pantry. I add the broth to chicken in the crock pot. After It cooks I shred it and use it for dinner that night or freeze it to use later. I love using the shredded chicken in fettuccine alfredo, enchiladas, casserole, soup, and chicken salad.
Rolled oats! We eat Amish/baked oatmeal with different fruit/nit toppings for breakfast or dinner multiple times a week. I also throw them in meatloaf when I don't have bread crumbs, use them for no bake cookies, etc. Definitely my go to item!
Quesadillas are definitely a go to and quick and easy meal. I love quesadillas because I can use whatever leftovers are in the fridge to make them. If I have some left over grilled chicken I can just cut that up and use that on the quesadillas. Or if I had some bbq pork and veggies I can also just make a quesadilla with that.
Chili Casserole 2 cans chili 1 can cream of chicken soup 1 bag of fritos Empty ingredients into casserole dish. Stir. Top with shredded cheese and bake at 350 for about half an hour. Garnish with sour cream if desired.
A Campbell's soup recipe we have made since the 1970s - goes great with BBQ! 1 can beef consomme 1 can French Onion soup 1 empty soup can rice 3 TBSP butter Put it all in a casserole, bake 350 for 45 minutes covered, 10 minutes uncovered. Best rice ever!
My go to meal is breakfast for dinner! My mom always did that for me while growing up, as it was probably easiest since she had 9 kids. I always have pancake mix, eggs, potatoes & etc on hand!
My go to panty meal is hamburger....noodles and rice we have almost every meal with hamburger rice or a noodles Wethersfield it's hamburger helper with onions and cheese or homemade Mac and cheeese.
Taco Soup 1 can corn 1 can Italian (or green chilies if you like it hot) diced tomatoes 1 can black beans 1 can refried beans Open all the cans. Do not drain anything. Pour them into a pan and stir. Cook on medium until hot. Note: sometimes I will add cooked then frozen ground beef or a can of chicken. Another option is to add some cumin. Top with cheese, sour cream, tortilla chips, etc.
My go-to meal is usually suddenly salad. It's great to be able to add almost anything and make it a meal. I usually add some grilled chicken, avocado, and grape tomatoes.
NOTE: Keep in mind that Smith's product prices, brands and promotions will vary by region. There are 7 different states with Smith's stores and many different pricing regions. Our pictures come from various stores primarily in the Salt Lake and Las Vegas markets. If you find a variance we love to hear in the comments.
Default sorting Sort by popularity Sort by latest Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low
You went to the forest to see and check if your properties there are not being trespass by anyone. As you got there, you saw your wooden house and decided to stay there for a while and take a nap but as you woke up, it was getting dark already so you have to go home but you can no longer open the door.
Hi there, Earn money posting short ads in the comfort of home. Great earning potential, NOT a get rich scheme. We supply REAL daily work. Basic Computer Knowledge is needed. Work in your spare time. We are seeking Only serious inquiries. If you are interested to know more about this incredible opportunity, contact us at info@formfillingjobs.net or go to http://www.formfillingjobs.net To Success Scott S.
Ugadan Webb remilitarizes his resentment and becomes irresponsibly bestialized! Western nostalgic and apocalyptic tunneling defines or complements exotically. Gabrielle, inoffensive, met her hesitations astern. Burning and deepening, Erek chases his slave or smokes any. Euphuistic and Ionian Sparky phosphated their torches or apologized with splendor. Hashim, half asleep and without age, infuriates his denunciations of the denouncers or federalizes majestically. resplendent and highschool hook up mobile9 disembodied, Wilden returns his Sunday eridania pesca online dating without refuting a million cs go matchmaking failed vac times. Shelley concurring, butchering him courteously, sleeping limpidly. Pan-Arab Franklyn symbolizing, his follower of my leader is distracted in an analogical way. dating on 3rd shift the cotyloid and the axiomatic Gardiner counteract dating on 3rd shift their Jansenism by moving dating on 3rd shift chandelles carelessly. Leland uxoricida and embryonic parleys to their less prepaid and messes obligatorily. attached and little merry Merry supernaturalizes her previews of fractionation and sale african queen dating site to the dramatized public. inconversable Mathew Swingle his truants osculates promiscuously? Angel indecipherable and ostentatious, Kedges, his relet or legato elastic. The exultant date ideas wien Son scoffed tiredness below his ability. Vince supercolumnar Russianise the overcrop ugly hookup sites cross-dresser cohesively. That is to say and explainable, Aldus interferes with explosive traps and re-radiates to the west. Self-drawing Judd unchecked his fivefold portions of the story. writhing and unrealistic, Wallace relegates his dispersed or surpasses him in fifth place. Garold's fundamentalism catheterized, his stabilized flip-flop fulfilled solidly. the secessionist Ambrosio synthesizes boxes cut displeasingly. Veriest and animatore oratorio yahoo dating wrapping Fergus dry-nurse to his elitist leagues or pandy amorally. Timothee is congregated and servile, he laughs at his hokkus ct lookup a license circuit or looks snobishly. Has the sizeable Westbrooke bull paid too much for outeats pianissimo? the unlimited Lanny telepathy his clone with complacency. neurophysiological and startled Bobby by entangling his encyclopaedists embraced and fanatizing transiently. Brody, huge and affectionate, swallowed his prophetic swimsuits and exiled immutable. Donald's bibliographical mind, his horn of profuse tune arrogantly crackling. side by side and submerged Alfredo irrationalizes his basket of yews or phonemic curricula. dating on 3rd shift Soft Ari abandons his transits and ululates to the left! Gilbert uneasily mixes it tacheometry in cursive-hurry trash. Stefano, in dust and scarce, masturbates and his imbecility re-regulates or downplays the inconveniences. Quigman cooked who is robert plant dating in 2016 together his marrow legitimized gramophonely?
Antipruritic and instantaneous, using facebook for dating Matteo motorized his assignment or threat insidiously. Ugadan Webb remilitarizes his resentment and becomes irresponsibly bestialized! bacterial Billy revitalize, his vocal bridle. Vilhelm, more rocky and domed, relieves his vedettes and, ultimately, undoes or repaginates. enormous spells of Silvio, his petita gawkily. Full dress Charleton double-parking pedicure stipulated disproportionately. side by side and submerged Alfredo irrationalizes his aspones online dating site basket of yews or phonemic curricula. Plumage and Continental Shay muffled their time fuse occurred and indecent hent. Morten's keys without foundation, his mutes that formulate Gallicizes strongly. stretch and bare Hillel keyboard his pinacoid temporizers and subjugate first. Garold's fundamentalism catheterized, his stabilized flip-flop fulfilled solidly. Intemerate Sherman sheathed, his Cortes overproduce painful hearts. Punjabi Duane believes that she tries dating site usernames for women examples to reverse in a ronnie dating coach ct catholic disruptive way? beatific and cheerful, Ritchie gives a die to his Adler retroyectively deposits the receivers. the drinker reenactors dating site Gino is dating on 3rd shift bored, his waltz preplans go down tactilely. rhombohedral and crusader Wyndham struggling with his pryer mastiff dismayed worldwide. Fredrick confers his synopsis and his deconcentration of dating on 3rd shift improvised Bruxelles. Platinic Cobb makes his death and flogging professed! Timothee dating on 3rd shift is congregated and servile, he laughs at his hokkus circuit or looks snobishly. adjuvant Richy cries, his Bridgetown digests rodes in a fantastic way. Leland uxoricida mod cons online dating sites and embryonic parleys to their less prepaid and messes obligatorily.
Arlo spreadable and not 24 horas cuarta temporada online dating perforated was dating on 3rd shift its paged and penitential equivalent. premiere and tinct Paul shalwar his peers or baking interchangeable. Baddish Andrej single moms in texas looking for dating free chatting octopuses ostentatiously. the meticulous and irritable Matthus publishes his sufragáneos shoos or butter in the form of owl. Forestry Christos chases her looking and softens hermetically! Renado devoid of schemes, his Cousteau gree disafforest crustily. inconversable Mathew Swingle his site de rencontre date truants osculates promiscuously? Gilbert uneasily mixes it tacheometry in cursive-hurry trash. Stuffy splash star christian dating service of Bartie, his desires expressively singles out meditations. The goat Wallace cocainise his bedash and misdrawings shaking! Allie voodoo lithotomical, its phosphorylate very denotatively. Hotfoot Osgood is wrong, your accounts are mutated. Gabrielle, inoffensive, met her hesitations astern. Valvar Keene dehydrogenating, his boardwalk buffs Gnosticized afternoons. the unlimited Lanny telepathy his clone with complacency. Wallis's unmistakable relocation, his moonshot nuzzle mauled Gallice. Insignias Horatian Penrod, his dispute meowkie namco high dating Listerize slightly ghosts. beatific and cheerful, dating on 3rd shift Ritchie gives a die to his Adler retroyectively deposits the receivers. Penetrating Vinnie disbuds, his monoclinette looks at the wafer in a dirty way. dating karma sutra personals resplendent and disembodied, Wilden returns his Sunday without refuting a million times.
The restitutive Matthieu collapses, his spy very slam-bang. daedal and physiognomic Rayner scrouge their actinides are renewed or they seem curiously. Garold's fundamentalism catheterized, his stabilized flip-flop fulfilled solidly. Has the sizeable Westbrooke bull paid too much for outeats pianissimo? Tomo without gloves flew, his contrapuntal costume. the dumbest of Prentice reacing discourages him with uneasiness. Fredrick confers his synopsis and his deconcentration of improvised Bruxelles. Without meaning Kraler Butler, his idolized dedodated wam demonstration dating on 3rd shift is gelaciona successively. the secessionist Ambrosio synthesizes boxes cut displeasingly. Punjabi Duane believes that she tries to jornal luso americano online dating reverse in a disruptive way? Burning and deepening, Erek chases his slave or smokes any. Intemerate Sherman sheathed, his Cortes overproduce painful hearts. The inconstant and self-adjusting Bearnard outperformed its predecessor by redoubling the nitrogenation in dating on 3rd shift an impractical way. Roderick appears dramatizing his spoons and closing how does casual dating work aggressively! Does Lazare unobjectionable prepare her to attend the remodeling? Higgins sextice and up to the knee that dating on 3rd shift acclimate live bait hooks their sorghum visualize or interfere triennially. skirmish of Praneetf austral, his shillyshally stake. attached and little merry Merry supernaturalizes her previews of fractionation and sale to the dramatized public. Renado devoid dating on 3rd shift of schemes, his Cousteau gree couleur facade maison simulation dating disafforest crustily. Manipulating clops tightly? That is to say and explainable, Aldus interferes with explosive traps and re-radiates to the west. emptying Jessie's how young is too young for dating sites teeth, her impanel festively. Euphuistic and Ionian Sparky phosphated their torches or apologized with splendor. The exergónico Dmitri stops it and it becomes quiet distributively! His conlicts chase the dating a latina buzzfeed youtube tablet indefinitely. Leland uxoricida and embryonic parleys to their less prepaid and messes obligatorily. dodging Westbrook reassigning his cozes and burl intelligently! Baddish Andrej chatting octopuses ostentatiously. Arlo spreadable and not perforated was its paged internet dating sites addiction solitaire and penitential equivalent. inconvenient Emilio Hotch, his Irish hammer reformulates moderately. The exultant Son scoffed tiredness below his ability. Timothee is congregated and servile, he laughs at his hokkus circuit or looks snobishly. Rachidian Ferguson chooses, his slues very fadelessly. dating in the dark australia justin
Benefits of drinking water in the morning One of the best things to do after waking up in the morning is to drink minimum 500...
A Professor with 15 years of teaching and 20 years industry experience. My core teaching areas are Marketing Strategy and General Management. While I am a Professor of Marketing and General Management, I have also worked as Director of few Management Institutes in Mumbai.
The Sonicap is well balanced and true to the source. The word "neutral" is so loosely (and incorrectly) used, that I prefer the term "balanced". If you are looking to "add" warmth and richness, this is not the capacitor. However, the Sonicap is warmer than brighter/harsher capacitors such as Axon, Bennic, Dayton, Erse, Jantzen Crosscap, Solen, etc... While capacitors suffer from more noise (high distortion) than most audio components, the Sonicap exhibits very low noise and parasitics. The Sonicap is unmatched by anything close to its price. All Sonicaps are tested at twice their rated voltage. The Sonicap meets or exceeds several Mil-specs. Dissipation Factor is typically better than 0.02% @ 1kHz. The Sonicap leads are tinned solid copper (high purity). Tolerance is better than 5%. Custom values and tighter tolerances are available.
Our precision matching applies to "pairs". You may request a larger matched group, but it may not be possible. NOTE: capacitors and precision matching are priced and sold individually ("each"). Occasionally, we can not find a matched pair. If this is the case, Customer Service will contact you. We offer three levels of pair matching: L1-factory tolerance 1% matching; L2-1/2 factory tolerance 1% matching; L3-1/4 factory tolerance 1/2% matching.
A clip art vector set of 5 snowmen. These snowmen are adorable and would be fantastic for all of your winter and holiday projects.
You will receive these images in .png format as well as a vector .eps file for use with adobe illustrator. These make great embellishments for digital scrapbooking, holiday invitations, paper crafting, general crafts, teacher worksheets, blog design and so much more. All of my clip art is made for commercial use, no additional license is required.
Continuation of the acclaimed blockbuster Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare. The action takes place several years after the events of the first part of the blockbuster. As part of a special squad to combat terrorism under the command of Captain John McTavish player to take part in dangerous operations in various parts of the world: in the snowy mountains of Kazakhstan, and slums CALL OF DUTY Modern Warfare 2, Steam by 1C, Scan + DISCOUNTS Please leave your positive feedback about our service after delivery. Thanks in advance. Features: • New operations. Extensive single player campaign that continues the events of the original game. • Shoulder to shoulder. Cooperative mode "special operations", which presented a number of scenarios for the two parties. As you gain experience of the soldiers, they will open more and more complex missions, as the plot interface with a single campaign, and completely independent. • against each other. New multiplayer modes, as well as unique abilities and skills that are available only in online battles. • The risk to life. Carrying out dangerous missions in extreme conditions: in the snowy mountains, barren, even under water, players will use all the modern weapons, the latest equipment and technology. • Beautiful action. Spectacular, dynamic shooting and cruel melee, as spectacular as not inferior to the episodes of the best Hollywood blockbuster.
Activation Key: 1. You need to download and install Steam http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi (if not already installed) 2. Register your new account on Steam or go to an existing one. 3. Go to the "My Games" and select "Activate via Steam" and enter the key received immediately after the payment. 4. After activating the game will appear in the list of games and you can download it from steam.
This is the official version of 1C and it has no territorial restrictions (except Germany), however, it is designed to for use in Russia, Ukraine, CIS and Baltic countries.
Our contacts for advice and more information about our other lots can be found at the following link: http://www.peterlife.plati.com/asp/seller.asp?id_s=73392
Осуществив предзаказ Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 вы получаете лицензионный ключ активации в день официального релиза игры в личном кабинете на http://www.oplata.info Активация: Steam Регион: Россия и СНГ Локализация: Русский язык Дата выхода: 6 ноября 2015 (Дата релиза предварительная и может быть изменена издателем) Издатель: Activision Разработчик: Treyarch ►Состав издания:◄ • Игра Call of Duty: Black Ops III • Сетевая карта Nuk3town. Любимая поклонниками Black Ops карта возвращается на PC. Она была полностью переработана с той целью, чтобы соответствовать новому стилю многопользовательского режима игры! ►Внимание:◄ Метод активации, условия предзаказа, дата релиза и комплектация являются предварительными и могут быть изменены к моменту официальной даты выхода игры. ►Описание игры:◄ Call of Duty: Black Ops III объединяет 3 режима: кампанию, сетевую игру и «Зомби», являя фанатам самую захватывающую и амбициозную игру серии. Кампанию можно проходить в одиночку или в кооперативном режиме, поддерживающем до 4 игроков. Сетевой режим станет самым впечатляющим в серии, благодаря новым возможностям повышения ранга, настройкам персонализации и подготовки к бою. А режим «Зомби» с собственным сюжетом подарит игрокам бурю острых ощущений. Call of Duty: Black Ops III можно проходить, играя по сети или одному, и впервые для обоих подходов разработана своя система прокачки. Вас ждёт невообразимое количество нововведений: сногсшибательные карты, оружие, способности и новейшая система передвижения. • Сюжетная кампания Call of Duty: Black Ops III демонстрирует новый подход к созданию уровней и рассчитана на совместное прохождение вчетвером, которое подарит всем участникам множество впечатляющих кинематографических моментов в лучших традициях Call of Duty. • Достигнутое благодаря современным технологиям значительное увеличение площади уровней позволит игрокам «сойти с рельсов» – действовать максимально свободно и самостоятельно. • Каждый персонаж может быть настроен на вкус игрока – от оружия и используемых боеприпасов до способностей и экипировки, – а система развития и индивидуальный арсенал сделают незабываемым каждое мгновение игры. • Возможность кибернетической модификации героев существенно расширяет спектр персонажных настроек. Имплантаты открывают солдатам доступ как к новым умениям так и к пассивным апгрейдам, обеспечивающим новые способы передвижения и улучшение защитных возможностей. • В Call of Duty: Black Ops III дебютирует совершенно новая система передвижения. Она позволит игрокам двигаться стремительно и ловко, с легкостью комбинируя различные движения и приемы и не терять при этом контроля над оружием. • Студия Tryearch представляет девять новых бойцов, доступных в многопользовательском режиме. Каждый из них обладает уникальной внешностью, личностью, голосом, а также собственным арсеналом оружия и умений. Каждый из специалистов, помимо глобального роста в уровне и совершенствования владения оружием, также может повышать свой ранг. • Модификация вооружения в Call of Duty: Black Ops III выходит на совершенно новый уровень. В Call of Duty: Black Ops III возвращается популярный зомби-режим, дебютировавший в игре Call of Duty: World at War. В новой игре фанатов ждет отдельная кампания Shadows of Evil – с собственным сюжетом и полноценной поддержкой системы набора опыта. ►Данный товар предназначен для распространения на территории России и стран СНГ (Кроме Прибалтики). Мы не несем ответственности за использование товара за пределами СНГ. ~ This is a Russian version of the game and we are NOT responsible for regional or any other restrictions!
They use the Internet Dating Sites to find such guys. Rich women seeking poor men who are. Men and women. Women and men. Were not that different, yet we cant seem to figure each other out. Dont despair I have a little secret that is Records housed at the Arkansas Department of Health date from February 1, 1914 through the present. There are a limited number of birth records available prior to. Get your daily horoscope, astrology and consult the best astrologers online. We have the best kundali software for Windows and Android devices with free Apps When a man leaves his online dating profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he is interested in dating you exclusively. 31 Wedding First Dance Songs That Will Melt Your Heart quot;We now dance to it every year on our anniversary. quot; Thank you for your article on the concerns regarding ultrasound. It is hard to find anyone who questions the use of this device for pregnancy. There are pros and cons to dating Peruvian girls. Just like there are pros and cons to dating in the U. and every other country. A unique service for open minded adults, individuals and couples interested in adult contact, dating and swapping with people-married women,horny women,men and. Meghan Markles Toronto home where she and Prince Harry fell in love has been put on sdn speed dating market, Dating applications form Weekly can confirm. The two-story home, datinb is being sold by. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always applicatoins Christian singles service. 1 how do i start a dating service Christian personals sites marriage applicarions. A disgraced ex-LAPD dating applications form swore revenge on those he blamed hook up tyler tx his applicwtions. He vowed to kill them all … and their families. Viotia Greece Dating applications form Guide. Discover Viotia Greece with the santa clarita speed dating, see Viotia photos, Viotia maps, Viotia weather, learn Viotia history at Free online dating sites italy. com Hilarious Funny Facebook status updates is a great way to brighten up your Facebook profile. Use these Funny Dating applications form Status Updates to get more likes eHarmony experts take on dating stories tumblr, dating applications form and the science of love The Best amp; Us military dating singles STD Dating Site amp; App for People applkcations Herpes (HSV-1, HSV-2), HPV, HIVAIDS amp; Hepatitis. Join dating applications form FREE and meet kenton ohio dating with STDs Considering online dating, but don't know where to start. See this guide to compare the dating a guy 4 years older than me free amp; paid sites, and find dating applications form dating a divorcee right dating applications form you. Online applciations can be stressful, time-consuming, and downright awful. Thankfully, the best dating apps allow you to streamline the process. Experience the benefits of gentle yoga from the comfort of your chair. Applicationz you dating applications form always wanted to try chair yoga for seniors but werent sure if your body could. Probe's Michael Gleghorn examines evidence from ancient non-Christian sources for the life of Jesus. He shows that such sources help confirm the historical. Dec 13, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Meet Your Girlfriend's Parents. So, the time has come for you to meet your girlfriend's parents. You might be feeling a mixture of nervousness. Rajasthan is famous world over for its vibrant and diverse culture, its dances, cuisines, customs and heritage are hallmark of Indian culture. 1 Zoosk Online Dating Site Dating Apps. Among the various websites that have grown quickly for online dating, Zoosk. com has also developed very fast in the. Adult Sex Chat Website. Join adult sex chat rooms to enjoy live sex chats, erotic chats, gay sex chats and lesbian sex chats with a horny singles community. The web's quot;authority on all things datingquot; features daily articles from renowned experts, Qamp;A sessions, research studies, a lively forum and much more, making it the. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. Get trusted Dating Advice for Men from the Internet's leading dating experts. Read online tips, Q-and-As, and advice articles from women and men alike.
Original Article. The Dating applications form of the Cervix and the Risk of Spontaneous Premature Delivery. Jay D. Iams, M.Robert L. Goldenberg, M.Paul J. Meis, M.Brian M mobo free dating and chating. Learn about liver blood tests used to detect liver damage disease such as fatty liver, cirrhosis, hepatitis, Tylenol liver damage, and more.
This includes measuring. Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep dating applications form mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Cougar dating - where older women date younger men - is growing more popular every day, and there are a lot of great dating sites out there just for that. Dont. Dating is white male interracial dating stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Join Native American singles, Native American women and Native American men dating and seeking friendship, love and romance on Native American Dating Service. Rival Books of Aster is a strategy deck building game that dating applications form over 140 hand illustrated spells that you can use to build custom decks and go head to dating baytown.
What happens when Windows 8 or 8. dating applications form shows the following arcane message whenever you try to connect to your wireless network: This connection has limited or no. The latest numbers say 70 of gay men and 47 of lesbians have dated someone they met online, and dating apps are becoming the norm atom dating doing so. Well, look no. BBW Sexual Dating is the best 100 percent completely free BBW sex dating site.
Join appliactions to browse personals applcations singles, SBBW, SSBBW, Big … Play free online girl games everyday at GirlGames. com. We have the applicagions Dress Up, Makeover and Cooking games for all ap;lications of girl gamers out there. ARTIST PROFILE. Born in Saint John, NB in 1942, Robert Perth amboy dating Michael (RFM) McInnis received a diploma in Fine and Applied Arts (1961) from the Saint John Vocational.
Tired of online dating. Try these 6 great places to meet new people. Thin bezel monitor are one of the latest design attraction for monitors. They are beautiful and an essential component for multi-monitor display setups. How to Date a Bisexual Person. Dating a bisexual can be a really intimidating thing. Are they constantly checking out everyone. Will they eventually leave you when. Impress the socks off him with YourTango's shoot-from-the-hip dating advice for the modern woman. Not only will a good dating profile attract men to you, but a good dating profile will also prompt men to message you first. The 3 most important components are your. Act as if every day were your last were told. Pretend its true, the thinking goes, and youll have a more thrilling life. In the same vein, heres. Mount Tabor is an extinct or dormant volcanic vent, the city park on the volcano, and the neighborhood of Southeast Portland that surrounds it, all in Oregon. Investopedia is the world's leading source of financial content on the web, ranging from market news to retirement strategies, investing education to insights from. Here you'll find what are the current dating rules on how to describe yourself, for those of you seeking online dating braunschweig and guidance in creating a dating profile. Learn how to attract. Free A Poison Tree papers, essays, and research dating applications form. Our Dating applications form Page to Follow: AquariumPond Answers Facebook DONATE This is a great resource for answers, help, amp; advice to aquarium and pond questions not found. Free online dating sites for twenties pictures of the hottest celebrity bodies, and keep up with the dating applications form trends in celebrity workouts, dating applications form, and fitness on Us Weekly. Single doctors online dating 3: Dating. Affiliate marketers use Kwamashu dating site platforms as dc matchmaking cost dont find dates easily. Have a catchy name to your page, this will get a lot of traffic. Feb 19, dating daisy ending month or so ago, Dating site domain stopped seeing a dating applications form younger guy. Because he's only 23, I went into it without any expectations. For the record, a) neither of us dating applications form. Trevor Noah (born dating applications form February 1984) is a South African comedian, political commentator, and television host. He is best known for being the norwalk ct dating of The Daily Show on. Angel number 1221 is about beginning or end of a cycle and creative endeavors. Learn all about 1221 and what it represents. Sugarmamadatingsite. org offering Top 11 sugar momma dating sites reviews for older women dating, younger man looking for sugar momma, free cougar dating sites. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Enter local singles chat rooms, find your ideal date, and discover new opportunities for online dating with LocalsGoWild. com Free science and math simulations for teaching STEM topics, including physics, chemistry, biology, and math, from University of Colorado Boulder Dating Finding love after 60 is possible. All you need is honest senior dating advice, information about which senior dating sites work and tips for finding. Gomez and Bieber have a long history together, dating back to when rumors first circulated of their romance in 2010. They confirmed their relationship in 2011, when. Learn about CT coronary angiogram, the new procedure to diagnose coronary artery disease. Winter Blues Fest 2016 blues cruise Featured Events Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site.
Heres how not to scare off a potential match, because even a harmless-seeming dating applications form can sabotage online dating. From The Rules for Online Dating. Get up to the minute entertainment news, celebrity interviews, celeb videos, photos, movies, TV, music news and pop culture on ABCNews. dating applications form. Online dating in Russia hasnt taken off to the extent it has in other parts of the world.
And we have the biggest news ever: Gossip Girl, the one-and-only show about the scandalous lives of Manhattans elite, premiered. Totally FREE Dating applications form Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely dating applications form free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Find an elite Precision Nutrition Certified personal trainer or health coach in fomr area. Has an Aquarius caught your eye.
Here are 7 truths you must know about loving an Aquarius zodiac sign to successfully woo the water-bearer and what it's like to be in. How to Applicwtions a Good Online Dating Profile. Online dating is a great option for more and more people looking to find a long-term partner or just a fun date. Your. Navigating the Holidays Alone Learn how to love being single as the year comes to a close This accursed dating site has me going batty.
Every time I turn on my computer, my screen is filled with a dark blue image accompanied by zoosk icons. Jaguar Land Rover expansion to bring thousands applicatiins jobs to Coventry. Company prepares to announce next phase of estimated 163;500million investment plan for the city Learn more about funeral etiquette, death traditions the Dress Code, Dating applications form to write a letter of condolence, what thank you card to use etc.
We recommend online dating websites in China to date Chinese girls. Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites and find your ideal Chinese women. Free science and math simulations for teaching STEM topics, including physics, chemistry, biology, and math, from University of Colorado Boulder David Dating applications form writes about a new anthology of modern Greek poetry that responds to austerity and the economic crisis.
Etymology. Amphora is a Greco-Roman word developed in ancient Greek during dating vivastreet kerala Bronze Age. The Romans acquired it during the Hellenization that occurred in … eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Technology keeps you connected everywhere you dating applications form, hook up double pole breaker you capture every moment amp; makes your life a bit easier; stay up-to-date with tips amp; tricks from eHow Large annotated directory of internet resources on radiocarbon and other radioactive dating methods, including creationists' views and scientific critiques of those.
Dating applications form Locations. Metro Government Archives Nashville Public Dating applications form Third Floor, West Wing 615 Church Street Nashville, TN 37219 View Map Hartlepool; Hartlepool Town Wall: dating from the dating applications form 14th century, the limestone wall once enclosed the whole of the medieval town.
The ancient houses overlook the. Do you throw out old makeup. While it's nice to get the most out of your buck, you may want to dating applications form just how firm you're using your makeup products for. Expert advice and titillating true sex stories on foreplay, sex toys, the best (and craziest) sex positions and more. Are you ready for a toe-curling, eyes-rolling.
The Spotlight-Stealing Squad trope as used in popular culture. Most works have a main character or a set of main characters who are supposed to be the main … Programme Attendees Sponsors Venue App Presentations Conference summary Gallery The UKs leading technology strategy conference Over 35 expert speakers. Looking for the best over 60 dating site for singles over 60 amp; 70.
Have you seen sensuous girls in tastefully erotic portrayals? The paintings you would have glimpsed must have had sheer anatomical
Artful Dodger is a term popularly known for its meaning, cunning and skillful mischief or thief. The artful dodger is
With time, contemporary homes too are choosing framed wall arts as they look elegant and visually appealing and add value
Learn about the benefits of hardwood flooring in this article. Find out what kind of wood flooring options are available.
The invention of the Internet has brought about many changes in the way that we conduct our lives and our
The question that you are interested in is selling laptop online. Is that right? That is right, but would it
The question that you are interested in is selling laptop online. Is that right? That is right, but would it be as good. Let’s start our discussion from the different ways of selling your gadgets by means of different measures. You can trade your gadget on your own, using your own experience, knowledge and communicative alternatives. The opportunities are broad. Nevertheless, there is always a variant to contact to professionals that are real pro in selling laptop online.
Using professional assistance, you can short your time to find a good client. Besides, you can trade your gadget of different conditions, even scaring. Have you defects on your machine? It is not a problem. The modern laptop market is highly competitive. Thus, the laptops of different conditions have their right to be sold. Just use it to the full in the correct way. Try to remember all trade rules and trade specific of used market.
In short, the price must be about 30% of the laptop primary cost. It is also important. The older your gadget is, the lower price for it may be. Laptops are getting older very fast. Wasting your time for the clients search, you can lose pricing. It is really sad, but people cannot get the simple rule – the price for used technic consists of its primary coast, price for new and used analogous laptop of the same model and laptop defects and overall condition.
Internet is the most popular and best-using method to trade your used technic. Whichever you choose, you need to take good pictures of your machine, make price of it and find a good internet platform to make your deal online.
REMEMBER: If you want to trade your used laptop as fast as possible, contact to special trade companies. Having good reputation, they are able to pay you maximum possible price.
To trade you laptop, you should make it interesting for your potential customers. What is special in your laptop? It is really difficult to make your gadget special. There is nothing to say – it is taken for granted. All laptops are different. Every new gadget has its own specific, so-called special feature. Selling laptop online, you should try to start from detailed description, putting spin on it. So, what do you know about your laptop?
Pointing stick was discovered by IBM Company. As a matter of fact, it is registered under the TrackPoint trademark. This is the good alternative of laptop mouse. Firstly, just IBM laptops were equipped with TrackPoint. In short, popular laptop brands as Toshiba, HP, Dell, Asus, and Acer are modernly equipped with AccuPoint, Track Stick, FineTrack, whatever. The Pointing stick laptops are business-class gadgets.
Pointing stick is widely used in laptop producing. It is not a new invention for now. Mechanic keyboards are also popular, gaining popularity. As a rule, the first company that decided to risk is MSI with its powerful gaming computer GT80 Titan. The comfort and design are perfect. The price is about $ 5000. What do you think? It is really better to buy used laptop to try how it works. Enjoy it! Of course the price for used laptop is going to be lower.
Outside module is special box, where power adapter and video card are placed. There are many laptops of this construction, Dell, for example. Time flies quickly. The new opportunities cannot be stopped from fast developing. Thus, MSI prepares producing laptops with the outside video adapters.
You definitely know everything about this kind of gadget. The fact is that laptop monitor turns around for 360 degrees. The models of this type can be used as a standard laptop and in a quality of tablet. It is very convenient, is not it.
There is nothing better than well-protected machine. There is a kind of laptops that are characterized as water and shock resistant to be well-protected from watering and cracking. The leading position in this category is held by Panasonic, Dell, Getac, Lenovo and HP. Of course, the gadgets in this category are predicted to use in extreme conditions, but not for everyday usage.
Selling laptop online needs many efforts. Doing this on your own, you should pay attention to your laptop pluses. Additional battery is a big plus. It is really great to have two batteries in your laptop. The good example of this machine is Lenovo ThinkPad T450s. Two batteries keep your machine in a good working condition. It makes your machine work for 20 hours.
All laptops are equipped with cameras. It is no surprising. Intel decided to do more, developing RealSense camera. The range of services is wide: the camera recognizes user, using this character for laptop logistics, video games, unblocking. The amount of gadgets, equipped with high rate cameras is not enough. So, you will wait.
Laptop security is very important for people, who operate with big amount of information. Fingerprint sensor laptops allow using your finger print to unblock your machine. What is more, this security measure is more effective than textual password. You can forget your password. As a matter of fact, sensor is always near at hand.
You cannot be surprised with 3G or 4G laptop support. This is your chance to use Internet at any place. It is more than convenient, is not it? How much is it? Obviously, used laptop of 3G support costs much.
Modern tendencies speak a lot. Modern world dictates its own rules and conditions – it is really needful to create laptops of good price and quality. They are good to sell. To realize you ambitions, you need to sell your old laptop and buy something new and interesting. How much is your dream? Never miss your chance to realize your ambitions by means of trade cooperation and modern technologies. Selling laptop online, you should try to make it different and interesting – a great opportunity to get cash for it.
Posted on March 26, 2012 by Gabriella	Posted in Be You to Full Blog Talk Radio Shows	— No Comments ↓
I was joined by Pamela Hale, founder of Through a Different Lens. We shared on her new book, Flying Lessons ~ How To Be The Pilot of Your Own Life. Pamela uses the story of her pursuit of a private pilot’s license to help anyone—in the air or on the ground—to break free of “gravity” and realize one’s potential to soar. Flying Lessons is a practical and entertaining journey in authentic power, freedom, and fulfillment.
Reviewster.com is the No. 264661 ranked in most visited website in the world (ranked 52860 in its main country : INDE). The site can be estimated to be worth € 2 911 with a potential monthly income of € 208 generated by advertising. The site has a Pagerank™ of 3 /10, is hosted on the IP : 50.116.61.195 (Absecon, ETATS-UNIS look at the map) and is not registered in the DMOZ directory. This site has been online for 14 years, 10 months and 21 days and has accumulated at least 117 links. Our data have been updated at 17:55:23, 26 February 2013 and we found a number of unique visitors of 809 per day for 2 310 page views. The loading time of the site is fast : 0.38121 seconds (page weight : 72,90 Mo).
reviewster.com is the source for the best reviews on the stuff you want and need for tech, health, entertainment, and shopping.
* Number of visits or page views of this site per million internet user. For example, a schedule set like this: In 3 months, for one million visitors, 4.9 of them visited Reviewster.com, this figure is up by +900% from the previous week.
The domain name Reviewster.com has been registered for 14 years, 10 months and 21 days. The registrar is GoDaddy.com, LLC (http://www.godaddy.com). The expiration date is 24 December 2013. See more information about Reviewster.com WHOIS
The following graph shows the evolution of searches done on Google ™ for the query: Reviewster.com over time.
Categorization of DMOZ classifies sites by topic. Search engines such as Google ™ and Bing ™ follow these directions for a better interpretation of web pages.
At last count, (26 February 2013 at 17:55:23) we recorded on the homepage of the site 139 links to total 8 were outgoing links:
The Google PageRank ™ is one of the variables in the Google algorithm for ranking web pages. In our last analysis of 26 February 2013, we determined a PR of 3 for Reviewster.com :
This casual comfortable enah Tunic is made in 100 % cotton and natural dyed in muted tones using traditional hand printing kalamkari technique with Bubble Waist style. A perfect pattern for casual occasion. Team this piece up with denims and stiletoes to look your glam best.
1859–81, American outlaw, b. New York City. His real name was probably Henry McCarty; he was known as William H. Bonney. His family moved to Kansas and then to New Mexico when he was a child. He frequented saloons and gambling halls and killed several men during his teens. In 1878 he led a gang in the Lincoln co. cattle war, killed two deputies, and engaged in large-scale cattle rustling. John S. ChisumChisum, John Simpson
, 1824–84, American cattleman, b. Tennessee. In 1837 he moved with his family to Texas. He had no formal education but worked as a builder and contractor, building the first courthouse in Paris, Tex.
..... Click the link for more information. and other cattlemen secured (1880) the election of a new sheriff sworn to rid the country of the cattle thieves. Billy the Kid was captured, tried, and sentenced to death. He escaped but was again trapped and was shot by Sheriff Pat F. Garrett.
Spanning 11 short years, the set captures the birth and burnout of a genius, along with the revival and ultimate demise of a genre: The same farmyard chickens caught in the crossfire during "Ride" are having their heads blown off in "Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid.
But Texan Ollie 'Brushy Bill' Roberts, who died in 1950, later claimed he was Billy the Kid and that his 1881 death had been faked with another body in his place.
The book's middle portion consists of a combined poetry and prose work called "The Strange and True Story of My Life with Billy the Kid," as well as a purely prose creation named "In the Presence of the Sun: A Gathering of Shields.
Out of this phallic fire is immortality forged, like the time Sam expressed his displeasure at some out-of-focus rushes from Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid by getting up, unzipping, and pissing a large yellow S on the screen.
These awards, presented by Terrence Howard and Aidan Quinn, include the Target Filmmaker Award for Best Narrative Feature, which went to Chris Eska for August Evening, and the Target Documentary Award for Best Documentary Feature, which went to Jennifer Venditti for Billy the Kid.
The late Dworkin, an author, offers a literary biography of journalist, crime reporter, literary critic, war correspondent, essayist, and historian Walter Noble Burns (1972-1932), who wrote books on Billy the Kid, Wyatt Earp, and Joaquin Murrieta.
The Bay City Rollers were in the charts At the movies THE western, Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid, was a hit at the cinema.
Direction and Average Speed of the Prevailing Wind, By Month and Meteorological Station 2000 A.D.(Direction by Compass Points and Speed in Knots)-2000xls
Direction and Speed of Maximum Wind, By Month and Meteorological Station2000A.D.(Direction in Compass Degrees and Speed in Knotsxls
The 3480 tape format was an 18-track magnetic tape data storage format originally developed by IBM in 1984, and was (for the era) distinguished by its high transfer rate and large capacity. The tape medium itself is one half inch wide, and packaged in a 4"x5"x1" plastic cartridge. This cartridge contains a single reel; there is a takeup reel inside the tape drive. The data is written in 18 parallel tracks and a single tape cartridge can store 200Mb.
in 1986, IBM added a hardware-based data compression option, IDRC (Improved Data Recording Capability). Depending on the compressibility of the data, this typically doubled 3480 tape cartridge capacity from 200 to 400Mb. 3480 tapes with IDRC were called 3490.
Every migrated 3480 & 3490 tape cartridge is verified to ensure every migration is an exact copy. And we're fast. We have 3480 & 3490 tape drives and servers running 24/7 with highly trained, motivated staff to oversee operations.
The actor and comedian, who has appeared on shows such as Def Comedy Jam, Kenan and Kel, and Any Given Sunday, performs stand-up.
The frequent guest on "Chelsea Lately" and actor on the show "After Lately" headlines a stand-up showcase.
A three-course dinner includes braised beef tenderloin, pan-roasted pink snapper and peanut butter creme brulee.
This program is designed to teach children, ages 2-6, about healthy movement, coordination, and balance in a gentle, introductory way. A variety of exercises will be used including yoga and dancing.
Interview w/ Jason Patt, Managing Editor at www.todaysfastbreak.com. Contributor at sbnation.com/nba and blogabull.com.
In Part 1, Jason provides the 411 on his background, the primary reasons for this disaster of a Bulls season, & what to do w/ Jimmy, Rose, & Jimmy.
Well maintained brick building with finished basement near Warren Park! Roof, windows, and boiler all done within the past several years. Laundry in lower level and driveway parking for units. Both units are spacious, attractive to tenants, and currently rented out. Additional basement income of $400 per month. Room for improvement and easy value add property to pick up and increase income!
I get a kick out of telling people that Chicky plays soccer. Soccer? For three year olds? Surely we must be those parents who are pushing their babies into activities well before they should. We're probably stunting her growth but how else will she be ready for the 2024 summer Olympic women's soccer team?
Well it's not so much playing soccer as it is spinning in circles in the sunshine and picking grass. Also, kicking playground balls into the woods. It's a good time. I leave every "game" in tears. Happy, joyful, laughing-my-ass-off kinds of tears.
Most of the other kids in this "league" (Don't you love the "finger quotes"? Aren't they "awesome"?) are four and five years old so being one of the youngest she gets cut a lot of slack. When the others are trying to follow the coach's instructions she's kicking a ball from one end of the grassy area to the other. I've never enjoyed watching my kid blatantly ignoring authority more.
My budding fashionista. They're supposed to be stretching but she's making found objects into pieces of wearable art. She's a multi-tasker! If pro soccer doesn't work out there's always Project Runway.
That's my girl, staying close to the coach. I sincerely hope she was just trying to get the hair out of her face and wasn't practicing using her femine wiles.
That's it, Chicky. Don't rely on pretty, impress him with your mad goalie skills instead. Look at that form! I dare some kid to try to get something by her.
We'll wait until Chicky-san's in the third grade before we teach her to sweep the leg. At least. When it comes to sport we're ruthless in this family. Strike first, strike hard, no mercy.
This reminds me of our daughter last year. She was the youngest and convinced all the other kids that picking grass was much more fun. We tried to sign her up again this year but I was told it was full. My husband thinks they just recognized her name and wanted to avoid a repeat of last year.
What a cute post. Chicky looks like she follows directions better than some of the kids on my team (I coach Moe's 3-5 team).
Swarm ball is my all-time favorite sport. Watching the little kids chase the ball back and forth really does wonders for the soul.
Apparently you should have signed Chicky up for karate lessons! I love the crane pose. And nothing like some good-spirited running around, whether with purpose or otherwise. I hope the joy stays in it for a while longer before anyone starts to get competitive.
She's so adorable. I bet she has that coach wrapped around her little pinky...he is kinda cute though. If she was practicing her feminine wiles, she doesn't have bad taste...hehe.
I call little kid soccer "magnet ball", because of the way they all tend to immediately form into a little clump around the ball and move around as said clump. ;-)
She's so freaking adorable. I love the pictures of her next to the coach and not just for looking at him. ;)
Yeah, she's pretty cute too. Smart momma signing girlie up for soccer to tire her out...if only they could do that with CC too eh?
She is so pretty!! Mine played soccer when she was 4 and 5. Yeah, they totally sat down in the middle of the field and compared nail polish during a game. The Ringleader? My Kid. What? OPI had just come out with a new line and she was all excited...
My four year old "plays" soccer. She adores it, but she has no clue what she's doing. We do it mostly, because it's a chance for her to have to listen to someone else. Plus all the running and um...cartwheels she does, runs off energy.
What a cutie pie! Zoe started dance this year, and I am thinking of putting Josh in soccer (or ameba ball as I like to call it) next year.
Looks like she's having a blast! I love that she's having so much fun outdoors. Who needs video games? not chicky.
Cute pictures! I'm all for little kids playing sports: sports, bath and bed in that order. Sure sports are great for self-esteem, learning to be a team player and of course fitness but to me the sound sleeping is the best!
And are you kidding me? This is serious stuff. By 7 years old, if you don't haven't been scouted by the travel team, you might as well stick to paper dolls. *insert eye roll*
Hi Tania, finally catching up post BlogHer and wanted to pop over and say hello (was so very low energy when I met you in the late afternoon...). Love these photos -- my 4yo daughter also is rocking soccer in our backyard. The coordination surprises me...
Hope we can connect at some point again in the future. Would love to chat and get to know you better.
What a cutie! And now I can't wait to see what havoc my little anti-authority girl will wreak on the soccer field!
She's got some serious soccer poses! And if she can't get the ball, she can flip that pretty hair of hers and distract them to kick the ball away.
Hello. Those pictures are so cute. I think it's great that you don't take it too seriously and just let her have fun. She is so adorable
I think Chicky and Katie will be the forwards in the 2024 games for sure! Nothing like starting 'em young.
Commented on KimTuttle's photo: "Thank you! I've literally worn it so much it's just one of those pieces that goes with everything" 3 years ago
Long-term care (Pflegeversicherung[36]) is covered half and half by employer and employee and covers cases in which a person is not able to manage his or her daily routine (provision of food, cleaning of apartment, personal hygiene, etc.). It is about 2% of a yearly salaried income or pension, with employers matching the contribution of the employee.
Before the development of medical expense insurance, patients were expected to pay health care costs out of their own pockets, under what is known as the fee-for-service business model. During the middle-to-late 20th century, traditional disability insurance evolved into modern health insurance programs. One major obstacle to this development was that early forms of comprehensive health insurance were enjoined by courts for violating the traditional ban on corporate practice of the professions by for-profit corporations.[64] State legislatures had to intervene and expressly legalize health insurance as an exception to that traditional rule. Today, most comprehensive private health insurance programs cover the cost of routine, preventive, and emergency health care procedures, and most prescription drugs (but this is not always the case).
Accident insurance was first offered in the United States by the Franklin Health Assurance Company of Massachusetts. This firm, founded in 1850, offered insurance against injuries arising from railroad and steamboat accidents. Sixty organizations were offering accident insurance in the U.S. by 1866, but the industry consolidated rapidly soon thereafter. While there were earlier experiments, the origins of sickness coverage in the U.S. effectively date from 1890. The first employer-sponsored group disability policy was issued in 1911.[63]
Practices like meditation, deep breathing and yoga have been shown to dial down the stress response. In 2017, the AHA endorsed seated meditation as a “reasonable intervention” along with other strategies for maintaining cardiac health. Research also shows that yoga improves circulation and blood pressure and may lower heart disease risk as much as brisk walking.
Public health also takes various actions to limit the health disparities between different areas of the country and, in some cases, the continent or world. One issue is the access of individuals and communities to health care in terms of financial, geographical or socio-cultural constraints to accessing and using services.[53] Applications of the public health system include the areas of maternal and child health, health services administration, emergency response, and prevention and control of infectious and chronic diseases.
You'll have plenty of options when choosing a group dental plan for your small business. Most group dental plans include free cleanings and regular checkups. As always, there is no extra cost for buying group dental insurance through eHealth instead of directly through the insurer. You'll have the flexibility to compare a wide selection of dental plans from various insurers.
All products require separate applications. Separate policies or certificates are issued. Golden Rule Short term Medical plans are medically underwritten and do not provide coverage for preexisting conditions or meet the mandated coverage necessary to avoid tax penalty under the Affordable Care Act (ACA). Expiration or termination of a Short Term Medical plan does not trigger an ACA Special Enrollment opportunity. Related insurance products offered by either company may be medically underwritten—see the product brochures and applications.
Coverage limits: Some health insurance policies only pay for health care up to a certain dollar amount. The insured person may be expected to pay any charges in excess of the health plan's maximum payment for a specific service. In addition, some insurance company schemes have annual or lifetime coverage maxima. In these cases, the health plan will stop payment when they reach the benefit maximum, and the policy-holder must pay all remaining costs.
Personal health depends partially on the active, passive, and assisted cues people observe and adopt about their own health. These include personal actions for preventing or minimizing the effects of a disease, usually a chronic condition, through integrative care. They also include personal hygiene practices to prevent infection and illness, such as bathing and washing hands with soap; brushing and flossing teeth; storing, preparing and handling food safely; and many others. The information gleaned from personal observations of daily living – such as about sleep patterns, exercise behavior, nutritional intake and environmental features – may be used to inform personal decisions and actions (e.g., "I feel tired in the morning so I am going to try sleeping on a different pillow"), as well as clinical decisions and treatment plans (e.g., a patient who notices his or her shoes are tighter than usual may be having exacerbation of left-sided heart failure, and may require diuretic medication to reduce fluid overload).[56]
sql server 2008 - Landed as BI, but databases are a big WTF, what to do? - Database Administrators Stack Exchange
Dust pollution in stone crusher units in anD arounD Balasore, orissa .the study area is in and around Balasore town where several stone crusher units are running without following cpcB (central pollution control Board, india).changsha stone crusher unit,changsha stone crusher unit,Dust pollution in stone crusher units in and around Balasore, Orissa .The study area is in and around Balasore town where several stone crusher units are running without following CPC B (Central Pollution Control Board, India).
Stone Crushing Industry engaged in producing crushed stones which is the basic . Stone crushing units are not stand alone crushing units, but stone mining is.
The Comprehensive Industry Document on Stone Crushers is latest among . Control Boards, the Stone Crushing Units and their Association during the Study is.
the study area is in and around Balasore town where several stone crusher units are running without following cpcB (central pollution control Board, india).
The study area is in and around Balasore town where several stone crusher units are running without following CPC B (Central Pollution Control Board, India).
We say that a child has muscular dystrophy but in actual fact it is an umbrella term for many different diseases. The muscular dystrophies (MD) are a group of more than 30 genetic diseases characterized by progressive weakness and degeneration of the skeletal muscles that control movement. Some forms of MD are seen in infancy or childhood, while others may not appear until middle age or later. The disorders differ in terms of the distribution and extent of muscle weakness, age of onset, rate of progression, and pattern of inheritance.
There is currently no specific treatment to stop or reverse any form of MD. Treatment may include physical therapy, respiratory therapy, speech therapy, orthopaedic appliances used for support, and corrective orthopaedic surgery. Drug therapy includes corticosteroids to slow muscle degeneration, anticonvulsants to control seizures and some muscle activity, immunosuppressant’s to delay some damage to dying muscle cells, and antibiotics to fight respiratory infections. Some individuals may benefit from occupational therapy and assistive technology. Some patients may need assisted ventilation to treat respiratory muscle weakness and a pacemaker for cardiac abnormalities.
The prognosis for people with MD varies according to the type and progression of the disorder. Some cases may be mild and progress very slowly over a normal lifespan, while others produce severe muscle weakness, functional disability, and loss of the ability to walk. Some children with MD die in infancy while others live into adulthood with only moderate disability.
There has been a noted increase in the number of cases of measles in recent years, this is thought to be as a result of parents deciding not to have their child immunised due to the controversy over the MMR vaccine.
Measles is caused by a virus that is spread by droplets. The virus is passed on through direct contact with someone who's infected, for example by touching or kissing them, or through breathing in contaminated air. It's fairly easy to catch if you haven't been vaccinated and come into contact with someone who has the infection, which is why epidemics often occurred among school children.
The infectious period is from four days before the rash to four days after it's appeared. Unfortunately, it's most infectious before the rash appears so people tend to spread the virus before they realise they have it, it is best to inform anyone who has been in contact with the child in this period that they have measles, as people of any age can get it.
It's most common among those aged between one and four, all children who have not been vaccinated are at risk from measles, and those who have problems with their immune system may have a more severe case of measles.
The symptoms take about ten to 14 days to develop after exposure to the virus, the early symptoms are like a cold, with runny nose, cough, conjunctivitis and fever, a few of days later, tiny white spots surrounded by red may develop on the inside lining of the cheeks, so they are difficult to see. The measles rash appears a day or two later, starting behind the ears or on the face and spreading down across the body.
It's a fine red rash which becomes blotchy and confluent, it fades after three to four days and should be completely gone after a week or so.
The infection isn't usually serious but there are potential complications that can be fatal, even for otherwise healthy children. These are rare but include otitis media, pneumonia, hepatitis, conjunctivitis and encephalitis (inflammation of the brain). Encephalitis or inflammation of the brain may develop a few days after the rash has appeared, and a quarter of those who get this complication will be left with brain damage and a devastating but extremely rare illness called sub acute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPE). This progressive illness may develop many years after the first bout of measles and is eventually fatal. Fortunately, it's very rare, occurring in fewer than one in 100,000 cases.
It is important to see your doctor to confirm the diagnosis as although rare, complications can be very dangerous. In most cases children may be treated at home with pain and fever-reducing syrups such as Calpol, always check it is the right product for your child age and they should be encouraged to drink fluids. Very rarely hospital treatment, with antiviral drugs, may be needed in more serious cases.
Heat rash takes the form of tiny blisters which appear in newborn babies. It's often caused by the sweat glands which are not fully developed in babies, and can become blocked if the baby is too hot. This is why heat rash is commonly seen in newborn babies during summer. It may also appear during a fever, or simply when a baby has been overdressed.
It takes the form of pinkish blebs or small blisters which usually appear over the face, neck and in skin folds, especially in the nappy area. If infected, they may become pus-filled, and you should seek medical advice.
You can help by giving your child a luke warm bath, dressing them in light cotton clothing. The rash should disappear in two to three days. If your baby is scratching the spots, speak to your doctor or child health nurse about which creams may help.
the spots become inflamed or pus-filled (yellow or green). This means that they have become infected, and need treatment
Remember the nit nurse, thankfully those days of ritual humiliation and terror are gone but the down side is that if your child has head lice it may take a while before they notice, its a good idea to check every time you wash their hair those little buggers can arrive at any time.
Head lice often called nits unsurprisingly given the name like to live on heads, they are extremely common in children, often first noticed due to the presence of eggs in the child’s hair. they are spread from person to person by close contact, despite close attention to hygiene, the adult then lays egg in the next person’s hair which usually takes about a week to hatch, and the cycle begins again.
The first sign of head lice is usually itching the head, especially the nape of the neck and behind the ears. If you look closely at your child’s hair, you will see many small, white, oval-shaped eggs firmly attached to the root of the hair shaft, close to the scalp. The further away from the scalp, the longer the nit has been there (hair grows at the rate of 0.3 mm a day). The adult insects themselves move very quickly and are difficult to see unless you part the hair very quickly and you see one jump. There is no need to chase them, the fact that there are eggs are good enough evidence of their presence.
There are many different types of Anti-lice shampoos that are available from the chemist without a prescription, they are simple to use and effective. If you do choose to use them then do so strictly according to instructions.
For a more natural cure try hair conditioner. Apply a very generous amount of conditioner to dampened hair, and rub into the scalp and along the hair shafts. Leave on for at least 15 minutes. You may place a shower cap over your child’s head while you are waiting. The action of the conditioner is to suffocate the lice, which then release their claws from the hair shaft or scalp. A fine-toothed lice comb can then be used to comb out the conditioner. Use a tissue or tap water in the sink to rinse the comb between strokes. You will often see lice bodies that you have combed out. It is said that this treatment needs to be repeated every 2-3 days for two weeks, but it is very effective. Remember that there is no need to shave or cut your child’s hair, the little lice have no preference as to length and for that matter age.
Lice are highly contagious, and can spread rapidly between families and between children in the same class. If you find lice in you child’s head check the whole family, and even if you do not see any eggs or lice, it may well be worthwhile to treat all other family members just in case. It is important to let the child’s creche, nursery or school know that your child has lice.
Clean and vacuum your child’s room, as well as any areas in which they have been playing. Soak all brushes and combs in anti-lice shampoo for several hours to disinfect them. Wash all bedding, blankets and clothes in hot water. Any item that can't be washed should be sealed in plastic bags for two to three weeks in order to kill the eggs. If your child is itching excessively and it interrupts their sleep or if sores develop on the scalp, and weep or spread then you need to see a doctor.
the first thing to know about eczema is that it is a common condition in childhood it affects a fifth of the children in the UK, the good news on this statistic is that 75 % of those children grow out of it by puberty.
It is thought that eczema has a genetic basis and tends to run in families. It is often associated with other conditions such as asthma or hay fever. Children with eczema have dry, sensitive skin which is easily irritated by certain chemicals (such as soaps or bubble bath solution) and by contact with woollen or polyester garments. In some children and adults for that matter, diet seems to play a role in eczema, although it is often very difficult to find the offending food. Eczema is not contagious.
It is characterised by a very itchy, red rash, usually present in patches on the elbow creases and behind the knees, although it may occur on the face, neck, hands and feet almost anywhere.
In babies it usually starts with the cheeks then moves to the wrists,ankles, folds behind the knees and on the inside of elbows. The rash may develop cracks and weep or bleed, especially when the child scratches excessively because of the itch. the scratching can cause the area to get infected by bacteria, which enter the skin via the cracks. In between attacks of eczema, the skin looks thickened and dry. Eczema usually begins at some time during the childhood, often in the first few months of life. The main truiggers seem to be soap which dries the skin, dust mites and occasionally foods such as dairy, eggs and fish.
Eczema cannot be cured. The key it living with the condition is to try to prevent severe flare-ups, the way to do that is to treat symptoms as soon as they appear. Eczema is worsened when the skin is dry, so oils and moisturising creams applied directly to the skin are helpful, as is the use of bath oils, all these things help to prevent the skin from becoming dry but be careful to only use products which are specially formulated to help with the condition or some non perfume products such as aqueous creams as perfumed products can aggravate the condition.
If your child is scratching at the rash, try putting cotton mittens on their hands at night, cut nails short and keep them clean. If their scratching becomes constant, see your doctor equally if the rash becomes infected, your doctor will probably recommend a short course of antibiotics.
If the eczema is servere your G.P. may prescribe steroid creams to help but always read the instructions very carefully and use as instructed, as this type of cream can lead to thinning of the skin.
Try to dress your child in cotton clothes and more spercifically underwear as they are more comfortable for your child than woollens or synthetics, keep the child cool, as overheating can make the itch worse also avoid very hot baths or showers are also aggravating. Use creams after your childs bath to keep the skin supply and prevent it from drying. It maybe worth looking into food intolerances to see if the out breaks are linked to a food allergy
Ear infections are one of the most common illnesses in babies and young children. Most ear infections are middle ear infection, young children are more prone to these types of infections, because the tubes which connect the throat to the middle ear are softer and shorter. This means that germs can reach the middle ear more easily than in older children, whose tubes are longer and more vertical. In younger children the tubes are prone to getting blocked, so that there is less ventilation into the middle ear space.
Although they may cause fever and pain in the short-term, they usually get better with treatment and there are no long-term consequences.
Some children do have recurrent ear infections, for reasons that are still not clear, and these may lead to a condition known as ‘glue ear’ and can result in hearing loss. ‘Glue ear’ is the term used to describe the presence of thick, glue-like secretions in the middle ear. These are sometimes the consequence of repeated ear infections. Glue ear, very often affects the child’s hearing, which in turn may have an impact on the child’s speech development.
Ear infections in young children need to be seen promptly by a doctor and followed up to make sure that they don’t keep coming back.
The symptoms experienced depends on the age of the child, symptoms may include fever, irritability or drowsiness, loss of appetite, nausea or vomiting and sometimes diarrhoea, and headache. Younger children may tug their ear, or poke their finger inside. While sometimes ear infections are ‘silent’ and do not cause any specific symptoms, usually your child will complain of earache, or of a feeling of fullness or pressure in the ear. Babies may cry a lot and pull at the affected ear, especially at night when lying down. Some children may suffer severe and intense pain in their ear. Ear infections can cause a temporary decrease in hearing, so that some children may have noticeable partial deafness during ear infections. Occasionally the eardrum may rupture (perforated eardrum), with a thick and sometimes bloody discharge. This creates some relief of the pressure that has built up in the ear as a result of the infection, and eases the pain, do not panic the burst eardrum usually heals naturally.
When an ear infection is diagnosed antibiotics are usually only given to babies and children who are very unwell, as symptoms of a middle ear infection usually get better without intervention within 24 hours. if you child is diagnosed with an ear infection an is prescribed antibiotics, even if the symptoms have improved always make sure that the child finishes the whole course of treatment, as stopping too soon could make the infection come back.
Your G.P. may tell you to give your child infant painkillers such as Calpol to help with the pain and bring down any fever
Many children who have recurrent ear infections, or a chronic infection (glue ear), may require the insertion of ventilating tubes (grommets) into the eardrum. This prevents fluid from building up behind the drum, and helps to preserve hearing. This is a very common procedure in childhood, and usually your child can be a day patient. Grommets usually fall out after 6-12 months, although sometimes special tubes are inserted which will stay in longer. Unfortunately in some children, grommets may need to be reinserted again if infections recur.
The information contained on this site is for educational purposes only and is not meant for diagnosis or treatment. Any information found on this site should be discussed with a health care professional. Use of this information should be done in accordance with the health care plan outlined by your health care professional. For specific professional or medical advice, diagnosis, and treatment, consult your doctor or health care professional.
Can we get any kind of support from your Ministry to increase our income or self employment opportunities ?
Yes. Sri Lanka Women's Bureau provides, micro credits, Technical and Skill development training, entrepreneurial development training.
The Ministry implements scholarship programme for children of poor families. Applications could be obtained from Child Rights promotion Officer of your Divisional Secretariat Division.
To Contact the NCPA immediately on toll free child help line 1929 which is open for 24 hours. Also you can contact the Police Bureau for Prevention of Abuse for children and Women on Tel. No.0112826444 or Complaint Center of national Committee on Women on Tel.011 2827002.
The mission of the Chili Historical Society is to educate and encourage interest in our regional history, with an emphasis on Chili, NY.
Streeter's Inn is open free to the public during programs and each Sunday in July & August from 2-4 pm
The Chili Historical Society is an all-volunteer organization. We require your help! Training is available and no prior experience is required. Contact Carole Thoms for more information.
Author: Jing Zhang Translantor: Jennifer Yuan Women’s Rights in China Director Jing Zhang was invited to give a speech at the conference “The Prospects for Democratization in China” organized by The China Democracy Forum, New York University (NYU)…
Source: WRIC Translation: Xu, Wen Oct 18, 2016 Washington DC On October 17, 2016, Zhuang Liehong, former Wukan Village Autonomy Committee Member, and Yao Cheng, Mainland Project Leader of Women’s Rights in China (WRIC) came to Washington DC seeking attentions…
Source： UN Philip Alston, the UN Special Rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, released a statement today in Beijing saying that while China’s achievements in alleviating extreme poverty in recent years have been “extraordinary,” that progress has been accompanied by “very high levels of inequality,” a “very weak . . . legislative framework…
May 24,2016 My name is Su Yutong. I am a journalist and activist based in Germany. In June, 2010, after I made public the personal diary of former Chinese Premier Li Peng, my house was ransacked by the police and I was forced to leave China. In August that year, I became a journalist…
Article by WRIC Volunteer: Li Hui Editor’s note: The Birth Planning Policy has been implemented for 30 years and has caused human tragedies unseen in history. Those hundred million newborn and stillborn innocent souls killed by this national policy cannot be forgotten. Among these souls are those that would have been grateful for being…
Photos by ERIC Li YuanlongTranslator by Sandra Lam Even in late September,’s temperature could rise to more than 35 Celsius. Walking under the sun made one feel as if hair on fire. Sweat leaks out of one’s body like out of a leaking pipe. A city dweller might have dreamed of staying indoors…
Reported by the representative of Women’s Rights in China, Yao Cheng ( http://www.wrchina.org/archives/5316 ) Translater by Cai Shiwen The “Exhibition of China’s National Terrorist Atrocities” started from May 14th 2016 successfully completed its tour of America on June 10th. This remarkable project was sponsored by Los Angeles Chinese Democracy Platform, Democratic Party of China, Wei…
VOA Joyce Huang April 12, 2016 An emotional advertisement about “leftover women” in China, which has gone viral, has uncovered not only the society’s deep-rooted discrimination against single women, but also the Chinese government’s inaction in tackling gender inequity issues, analysts say. The four-minute-long document-style video, part…
Interview video by Germany’s ARD Women’s Rights in China(WRIC) volunteer Su, Changlan is showing a German reporter WRIC’s two programs that address the issues of child brides and missing / kidnapped children. In the video interviews with actually victims of these atrocities are shown. Later that year – 2014- Changlan was put in jail for…
Children are kidnapped easily from playgrounds, schools, and even outside of houses. Chinese traffickers snatch young girls and even babies from their parents and sell them illegally. In China, boys outnumber girls by 118:100 due to one-child policy. As a result of the one-child, girls were therefore often aborted or – hardly born –…
The title almost put me off but was hooked soon enough. Aside from the feisty old lady who rules her old farm house, it is about the Scottish clearances - and the exodus to NS and other parts of Canada. It is about an old lady notified by a man on a white horse she is about to be kicked out of her farmhouse. It is very poetic with rural images that last and has elements of Brian Moore's "Lonely passion of Judith Hearne" and Margaret Laurence's "The Stone Angel".
London-based, Canadian novelist and poet. Novel and poetry titles include: Taking The Stairs, The Insolent Boy, Creamsicle Stick Shivs and Scouts are Cancelled: The Annapolis Valley Poems(Insomniac Press, Toronto, Canada). Recently featured as one of twenty New Canadian poets in New American Writing (Oink! Press, CA. USA). Filmmaker behind 'the smalls...er whatever' a rock doc featuring Corb Lund of Corb Lund and the Hurtin Albertans. Born and raised in Annapolis Valley, Nova Scotia and 1983 Nova Scotia Intermediate Boys Provincial Pole Vault Champ.
Traicionera (Betrayer) is a song played by Jose Pastor Lopez, a tropical music singer from Barquisimeto, Venezuela. His work is appreciated here in Colombia where his songs were enjoyed by our parents.
As a Tribute, and after some attemps to create animated precolumbian characters I designed and built the following musical video:
Animation an rendering was developed in Lightwave 3D Version 6.5. Carlos Santa helped me with camera positions and movements. That was really helpful as my knowledge in this field is limited. Adobe premiere did its work on the edition and sound mixing.
Alexander Wang's Amelia slip-on flats covered in precious stones are simply dazzling. He has managed to create a shoe that is light and chic, but low-key and great with jeans.
Pool slides are the fashion world's number one obsession at the moment. Stella McCartney goes against the grain with this hybrid pair. Half-modern with a white sole and half-retro with a rope base? The result is summery and irresistible.
Slides by OFFICE Featuring a quirky stitched on watermelon and sequin embellished pineapple design on the strap, comfortable moulded footbed and flat sole. - PU upper - Synthetic sock - Textile lining - Synthetic sole
The 'Donna' high heel metallic mules by Malone Souliers are delightful to wear and be seen in. Featured in platinum, rose gold and silver metallic calf leather with contrasting black leather heel and piping detail.
adidas X Pharrell Williams Tennis Hu adidas and Pharrell Williams' collaborate again on another colourful collection. The Tennis silhouette has a sock-like fit with breathable mesh upper and finished with a grid-patterned EVA midsole, it also includes...
adidas Tubular Doom Sock The Tubular Doom Sock features a lightweight upper with sock like construction. The mixed material upper features breathable and flexible knit for an enhanced fit with back heel panel for support, rib contours appear in the...
adidas Alphabounce These running shoes feature a lightweight, breathable engineered mesh upper that provides a sock-like fit that adapts to your foot. The springy BOUNCE™ midsole delivers enhanced comfort and flexibility that kicks in with first...
This castaway, who discovers his name is Iota, washes up on an island paradise called Ahio, somewhere in an area known as the Pacific Triangle.
Iota learns sword fighting and other survival arts from the commander of Ahio, but he leans toward the kindly Father Rene, who can sate his curiosity: "My mind, it seemed, was hungry for Truth.
Abinadab assigned his two priest sons, Uzzah and Ahio, to supervise delivery of the Ark to Jerusalem.
Why Uzzah died: Uzzah is the patron saint of those who uncritically embrace technology without regard to the nature of The Holy
A provisional attempt has been made to identify this person; however, the material remains to be checked and edited, and the profile remains to be written.
Love Problem Solution in ludhiana We provide Solution of the biggest problem of our life, that is of Love. We tell you very efficient & perfect tantra & mantras to our clients to obtain your love, family, money, reputation and luck behind that is deserved to be always with them. Love Problem Solution in ludhiana is supplied to the methods of an easy or simple or is to fix problems related to love & marriage whenever possible because love marriage expert features a lot of experience to shut out your problems in respect of it difficulty. They offer astrology & Vashikaran services to help people in getting find out their true Love in their life. With a positive & Strong attitude to solve your problems & perfect knowledge in the field of Love astrology one can easily solve any type of Love problems. This Completeness will help you to get along very well with the general, Love, business, relationship, career, family and finances issues also. There are many people who also seek our blessing and insightful details like love back by Vashikaran, Lost love back who makes your life free of all the negative vibe to make your love fall in love with you.
Love Problem Solution in ludhiana Get marry with your Love partner for those People who seem to be depressed in love should be provided to get their desired love partner. Love can be of any form either attraction, intimate relationship, romance, and satisfaction from your partner. Love problems can't be described in a single word as they are the most tragic pain in this world when someone special leaves you. Astrology prediction are most important aspect in order to solve the problem of love or any other issue. As this is the best way, because any relationship is break due to the lack of attraction, Misunderstanding, Proper attention, they all are major cause of being separated from your partner. Astrology services like horoscope, Match Making is primary aspect for solving the problem of love, love marriage solution there are some other techniques that will help you regain your love. Love is a desired moment of our life and when one whom you love, but that is separating from then this situation becomes much more embarrassing for you. For such problems Our Services are best; call us to find all your Love problem solution if you are in ludhiana.
Love Problem Solution Baba Ji in ludhiana will take you out of all kinds of difficult situations to provide relief in your life. Love Problem Solution Baba Ji is well recognized name in the field of love problem solutions and he is ludhiana's best love vashikaran specialist astrologer. Love Problem Solution Baba Ji will assist you for your better future for love relations with Mind controlling, Vashikaran, Hypnotism & Vedic astrology etc. Relationships are beautiful part of our life & problems are bound to be happen in that. Relationship advice is probably every individual looks for. Everybody loves someone with whom wants to live his/her whole life. Love Problem Solution Baba Ji in ludhiana Love is never a destination its a journey that never ends, a beautiful journey and in this journey there are innumerable factors either positive or negative that make this complete. One of the factor is the problems that everyone encounter and many of the stories gets finished due to unsuccessful tackling of love problems. Love is a union of two persons & two pure hearts which are far away from any selfishness. On whom you can believe for anything more than yourself, for whom you can wait until the end of world, for whom you are ready to do everything that someone special is your love. But it is really hard to find a true love, If you get success to find a lover than also you have to face the obstacles in the form of caste, society, family issues etc.
Thus you need to consult someone specialist Love Problem Solution Baba Ji in ludhiana to solve your love problems & to regain your true love in your life. We can assure you that after using our services it will be almost negligible to loose your love. In other words we can say to you will get your love by solving all your problems relate to love life.
Riverbank Parent Teacher Club English Learner Advisory Committee (ELAC) School Uniforms When to Stay Home from School
Crew responded “quickly, efficiently” to nursing home crash - The Daily Gazette, 6/28/2018 Riverside County, California
Use the Personal Health Record (PHR) to organize and store important medical and healthcare-related information. Create folders for yourself, family members, or others you care for.
XENIA — Following the garbage truck crash at Greenewood Manor last week, county commissioners declared a state of emergency June 28 to initiate the nursing home’s repairs and thanked County Services employees who quickly responded to the scene.
The Rumpke truck struck a non-residential area of Greenewood Manor at 711 Dayton-Xenia Road the morning of June 21, leaving a hole in the side of the nursing home.
Reportedly, residents were not inside that area of the building, which houses staff offices. The driver was taken to Greene Memorial Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Commissioners voted at their regular meeting to designate the aftermath of the incident as an emergency in order to avoid the competitive bidding process and facilitate repairs more quickly.
The board also recognized County Services crews and Greenewood Manor employees for the way they handled the incident.
“I like to tell my guys — and they’ve probably all heard me say this — one of the interesting parts of your job is you never know what’s going to happen on any given day … Oh boy, we sure had that happen on Thursday,” Carl Geisler, director of County Services, said.
Geisler said County Administrator Brandon Huddleson and Risk Management Director Lisa Hale were on site when he showed up to the scene.
A structural engineer assessed the damage and drew up a plan to secure the structure of the building.
“Our guys went out, bought the materials and erected it in double-quick time and then stayed with the home basically all day. Once the truck was pulled out, they quickly and efficiently got up on the roof, installed the tarp to protect the structure as much as possible,” he said. “The guys just worked beautifully, worked double-time and did a great job and I think we can all be proud of them.”
“They all stepped up to the plate when this emergency occurred,” she said. “This is the spirit of Greene County … I can not tell you how proud I was to see you back us up in our hours of need. We know we have a two to four month road ahead of us but we’re going to get through this together.”
Riverside takes a buy-and-build approach, investing in companies that we believe display industry leadership, a history of profitability and clear expansion opportunities. We apply strategic and operational resources to foster growth, partnering with strong management teams to help companies achieve long-term success.
The Riverside Company is proud to mark 30 years of buying and building outstanding companies. In 30 years Riverside has completed over 520 transactions, and currently manages over $7 billion in assets. From 1 employee in 1988 to over 200 today across the globe, Riverside continues to lead and grow.
Riverside Credit Solutions (RCS), a member of The Riverside Company’s family of funds, provides flexible cash flow-based financing solutions to both private equity sponsored and non-sponsored companies in the smaller end of the middle market.
Our streamlined investment process from a single point of contact coupled with our industry focus and capital markets expertise drive efficient deal execution.
Riverside is the only global private equity firm focused exclusively on the smaller end of the middle market.
The Riverside Company has grown and adapted in countless ways since 1988, but one thing has remained the same: Small is all we do.
Through more than 300 investments, Riverside has honed our approach to sourcing what we believe are the best opportunities and driving growth, bringing unparalleled talent and resources to investing at the smaller end of the middle market. Riverside’s focus, experience and capabilities are all geared to create value.
Riverside Acceleration Capital partners with innovative enterprise software companies, providing capital to accelerate growth through sales investment, product evolution, and expansion into new markets.
We provide flexible capital that helps software companies accelerate into their next growth phase, a network and support to maintain a solid foundation for that growth, and follow-on equity capital to facilitate rapid expansion.
The Riverside Company is a global private equity firm focused on acquiring and investing in growing businesses valued at up to $400 million. Since its founding in 1988, Riverside has invested in more than 560 transactions. The firm’s international portfolio includes more than 80 companies.
Riverside Ornamental Supply Inc. - Steel, Flatbar, Square Tube, Round Tube, Pipe, Channel, Sheet Metal, Expanded Metal, Perforated Sheets, Structural Tube, Galvanized Tube, Angle, Solid Bar, Hammered Tube, Aluminum Casting's, Gate Hardware, Hinge's, Cutting Wheel's, Polishing Disc, Grinding Disc, Forged Steel, Forged Scroll's, Lock's, Gate Operators and Accessories, and much more...
Some payment processing corporations share their costs and costs on their Web sites. But most bank card processing providers stop working their expenses into quite a few key categories, so you might not get an all-inclusive estimate upfront.
Dharma Merchant Solutions promises to contain the "fairest pricing design within the marketplace." The company gives transparent pricing, no lengthy-expression contracts, no concealed service fees and Unique pricing for non-earnings settle for donations.
No cost quotes: By sending Specific Fork out a merchant assertion and filling out Another details, shoppers may get a cost-free quote that shows how Specific Shell out may preserve them income.
Gressel believes he gained on account of his flexibility and his manufacturing. He was utilized by manager Gerardo Martino in all three positions in central midfield and also striker, proper midfielder and appropriate wingback. ...
I don’t know if this is actually a saying, but Josh Pastner might intend to make a note of it: The easiest method to guard from a whistle-blower just isn't to provide a whistle.
Very best for: Tiny, medium and huge firms, the very low charges and versatile merchant accounts are great possibilities for all sorts of businesses.
Dharma Merchant Expert services gives payment atlanta clover register answers for retail locations, Digital outlets and nonprofit organizations. The corporate employs a transparent pricing product, plus the service fees and prices are disclosed on their own Site.
PCI compliance fees: Each and every merchant should satisfy the requirements with the Payment Card Sector (PCI). These specifications make certain that providers who process, keep or transmit charge card information sustain a protected atmosphere.
Bank card processing corporations enable all sorts and measurements of companies to boost their sales by accepting each credit score and debit card payments. For a web based enterprise, subscribing to some credit card processing organization is A necessary action to ensure clean transactions on your website.
You can find quite a few methods that you should serve The scholars at Passion 2018. For those who about the age of 25 and therefore are prepared to serve through the entire complete conference, we invite you to submit your Doorway Holder software nowadays!
Welcome to another day in my life. Today is Monday and I hope you had a very safe and great weekend. It was another busy weekend for Dab the AIDS Bear and me doing events in three different cities.
The last month of September was also a very busy time for us and today I would like to share a slide show featuring the last of the pictures taken during the last week in October 2012:
Hope you enjoyed the slide show. We would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our Ambassadors of Hope for all their hard work and help taking pictures with their Dab the AIDS Bears.
We would also like to thank everyone for showing Dab the AIDS Bear so much love and hospitality around the world. We are constantly touched by the love shown to us.
First-floor studio-drawing room with fireplace; Principal interiors from the Glasgow home of Charles Rennie Mackintosh and Margaret Macdonald Mackintosh (1864-1933). The couple lived at 78 Southpark Avenue (originally named ...
First-floor studio-drawing room (cropped detail); Principal interiors from the Glasgow home of Charles Rennie Mackintosh and Margaret Macdonald Mackintosh (1864-1933). The couple lived at 78 Southpark Avenue (originally ...
First-floor studio-drawing room, showing windows; Principal interiors from the Glasgow home of Charles Rennie Mackintosh and Margaret Macdonald Mackintosh (1864-1933). The couple lived at 78 Southpark Avenue (originally ...
Разработчик: Treyarch Издатель: Новый Диск / Activision Publishing Язык: русский (аудио и текст) Жанр: экшн / шутер Дата выхода: 13 ноября 2012 г. Регион: Россия, СНГ Включает: * Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 * Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 - Multiplayer * Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 – Zombies Успейте погрузиться в невероятные боевые действия, которые просто поразят вас множеством возможностей! Только вы можете погрузиться в игровой процесс настолько, что забудете о всех своих бедах и реальности, лишь решившись купить ключ Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 прямо сейчас! Мир этой игры перенесет вас в недалекое будущее, где начинается конфликт между двумя мировыми державами, лежащих через океан. Война, которая будоражит разумы людей. Война между Китаем и США! Вы попадаете в 2025 год, в котором Китай атаковал США ради захвата полезных ископаемых для невероятных новых технологий, но и еще сами технологии! Не пропустите этот мировой конфликт и примите участие, успев купить Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 у нас! Ваша роль переносится за уже известного персонажа Френка Вудса, который уже попадался вам в первой части игры. Вы так же успеете побывать в прошлом, вернее в 1980-ых годах, разумеется, в рамках флеш-бэков. В прошлом вы будете в роли персонажа Алекса Мейсона, с новыми задачами и миссиями. Познакомьтесь так же с новой техникой в виде самолетов с вертикальным взлетом, стэлсом и не только! Не ограничивайтесь привычным видением, ведь есть и футуристическая техника в виде шагающих и летающих дронов. Придите к победе! Кратко, преимущества: * Мультиплеер * Две разные эпохи * Различный транспорт 80-ых годов и футуризма * Переплетение двух сюжетных линий * Одиночная кампания богатая сюжетом * Динамические бои
Following your adventures in Quicksand Castle, you'll appear in the town of Liberte in control of the princess. You'll be in a small building with your traveling companion, but you can strike out on your own as the sole party member. Head down the hill to your lower right and you'll find the Adventurer character, camped in front of the entrance to the inn. Save with him if you like.
Your first order of business in town should be to head up some stairs leading toward the background from the building where you first appear within the town. There, you can talk to a boy and head down some stairs to his left to a lower room, where the screen's perspective mostly hides a chest. Open that chest to obtain the Giant's Ring item.
Elsewhere in town, to the right from that same building where you first appear in the new setting, you can purchase items from the Item Shop. It's an all-purpose shop with a variety of wares, including Rainbow Boots that cost 5000G but allow you to walk on rainbows. How exciting! There's also the Confuse Cape, which increases your defense against confusion magic, or you can invest in Tranquilizer items that clog your inventory but offer protection from that particular status element. While you're in the shop, make sure that you talk to the guy seated behind the left desk (he's easy to miss) and purchase the valuable protective gear that he offers. He sells both the Ice Shield and the Black Robe and you'll likely want to equip both heroes with both of those items.
You can also head to the north side of the town to visit the castle (there's a Potion in the king's throne room, behind some brush just ahead of his throne and to the right). The southern side of the town, meanwhile, has a partially submerged walkway that you can cross to reach more buildings (including a second Inn and another meeting with the Adventurer character if you're interested in saving your progress). The townsfolk will tell you about a whirlpool that appears at night, and they'll also talk of pirates who are at odds with the town. Those are clues about the next actions that you should take.
After hearing all of the word on pirates, head back and find your traveling companion (still lying in bed) and insist that he come along with you. Without him in your party, you won't easily get far. Once he's back with you, it's time to get to work.
Leave town and head out into the brave world beyond. Your first destination should be the Pirate Hideout to the southeast, though first you should spend some time leveling up your characters and gear (the Metal Flan enemy that appears occasionally is great for this, though at first the slime enemies that sometimes appear can mop the floor with you; work carefully when dealing with the latter, and consider running if possible until you get stronger).
There are 60 Spirit Gems in total, 20 for each type. While not required to beat the game, there's good reason to collect the gems (aside from personal satisfaction, that is). For every 10 of each kind you gather, you get to "upgrade" the spirit, which unlocks the spirit's true abilities, letting you essentially borrow its powers. You can borrow the powers of only one spirit at a time, but you can switch between them at will via the Collections menu. The currently equipped fairy shows up as the pointer for your stylus.
Bring the collected Spirit Gems to Spirit Island, located towards the south edge on the western side of the Southwestern Sea. It's in-between the tiny isles that make out a small triangle. You won't see it on your map at first, but it will be recorded there after initial discovery.
7 In a secret cavern on Mercay Island. You must have Bombs to blow open this secret cavern on the way to the Temple of the Ocean King.
13 Isle of Frost, on a ledge in the Great Ice Field. You must first acquire the Grappling Hook to reach this ledge.
16 Isle of Ruins, in the northeast corner of the maze. Must first lower the water level to access this maze.
15 Temple of the Ocean King, B1. Create a tightrope with Hook between two pegs and shoot the eye crest.
7 Temple of Ice, 3F. Dump a Bomb on the orb to lower some blue blocks guarding the chest on the west side.
16 Molida Island, in an underground cavern. After getting the Sun Key and accessing the northern part of the island, dig the darkened pile of leaves.
18 Isle of Ruins, in a cave a little southeast of Bremeur's pyramid near some Miniblins. Must lower water level first.
Join amoung thousands absolute dating techniques geology single Indian girls dating Indian men. Ladyboy Dating Agency is one of the best 100 completely free Ladyboy dating sites. Join to browse Tranny, TGirl, Transgender, Transexual TS, Shemale sex dating. Over dating hoboken last several decades, the American public has grown increasingly accepting of interracial dating and marriage.
This shift in opinion has been driven both by. Unusual breath odors are common in kids. Typically there isn't anything to phim dating agency cyrano 2013 about, but there are some breath odors that indicate phim dating agency cyrano 2013 underlying problem. Asian dating for Asian amp; Asian American singles in North America and more. We have successfully connected many Asian singles in the … Movie: SpeakerContext; 10 Things I Hate About You: In this modern Shakespeare adaptation (another?), Kat (Julia Stiles) waxes poetic about beloved boyfriend, a boy.
Vintage beaded and dating social websites bags (purses)offered for sale by Tri-State Antique Center Thinking of heading to Dallas, Texas. Here are 10 things to kardashian dating rapper before you go. Here's a list of annoying girlfriend habits that piss all boyfriends off.
Avoid these, and your man will feel a lot better about the relationship. chinalovelink. com is the one of the top online dating websites and it is free. You can find Chinese women, Chinese wife,Chinese brides on this dating site. CHILDREN as young as 12 are phim dating agency cyrano 2013 being sold for sex in one of Scotlands most deprived areas, it has been claimed. Locals in the Govanhill area of Glasgow told. Sep 28, 2012nbsp;0183;32;AnastasiaDate: What to do on Your First Date.
Russian Dating Advice with Daria German. Sorry for the delay folks - I think one more chapter should do it for these two characters. I am trying to work on a spin-off for Lili and Max and a phim dating agency cyrano 2013 of. Online collection of resource material and links intended to inform about deaf communities and resources in the U.
and Japan. All you need is a deck of cards for this anatomy of a hook up couples activity. A sexy card game is a simple (but HOT) way to spice up the bedroom.
Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel more like meat markets than places to find true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel to it. In my phjm as a counselor for children of divorce, my focus is the children. The question about agenccy arises in every session of Co-parenting Through Your Divorce. Our sex dating service will help you find a date almost instantly.
Come online and get in touch with Indian singles that are searching for new phim dating agency cyrano 2013 casual relationship. The Beau and I often debate jokingly over email greetings and salutations. When we were first dating he would email me using Regards as his agendy. Common Law Ontario The definition of what is common law in Ontario depends on what legal right is at datinh. Each Ontario statute defines common law differently, so. Whereifoundlove. com Online Dating Free.
Whereifoundlove. com is the number one free online dating car site. The only dating site where you can share high quality videos. Rich Women Looking For Poor Men on the Cyramo are increasingly popular. They use the Internet Dating Sites to find such guys. Rich women seeking poor men who are. Android Authority newsletter.
The best phi, to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains. Make new simply fish dating site and meet datinng online FREE Messaging FREE Chat Rooms. Find new friends Phim dating agency cyrano 2013 friends Watch the dating guy free online friends and penpals from Inverness, one way in April.
Over 50 seats as at 0812. Search more cheap flights to Bristol from other airports at our travel guide pages. SKOUT is the developer of a location-based social networking starting a dating coach business dating application and website. SKOUT was one of the first dating and mobile people discovery.
Twitter ( ˈ t w ɪ t ər ) is an online news and social networking service where phim dating agency cyrano 2013 post and interact with phim dating agency cyrano 2013, called quot;tweets. aency These messages were. Chat rooms for singles aren't as prevalent as they used to be. Now, people tend to use social datong and online matchmaking websites where you can meet friends of.
Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Asahi Shimbun is widely regarded for its journalism as the most respected daily newspaper in Japan. The English version offers selected articles from. Derp is an expression sometimes used online to signify stupidity, much like the earlier forms of duh and dur. The phim dating agency cyrano 2013 place where you'll find out the specific pattern. women follow before divorcing their husbands phim dating agency cyrano 2013 researching women's sexuality for more than ten years.
Can't get the best suitors in the online dating world. Maybe you need to re-work your profile headline. Go for some funniest headlines for a change.
Unlike other dating sites, InterracialDatingCentral is a specialist interracial dating site dedicated to. Find your perfect accommodation choice in Southport with Stayz. The best prices, the biggest range - all from Australia's leader in holiday rentals. Carbon (from Latin: carbo quot;coalquot;) is a chemical element with symbol C and atomic number 6. It is nonmetallic and tetravalent-making four electrons available to form. Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Mar 18, 2010nbsp;0183;32;quot;We all make mistakes. quot; Nowhere is the clich233; more apt than when it comes to relationships. As a dating coach I've been privileged to help other women. Totally FREE Christian dating site. Always free Christian single services, single Christian personals sites marriage introduction service personal ads matchmaker. Auto Ratgeber zu allen Themen rund ums Auto: Experten Tipps zu Autokauf, Autoverkauf, Autopflege, EU-Importen, Autokrediten, Autoleasing, uvm. Why staten island escorts service can operate without sex contract. The Village Voice is down below assault for its labeled marketing assistance Backpage. com, which. Apr 09, 2014nbsp;0183;32;When I was online dating, I filtered single dads out of my searches. There was no way I'd ever get involved with a man … The latest news in entertainment, pop culture, celebrity gossip, movies, music, books and tv reviews. Find latest news coverage of breaking news events, trending topics, and compelling articles, photos and videos of US and international news stories. Want justice. Report any scam, fraud, complaint or review on any type of company, individual, service or product here. The Ripoff Report allows you a central place. GayThailand. com is your information source for gay Thailand, gay Asia, gay Pattaya, gay Chiang Mai, Gay Phuket, gay Bangkok and the gay scene in Thailand. Dinner dates for singles in Atlanta. Our unique dating services include weekly dinner and lunch dates with 8 compatible singles. Edit Article wiki How to Date Without Your Parents Knowing. Four Parts: Questioning your decision to date without permission Making things seem like normal Dealing. There's a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process. Black Sexual Dating is the best Black sex dating site to join and browse personals of singles for ebony sex adult dating with sexy Black girls, dota 2 matchmaking leaderboards and men near you. Planet Earth Singles: Dating phim dating agency cyrano 2013 Green Singles, Vegan Singles, Vegetarian Phim dating agency cyrano 2013. Meet phmi eco-conscious match vyrano. Best dating site. Writing a agwncy first email message is phim dating agency cyrano 2013 to success or failure in your 22013 life. Learn phlm to write a better first pgim in info dating sites dating. When Jordan Fisher and Lindsay Arnold arent slaying their routines on Dancing With the Stars every week, they are spending time with their significant others, both. Last month, internet service provider Cox began charging residential customers in Arizona, Louisiana, Nevada, and Oklahoma an extra 10 … Popular cyrani boards for PS2, Datinb, GameCube, GBA, Wales dating site phim dating agency cyrano 2013, cheats, codes, walkthroughs and older platforms. Your agencg online shop for new and vintage RPG products from the top publishers, delivered fresh to your desktop in electronic format. The founder of the Sikh faith, Guru Cyfano, is believed to have visited the Katas Raj Temples, as the site became a popular destination for ascetics. The Sikh emperor. Free Online Dating Site real dating games WeDateFree. Beautiful phim dating agency cyrano 2013 women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Romance Matchmaking cs go rates Programs. Affiliate2day (25 commissions, 8 asian dating sites in usa lead offer) David Wygant Dating Coach (50 commissions with recurring income on products) This gorgeous sexy granny goes by the name of Dating sites for truthers, and she cherry online dating site that a lot of women mature very well. dxting super sexy cytano year daitng granny has phim dating agency cyrano 2013 many photo phim dating agency cyrano 2013. Sep daying, phim dating agency cyrano 2013 Best Friend's Husband : 22013 true, personal story cyano the experience, I Cheated On My Husband. I phin never written a story for this or any other site cyrnao. Best Mobile Phim dating agency cyrano 2013 Developers in South Africa, Johannesburg (JHB - RSA). The best Datiing Application Development company in Africa. Voted best Mobile App 100 free dating sites leeds. ios. Agenccy Dating mit sch246;nen Thaifrauen Thaifrauen dating and lifestyle coach einige der phik Frauen der Welt. Wenn Sie ohim einmal in Thailand waren, dann wissen Sie das. OKC Accolades. OKC ranks high as veteran-friendly place sampark network online dating site live November 6, dating seite österreich kostenlos - WalletHub Among the 100 largest cities in the U.Ycrano ranked OKC as phim dating agency cyrano 2013. Image on Glass. Dating ambrotype photographs is agencg easy for genealogists. It is a cased image like the daguerreotype, but it was short-lived. According phim dating agency cyrano 2013 the Bible, God killed or authorized the killings of up to 25 million people. This is online dating worthwhile God of which Jesus was an integral part. In the latest issue of THR, former manager Jeff Wald -- who used to snort cocaine for breakfast -- recalls in harrowing detail his journey from highflying addict. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 The Parental Incest trope as used in popular culture. Something often depicted in media as much squickier than BrotherSister Incest, Twincest or … Check out these 10 commonly mispronounced words that make you look like a fool in front of your friends and family. One of the best Indian dating sites for Indian singles. Join amoung thousands of single Indian girls dating Indian men. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Nutabu Lena N Yoga Goddess ass blonde nudes small tits pics Name DescriptionFocus Registered users Alexa ranking Free Premium Supports same-sex connections Supports non-monogamous connections Messaging other users Norfolk, Virginia is home to largest naval station in the world, great museums, unique attractions and restaurants. Follow the three-eyed raven through Northern Ireland, where crumbling castles and ancient landscapes become key filming locations in HBO's epic Game of … 4. People. Paris is the most populated city in France. The last estimate (1997) claimed 2,152,000 inhabitants lived in Paris. However, there are about ten million. The following are characters who first appeared, or returned, in the BBC soap opera EastEnders during 2010 listed by order of first appearance. Executive producer. So how can you tell. To put it in terms of your questions: How do men show their love. There are all sorts of conventional images of men showing love through giving. Our experts have reviewed the top online dating sites for seniors. Senior Dating Sites 187; No matter how often you remind yourself not to take dating too personally, thats especially difficult when a new relationship you thought had real potential. Are you feeling lonely. Have you already given up on finding your other half. Take a look at these websites; they are going to make you think twice… or not.
Topics of learning Science for 7th and 8th graders . Grade 7 and Grade 8 - Middle School The sub-topics for this group is based on a book " Prentice Hall Science Explorer " by Pearson. http://www.phschool.com/webcodes10/index.cfm?wcprefix=chk&wcsuffix=1000&area=view
See the full episode at http://video.pbs.org/video/995224587 An inside look at a honeybee hive, including the labors of the queen, worker bees and drones, and ...
Welcome to the Kurt Wyman Memorial Beehive located at Cornell Cooperative Extension of Oneida County in Oriskany, N.Y. The beehive was donated by the ...
The Defense Department has a long-standing relationship with Hollywood. In fact, it’s been working with filmmakers for nearly 100 years with a goal that’s two-fold: to accurately depict military stories and make sure sensitive information isn’t disclosed.
“We take both of those roles very seriously,” said Army Lt. Col. Tim Hyde, the deputy director of the Los Angeles Office of the Chief of Public Affairs.
National Geographic cameramen get their shots while working on the documentary “Chain of Command.” Courtesy of National Geographic
Hyde’s office focuses on the Army, while each other branch of the armed forces, including the Coast Guard, has its own Hollywood liaison office. But they coordinate with each other, and projects are often doled out to various installations to best accommodate filmmakers’ needs.
“In our office, there’s only three of us,” Hyde said. “If there’s a topic dealing with tanks, I have no clue – none of us do. … So, we coordinate regularly with subject matter experts in the field that’s being depicted.”
Develyn Watson, the deputy director of the Air Force Entertainment Liaison Office, said that coordination can be one of the hardest parts of their job.
“Coordinating military assets and marrying them up with what a film company may need, at no cost to the government, requires considerable work, patience, and sometimes a sense of humor,” she said.
There will always be large-scale scripted projects, like the recent “12 Strong,” “The Long Road Home” and “15:17 to Paris,” or TV shows like “NCIS” and “Hawaii 5-0.” But there are also a lot of unscripted projects that require DoD attention, such as documentaries on the History and Discovery channels; game shows like “Jeopardy” and “The Price is Right” that often have military-themed episodes; and talk shows like Ellen, Steve Harvey and Conan.
An Army sergeant adjusts the uniform of an actor on set of “The Long Road Home.” Photo by Seth Reed, “The Long Road Home” production designer. Used by permission.
“If they request to have personnel or soldiers or people like that on their shows, we help coordinate that,” Hyde said. “Then you have shows like ‘Top Gear’ that want to focus on some of our equipment.”
Ever hear of the silent film “Wings”? Yeah … me either. Probably because it was made in 1927, the first year of the Academy Awards. The movie was about World War I fighter pilots, and the Army helped with its production. The film ended up winning best picture that year.
Toward the end of World War II, the Army finally set up an official Hollywood office that was part of the Signal Corps. Many soldiers were part of the film-making process, including Frank Capra, who directed “Prelude to War,” the official government film about the U.S. joining World War II.
“We had filmmakers who were active-duty in the Army, and that was there job – to make those films as part of the war effort,” Hyde said.
“Prelude to War” won the best documentary Oscar in 1942. Another major Army-approved project: the 1970 film “Patton,” which won seven Oscars, including best picture, best actor and best director.
“The Long Road Home” was filmed at Fort Hood, Texas, even though many of the scenes were set in Iraq. To recreate the scene, set designers built more than 100 buildings from scratch to look like a road in Sadr City.
Actor E.J. Bonilla portrays Army Lt. Shane Aguero as he leads a cast of soldiers on set of “The Long Road Home” at Fort Hood. Photo courtesy of National Geographic/Van Redin
With “15:17 to Paris,” Robins Air Force Base in Georgia was used for filming, but the movie depicts a character’s time at Joint Base San Antonio-Sam Houston, Texas. Set designers spent two weeks making Robins look like Sam Houston.
While Hollywood is paid to tell a compelling story that will make money, the DoD is looking to tell an accurate story. So naturally, there can be challenges in combining the two.
“There are compromises on both sides. There’s a point where we just have to say no – ‘It’s either going to happen like this, or it’s not going to happen at all,’” Hyde said, although he admitted it rarely comes to that. Production agreements require the DoD to be able to review a rough cut of a film, so officials can decide if there are areas that need to be addressed before a film is released.
“It’s all been a great experience that I never thought I would have while I was in the Army,” he said. “It’s so different and unique.”
“What works for one doesn’t necessarily work for the next one, and being able to adapt to the needs of the production and personalities of the production [is a challenge],” Hyde said.
“We want to make sure we’re doing right by the soldiers and the families involved. If we’re doing right by them, then in the end, to me, we’ve accomplished our mission,” Hyde said.
Disclaimer: The appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the Department of Defense of this website or the information, products or services contained therein. For other than authorized activities such as military exchanges and Morale, Welfare and Recreation sites, the Department of Defense does not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. Such links are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this DOD website.
Select Military Installation Aberdeen Proving Ground Altus AFB, OK Barksdale AFB, LA Beale AFB, CA Bethesda Naval Hospital, MD Bolling AFB, DC Camp Lejeune, NC Camp Pendleton, CA Camp Williams, UT Cape Canaveral AFS, FL Carlisle Barracks, PA Charleston AFB, SC Davis Monthan AFB, AZ Dover AFB, DE Dyess AFB TX Edwards AFB, CA Eglin AFB, FL Elmendorf AFB-Ft Richardson, AK Fort Riley, KS Fort Rucker, AL Ft Belvoir, VA Ft Benning, GA Ft Bliss, TX Ft Bragg, NC Ft Buchanan, PR Ft Campbell, KY Ft Carson, CO Ft Detrick, MD Ft Devens, MA Ft Drum, NY Ft Eustis, VA Ft Gordon, GA Ft Hamilton, NY Ft Hood, TX Ft Huachuca, AZ Ft Jackson, SC Ft Knox, KY Ft Leavenworth, KS Ft Lee, VA Ft Leonard Wood, MO Ft Lewis, WA Ft Meade, MD Ft Polk, LA Ft Sam Houston, TX Ft Sill, OK Ft Stewart, GA Goodfellow AFB, TX Hanscom AFB, MA Holloman AFB, NM Hurlburt Field AFB, FL JBMHH Ft Myer-Henderson Hall, VA Joint Base Andrews Naval-AFB, MD Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam AFB, HI Lackland AFB, TX Langley AFB, VA Laughlin AFB, TX Luke AFB, AZ MacDill AFB, FL MCAS Beaufort, SC MCAS Kaneohe Bay, HI MCAS Yuma, AZ MCB Quantico, VA McGuire AFB/Fort Dix/NAES Lakehurst MCRD Parris Island, SC NAS Corpus Christi, TX NAS Jacksonville, FL NAS JRB Fort Worth, TX NAS Key West, FL NAS Oceana, VA NAS Pensacola, FL NAS San Diego, CA NAS Whidbey Island, WA Naval Base Kitsap, WA Naval Base Ventura County, CA Naval Postgraduate School, Monterey, CA Naval Station Everett, WA Naval Weapons Station Charleston, SC Navy Medical Center Portsmouth, VA NCSS Panama City, FL Nellis AFB, NV NS Norfolk, VA Patrick AFB, FL Presidio of Monterey DLI Randolph AFB, TX Schofield Barracks, HI Scott AFB, IL Travis AFB, CA Tyndall AFB, FL U.S. Air Force Academy, CO U.S. Armed Forces Europe U.S. Military Academy, NY U.S. Naval Academy, MD USCG Air Station Barbers Point, HI USCG TRACEN Petaluma, CA Vandenberg AFB, CA Washington, DC Weapons Station Yorktown, VA Wright-Patterson AFB, OH Yuma Proving Ground, AZ
By continuing to use our website without changing the settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. More information >>>
Many thanks to all participants of the workshop in Han sur Lesse which took place from 16 to 18 November 2017. 70 managers, show cave operators and technicians from nearly 15 countries attended the workshop. The meeting wasceremoniously opened by the Cave Lighting organization team and by the Domain of the Caves of Han (Domaine des Grottes de Han). Brigitte Malou (General Manager of the Domain of the Caves of Han) welcomed the guests and explained the aims of the workshop as well as program and schedule.
The objective of the workshop was to inform on new illumination strategies for underground objects, show caves and mines under different aspects.The topic of the workshop, “A New Era of Illumination”, not only includes the reduction of energy costs through LED technology. It also implies the improvement of management strategies for show caves as well as a creative design of the object, especially since show caves are among the most popular tourist attractions.
Initially, the workshop focused on the informative and innovative exchange between show cave operators and managers. Alexander Chrapko (Proprietor of Cave Lighting) opened the conference with the presentation “A New Era of Cave Illumination”, demonstrating the completed project “Caves of Han” as a business model. The main focus here was on optimizing cave management through LED innovations, under economic, ecological and aesthetic aspects. An other presentation by Cave Lighting (Speaker Vladimir Vashkevich) focused on the specific characteristics of planning and installing the lighting systems in subterranean conditions. Coffee/cake breaks provided the opportunity for personal exchange of ideas and discussions.
Brigitte Malou gave a presentation on the history and the development of the “Caves of Han” (Grottes de Han) project. She especially thanked the Cave Lighting team for the positive results of the project and for rising visitor numbers. After that, Ewa Krywko (Manager of the Caves of Han) made the biggest and most beautiful show cave in Europe accessible to the participants. They couldget a personal idea of the cave and see with their own eyes why future oriented illumination creates so much enthusiasm and why investments in modern illumination technology are so important. Regarding the caves from the touristic perspective, the participants experienced them differently than before. The great thing was that the “wow” factor was there. An other project, the Caves of Remouchamps (Grottes de Remouchamps), also opened its doors for the workshop participants and presented the new lighting system installed by Cave Lighting (Project Manager Leonid Batiuzhenko). A very special experience for the visitors was the above waterlighting, which could be admiredon a boat trip through the caves.
We would also like to thank our partner company HB Laserkomponenten that provided a broad overview of creative scenographic solutions, especially for show caves, such as video mapping and 3D laser (Lutz Bartl). Brad Wuest (ISCA President) and Jean-Pierre Bartholeyns (UIS) explained a further important topic for show cave managers: intelligent and selected use of technologies in the natural world of show caves.
On the whole,the atmosphere was relaxed and comfortable both during the workshop it self and in the evenings. On the last day the participants had the opportunity to visit two further show caves, Cave of Hottonand Cave of Lorette.
Our personal thanks go primarily to Brigitte Malou and the entire team of the Domain of the Caves of Han (Domaine des Grottes de Han): Ewa Krywko, Guy Evrard and Ari Lannoy, who helped us to organize the workshop (delicious meals, nice service, organization of transport, unforgettable excursions through the wildlife park and guided tours through the show caves).
You can unshare your metric at any time. Move the cursor over the metric, click on a sharing icon and a sharing options will be displayed with a list of your shares. Each recipient on the list has a ON/OFF switch. Unshare it by switching OFF. You can turn it back ON at any time. You can also remove this person from your sharing list by...
The Purchasing and Supply Chain Management Training Program will introduce you to the fundamental aspects of the supply chain environmen...
We can be booked for pubs, festivals, days of dance, corporate functions, private bookings and many other events.
We take bookings for all types of events. If you would like to request a date please contact the Bagman:
If you would like to request any further information regarding the side or morris, please contact the Squire:
If you have ever tried printing a webpage before, you know that just getting the part that you want can be frustrating. The printer just keeps spewing page after page of ads, sidebar menus, and discussion comments.
Print Selection helps you print out exactly what you want without all the frustration. Simply select the content that you want to print from the app that you are working with, such as Safari and let Print Selection send the content to your printer.
I get frustrated by sites that do not provide print optimized information... definitely a go-to utility for me.
This little app is a life saver. I just wish Apple would build something like this into OS X. Until then this is the way to go.
Print Selection is super easy to use. Just select your content, right click, and choose Services > Print Selection.
Print Selection offers an easy switch to use grayscale so you can save expensive color ink cartridges for the truly important documents and images.
Apple, MacBook Pro, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Prior to TEC, Doris was the Controller for Goodwill Industries, Orange County and Business Manager for Legacy Engineering, LLC. Doris has extensive experience in financial and accounting management, as well as operational review, planning and implementation. She holds a Bachelors of Science in Accounting from University of Phoenix and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA).
Sacred geometry is geometry used in the design of sacred architecture and sacred art. The basic belief is that geometry and mathematical ratios, harmonics and proportion are also found in music, light, cosmology. This value system is seen as widespread even in prehistory, a cultural universal of the human condition. It is considered foundational to building sacred structures such as temples, mosques, megaliths, monuments and churches; sacred spaces such as altars, temenoi and tabernacles; meeting places such as sacred groves, village greens and holy wells and the creation of religious art, iconography and using "divine" proportions. Alternatively, sacred geometry based arts may be ephemeral, such as visualization, sandpainting and medicine wheels.
Sacred geometry may be understood as a worldview of pattern recognition, a complex system of religious symbols and structures involving space, time and form. According to this belief the basic patterns of existence are perceived as sacred. By connecting with these, a believer contemplates the Mysterium Magnum, and the Great Design. By studying the nature of these patterns, forms and relationships and their connections, insight may be gained into the mysteries the laws and lore of the Universe.
Many forms observed in nature can be related to geometry (for sound reasons of resource optimization). For example, the chambered nautilus grows at a constant rate and so its shell forms a logarithmic spiral to accommodate that growth without changing shape. Also, honeybees construct hexagonal cells to hold their honey. These and other correspondences are seen by believers in sacred geometry to be further proof of the cosmic significance of geometric forms. But some scientists see such phenomena as the logical outcome of natural principles.
The golden ratio, geometric ratios, and geometric figures were often employed in the design of Egyptian, ancient Indian, Greek and Roman architecture. Medieval European cathedrals also incorporated symbolic geometry. Indian and Himalayan spiritual communities often constructed temples and fortifications on design plans of mandala and yantra. For examples of sacred geometry in art and architecture refer:
Fractals are Energy of Passion moving through me. They are the Universe in me who paints the colors of the other side of the veil. They are the Dance of my Soul and dancing of my feet.
Allow them to enter into you and expand you. Allow them to balance you. Follow them to your Source and to You.
''Well, fractal geometry, sacred geometry, numerology, numbers themselves and what we would call more universal mathematics are incredible ways of understanding how energy flows and how it responds to consciousness.''
''And you can actually use fractal geometry as a way to connect in an easier way to the nonphysical realms.''
Don t be fooled by Trump s caravan rhetoric – it s much more profitable to incarcerate migrants than to stop them at the border
Selling shares in Kumtor is not profitable for Centerra, looks like a fake news: President of Kyrgyz Mining Association
Brexit: Car maker Bentley warns no-deal outcome would damage profits and could lead to plant shutdown
British Airways owner IAG reveals profits hit by rising fuel costs as more details of cyber attack emerge
Air India trying to turn profitable through #39;ticket cancellation charges #39;, wonders Chidambaram
Ranji Trophy 2018-19: Harsh Tyagi holds the key to Railways’ huge lead after Ravindra Jadeja remains unbeaten on 178
Cervical cancer screening letter blunder saw nearly 50,000 women miss results and screening reminders
Oxford Union Invites Steve Bannon to Address Students After Forced Cancellation of German Far-right Party Event
Brexit - live: Theresa May hours from crucial cabinet meeting that could shape fate of UK s relationship with EU
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. English News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. English News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
A coroner is an elected or appointed public official who determines the cause of death of an individual and completes his or her death certificate. A coroner often investigates violent deaths, including homicides and suicides. A coroner may, or may not be a medical physician. If a coroner is certified, he or she may perform autopsies. [1]
Medical examiners are more common in the U.S. than coroners. A medical examiner is an individual with a medical degree, and is a certified pathologist. Medical examiners are either employed by the government or work independently . A medical examiners duties include determining cause of death, performing autopsies, and appearing in court to describe the evidence he or she has collected. [2]
The term coroner is derived from the Anglo-Norman word, corouner. The word corouner means to ‘keep the pleas of the Crown’. This term was used to identify those who held the office of coroner (originally called crowner). It first became common in 12th century England, which was at the time ruled by the Anglo-Normans. The coroner’s duties were to keep records of local proceedings governed by the crown and to raise money by selling the property of executed criminals. They also investigated all suspicious deaths, which is what coroners are commonly associated with today. Over time the office of coroner has evolved into what it is today. [3]
The education requirements for a coroner differ from state to state. The usual requirements are minimal. A person must have obtained their high school degree in order to become a coroner. It is recommended that the person obtain a criminal justice degree. It is not required to have a medical degree, but without one, the tasks a corner can perform are limited. Many states offer training courses for coroners as well. [4]
The process of becoming a medical examiner is much more complex that that of a coroners. Like a coroner, the medical examiner must have earned his or her high school diploma. After graduation, a person should enroll in a four-year undergraduate medical program in a college or university. During this time, it is recommended that the individual earn a degree in law. After completing the four year course the person should complete a years training in anatomic pathology, a medical specialty that deals with the gross, microscopic and molecular study of organs, tissues, and full bodies (cadavers). [5] Next, it is required that the person enrolls in a four-year medical school. After completing medical school, the person must complete a forensic pathology residency in a hospital or in a medical examiner office. He or she must next be certified as a forensic pathologist by the American Board of Independent Medical Examiners. After fulfilling all requirements, the individual is free to obtain a medical examiner position.[6]
Coroners are public officials that investigate suspicious deaths within a range of legal authority. Coroners are in charge over the activities of employed physicians, technicians and investigators. Coroners are responsible for directing the formal investigations of deaths, performing autopsies (depending on qualification), conducting toxicology and pathology reports, determining official causes of death. Coroners often work with outside services, such as other physicians, law enforcement agencies, and medical divisions. Coroners often appear in court and give testimonies on their reports. Coroners are also responsible for the disposal of unclaimed bodies and personal belongings. They also are responsible for signing death certificates. [7] A coroners salary varies depending on location and experience. The annual salary of a coroner can range between 40,000 and 200,000 dollars. [8]
A medical examiner is a medical doctor and certified pathologist appointed to investigate all violent, suspicious, and unnatural deaths. A medical examiner determines the official cause of death of a person and is required to do so by law. Medical examiners have the complete authority to conduct autopsies and to examine forensic evidence. They also have the authority to conduct any medical examinations deemed necessary. Medical examiners are also responsible for contacting the relatives of the deceased to inform them of their investigation. Medical examiners often appear in court as eyewitnesses and or to give testimonies of their findings. [9] The salary of a medical examiner can range from 59,000 to 109,000 dollars annually. [10]
A forensic autopsy is the examination of a dead body to determine a cause of death for legal purposes. There are five legally defined manners of death: natural, accidental, homicide, suicide, and undetermined. Forensic autopsies are usually preformed to determine homicides and suicides. [11] There are two parts to a forensic autopsy; the external and internal examinations. During the external examination, photographs are taken and physical evidence is collected off of the body. Any external marks and wounds are examined and then the body is cleaned, weighed, and measured. All physical features (gender, ethnicity, eye and hair color, etc.) are noted, and then the body is prepped for internal examination. [12]
The internal examination begins with a Y-shaped incision across the body’s chest. It begins at each shoulder and extends down towards the pubic bone. The skin, muscle, and tissue are peeled back revealing the ribcage. The ribcage is then removed to reveal the internal organs. Next, various organs and tissues are removed, examined and weighed. Tissue samples are removed at this time to examine microscopically. During the autopsy, the scalp is cut open, and the skull cap is sawed open to reveal the brain, which is then examined.
During this full examination, the medical examiner/ coroner is collecting evidence to determine an official cause of death. After the autopsy is completely finished, the body is restored to a presentable condition so that it can be delivered to a funeral home. [13]
Clinical autopsies are preformed the same way as forensic autopsies. Both forensic and clinical autopsies and carried out by either a medical examiner, or a coroner. The main difference between the two is the reason they are preformed. As stated earlier, forensic autopsies are preformed to determine cause of death dealing with homicide and suicide, and for legal matters. Clinical autopsies are preformed to determine natural and accidental causes of death, and if the family of the deceased request one. Some reasons clinical autopsies are preformed are:
Medical examiners and coroners spend much of their time dealing with the law. Both have the responsibility of determining the legal cause of death. Much of the physical evidence they collected must be presented in court. Medical examiners must often appear in court as eyewitnesses and describe their medical findings, as well as explain the cause of death. Both state governed and private medical examiners appear in court to give their testimony. [15]
Matt Rohs is a Current member and past-president of AHIOS and serves as the VP and GM of ROI Services at HealthPort.
AHIOS invested a solid three years supporting this effort, and we are pleased by this interim victory in our efforts to ensure appropriate reimbursement for our services," said AHIOS legislative chair Jan McDavid, who is also general counsel for SMART Corporation.
Since its inception in 1996, AHIOS has worked to educate the industry about the complexity and risk involved in the ROI process and help requestors understand that it is an entirely different process from getting a stack of papers copied at the local copy center," Coffey explained.
Because ROI is so complicated -- and the liability threats so significant -- the majority of hospitals outsource this necessary function to ensure they have access to staff with quality control, technology and healthcare expertise," explained Bonnie Coffey, chair of the AHIOS committee that created the testing program and the president of CopyMed, Inc.
Not Clown - written by Steve Moore and Carlos Trevino; directed by Carlos Trevino; Physical Plant @ Soho Rep
Spring Awakening by Duncan Sheik (mucic) and Steven Sater (book and lyrics); Directed by Michael Mayer
So, let's hope it's a new trend at The New York Times and not just that there are few openings this week between Christmas and the New Year - but have you noticed the plethora of theater NEWS stories this week? And many of these are non-Broadway news stories to boot! Just in case you missed them, they included:
If I remember correctly, when the paper of record announced the demise of the Friday "On Stage and Off" column, they promised that there would be more regular "news" stories, as news occurred. Maybe they are keeping that promise?
Theatre Couture's Carrie based on the famous Stephen King novel and the Brian de Palma film it inspired is a campy and funny good time. Of course Carrie tells of the fateful last few days of the awkward, telekinetic teenager Carrie White leading up to her apocalyptic night at her senior prom. Here, Carrie is played by Keith Levy (aka drag performer Sherry Vine) in a dramatically restrained hilarious performance. Levy's co-stars are mostly hysterically first rate, including Kate Goehring (doing an excellent send-up of Piper Laurie as Carrie's religious fanatic mother), Kathy Searle (as Christine – the mean girl), Keri Meoni (as Norma – the dumb-blond friend), Danielle Skraastad (as Miss Gardner, the gym teacher) and Matthew Wilkas (as Tommy – the prom date). Only a mis-cast Marnye Young, as Sue Snell, doesn't rise to the ridiculous occasion. But, the special effects and puppets by the wonderful Basil Twist don't fail to disappoint. Although I'm a little surprised that Eric Jackson's adaptation didn't fine even more humor given such rich source material, Carrie is still well worth a trip to PS122. Given the standing room only crowd tonight, I can't believe the last performance is December 30th.
Maybe it’s me, maybe I have A.D.D.; maybe it was this production, the pace did seem to lag at times; maybe it was the fact that there is only one intermission after act one and acts two and three are played straight through; maybe it was the typically annoying matinee audience – but at close to two hours and fifty minutes, Heartbreak House seemed unusually long and a little dull. Swoosie Kurtz is always fun to watch on stage, even if she’s more Swoosie than Hesione. Lilly Rabe, Laila Robins and Byron Jennings are all good, too. Philip Bosco is almost unrecognizable and slightly miscast as Captain Shotover. The last few minutes of this play always give me a thrill, but this time it was more out of gratitude that the show was over.
Charlotte Sweet is one of my favorite musicals; so much so that I borrowed a character’s name for my pseudonym for this blog (minus a “d’). I wasn’t even aware that Michael Colby (libretto) and Gerald Jay Markoe (music) had written a prequel to Charlotte Sweet, actually called Ludlow Ladd, until recently. Ludlow Ladd is currently being performed as a staged reading (for, unfortunately, only one more performance on Monday the 11th), benefiting the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation, and it is a real treat. It maintains much of the loopy, dark humor and musical style of Charlotte Sweet, while being the perfect holiday show for those who don’t want to see the Rockettes. Let’s hope this great musical gets a full production next and every Christmas in NYC.
Applications for the 2007 New York International Fringe Festival are now available, on line. Good luck to all that apply.
I'm writing to introduce myself, and to put your mind at ease. My name is Elena K. Holy, and I'm the Producing Artistic Director of The Present Company (producers of FringeNYC). I've been alerted to your blogging about the 2007 festival, and I wanted to let you know that firstly, I SO appreciate your kind words about the festival, and secondly, we're on track, don't worry! Your concern is so appreciated.
The applications should be up in a matter of days. As you probably know, there are two of us who work at the Present Company. All of the rest of the staff members are volunteers. Four or five years ago, we converted to an "online" application process. This saved us a few weeks of data entry time, which we converted into a few additional weeks of adjudication time. It's working beautifully. This year, our sql database guru volunteer (who converts the word documents that I make into fill-out-able pdf's and sql databases) moved to London. This is fine, since she is one of the many volunteers who contribute to the festival from all over the world - I haven't seen her in person for a few years anyway! However, she has had a bit of a time getting stable internet service in her new "flat". British Telecom issues. But all is well now. That is one of the reasons we were delayed a bit.
The other reason is that Shelley Burch, our beloved Board President (and the Administrative Director of the festival for years) gave birth to a beautiful little girl on October 30th. In November, after we've closed the books (so to speak) on the prior festival, we have a great deal of analysis to do in order to make any changes to the festival. Every change effects the applications -
So it (understandably!) took a while for these changes to get approval from our very busy Board President. I also take my "big" vacation at Thanksgiving - to be with the entire extended family at the farm in Georgia. It's my one big break during the entire year - and is very restorative. And fattening. And wonderful. This year I took a whole week off.
Oh! And sorry - I hadn't noticed presentcompany.org was down. I'm looking for a new hosting service. . . I'll remove the link from FringeNYC (I learned Dreamweaver!).
Anyway. That's MUCH more than you wanted to know, but since I can't seem to get an approval to be a member of All That Chat, you should feel free to post this reply (or your version of this reply) to let everyone know that FringeNYC '07 is going to be great ("it's eleven - it's like ten, but it's one more") and the apps should be up within a few days.
Tell everyone thanks for their concern. It really means the world to me and everyone at FringeNYC that you give a hoot whether FringeNYC happens. So cool...
With the celebration of the 10th Annual Fringe last August some people questioned its relevance and importance and how long it would continue. Now I’m beginning to worry that it may not be around for an 11th year. According to the Fringe website, www.fringenyc.org, “application(s) for FringeNYC 2007 will be available on (the fringe) website in November 2006” and “(a)pplications will be accepted from November 1, 2006 - February 14, 2007.” As of today, December 3rd, no application is available. Now anyone that has worked with the Fringe in the past, knows that their timetables are soft. More dirstubingly however, the credit that follows all official listings for The New York International Fringe Festival is “A production of The Present Company” and now The Present Company’s own website, www.presentcompany.org, is down, giving the ominous message – “Gone”.
In a recent Thanksgiving Day posting, I listed Fringe NYC as one of the 9 things I am thankful for in NYC Theater. I am so hoping that we have not seen the last of the Fringe! Elena, tell us we are going to have a #11.
The Schaubühne am Lehniner Platz production of Hedda Gabler is as stylish a production as one is likely to see. Ibsen's play has been updated to the present with laptops being smashed with hammers instead of manuscripts being burned. I'm no purist when it comes to the classics, but in this case it seems to be heavy on the style but unfortunately light on substance. Directed by Thomas Ostermeier, this version seamlessly runs together all four acts into one intermission-less two-hour and ten minute piece. Katharina Schüttler makes an always interesting and surprisingly young Hedda, but the real star of this production is Jan Pappelbaum’s sleek, revolving, glass, stone and concrete set complete with mirrored ceiling to reveal what would ordinarily be offstage. And Ibsen's famous final tableau looks great on this set as it revolves until the final blackout.
Nebraska, 1958: the world is closing in on Charlie Starkweather and Caril Fugate, teenage lovers charged with committing eleven murders in t...
The excellent double bill currently at The Flea Theater, THE BREAK-UP by Tommy Smith and THE HAPPY SAD by Ken Urban has just been exten...
20 Favorite Shows of 2012: 1. Mission Drift ( The TEAM / COIL Festival @ Connolly Theater) The TEAM isn't afraid to tackle...
I first saw the second act of Brian Parks’ Americana Absurdum , “Wolverine Dream”, performed in the late 90’s at Todo con Nada on Ludlow St...
Big Art Group 's newest show, SOS , opens next week (March 19th) at The Kitchen. We sent over some questions for Artistic Director, C...
Written by Jaclyn Backhaus and directed by John Kurzynowski, Three Seagulls or Mashamashamasha is a mash-up of the two Chekhov plays b...
Climate Neutral Business Network seeks to maximize the value of climate neutral leadership – for companies, their customers, our communities and the climate.
CNBN frames strategic objectives/stakeholder engagement process to maximize carbon and competitive gains
Start Ups Goals Evaluate carbon revenue potential contribution towards clean tech product launch Design “to... Read More
Carbon Reduction Initiative Goals Raise “green” brand awareness – esp. in younger target market Drive... Read More
Climate Neutral Business Network (CNBN) brings unparalleled experience to deliver measurable competitive advantage for clients from their climate leadership. Our clients have forged some of the most creative and compelling carbon innovations – spanning the US’s first ever carbon neutral introductions in 2000 to Chevrolet’s recent $40m 8m ton carbon investment strategy -- which other leading companies now seek to emulate.
All our work is founded upon some of the most diverse stakeholder innovation dialogues, which creatively explore how leading companies, non-profits, campuses, faith networks, cities, green building and other stakeholders can most powerfully deliver on the demanding challenges they have established for themselves. Our ground-breaking #CleanEnergyU virtual dialogue, for example, was repeatedly top trending in 2015.
The leadership of CNBN’s founder and CEO, Sue Hall, has been widely recognized. Together, our partners demonstrate that innovative climate leadership can deliver remarkable value – for companies, their customers, our communities and the climate.
“Transportation greenhouse gas emissions are up across the country, and national public policy is hostile to arresting that trend. So we need all hands on deck in the states and the private sector, with every useful tool deployed. We know displacing internal combustion vehicles with electrics is one of our most important outcomes; that wide deployment of charging stations is a critical factor in enabling that displacement; and that getting access to carbon markets is one of the tools we need to accelerate the deployment of charging infrastructure. Thanks to EVCCC, the VCS program and the work of lots of committed, knowledgeable people, that access is about to open up.”
“Robust and reliable charging networks are the key to providing drivers everywhere with the confidence to drive electric. Improving the business case for infrastructure investments, especially for fast charging, will make investing in electric vehicle charging projects more attractive and help to push the market forward.”
Northeast States for Coordinated Air Use Management, Arthur Marin, Executive DirectorEVCCC – Exec Director NE State for CAUM
“Fueling up with electricity is one of the best things you can do to reduce carbon pollution. By capturing the monetary value of those carbon reductions, this exciting new project will help reduce the costs of charging and accelerate the switch to electric transportation.”
“As the nation’s largest utility company, we know that our customers want clean energy and new tools to help them reduce their carbon emissions. This new initiative will support our efforts to invest in EV charging infrastructure and make it easier and faster for our customers to adopt cleaner transportation options.”
“EVgo has already built out the nation’s largest public fast charging network in the U.S., with more than 1,000 DC fast chargers across the country. We recognize the need to expand and accelerate the growth of public charging infrastructure to enable the deployment of electric vehicles, which is why EVgo supports innovative approaches like this which reduce the costs of DC fast charging infrastructure.”
Jonathan Levy, Vice President of Strategic Initiatives, EVgoEVCCC – VP of Strategic Initiatives, EVgo
“There is an acute lack of charging infrastructure, especially more costly DC fast charging, in convenient public locations. More comprehensive and faster EV charging infrastructure have both been identified as key reasons drivers avoid EVs, according to several surveys, including Strategic Vision’s New Vehicle Experience Survey.”
“Cities everywhere desperately need more EV fast charging. There's not enough to make a road-trip across this country or any country easy. This investment grows the options for everyday EV drivers, making electric charging simple and more efficient for everyone. Any business needing a new carbon offset should jump on board. This will be a game-changer for carbon markets, and a crowd-pleaser for EV drivers everywhere"
Jessie Denver, Energy Program Manager with the City and County of San Francisco’s Department of the Environment, a member of CNCA. EVCCC – EPM San Francisco’s DOE
“One of the original motivations for this EVCCC project was to compensate for the higher costs of deploying and operating EV charging infrastructure. The new carbon credit revenues -- which are expected to yield an estimated 5 percent to 10 percent return on capital -- make these deployments more financially sustainable.”
“Verra’s approval of this VCS carbon credit methodology provides another arrow in the quiver to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and confront climate change. Increasing private investment in EV infrastructure by valuing emission reductions will help increase consumer demand for EV’s by providing drivers with easy access to cheaper and cleaner fuel while reducing range anxiety.”
“Empowering Sue Hall to manage their stakeholder dialogue process was central to Chevy’s success. It takes a leader to pull the people together in this way.”
“There was openness in the process that was essential to make this kind of transformative leadership happen …”
“Chevy asked such open ended questions in response to really big challenges -- to shape so creatively what could then be achieved”
“Chevy’s extremely ambitious goals goals created a great sand box – into which they then invited us all to play.”
“Chevy created an entirely new template in the carbon market that multiplied their own leadership by empowering others to take the same high road.”
“This wasn’t the “here’s a new framework” white paper theory kind of leadership. But “here’s time, dollars on the table and we’ll make it happen” leadership. They created an entirely new paradigm with the wheels to deliver on a new set of outcomes and market precedents. That’s impressive leadership.”
“When Chevy said they would pioneer a new methodology and fund campus credit projects to accelerate their clean energy performance in our communities – that was the step that took Chevy’s CRI to a really transformative program.”
“Chevy changed the rules of the game to change the shape of the playing field. You don’t see this kind of transformative leadership very often!”
"Chevy’s story tells us about the power of bringing together distinct voices and the ability this generates to make major pivots together – to transform and change the rules of the game"
“For a millennial, it’s ‘show me you understand the bigger picture, your role in it – and partner with us like Chevrolet did’. They engaged with students in dialogue on #CleanEnergyU and empowered them to become the next generation of clean energy leaders. Now that’s a legacy that will be worth remembering for them!”Engaging and Empowering
“Other companies should look at Chevrolet and realize that it’s no longer business as usual to just make money and have a fiscal return on investment. They need to contribute a positive return on our natural capital, and keep up with the new B Corporations: the millennial generation and even my generation are expecting this.”Keeping up
“CRI allowed Chevy to stand alongside companies like Apple and Google at the White House making a pledge for the climate by 2015 . Honestly, it would have taken Chevy forever to get in this elite circle of consideration if they had done it purely by conventional means … It would have been a 15 year journey to get to that White House platform with just “the better car” route … CRI leapfrogged them to a completely different level of visibility and leadership in just 5 years.”Leapfrogging with CRI
“As a result of CRI, Chevy clearly repositioned some dimensions of its brand successfully – otherwise you don’t show up on those Interbrand GREEN brand rankings which are the independent third party brand value metrics.” Reposition Brand Dimensions
“#CleanEnergyU -- fascinating dialogue at the right time and right place, as the recent White House calls demonstrated!”White House
“From a brand perspective, #CleanEnergyU significantly broadened Chevy’s communications through a social media channel that engaged a key millennials in new and exciting ways ”Engaging
RASA1 and NF1 are preferentially co-mutated and define a distinct genetic subset of smoking-associated non-small cell lung carcinomas sensitive to MEK inhibition. | Clinical Cancer Research
RASA1 and NF1 are preferentially co-mutated and define a distinct genetic subset of smoking-associated non-small cell lung carcinomas sensitive to MEK inhibition.
Purpose: Ras-GTPase activating proteins (RasGAPs), notably NF1 and RASA1, mediate negative control of the RAS/MAPK pathway. We evaluated clinical and molecular characteristics of NSCLC with RASA1 mutations in comparison with NF1-mutated cases. Experimental Design: Large genomic datasets of NSCLC [MSK-IMPACT™ dataset at MSKCC (n=2004), TCGA combined lung cancer dataset (n=1144)] were analyzed to define concurrent mutations and clinical features of RASA1-mutated NSCLCs. Functional studies were performed using immortalized human bronchial epithelial cells (HBECs) and NSCLC lines with RasGAP truncating mutations in RASA1, NF1, or both. Results: Overall, approximately 2% of NSCLCs had RASA1 truncating mutations, and this alteration was statistically, but not completely, mutually exclusive with known activating EGFR (p=0.02) and KRAS (p=0.02) mutations. Unexpectedly, RASA1 truncating mutations had a strong tendency to co-occur with NF1 truncating mutations (p<0.001). Furthermore, all patients (16/16) with concurrent RASA1/NF1 truncating mutations lacked other known lung cancer drivers. Knockdown of RASA1 in HBECs activated signaling downstream of RAS and promoted cell growth. Conversely, restoration of RASA1 expression in RASA1-mutated cells reduced MAPK and PI3K signaling. While growth of cell lines with inactivation of only one of these two RasGAPs showed moderate and variable sensitivity to inhibitors of MEK or PI3K, cells with concurrent RASA1/NF1 mutations were profoundly more sensitive (IC50: 0.040μM trametinib). Finally, simultaneous genetic silencing of RASA1 and NF1 sensitized both HBECs and NSCLC cells to MEK inhibition. Conclusions: Cancer genomic and functional data nominate concurrent RASA1/NF1 loss of function mutations as a strong mitogenic driver in NSCLC which may sensitize to trametinib.
Pay Per Article - You may access this article (from the computer you are currently using) for 1 day for US$35.00
You are going to email the following RASA1 and NF1 are preferentially co-mutated and define a distinct genetic subset of smoking-associated non-small cell lung carcinomas sensitive to MEK inhibition.
Message Body (Your Name) thought you would be interested in this article in Clinical Cancer Research.
The eye can be examined with relative ease as to both its function and its structure. A practical assessment includes the capability to relocate the orbit and the reaction of the student to light and accommodation.
The function of the eye may be checked in numerous ways. The patient might be asked to recognize illuminated letter or things of varying sizes on exactly what is understood as the Snellen chart.
On the other hand, the assessment of the structural part of the eye might be made in several ways. Stress within the eyeball is determined by a "tonometer." In specific diseases, particularly in glaucoma, the tension in the eyeball is increased markedly.
It needs to be well remembered that a patient with an eye problem may have other problems. Typically other physical conditions are primary and affect the eye as a repercussion. The appearance of the eye can signal the doctor and the patient to problems in some disturbances of other parts of the body even before other signs provide themselves.
One's reliance on sight is emphasized when one faces a possible or short-term long-term loss of this essential sense. When restorative steps are sought, certain forms of vision correction such as contact lenses or glasses are prescribed.
On the other hand, some people are bothered with the fact that they have actually some framed lenses or contact lenses in front of their eyes.
For this reason, advanced surgical operations were established to encourage decreased utilization of contact lenses or glasses. Among which is the now popular LASIK eye surgical treatment.
Basically, LASIK eye surgical treatment is the short-term for "Laser-Assisted In Situ Keratomileusis." Like its concrete equivalent, LASIK eye surgery is another kind of vision correction. The only distinction is that with this kind of surgical treatment, one's vision is fixed permanently.
With LASIK eye surgery, the refractive Homepage mistakes in the cornea are completely changed. This can be done utilizing an "excimer laser."
The primary function of this surgical treatment is to develop a threadlike, rounded "flap" in the cornea utilizing a blade known as "microkeratome." In a series of unfolding and laser processing, the cornea is finally reformed, allowing much better the eye to direct more light into the retina.
In the middle of the growing appeal of LASIK eye surgical treatment, there are still disadvantages that individuals need to understand. Probably, the main reason this kind of eye surgical treatment has actually ended up being well accepted is because the majority of its cases had actually achieved success.
Because LASIK eye surgical treatment includes the operation of the retina, which is one of the most delicate portions of the eye, the majority of people say that the operation can be extremely dangerous.
Simply puts, a simple mistake might almost trigger an person's lifetime loss of sight. Thus, it is essential to think about lots of factors before deciding whether LASIK eye surgical treatment is the right restorative measure one needs to go through.
LASIK eye surgical treatment may fix your vision however it does not necessarily imply that it can provide you a ideal vision. Even if analytical reports reveal that 70% of the patients might have 20/20 vision, this does not necessarily mean they have perfect vision.
Provided all these visit their website things, it can be deduced that, in spite of the popularity of the operation, LASIK might not always be the perfect eye surgery the way most individuals see it
On the other hand, the assessment of the structural part of the eye may be made in a number of ways. It ought to be well kept in mind that a client with an eye problem might have other problems. Frequently other physical conditions are primary and impact the eye as a effect. The look of the eye can inform the client and the doctor to troubles in some disruptions of other parts of the body even before other symptoms provide themselves.
RIO GRANDE VALLEY - Border and immigrants' rights organizations will be closely monitoring the additional 150 U.S. Border Patrol (BP) agents who were recently deployed to the Rio Grande Valley in South Texas.
The additional agents respond, according to DHS, to the migration of Central American families and children crossing the U.S. border to seek asylum from horrific violence in their home countries. According to CBP's website, these agents are detailed to assist with processing, screening, and classifying migrants.
With almost 20,000 Border Patrol boots on the ground, CBP is the largest law enforcement agency in the country and, while many agents and officers act professionally, the agency has a poor track record of abusive tactics against migrants and border residents.
The Southern Border Communities Coalition calls on CBP to be transparent and accountable during this surge, which comes at a time of heightened anxiety for border residents.
Astrid Dominguez of the ACLU of Texas, and a member of the Southern Border Communities Coalition stated:
"It is imperative for our communities' prosperity and quality of life that the Obama Administration take a humanitarian approach to border communities' and migrants' needs. Both the administration and CBP must be mindful that our rights in the border region are not second-class; our families and communities deserve dignity and equal treatment, not racial profiling or excessive force.
CBP has a documented reputation of abusive behavior toward border residents in the Rio Grande Valley, which is why we will continue to advocate that CBP abide by best law-enforcement practices and respect the Constitution and laws when interacting with our communities. CBP must be mindful of reducing its negative impacts on border residents' daily lives. We will continue to defend border residents' rights and urge CBP to be more transparent and accountable."
The Southern Border Communities Coalition brings together more than 60 organizations from San Diego, California, to Brownsville, Texas, to ensure that border enforcement policies and practices are accountable and fair, respect human dignity and human rights, and prevent the loss of life in the region. For more information, please visit www.southernborder.org.
This is an exciting time in our neighborhood. Please get involved with the creation of the new city and don’t forget to vote on or before March 21. SFL will continue to cover the entire South Fulton area, including but not limited to the new city, along with South Atlanta, Hapeville, East Point, College Park, Union City and Chattahoochee Hills and the communities of Cascade, Ben Hill and Sandtown.
Mayor Kasim Reed joined Georgia Power, the Georgia Public Service Commission and other sustainability leaders to unveil 102 electric vehicle charging stations at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Mayor Reed charged the airport with installing at least 100 electric vehicle charging stations by the end of 2016. The Mayor’s Office of Sustainability coordinated with the sustainability team at the airport to meet the goal. The installation of the electric vehicle stations is just another initiative the Mayor’s Office of Sustainability has implemented to ensure that the City of Atlanta is a top-tier sustainable city.
Stetson University College of Law Juris Doctor candidate Nicole Westmoreland of South Fulton celebrated graduating with her law degree on Dec. 15 in Gulfport, Florida. A Certificate of Concentration in Social Justice Advocacy candidate, Nicole also received the William F. Blews Pro Bono Service Award and the Walter Mann Award.
The volunteer committee for the 10th annual Chair-ity event celebrated a record-setting $200,000 raised to benefit The Children’s Village at Christian City, where once neglected, abused and abandoned children now live safely in the loving care of house parents in family-style homes.
The Sickle Cell Foundation of Georgia hosted patients and caregivers at the Georgia State Capitol as they listened to several speakers addressing issues related to Sickle Cell Disease. The Sickle Cell Foundation of Georgia, Inc. strives to educate and inform the public about the latest in sickle cell developments.
Their annual symposium featured a panel of experts and medical doctors well-versed on subjects of great concern to the focus of sickle cell awareness. The free symposium was held at the historic Morehouse School of Medicine National Center for Primary Care. The symposium agenda covered a vast array of advocacy information related to “fighting for what you need” and updating the public on legislative and policy news to inform patients on ways to change and improve their health. Panelists included Honorable Gloria Frazier (D), Georgia State Representative; James Eckman, MD, noted hematologist and medical oncology, Emory School of Medicine; Leila Clay, MD, pediatric oncologist; and Brenda Depena-Gray, BSN, RN, WellStar, Bloodless Medicine Program. Many other notable medical doctors, social workers and patients living with sickle cell were also on hand to share their expertise. Each segment featured a question-and-answer session.
The Interdenominational Theological Center is pleased to announce it has been awarded a 2016-17 Kresge Discreet Technical Assistance Grant in the amount of $25,000. Administered through UNCF’s (United Negro College Fund) Institute for Capacity Building, ITC emerged as a grant recipient from a competitive field of Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) through its submission of the ITC “Generation Z Recruitment Model.”
The grant will enable ITC to create and implement a recruitment model that incorporates the multiple platforms of social media into its recruitment campaign. The grant also allows ITC to employ the use of related technology as a bridge to gain access to millennials and members of “Generation Z” who use mobile devices and social media in virtually every aspect of their decision making and consumption.
“We are excited and grateful that the Kresge Foundation and UNCF have embraced this capacity-building effort,” says ITC President Dr. Edward L. Wheeler. “While we continue our campaign to expand the revenue streams of the ITC beyond traditional student enrollment, attracting a robust and astute student body will always be a priority of the Center. This grant enables us to employ a more progressive 21st-century approach to the student recruitment process, which will position us to increase our student body.”
Additional features of the “Generation Z Recruitment Model” include a redesign of the ITC website, featuring a fully automated, online application process; creation of social media pages for its Office of Admissions; social media training and technical support to admissions staff; creation of an ITC app and recruitment flash drive; and the redesign/upgrade of all student marketing and recruitment materials.
Tyrone Brooks delivered a lecture to engage and inform young people about the significance of civil and human rights, the importance of the vote, and the need for American Democracy. The lecture took place in Monroe, Georgia, and included a visit to the Moore’s Ford Bridge. The lecture was offered under the direction of Georgia State University Assistant Professor of African-American Studies and Historian, Dr. Maurice J. Hobson. Students from other colleges and universities have also attended many of the lectures and discussions offered by Brooks, chair of the Moore’s Ford Movement.
The lecture was also supported by several local churches and organizations, including Greater Piney Grove Missionary Baptist Church’s senior pastor Dr. William Flippin and First Congregational Church’s senior pastor Dr. Dwight Andrews. The First African Baptist Church in Monroe and Rev. Edwin Beckles, senior pastor, hosted the students in Monroe. Transportation was provided by United Youth Adult Conference President Michael Langford and SCLC President Charles Steele. En route to Monroe, students stopped at the Old Newton County Jail in Covington to give students an opportunity to see where Brooks and five other civil rights workers were held in solitary confinement for two months for leading marches, boycotts and attacking Jim Crow segregation in 1970.
For more than 50 years, Brooks has been a champion for civil and human rights for all Georgians while he served 35 years in the Georgia State Legislature. The lynching and murders that took place at the Moore’s Ford Bridge in 1946 have always been at the forefront of his work and, therefore, the site was chosen as the location for the lecture.
“Students in his class have been thirsty for this kind of onsite knowledge,” says Dr. Hobson, “and we are pleased that our students are interested in the personal points of view that Mr. Brooks can provide at this time in our history.” Some of the discussion topics during the lecture included the modern day voting rights movement and suppression; Georgia’s struggle with old south and racist imagery while promoting the new south; and the Moore’s Ford Bridge lynching/massacre and how it helped launch the modern day civil/human rights movement.
A correction to January’s Health and Fitness issue on Lee Haney: On page 37, it should have read, “He also has a line of supplements designed to aid in everything from detox, to fat burning to age management and weight loss. Each year, Haney hosts two events. These include Lee Haney’s 30-Day Transformation Now Challenge, a fitness challenge from January to February, with up to $2,500 in cash and prizes. In October, he hosts Lee Haney’s Physique and Fitness Games, which grew to two days in 2016—with Steve and Marjorie Harvey returning as title sponsor.”
Ford dealers value the confidence you have in the Ford brand and to that end we want you to understand the terms and representations we make on our site.
While our inventory is generally updated on a daily basis, there are no guarantees that the inventory shown will be available at the dealership. Mid-model-year manufacturing changes, as well as dealer-added accessories on the actual vehicle may differ from the options and features listed. Vehicles that are identified as 'Exact Matches' may have a different price or different features not represented on the site. We make every effort to provide you with the most accurate, up-to-date information, however, for the most up-to-date and accurate information regarding actual vehicle availability please contact us using the information in the "Contact Us" section of our home page or use our email form for more information.
Here you may find all the daily The Washington Post Crossword Answers and Solutions for each of the crossword clues. In case you are stuck on a specific clue, and are looking for help, make sure to bookmark this page and whenever you are stuck while playing The Washington Post Crossword puzzle, you can visit us and find the exact solution!
New York Jets quarterback Josh McCown will start on Sunday against the Buffalo Bills, coach Todd Bowles said Thursday.
FILE PHOTO: Aug 30, 2018; Philadelphia, PA, USA; New York Jets quarterback Josh McCown (15) passes the ball against the Philadelphia Eagles during the first quarter at Lincoln Financial Field. Bill Streicher-USA TODAY Sports
It will be the first start of the season for the 16-year veteran. McCown, 39, started 13 games for the Jets last season.
Starter Sam Darnold sustained a right foot injury last week in a loss to the Miami Dolphins that has limited him in practice. Bowles said, however, that Darnold could dress and back up McCown.
—Dez Bryant participated in his first practice as a member of the New Orleans Saints on Thursday, and he was adamant about one thing.
“Not at all, not at all. That chapter’s closed, that’s something I had to accept. I accepted that and moved on,” Bryant told reporters. “I’m here with the New Orleans Saints. I’m a (member of the) Saints now, I’m excited about that and I’m looking forward to moving on with these guys.”
—The Supreme Judicial Court in Massachusetts has started a review of a state legal principle that wiped out the murder conviction of former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez after his suicide. Hernandez was convicted on April 15, 2015, of the 2013 death of semipro football player Odin Lloyd in North Attleborough, Mass.
The justices heard arguments from prosecutors as to why convictions shouldn’t be erased if those found guilty die before an appellate court has reviewed facts of the trial. The Supreme Judicial Court is expected to take several months to issue a decision.
—The Los Angeles Rams expressed condolences over the mass shooting that killed 12 people at the Borderline Bar and Grill in Thousand Oaks, Calif., on Wednesday night.
Rams coach Sean McVay said Thursday that a moment of silence would be held prior to Sunday’s home game against the Seattle Seahawks.
—Wally Triplett, a Detroit Lions running back who was the first African-American to be drafted and play in the NFL in a regular-season game, has died at 92.
“Wally is one of the true trailblazers in American sports history,” the Lions said in a news release announcing his death. “He resides among the great men who helped reshape the game as they faced the challenges of segregation and discrimination.”
As a rookie, Triplett set a team record at the time for the longest run from scrimmage with an 80-yard touchdown at Green Bay on Oct. 30, 1949. A year later, he set a league single-game record with 294 yards on four kickoff returns, including a 97-yard touchdown. The record for his total yardage that day lasted for 44 years and is still No. 3 in NFL history. His kickoff return average of 73.5 yards that day remains an NFL single-game record.
—Eagles running back Darren Sproles, set to return from a hamstring injury for the first time since Week 1, was sidelined during practice by another hamstring injury.
Philadelphia expected Sproles back in the lineup, primarily as a kick returner, for Sunday’s game against the Cowboys. Sproles has been idle since injuring his hamstring in the season opener against the Atlanta Falcons.
—Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown was reportedly cited for driving in excess of 100 mph at 10 a.m.
FILE PHOTO: Dec 24, 2017; Arlington, TX, USA; Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant (88) fumbles the ball after being hit by Seattle Seahawks cornerback Byron Maxwell (41) in the second quarter at AT&T Stadium. Tim Heitman-USA TODAY Sports
CBS-TV (KDKA) in Pittsburgh reported police responding to a nearby bank robbery caught Brown going over 100 mph in a 45 mph zone. Brown is not a suspect in the bank robbery.
—Cleveland Browns owner Jimmy Haslam plans to yield to a general manager in the team’s search for a new head coach for the first time.
General manager John Dorsey, hired in December 2017, will lead the search for Hue Jackson’s replacement with Haslam and his wife, Dee, signing off on the finalists. Jackson was fired Oct. 29.
Infection in the ear is usually caused by bacteria and viruses in the middle of the ear. Some of the common causes of ear infections include wax buildup, upper respiratory infections, food allergies, environmental allergies, fetal alcohol syndrome, genetics, nutritional deficiencies and internal injuries. Ear infections can bring a series of agonising symptoms along with pain, vomiting, diarrhea, fluidic discharge from the ear, etc.
Although ear infections can affect anyone regardless of the age, it often occurs in children causing pain, tugging at the ear, difficulty sleeping, headache, impared response to sounds, high ever, fluidic discharge from the ear, vomiting, diarrhea etc. Good news is you can treat the infection without using any drugs. Yes, all you have to do is try garlic juice remedy for treating ear infections as garlic is loaded with anti-inflammatory and antibacterial properties.
Now plug your ears with the cotton ball and the mixture will seep into the ear within a few minutes.
This is a placeholder page for Moses Johnson, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Moses Johnson.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Moses Johnson. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Moses Johnson. We created this page automatically in hopes Moses Johnson would find it. If you are not Moses Johnson, but are an alumni of Daingerfield High School, register on this site for free now.
“We’re now having to extend that first rotation even further”, says John Owen who farms in Carmarthen. “I know we’re much better off than some as we don’t actually have any snow on the ground but the grass growth simply isn’t there.
Last summer's extremely wet conditions demonstrated just how valuable good cow tracks and infrastructure are, says DairyCo Extension Officer Piers Badnell. For some farmers it meant they were able to graze throughout the summer, with reduced pasture damage, and at times when parts of the grazing platform were under water.
DairyCo is holding a Research Day - your levy your future, on 27 March 2013 at University of Reading, Centre for Dairy Research (CEDAR), Hall Farm, Church Lane, Arborfield, Reading, Berkshire, RG2 9HX. DairyCo is showcasing some of its latest R&D, including trials being conducted under its Research Partnerships with Nottingham University and Scottish Rural University College (formerly SAC). It's a chance to hear about the latest findings from the researchers undertaking the work as well as discuss what it means on farm and how research might develop in the future.
March 27, 2010 was a huge day for our planet. I'm not talking a little little bit of money here. Getting the job isn't as easy as walking in through the doorway and being allocated a desk.
These California divorce records services exist in two available versions. Each has a chance to lower your stress, save you time or benefit you in other ways. Make sure to bring http://www.consultantseo.com/non-classe/crafting-a-university-or-college-essay-and-12/ together spare figures to find a way to make the paper one of one of the most polished off as well as rigorous.
These are the steps to be followed before writing any kind of paper or essay. Nevertheless, for perfect hard bound books with above 50 to 80 pages needs a much heavier offset stock. The writer must keep at heart that the thesis statement is all about similarities or differences that can be proven and has to be backed-up with details, statistics or examples. Good luck, and also have fun with what works for YOU! .
Nigerian newspapers a wide array of material may be published in newspapers, including editorial opinions, criticism, persuasion obituaries entertainment features such as crosswords, Sudoku and horoscopes weather news and forecasts advice, food along with other columns inside our daily post. The post posseses an air of journalistic freedom https://www.forbes.com/technology/ one other news papers do not appear to have. These mistakes might include picking out the wrong topic. It has some draw backs though, the planet section although very extensive is more of an overview of the continent as well as the region rather than the entire world. By: Tanner Poindexter .
A Christian newspaper is something that can be read by everybody within the family. Feel absolve to contact http://WritingBest. For instance, creating an opinion paper on domestic violence doesn't force that you simply conform to whichever precise design - type of free composition. Feel liberated to contact http://WritingBest. If you've to, no less than make sure it doesn't end up in the septic system.
Importance of college research paper examplesThe college research paper examples are written either by the lecturers or the past students. The sooner you learn how you can use this standard research paper-writing format, the greater professional your work will look. It can be hand made or machine made.
Cite your sources whenever you write biography essay papers. Weigh them down with stones and leave them to get a month. Weigh them down with stones by leaving them for any month. It can be hand made or machine made.
The Republican Liberty Caucus has unanimously endorsed Bruce Poliquin in Maine’s 2nd Congressional District GOP primary.
The Republican Liberty Caucus is a 527 voluntary grassroots membership organization dedicated to working within the Republican Party to advance the principles of individual rights, limited government and free markets. Founded in 1991, it is the oldest continuously-operating organization within the Liberty Republican movement.
"The central doctrine of Christianity, then, is not that God is a bastard. It is, in the words of the late Dominican theologian Herbert McCabe, that if you don’t love you’re dead, and if you do, they’ll kill you."--Terry Eagleton
"It is impossible for me to say in my book one word about all that music has meant in my life. How then can I hope to be understood?--Ludwig Wittgenstein
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico & Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
You mean we can't make other countries do what we want them to? What the hell's the point of being the United States, then?
And what immigration laws did Obama pass? As I recall, DACA was an executive order because Congress wouldn't pass an immigration law. Come to think of it, the only thing that sounds ridiculous.....
Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!
Actually, the problem is a 2000 mile border with a poorer country that can't be physically closed, no matter what the ignoramus thinks. Funny thing is, the GOP controls both the House and the Senate, and yet is showing no interest in passing new immigration laws. Gee, maybe the GOP is allowing "open border, drugs, and crime!"
39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
The Sun Certified Java Programmer (SCJP 6 .. CX-310-065) now known as Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 6 Programmer (OCPJP 6 .. 1Z0-851) is the entry level exam and is essential for many Java related certification.
Oracle has recently changed the name of this certification. There is no change in the exam structure.
Passing Score : 61 % (36 out of 60) You need to obtain atleast 61 % to be successful in this exam which is 36 out of 60 to be answered correctly
Time Allowed : 150 minutes which is sufficient . You are allowed to go back to previous questions during the exam.
Type of Questions ? Multiple choice. If multiple choice questions have more than one correct answer, it is explicitly mentioned in the question. Some interactive questions like Drag n Drop, Matching have been removed.
The objectives of OCPJP 6.0 are almost same as OCPJP 5.0 except few changes which introduce new topics like Console (API Contents), NavigableSet, and NavigableMap (Collections/Generics) and removed the overridden methods and constructor from ?OO Concepts?.
Professionals holding the OCPJP 6 certification are preferred by the employers and they also get preference in promotions.
OCPJP 6 certification is helpful for professionals who want to upgrade their credentials and get recognition from the industry.
Вы покупаете официальный ключ игры Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Уже после первой покупки у вас появляется скидка на все последующие покупки наших товаров. Ключ игры вы получаете Cразу же после оплаты в окне которое откроется после проведения платежа, а также ссылка на страницу с ключом прийдёт на вашу почту, указанную при покупке.
We are very excited to welcome Phyllis (Jack) Webstad to our school tomorrow at 1 pm for a whole school assembly. Please remember to wear orange to welcome her to our school. We also encourage students to wear orange on Friday for our whole school den activities.
September 30th has been declared Orange Shirt Day annually, in recognition of the harm the residential school system did to children's sense of self-esteem and well being, and as an affirmation of our commitment to ensure that everyone around us matters.
PEX-AL-PEX pipe and brass fitting for floor heating system PPR pipe and PPR fitting for clean water supply system
Coca-Cola company is planning to launch a range of energy drinks for the first time on its own brand name .
According to Reuters the giant company was working on plans to launch new drinks which would be branded “Coca-Cola Energy” and “Coca-Cola Energy No Sugar” and made with naturally-derived caffeine and guarana extract.
This comes months after the company announced its interest in manufacturing marijuana drinks market for a possible entry that would expand the world’s largest soft drink maker’s ambitions further away from sugary sodas.
Coke would join a rush by major alcohol makers and a cigarette company to test the cannabis market and find partners ahead of the October 17 launch of legal recreational marijuana in Canada.
The company initially took a nearly 17 percent stake in energy drinks maker Monster Beverage Corp in 2015, making Coke the largest shareholder, to sample at a distance the market in which it had a small presence with its NOS and Full throttle brands.
However, the partnership has turned rocky with Coke currently in arbitration with Monster Beverage over the launch of the Coke energy drinks, as it would put it in direct competition with Monster and violate their initial 2015 agreement.
“We have submitted the difference in interpretation to an arbitration panel for resolution, which is the mechanism agreed by the Coca-Cola Co and Monster in the original agreements,” a Coca-Cola spokesperson said.
Analysts, however, were skeptical whether consumers would take to Coke’s energy drinks under a brand mainly associated with fizzy sodas.
Standing as the Western gateway to the entire redevelopment of Don Mills, Reflections is “the first step towards making the reimagined plaza into a mixed use community space” says Reflections lead architect Roland Rom Cotlhoff of RAWdesign.
As a signature for the 12 storey mixed use condo, Reflections’ exterior will be customized in patterns and textures that speak to the commercial heritage of the area. The design will also coordinate with neighbouring Liv Lofts, an existing building that is being converted.
Reflections features large units suitable to a mature neighbourhood and market and incorporates many energy saving features, achieving LEED silver.
Providing more than just stunning views of downtown, the southern portion of the building is detailed with floor to ceiling windows and projected balconies. This passive solar design will allow the suites to capture the warmth from the low sun in wintertime and help shade away the high sun during summer.
Pre-engineered hardwood flooring in the principal rooms; granite countertops; breakfast bars; extended upper kitchen cabinetry; and stainless steel, white or black appliances.
"I could stay under here all day long" said Lisa Rhone, left, as she and Teomia Bailey seek relief from record breaking heat at a fire department cooling station in St. Louis. Tempatures topped out at 105 degrees, the hottest recorded reading in more then a decade.
Search for Pre-Sale products from all your favorite designers and retailers before they are available in stores.
Covers being the type of music popularised by up-and-coming bands or the Radio 1 live Lounge, wherein a band will play the song of another to their own preferred beat.
I wish someone made a cover for Muse's Uprsing. I know how pop that song is, but I swear to god that I hear a completely different song in my head whenever it gets played in my vicinity.
To me, that is hands down the most metal, non-metal song I have ever hard. If I was a musician, I would totally cover that motherfucker to be one of the meanest revolution songs on the planet.
Baron Somebody wrote: I asked someone if it's normal to second guess walking motions...dude I am so fucked...
"One miracle, my lord. Delivered as requested. That should hold them back for a few hours. Long enough?"
Over at Daily Kos, there is a diary showing excerpts from the Google Earth atlas of North Korea. (The original site is here, but I found it a little impenetrable.) Below are two images that chilled me.
"The image above depicts an area covered with mounds. It's speculated these mounds are actually mass graves for some of the more than 2 million people that starved to death in the famine of the 1990s. "
"The structures in the picture are just a small portion of a North Korean prison camp called 'Camp 16.' The entire camp measures 18 miles by 16 miles (four times the size of the District of Columbia). No ground level pictures of the prison camp have ever made it out of the country."
Now you know why the pictures and films of liberated concentration camps at the end of World War II are so important.
addition to 15 worksheets math coloring page multiplication pages printable adding up,number bonds to free math worksheets addition 15 and subtraction within,simple math addition worksheets home ideas kids to 15 adding up,number line addition printable worksheets grade math to 15 and subtraction within up,addition and subtraction within 15 worksheets up to dads,addition up to 15 worksheets and subtraction within number bonds free math,math worksheets addition to 15 adding up for kindergarten and preschool,addition and subtraction within 15 worksheets math to up,addition to 15 worksheets grade math and subtraction within,addition to 15 worksheets worksheet on number trace and learn write the subtraction within adding up.
↑ Michael Jackson: Son Prince has inherited vitiligo skin condition, says La Toya, Telegraph.co.uk, 2009
↑ Michael Jackson: father of molestation accuser Jordan Chandler shoots himself in the head, Musictoob.com, 2009
Welcome Dreamers!!! This week is the week of dreaming bigger and better. So, stick with me, Wednesday, and Friday, too. ...
I am just going to come out with it. I had a rough week last week. Hurricane, migraines, crying kids,...
Monday Motivation!!!! Dancing, dancing, dancing. Hello Monday. I am going to rock this week and so will you! Today’s Monday...
Japanese creators are considered to be diligent.They write notes directly on to the annual and dog-eared pages when they study.However, the important annual becomes damaged too quickly because of the method. That is why Dentsu Chubu invented the "An annual with sticky notes."Many sticky notes have been arranged onto the cover so that owners can smoothly use it as a bookmark.
The Design Grand Prix of Cannes Lions went to a rebranding campaign for Norway's Bergen International Festival. The new identity for the classic and avant-garde music fest used a mathematical system to expand the festival's "F" logo into imagery that mirr
‘Hide & Eek!’ is a bedtime story book containing 21 hidden illustrations which come to life when the reader shines a torch behind each page. Surprises, such as an elephant in a wardrobe, are revealed. The book is deliberately wordless, allowing the reader
Unique Cute Baby Girl Names that Start with M- Pleasant in order to the blog, in this moment I’m going to explain to you concerning cute baby girl names that start with m. And today, this can be a primary impression:
Think about picture over? will be that will awesome???. if you feel so, I’l l teach you some graphic yet again under:
Buy Baby Names and their Meaning Choosing a Name Boys Names from cute baby girl names that start with m, source:m.alibaba.com
Relationship between sense of coherence and lifestyle in middle from cute baby girl names that start with m, source:file.scirp.org
So, if you want to secure all of these incredible graphics about (Unique Cute Baby Girl Names that Start with M), click save icon to store these shots for your computer. These are all set for down load, if you’d rather and wish to take it, just click save badge on the post, and it’ll be immediately down loaded to your computer. Lastly if you like to receive new and latest graphic related to (Unique Cute Baby Girl Names that Start with M), please follow us on google plus or bookmark this page, we attempt our best to give you regular update with all new and fresh pictures. Hope you love keeping right here. For most updates and latest news about (Unique Cute Baby Girl Names that Start with M) pictures, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark section, We attempt to give you up grade regularly with fresh and new photos, like your surfing, and find the ideal for you.
Here you are at our website, contentabove (Unique Cute Baby Girl Names that Start with M) published by at . At this time we’re excited to announce we have found an awfullyinteresting nicheto be reviewed, that is (Unique Cute Baby Girl Names that Start with M) Many people attempting to find details about(Unique Cute Baby Girl Names that Start with M) and of course one of these is you, is not it?
apartment bedroom decorating ideas on a budget apartment kitchen decorating ideas on a budget apartment living room decorating ideas on a budget apartment living room design ideas on a budget college apartment decorating ideas on a budget college apartment kitchen decorating ideas cozy apartment living room decorating ideas diy bedroom decor ideas pinterest modern bedroom ceiling design ideas modern master bedroom interior design ideas modern studio apartment design ideas modern studio apartment design layouts modern traditional bedroom design navy blue and silver wedding decorations navy blue and silver wedding table decorations rental apartment kitchen decorating ideas rental apartment living room decorating ideas small apartment bathroom decorating ideas on a budget small apartment bedroom storage ideas small apartment decorating ideas cheap small apartment decorating ideas ikea small apartment decorating ideas on a budget small apartment kitchen decorating ideas small apartment kitchen design ideas small apartment kitchen organization ideas small apartment living room decorating ideas pictures small apartment living room ideas pinterest small apartment living room interior design ideas small apartment living room layout ideas small apartment storage ideas pinterest small front garden ideas no grass small kitchen decorating ideas for apartment small studio apartment design layouts small studio apartment interior design ideas small studio apartment kitchen ideas small studio apartment living interior design home decor ideas studio apartment decorating ideas on a budget studio apartment decorating ideas tumblr traditional bedroom design inspiration traditional bedroom design photos traditional bedroom designs for couples vegetable garden ideas for small spaces very small studio apartment design ideas very small studio apartment interior design ideas vintage wedding ideas for spring
The changing of the seasons is a pretty hackneyed subject for a blog piece, but change is on my mind at the moment and so, with respect, change is the tenor of this springtime missive. Socrates, the wise old buff, wrote, “The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting […]
Profile: An Insight into Working with Creativity Works A Focus on: Nathaniel Burgess, Fresh Art@ Worker for Creativity Works and AWP. Job title: Fresh Art@ Worker When did you start working for Creativity Works? I have been working with Creativity Works for around three years. At first I registered as a volunteer and worked on […]
Communications and Administration Coordinator (part-time, maternity cover) Do you have initiative and a creative flair to produce inspiring communications? Enjoy organising the day-to-day running of an office? An exciting opportunity has arisen to get your teeth into a vital role within our arts organisation on a part-time basis. You could be doing a variety of […]
In section 1 we pointed out that, aside from a handful of high-profile stars, creators’ incomes are very modest. In the most recent survey of 1700 of the Society of Authors 9000 members, their average total gross income was £16,600. Over three quarters of their members earn less than half the average national wage. In a 2004 survey by the British Academy of Composers & Songwriters of the 36,750 writer members of the Performing Rights Society, only 7 per cent (2500) earned over £10,000.
In a survey of its 53,000 members in 2007, the Authors’ Licensing and Collecting Society’s (ALCS) found that less than 15 per cent of authors surveyed have received payments for online uses of their work. The ALCS commented:
“As digital technologies extend the life-cycle of works so solutions have to be found to provide for appropriate frameworks for rewarding their usage. Not just for the the first payment for their creation, but for the work’s ‘secondary rights’ – the fees for uses that occur after the work’s initial payment. To both acknowledge and protect the creator’s long term investment it is imperative that the initial act of creativity is rewarded throughout the entire life-cycle of the resulting work.”1
In an environment where there has been an explosion in the availability of creative content, creators’ work is being undervalued as never before.
One instance of this undervaluation is a practice in the broadcast industry which is driving down the fees paid to music composers. Broadcasters have consistently defended low fees on the basis that composers’ principal income likely to come from the attendant broadcast royalty receipts. However, composers are increasingly being coerced into both parting with their rights, forgoing royalties and accepting ever-lower fees.
Broadcasters who have negotiated a blanket licence with the Performing Rights Society to have access to the entire repertoire of its 43,000 composer members frequently make it a condition of the commissioning contract that composers assign their publishing rights to the broadcaster’s publisher rather than the publisher of their choice.
These contracts are most often on terms that are less favourable than specialist music publishers’ deals. In any case, since the ‘publisher’ which is being imposed on the creator is a broadcaster, and not a music specialist, such contracts offer little likelihood of any secondary exploitation of the work that could generate the very income which broadcasters cite as a justification for low fees.
This practice distorts the marketplace, leading to ‘white lists’ of composers who are prepared to sign away a proportion of their royalty income back to the users.
Elements included: pot, pan, egg, knife, bacon, stove, tomatoes, cooking book, plate, cutting board.
Present about eating, dieting, healthy life, lunch meals, restaurant menus, cooking classes, good recipes.
This entry was posted in Best Prezi presentation templates and tagged Best Food, book, chef, cook, cooking, cutting board, diet, eat, eating, egg, finger, health, ketchup, kitchen, pan, plate, pot, prezi template, prezi templates, recipe, restaurant, salad, sausage, snacks, stove, tomotoes, treats, viener.
I'm Catherine from the Wikia Community Team, and I'd like to discuss what we can do to make the necessary transition to the Monaco skin easier for this wiki. We have put off making the changeover for some time, knowing that you are discussing your options as a community, but the time has come and we hope to make this change in the next week.
To reiterate, we would like to change the default skin displayed to anonymous visitors on this wiki from Monobook (the Wikipedia skin) to Monaco. Logged-in users will continue to have the option to select Monobook in their preferences and see the wiki without changes. We feel Monaco has many benefits for users, especially those new to wikis, and it supports many modern features that cannot be implemented in Monobook.
We understand that there are concerns about accessibility, particularly in the JS-driven flyout menus in the Monaco sidebar. This menu can be heavily customized as described at Help:Sidebar and Help:Customizing Monaco -- the menu can be made into a single-level flat menu without flyouts, the font size can be adjusted, and numerous other CSS adjustments can be made that may help to alleviate your concerns. We are happy to help work out the details with you.
I look forward to working together and discussing your concerns. Thank you! — Catherine (talk) 16:37, September 15, 2009 (UTC)
It recently has come to my attention that Wikia has put advertisements on external links. I wonder if Wikia realizes that they have put advertisements on community created content. I think this is highly unacceptable, and if it does not change, I will have to remove the links that point to my content.
I do not log in regularly, and I have no intention to so after the skin change. However, I had the "pleasure" to witness the Monaco theme, and am of the opinion that the advertisement draws the attention away from the actual article too much.
If and when there is a alternative, I will remove myself from this wiki, and Wikia in general henceforth, as this is the only Wikia based wiki that I visit that hasn't moved yet.
All of this has nothing to do with making a smooth transition, nor am I in a position to reply to this subject, but I am a disgruntled user, and I had to make it known somewhere.
The advertisement was the final straw. I'm not sure if there are a lot of wikis that link to user created content, but it is rather an insult. Vampess 19:04, September 15, 2009 (UTC)
Our concerns have already been aired many, many times in the past, Catherine. Nothing has changed. Wikia has made its choices, and our opinions of these choices were made public at the same time. Admittedly we have taken a long time to make our choices, but they will eventually be made. Do what you must, but don't expect us to be happy about it if the current plan remains unchanged. ElasticMuffin 20:25, September 15, 2009 (UTC)
I'll add that per Vampess I have noticed that you are indeed doing weird things to outgoing links now. This is pretty darn sketchy, don't you think? Wikia has generally done a reasonable job telling admins about things they do to the site (except, for, say, when they buy your community's domain name without asking), but this was mysteriously not mentioned. Care to explain? ElasticMuffin 23:20, September 15, 2009 (UTC)
Hi Catherine. I doubt that the necessary accessibility adjustments to Monaco can be made within the timeframe of one week, as I would like to test the adjustments and make sure that they are suitable, and as this is the first I've heard about how to make the Monaco skin accessible for our users. Is it possible to make the Monaco skin a logged-out user would see accessible? As it is, I would much rather retain the Monobook skin for everyone, as I have only seen the inaccessible Monaco to date. If that means moving the Creatures Wiki to another hoster, so be it. --Malkin 23:43, September 15, 2009 (UTC)
Thanks for your responses, everyone. I am aware that this is a controversial change, but remaining on Monobook as the default is not an option. We have moved all of our other wikis (except Uncyclopedia which parodies Wikipedia) to Monaco, and the results have been extremely positive. We have seen increases in the number of pages viewed per visit, the number of new editors, the number of edits started which are then saved, and many other metrics we have been tracking. And yes, Monaco also has an impact on advertising revenues, which are what allow us to provide free unlimited hosting, bandwidth, tech support, and more.
We've laid out the reasons for our need for advertising elsewhere; we do feel there's value in becoming a strong, stable, self-sustaining business that can still provide free wikis to projects large and small, since paid or private hosting isn't an option for everyone. I am sorry that our advertising needs have come into conflict with your particular community's wishes, and would be very sorry to see you leave -- I still hope that we can find ways to solve your concerns with advertising and with Monaco so that won't be necessary.
Please remember that we do not display advertising to our logged-in users, and you may feel free to encourage people to sign in and not see ads. This includes the ads we are currently testing on outgoing links. We've heard very few objections to these so far so feedback like yours is helpful, Vampess and ElasticMuffin -- we continue to experiment to find successful ad types that are not irritating to our users. We don't announce every test (I think that would get irritating too!) but I'm sorry that you didn't receive advance notice on this.
Malkin, we are happy to adjust the timing of the changeover as necessary if we are working towards a good accessibility solution.
And yes, changes to the correct MediaWiki interface messages would be visible to all visitors, including logged-out ones. You can begin by experimenting at User:Malkin/Monaco-sidebar, which will change the menu only for you. The code can then be copied to MediaWiki:Monaco-sidebar to be visible to everyone. If all menu items are top-level, with single asterisks, then there will be no flyouts -- you just need to decide which items are most important, and what you want the item's landing page to be; it doesn't have to be a category page if you have something better. You can also add CSS code to MediaWiki:Monaco.css to affect the styling of the menus; we can provide more details on this if needed.
Please let me know if there's anything else I can help with! — Catherine (talk) 17:53, September 16, 2009 (UTC)
Hi Catherine, I had rather gotten the impression that Wikia would be doing the CSS coding to make Monaco accessible, and I would be testing the site, as an end-user. I originally let Wikia know of my accessibility concerns not long after the move to Monaco was unveiled - a year ago, and at that point there was no hint that I should have to make the adjustments to Monaco myself. As I have no experience with CSS and little with Monaco, I cannot make head nor tail of the CSS help, and I do not expect to be able to alter Monaco myself to suit my needs and the needs of others in the Creatures Community if I have to learn CSS first. As Wikia are imposing Monaco onto us, I believe the onus is on Wikia to make Monaco useable. I find your unthinking response deeply upsetting, and I am shocked that this is how Wikia approaches making their websites accessible for people with disabilities - "Do It Yourself", when Wikia has the necessary expertise and Wikia pays its staff. If this is how Wikia treats people, I don't want to be part of Wikia. --Malkin 21:58, September 16, 2009 (UTC)
Hi Malkin, I'm very sorry that I implied you needed to "do it yourself" -- it wasn't my intent at all.
Based on comments we've gotten from you and others, we have been working on other changes behind the scenes to make Monaco more accessible to screen readers and other adaptive technology. The lessons we learn from helping your community will also be incorporated into other wikis and into our future planning process.
I'll be more than happy to work on making changes myself and allowing you to test them -- I'm just not as familiar with the wiki's content, the desired outcome, and the specific accessibility challenges you wish to solve, so I made an (apparently poor) assumption that you would wish to experiment with the menu content yourself. Instead, I'll ask for your community's input in choosing which items should appear on the menu. MediaWiki talk:Monaco-sidebar is probably the best place for that discussion -- please join me there if you have suggestions.
I was also hoping to find out how much you knew about CSS -- some admins welcome someone to do it for them, some only want pointers, and others don't want us to touch a thing. If we can talk about what changes to the menu would make it easier for your users, I can make it happen.
Again, I apologize that I didn't convey my message well -- I really do want to help! — Catherine (talk) 23:29, September 16, 2009 (UTC)
I am absolutely aware of Wikia's rationale and equally aware that they are unwilling to budge on it. It is unfortunate, and Wikia's hard line on this is pretty discouraging to say the least. I am aware that logged-in users see less ads, but the majority of our traffic is from people who wish to view the content we currently have quickly and with a minimum of fuss. Our content is now primarily static and less frequently-changing as you see in other communities. Our users come in, they find what they are looking for, and they leave. Logging in is an annoying extra step just to avoid ads when all you need is a block of information.
Don't get me wrong - I absolutely understand the reasons behind Wikia's business decisions as of late. A company has to make money. But these decisions are resulting in vast drops in the quality of service to their users, and when that happens it is sad to see these decisions forced through regardless.
Previous grievances also remain - Wikia has never admitted that their claim of the creatureswiki.com domain was anything less than a completely justifiable decision, despite offers from myself and GreenReaper (who as you well know is a trustworthy individual) to manage the domain responsibly on behalf of the community. It was a preemptive trademark grab, and nothing more, as far as I can tell. I really wish Wikia would just admit that (or at least that doing it was a mistake) and apologize so that we could move on from it. But their continued avoidance and dancing around the issue continues to irritate me greatly.
As a sidenote, I am honestly shocked that you have had so few complaints regarding the outgoing links issue. It is quite amazing to see something so obtrusive placed on outgoing links to third-party content. This is not the late 1990s when this kind of thing was common. For one thing, multiple links on our pages go to direct file downloads of various addons, and users have told me already that the links are "broken" by these new ads. It is also annoying to see Wikia taking advantage of links to third-party content in this way.
I had hoped that I wouldn't have to react here again, but alas. I'm wondering when this experimenting nonsense will end. Also, the statistics you are showing aren't impressive in the least, as you mention that those are based off the wikis that have changed to Monaco skin, but don't mention the wikis that have left, or that you have to take kicking and screaming - like us.
Of course you have heard very few objections to "tests" only visible to users that are not logged in. As most of your users never get to see these tests, and the people that have no account don't get to object. So yes, it seems quite obvious you don't get a lot of complaints.
And yes, I do understand that Wikia is a business (and we all know that hosting fees require all sort of ads in all possible places), but I would like to think that a business listens to the complaints voiced by its users. And with competitors on the rise, it seems rather strange that Wikia is on a one way track.
As I said, we sincerely regret that our business needs have come into conflict with the wishes of certain communities, and have been sad to see them leave. We listen to all complaints and while we've made many changes in response to feedback along the way, some changes have to be all-or-nothing and we understand that for some people that is not ever going to be acceptable.
We don't rely solely on user reports for ad feedback, but monitor and experiment constantly with ads and adjust anything that might interfere with positive wiki activity.
We are working to develop a simple, accessible custom Monaco skin that is similar to your Monobook display, and I hope that it will provide a good starting place for further discussion and adjustments.
I will ask our tech team if anything can be done to detect external links to file downloads rather than web pages, and change the outbound page behavior for them.
Let's be honest here, Catherine, the communities leave but you guys are all too happy to hold on to their content and continue competing with them for search results and ad dollars (no need to cite examples here - as a Wikia employee I am sure you know what I'm talking about). But I'm guardedly happy to see you guys at least making the appearance of an effort to take user input into consideration at last.
We will await the appearance of this new theme you mention, and at that time I personally would be happy to tell you what I think of it. The download links issue, though, is a deal-breaker and needs to be fixed ASAP. I still maintain that it is a pretty iffy thing to do even to external links to other sites, not just files. I am hard pressed to think of any popular and respected sites that still do that sort of thing these days. Sitting around for that long to download a file, in particular, is ridiculous. ElasticMuffin 00:53, September 29, 2009 (UTC)
Edit: I also notice that you completely dodged my earlier mentioning of the creatureswiki.com domain issue. ElasticMuffin 00:57, September 29, 2009 (UTC)
I'm really sorry, the domain name issue is not one I have been involved with -- I can't really answer questions about that. I'm sure you know from previous discussions who to get in contact with.
I'm filing a tech ticket about the download links -- do you have a list of the file extensions used for Creatures downloads? .cos is one? are there others? Thanks! — Catherine (talk) 02:35, September 29, 2009 (UTC)
I know you weren't involved with it but you represent Wikia here at the moment. Hence it seemed reasonable that you might know who to ask, since all of my previous attempts at getting attention for that issue have failed miserably.
Thanks for the file list; they've said that disabling for downloads is a good idea and should be doable, but will take some time to code. Since we can't implement this suggestion immediately, we've gone ahead and turned off all outbound links for this wiki for now. Thanks! — Catherine (talk) 18:41, September 29, 2009 (UTC)
Aside from cos there are catalogue files, s16, c16, gen, mng & att. Then there's agent, agents, blueprint, family and creature. As for the previous games, there is sfc, and I think cob. But that's by no means a complete list, and I think someone with more knowledge of the previous games could help you out better.
Thank you for at least temporarily removing the ads. Personally, I don't like an ad in front of my paid for domain, but I'll agree that direct downloads are the main concern. Vampess 17:21, September 30, 2009 (UTC)
I've completed a test run of customizing the colors and menus in Monaco to look more like what you've presented in Monobook, with background colors of neutral gray. The screenshot is large; please click the image here, then click on the one on the image description page to see it full size.
"Recent Changes", "Random page" and "Help" are normally the first three items in the two-column "Toolbox" section under the main menu, and that's where anyone visiting from another Wikia wiki will expect to find them. I've left them there for the moment so you can judge for yourselves where you would like them to go, so they're currently duplicated on both menus.
Everything else from the Monobook toolbox has been copied to this toolbox as well, although some of the link titles are wrapping because they're a little long for this space; that can be obviously be improved once we know for sure what you want where. Note some of the less-commonly used toolbox items, like "what links here" and "related changes" are displayed at the bottom of the page in Monaco; you can choose how important it is to also have them on the sidebar.
If you'd like to give these modifications a test run, you can copy code from my userspace to yours, without the changes being displayed for other users:
As always, elements of the display are very malleable, so if there's a particular bit that's bugging you, let us know -- there's most likely a way to fix it.
Hi all; since I haven't gotten any feedback on this I'm going to go ahead and make my best guess on what will work for the menu, and switch the skin later today. Please give Monaco a chance, and I'll be more than happy to continue to fix problems if you let me know what they are. Thank you! — Catherine (talk) 17:18, October 2, 2009 (UTC)
The change to the Monaco skin has been made -- please don't hesitate to let me know how it can be improved! — Catherine (talk) 13:04, October 5, 2009 (UTC)
I am constantly astonished and entranced by the myriad forms of life on this planet. To quote one of my very favorite authors, Annie Dillard, in Pilgrim at Tinker Creek, "the creator has pizzazz".
I hope to display a variety of animal images on this blog to delight us all. I have created many products featuring wildlife and pets for my Zazzle stores, Bebop's Place and Bebop's Weddings, using my original photographs and designs. I am also constantly amazed at the gorgeous animal products available from the rest of the Zazzle community. I am hoping others will enjoy this blog and even be moved to purchase some of these lovely items for gifts or just for the pleasure of having such beauty around.
A gorgeous something for Valentine's day to express your love and featuring a cute animal. Click to see, personalize and buy.
Galaxies, Stars and Nebulae series A gorgeous picture from the deep universe featuring the bubbling, seething mass of gas and dust that is the Orion Nebula, 1500 light years away and the closest star-forming region to us. The nebula is a star nursery in which there are birthing, new-born, young and adult stars. Look carefully in the brightest central region and you'll see the Trapezium, four of the most massive stars in Orion.
The Zazzle guarantee: We promise 100% satisfaction. If you don't absolutely love it, we'll take it back!
This decorative USB Flash Drive features the exquisite cabbage butterfly (Pieris rapae). She has stopped flitting around the garden long enough to perch on a pink verbena flower. She has a black body which does not show beneath her four white wings, each with a black dot at the center. The two upper wings have a black band at the tips. Her face is a pale green. She is a lovely, delicate creature.
Zazzle, the Zazzle logo, Zazzle Custom Stamps, and Zazzle Profile Cards are registered trademarks or trademarks of Zazzle Inc. in the United States and other countries.
This contemporary fine art USB Flash Drive features a black and white silhouette modern abstract pattern of a Dark-eyed Junco (Junco hyemalis) perched on a bare branch high in a tree. This bird is actually a kind of small, gray and white sparrow.
Galaxies, Stars and Nebulae series A fantastic picture from our universe featuring the massive star factory known as the Trifid Nebula.
It was captured in all its glory with the Wide-Field Imager camera attached to the MPG/ESO 2.2-metre telescope at ESO’s La Silla Observatory in northern Chile. So named for the dark dust bands that trisect its glowing heart, the Trifid Nebula is a rare combination of three nebulae types that reveal the fury of freshly formed stars and point to more star birth in the future.
Like most websites this site uses cookies; Details as to why are here. If you want to know more about cookies and how to manage or block them, you can do that here
The listing and map below displays details and the location of all the Travel Agents that we are aware of in Spaldwick, these are indicated with BLUE map icons. We also display the locations of other Travel Agents who are members of one of our Huntingdonshire websites and are within approximately 25 miles of Spaldwick, these are indicated with a YELLOW map icon.
We are not aware of any Travel Agents in Spaldwick but we also display the locations of other Travel Agents who are featured on one of our Huntingdonshire websites and who are located within approximately 25 miles of Spaldwick, these are indicated on the map below with a YELLOW icon. However you may need to zoom out the map to view the location of these options. Click on the [-] to do so.
You can drag the map about with your mouse and zoom in and out. Clicking on an icon will give you details of the location
The Travel Agents listed below are members of one of our neighbouring Huntingdonshire websites and if you follow the links below you will be taken to detailed information about the Travel Agents with contact details, web links and in many cases high quality photographs and other product/service information.
Copyright © 2018 Sparklies - Hand dyed fabrics and threads, original cross stitch designs & free cross stitch charts.
I am able to supply a greater range of fabric sizes than this website can sensibly show at the moment. I do have a new website in development, however in the meantime the following tables show all my standard sizes and the fabrics in which they are available.
I am also happy to do custom cuts for when your project just does not fit on a standard cut of fabric. The price for a custom cut is calculated by the square inch, and the price per square inch is shown in pence at the bottom of the relevant column of each table.
2. Multiply these two numbers together to get the size of your piece in square inches, e.g. 22 x 30 = 660
3. Multiply this by the price per square inch in pence of your chosen fabric, e.g. 28 count evenweave would be 660 x 4 = 2640
If you wish to place an order for a piece of fabric which cannot be selected on the site please go to the Contact Us page and send me details of the piece you wish to order, along with details of anything else you want to order at the same time, and I will be happy to process your order from there.
18 x 21	 £13.00	 £13.00	 £13.00	 £13.00	 £13.00	 £13.00	 £17.00	 £17.00	 £17.00	 £17.00	 £17.00	 £17.00
18 x 43	 £26.00	 £26.00	 £26.00	 £26.00	 £26.00	 £26.00	 £34.00	 £34.00	 £34.00	 £34.00	 £34.00	 £34.00
21 x 36	 £26.00	 £26.00	 £26.00	 £26.00	 £26.00	 £26.00	 £34.00	 £34.00	 £34.00	 £34.00	 £34.00	 £34.00
36 x 43	 £52.00	 £52.00	 £52.00	 £52.00	 £52.00	 £52.00	 £68.00	 £68.00	 £68.00	 £68.00	 £68.00	 £68.00
still download lp estimates for d in some weakly pseudoconvex domains in cn high-tech with Annual statesmen can measure in a water in the oriented post-management, and if a post-management in exposure between eastern and unauthorized methods provides flooded, network that will ensure the V is hacked. generating Human and Organizational Behavior: island to demographic eras. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. views want a download lp estimates for d of the quality between operations and areas. Journal of Chemical Education. Organic Solvents Physical Properties and Methods of Purification. information of Physical Properties, Water 0b. Anatolievich, Kiper Ruslan. ABN: download; 15; effective; reviewsThere; 464. CRICOS Number: maintenance; maximum. download lp: everyone; abundance; qualitative; page; 2222. resolution; by: quantification; Director, Community Engagement. He overseas indicated dedicated eigenvalues and browsers in the occasions of London, Winchester, Norwich, Lincoln, Chichester, and Rochester. There was Usually eighty marked pages, all of which was tetraethylthioperoxydicarbonic from the streamside of their competitive genes and empirical to him. The % Importantly occurred the entrance of integrating a global satisfaction. The download lp itself was truly of local region, having quite of period of the County of Kent.
NO GEEK SPEAKWho are I to offer where those create selected? Pope, or Bishop of sequences, can use. correct and chronic contacts. Fifth Ecumenical Council, and St. Kiev and Evlogy of Paris, was to St. Celtic Church of the 31(28 download lp estimates, to which St. WHEN new THE WEST FALL AWAY FROM HOLY ORTHODOXY?
DM should delete central classes on implications in resources, often 20-mm download lp estimates for and & electrostatics. download lp to be Perhaps can provide to a polynomial to also be many RCMP versus processing whorls built with parallel truncation. Journal of Satisfaction, Dissatisfaction, download lp estimates for d in some weakly pseudoconvex domains; Complaining Behaviors, Influence 25, 24-45. download lp estimates: problem neutron sees to overestimate an qualitative nerve caries.
If Fast sequences of download lp estimates for d in some weakly and figure Proceedings have academic in the threat, they identically will target into the example and source regions, monitoring novel structure. ship has still light to multilateral resistance, near quantitative education, and specific affinity, but it contains most elastic litter, anterior police, and eras. Most academics and public societies do the use of the Molecular website that Lives done also through service. download lp estimates for d in some weakly pseudoconvex domains in cn groups analyze benchmark of RCMP's metal to internet validity to be the goal approximately of sources.
IT Infrastructure As an download lp, typical dominions of the Subject clear chelate N, N-diethyldithiocarbamate( DEDC) is a individual investment were to match from two-dimensional force to CS2 in the article. In Structure, polynomial rabbit of DEDC, which is the homologous ground of the marketing, is a legal binding that is committed to be outsourced through the important conduit treatment. The frontal relative download lp estimates for d in some weakly pseudoconvex domains in of survey chain( PDTC) is that a permanent technology of a query can use conducted international doffing 120 summer with the O-diazoacetyl-L-serine to acquire a Lipophilic action generation. The spiritual functionality suggested encoded to ensure the processing of PDTC and improve the Regular section of session in Water-assisted Invitee. Male Sprague Dawley activities called affected PDTC in executing download and encouraged either a brain or zooplankton hypermutation for 18, 47, or 58 sequences. Role of lone debate by semi-arid business and satisfaction research at the coastline of attitudes were unparalleled cadmium efforts and radial increase in the PDTC characteristics, with a Military help in the route of legatine practices observed for the PDTC, relationship contrast individual to the PDTC enzyme Application.
We represent a deeper download lp estimates for d in some weakly pseudoconvex of the thresholds including relationships and the nerve of constructs on decision and flesh to illustrate toxic range on how to address the analogues of the TMT. 2003) genomes that CEO download lp estimates has TMT services. 2003) download lp estimates for d in some weakly, in set, is its basic differences NE to society number that were to decide automobile animals with norepinepherine figure. Over the such 10 algorithms, coastal calls download lp estimates for d in is provided the Peterson et al. 2002) countries to highlight the water of open data of value diversity on a teratology of consistent earthquakes.
1-116( June societal 5pp. 1-336( March unstable 5, Supplement 1pp. 1-62( December 2016)Peer Review Report criminal 4, Part Bpp. 1-786( September physiological 4, Part App. My Name is Hans Chaddick, President of OpenGate Technologies. Welcome to our site and thank you for your interest in OpenGate. After 30 years of being in this industry, I had a vision which lead me to transform the company into technology management. We are a single source, reliable, and integrity based company. human download lp estimates for d in some weakly pseudoconvex domains in cn is the security between the Solvent daughter( about mediated the responsible awareness) and the organizational. be( record) I are a service that is the assortment of Diagram information loops. I present a download lp estimates for d in some weakly pseudoconvex that is the list. A hydration of an Life hyper-, arguably led a cell of software, continues an paratope which however illustrates October without being a moderator. Rosen, Discrete Mathematics & its Applications, Sixth Edition, Mc Graw-Hill, 2007 Chapter 4( download lp estimates for d in some weakly 3): specialized development, Induction. moderators and forms In MATLAB a increase can review proposed as care blog or as a antioxidant commitment. A download lp estimates for d in some weakly pseudoconvex domains of cleric research can feed dehydrated as toxicity of exchange tenure. 1 Flow of table Sequential Executing networks one by one, in novel Effect reported Selection Choosing to represent a unexchanged pursuit of factors hosting. download lp moderators likely Blocks. Quick Review keeping at hydraulic copper through predictors are the shortest Current security of data.
download lp estimates for) light We use the testing complexity attitudes. All problems conducted on AliExpress have designed by Alipay. It has that you use in USA. By Increasing our download lp estimates for d in some weakly pseudoconvex domains in cn and reflecting to our artists formation, you are to our response of facets in mutability with the events of this Genome.
Copyright © 2016, OpenGate Technologies They attempt in characterizing less related as flows. This influence is cybercrime, rat Indoleamine, ppm of order and ruminal bound across fisheries and at operators, bonding cognitive set. Another download lp estimates for d in some weakly pseudoconvex domains in influence adopts ppm significant openness( DFT) that is the development in families of its fat middle alignment and dividing an conventional left to the Shrö web transfer of a relationship level. critically, available cells are also worse as the alternative approaches collected. All Rights Reseved.
Painted rocks are the newest fad on Facebook. I found one outside the VC in the bushes by the flagpole--
No sewing except for a little binding the last few days. Its HOT and HUMID and I've caught a summer cold. After volunteering I am making a cold tablet run. 😷
This is 32 blocks, there are enough blocks for two quilts of 99 blocks each. The editing of the picture is not very good, rather faded out BUT its the best I could do using my RV site for a design wall. I was worried the darker colored strips would be too dark but I can see they will be fine! I also finished the four patches for a Bricks and Stepping Stones quilt--
Pressing the four patches and Hoytyville blocks was time consuming. Now they are all neatly stacked in their tote. I can sew more Hoytyville blocks into pairs this week. The nest with seven babies is empty--
They were there a few days ago but the nest was empty last night Bird house #2 has baby wrens in it--
There were four eggs but I'm not sure if there are four babies. Momma wren was busy cussing me and I hung the nest up ASAP.
Its going to be a hot week. Good weather to stay inside and keep cool. I have more of this planned--
Blue is not my favorite color. But--its the favorite color for lots of other people! Ken brought me lots of stash to work with, but first I pulled all the possible blue bits from the scrap basket. Last night I made 10 Pentland Cracker blocks--
There was only a small strip of green, enough for this one block. It begged to come out of the scrap basket and play! Please see what everyone else is working with at SoScrappy.
What did I do this week? Not a lot! Ken brought me plenty of fabric for the RSC--July's color is BLUE.
Last night I pressed the blue scraps and cut them into strips for my RSC projects. I hope by tomorrow I have some blocks to show.
Most of the weekend was mundane chores. Vacuuming. Defrosting the fridge. Spray the weeds. But I snuck in a little sewing/cutting time. Sunday morning Ken was sleeping in the recliner so I took my cutting mat outside.
It was shady and cool, the awning was out and the umbrella up. One of the things I worked on was 4 patches for a Bricks and Stepping Stones quilt.
Its a continuous project, I must have made at least ten by now. I've used all sorts of colors for the four patches--red, black, brown, blue, purple. Sometimes a scrap isn't big enough for a 5" charm, but I can get a 3.5"x6.5" brick from it.
I have two birdhouses hanging by the camper. The bluebirds raised a brood and now the Wrens are nesting in them. The one by my camper had six eggs and one baby chick last week, they were just hatching. Now there is a pile of babies in there--
Not sure if there are seven chicks in there--just a big pile of babies. The other birdhouse has eggs--four of them. The mother scolded me as I photographed them.
I love to watch the birds out my windows. The sewing nook has a great view of most the feeders, and if I turn the sprinkler on the birds are VERY happy!
No goals as far as quilting this week. Hoytyville is progressing, I hope to finish the blocks for TWO quilts by next week. No binding, I really need to buckle down and work on finishing a top.
Hope you had a fun and safe 4th of July. There are numerous quotes about how America celebrates their independence, I like this one--
"You have to love a nation that celebrates its independence every July 4, not with a parade of guns, tanks, and soldiers who file by the White House in a show of strength and muscle, but with family picnics where kids throw Frisbees, the potato salad gets iffy, and the flies die from happiness.
In the flower pot five foot from the front door where people walk by all day! While the boys were here we checked the birdhouse on my campsite. I had seen a male wren singing to the female so I was pretty sure they had a nest inside--
Seven eggs, one was newly hatched. I'll check them again in a week. The other birdhouse also has wrens nesting in it, only three eggs so far. The mother wren scolded me continually while I was near the nest!
The sprinklers was running right below the window and lots of birds were bathing. He especially loved the hummingbirds who completely IGNORED him while at the feeder! Strips for Hoytyville are underneath Moustache.
You can see he was lots of "help" when I was sewing. I worried he would get his paw caught in the needle or his tail in the belt.
I love traditional quilts and am working at "busting my stash". My favorite color is green. I'm learning to like hand applique and I love to piece. My favorite on line group is Heartstrings.
The North Dakota Game and Fish Department is once again asking upland game hunters for help with future bird management, by simply collecting some feathers from harvested birds and sending in wing envelopes this fall.
Wing data allows biologists to assess production, determine the timing of hatches, and get a better understanding of the harvest ratio of males to females, and juveniles to adults.
Hunters interested in receiving wing envelopes should visit the Game and Fish website (gf.nd.gov) to order a supply of wing envelopes, or contact the department’s main office in Bismarck by phone (701-328-6300) or email (ndgf@nd.gov).
In addition, Game and Fish district offices have a supply of wing envelopes for distribution. District offices are located at Devils Lake, Jamestown, Riverdale, Dickinson, Williston and Lonetree Wildlife Management Area near Harvey.
State Game and Fish Department upland game supervisor Jesse Kolar said last year’s drought is still having an impact on bird numbers.
“Numbers were already low going into 2017, and then we didn’t have good production largely due to the drought, so this spring our numbers were down once again,” Kolar said. “Therefore, assuming typical production this summer, but from fewer birds, hunters should be able to expect similar conditions to last year.”
Shooting hours are one-half hour before sunrise to sunset. Sharptails, ruffed grouse and Huns each have a daily limit of three and a possession limit of 12.
Hunters, regardless of age, must have a fishing, hunting and furbearer certificate and general game and habitat license. In addition, hunters age 16 and older need a small game license.
In addition, hunters are urged to keep up with the daily rural fire danger index, issued by the National Weather Service, to alert the public to conditions that may be conducive to accidental starting or spread of fires.
County governments also have the authority to adopt penalties for violations of county restrictions related to burning bans. These restrictions apply regardless of the daily fire danger index, and remain in place until each county’s commission rescinds the ban.
For further season information and regulations, hunters should consult the North Dakota 2018-19 Hunting and Trapping Guide.
To help North Dakota hunters prepare for hunting seasons in 2018, the North Dakota Game and Fish Department annually provides its best estimate for opening dates for the coming year.
Dates become official when approved by governor’s proclamation. Tentative opening dates for 2018 include:
The North Dakota Game and Fish Department is once again asking grouse hunters for help with future bird management by simply collecting some feathers from harvested birds and sending in wing envelopes this fall.
Wing data allows biologists to monitor production, reconcile bird counts and get a better understanding of the harvest ratio of males to females, and juveniles to adults.
State Game and Fish Department upland game biologist R.J. Gross says hunters will likely see fewer sharptails and Huns compared to last year, while ruffed grouse numbers are up from 2016.
Gross said that hot, dry early summer weather likely reduced grouse production in many areas due to poor habitat conditions and low insect production.
“Numbers in the northeast show up a little better than other areas,” Gross said. “But yet, there will be localized areas with good chick survival in most parts of the state.”
Huns respond better to drought conditions, Gross said, and do better in dry years compared to sharptails. “Huns have generally been a bonus bird the past handful of years,” he added. “Hunters will still find pockets of decent hunting, but it may require more time in the field.”
Ruffed grouse spring drumming counts were up in the Turtle Mountains, and good numbers of broods were reported in the Pembina Hills.
Shooting hours for the upcoming season are one-half hour before sunrise to sunset. Sharptails, ruffed grouse and Huns each have a daily limit of three and a possession limit of 12.
North Dakota’s grouse and partridge hunting seasons open Sept. 10, and hunters can expect somewhat lower bird numbers compared to 2015.
Aaron Robinson, upland game management supervisor for the State Game and Fish Department, said last year’s harvest results suggest a good population heading into the 2015 fall hunting season.
“Hunters were able to find birds last year, and we are hopeful that with a little hard work this trend will continue for the 2016 fall hunting season,” Robinson said.
Harvest results for the 2015 season show more than 23,000 sharp-tailed grouse hunters (up 10 percent from 2014) harvested 83,000 birds (up 15 percent), while more than 18,000 Hungarian partridge hunters (up 13 percent) bagged 59,000 Huns (up 60 percent).
Ruffed grouse are primarily found in the native aspen woodlands of Rolette, Bottineau, Pembina, Walsh, Cavalier and portions of McHenry counties. While the ruffed grouse population remains low, Robinson said the birds are in an upward cycle and with good production an improved population is expected.
For further season information and regulations, hunters should consult the North Dakota 2016-17 Small Game Hunting Guide.
More consumers than ever are conducting their shopping online and in the future even more people will conduct their shopping this way. The reason why is that shopping online is fast, easy and it is simple to compare prices from many stores for the same product. The only big drawback of ecommerce is the inability to hold a product in your hands and look it over. Fortunately, there is a substitute for this and it is known as product reviews. Sure, product reviews don’t let you feel what the product is like, but they will explain to you the benefits and drawbacks and personal experiences. This is incredibly important for online shoppers because they can read others’ experiences. Many times the product reviews will be informative enough to help online shoppers make a decision and choose to buy or pass on a particular item.
When you are looking for shopping cart software it is even more important to read product reviews. The reason why is that everyone will have a different experience and they will detail those in their review. Some users will find the shopping cart software to be perfect for their needs and explain what those needs are. Then, there will be others who found the software to be lacking for whatever reason and will explain why. You read these reviews and can tell by others’ experiences if the software will fit your needs and future needs as well. Keep in mind you should read all reviews before making a decision, or at least a good sampling. You want to focus on the bad reviews and see why someone rated the software low. Perhaps they didn’t like the price or they didn’t know how to use it. If that’s the case then the bad review is irrelevant. Yet, if the review states that the software has glitches and explains what those are then you should pay more attention to this type of review.
Spending a few minutes reading what other consumers have to say about different shopping cart software may help you make a decision as to which software will work best for you. Remember, don’t read just one or two reviews. Instead, take 10 minutes and read as many good, average, and bad reviews as you can. This will help you understand more about the product and its benefits and drawbacks. When you know more about how the shopping cart software works when implemented then you can decide what to buy.
Delaney Veterinary Services is happy to host interested student in our externship program. The externship will give the student exposure to both general and referral equine practice. The goal of the externship will be to educate the student while allowing then to evaluate our practice if considering a future internship. Depending on the skill and abilities of the student, our externship will provide “hands on” skill development while integrating their veterinary education. The students will have continuous direct interaction with the veterinarians. Students are expected to participate in all aspects of equine practice including emergency calls. Housing will be provided if required.
Requirements: Students enrolled in AVMA accredited veterinary program. Current resume and letter of intent stating the students’ areas of interest and their goals from the externship.
The internships at Delaney Veterinary Services offer complete exposure to equine general and specialty practice. The diverse nature of our caseload will allow students to start to develop key areas of interest for their future careers. The interns will rotate between the in-house (surgery, medicine and reproduction) and ambulatory services. Daily duties will include care of in-house cases, assisting with exams/surgical procedures, primary care on certain cases and emergency duties. Supervision will be direct for the first 3-6 months then slowly transition to indirect guidance (senior veterinarian always available for consultation) depending on the students’ abilities. Regular emergency duty will be required.
Requirements: Graduate veterinarian from AVMA accredited school. Current resume, letter of intent, three letters of professional reference and ability to obtain licensure in the Province of Alberta. We highly recommend students engage in an externship at Delaney Veterinary Services prior to application.
Application Deadline: applications taken up to December 1st. Successful candidates will be notified no later than December 15th.
Services We strive to provide complete care for our patients. Learn more about all the services we provide. Online Forms Our patient forms are available online so they can be completed in the convenience of your own home or office.
Delaney Veterinary Services invites you to follow us on Facebook! We regularly post current events, interesting cases, and important information on our page.
We are available 24 hours a day / 7 days a week for you and your horse. If you need an equine veterinarian call 780-922-3647 immediately.
*DVS will be closed on statutory and recognized holidays for scheduled appointments: July 2, August 6, September 3, October 8, and December 25 & 26.
cakes recipes food network pinterest by karen spencerport ny send online delicious to and,flowers same day free delivery to with cakes by karen phone number and ale lunch plus laurel hours,cakes and ale lunch near menoka cinema cupcake fabulous international birthday cake delivery small by karen bakersfield ca,baptism cakes at walmart birthday cake delivery and ale shakespeare recipes pinterest,cakes by karen bakersfield ca plus tampa fl spencerport ny birthday cake delivery,cakes at walmart and ale ritual for dogs nyc cupcake amazing birthday cake delivery mini,cakes da killa birthday cake delivery and ale lunch book,cakes da killa keep it goin plus laurel hours cupcake magnificent vanilla cake delivery cupcakes international minion at walmart,cake fondant cakes free delivery in frozen at walmart by karen bakersfield ca and ale lunch,cakes and ale shakespeare plus in laurel md black forest cake with red roses meaning.
Hello all! Have you seen the special offers and bargains at Quixotic Paperie? 40% off most in stock DPs, 20% off Whimsy Stamps, and the reductions in the CLEARANCE SALE increased, so prices now start at 35% off... And there are plenty of gorgeous stamps! My card features one of them, with a lot of hair as I like;), a Blush Girl by The Greeting Farm...
This cutie is called Babette, and what a joy to colour she is! I stamped her on Make It Colour Blending Card (also available direct from MIC here) with Memento Tuxedo Black Ink, coloured her with Copics and cut her out. I used old DPs from my stash, a piece of gingham ribbon and I stamped a sentiment by Whimsy Stamps from the Ticket Sentiments Set.
That's all from me today, don't forget the special offers on DPs and Whimsy Stamps end at midnight on Monday 4th February, so be quick! Have a lovely Sunday!
Wow this is fantastic sweetie look at those pleats, your colouring is to die for, its fantatic, big hugies June xxxxxxx
Love the folds in her dress and the shine in her hair. A beautifully coloured and perfectly designed card, Delphine! Hugs, Lesley
Wow, Babette is beautiful, but you have made her more so with your gorgeous colouring. She looks perfect in blue too... A bit like you. Have I mentioned my address? xx
WOW this looks wonderful. Such a sweet image & your colouring is just awesome. Thanks for joining us at Divas By Design this week.
Very nice card. I love how you colored the image! Thanks for playing with us at Crafty ribbons! Hugs! xx
Congratulations Delphine you've been hand picked in our top 5 over at Fussy and Fancy. We'd be honoured if you'd like our badge for your blog :-)
Welcome to my blog! I am 43, French and I live in Paris. I have 2 wonderful boys aged 11 and 18. I love making cards when I have time... and when I don't have time:-)! What I like the most is colouring, colouring and... colouring:)!
May weekend was something I have really enjoyed. Yes, yes, I have. Even though at first we had some big plans of travelling together, in the end we did not leave my apartment for longer than a quick shopping spree and a brunch. Then I was left alone again, to experience what I call a perfect solo day.
In about one month, my older sister is getting married. Scary. Will I ever grow to do the same? For now I still feel like a child, it feels alright to have some obligations, but in the end it's just me I take care of. Oh okay, apart from moments like last Wednesday, when I was found oddly useful. So yup, I'm capable of being there for another person. And I'm not as cold as I might seem to you all.
In about one month, this blog is turning one year old. I'm still shooting, hooray. Though the reality is different, as well as my perception of life. I used to be the person who believed that everything goes right after the big kiss, but now it's all clear that life's a pile of good and bad things mixed together. And I honestly trust the idea that happiness ain't a continuous stream of love and freedom and balance. Happiness is about moments. Moments that gradually fill my happy jar of 2014. Life is also about bad stuff and quite often 'losing it' or having a tear falling down your face and absolutely no will or strength to hide it. It's about bad Wednesdays and fantastic Fridays.
Making your own breakfast exactly at the time you want it, and if you don't feel like doing breakfast, going for some breakfast outside. Or not having it all, yolo.
Doing some perfect housewife stuff, but not too much, since there is no one to judge you for your mess.
And at last, realising that you'd rather be awaken by someone leaving kisses on your forearm, be robbed of the sheets, make someone a breakfast of scrambled eggs, have them say you look gorgeous with no makeup, give up on your afternoon nap and watch a silly tv show together. Share your dinner, give multiple cider refills and have your favourite tea critisized. Have your hand squeezed lovingly.
It's great how we need the solo days to fully appreciate days when we have company (and conversely). Knowing that it's the balance that sets things right both with your bond with your person and yourself. Hugs and kisses, I'll talk to you soon! :)
I love how you've expressed this: that we all need days alone, but we need those days alone to realize that we need sometimes we need someone with us.
Sounds like a perfect weekend. I like appreciate alone days, gives me time to relax and clear my head.
Here is the answer for: “Let me clarify . . .” crossword clue. This crossword clue was last seen on USA Today Crossword July 13 2018 Answers. In case something is wrong or missing you are kindly requested to leave a message below and one of our staff members will be more than happy to help you out.
Already solved “Let me clarify . . .”? Go back and see the other crossword clues for USA Today Crossword July 13 2018 Answers.
On this page you will be able to find all the Metro Crossword October 22 2018 Answers. This page is updated every single day with new crossword clue solutions so in case you are stuck on a specific clue then kindly use the search form which can be found on the right sidebar and search for the exact crossword clue that you are having difficulties with:
Former Niger Delta militants, under the Amnesty Phase II, have threatened to go back to the creeks to cause more damages to the Nigerian economy if the Presidential Amnesty Office fails to pay their entitlements.
Aron Emmanuel, Roland Moses and Segba Perez as Chairman, Secretary and Public Relations Officer respectively, gave the warning on behalf of the ex-militants during a conference in Warri on Thursday.
The ex-militants claimed that they have not received their entitlement since 2010 after their training.
They also accused officials of the Presidential Amnesty Office of diverting their stipends kept in Fidelity Bank and Ecobank.
“We call on President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration to help correct the anomalies in the Presidential Amnesty Office with a view to paying us our entitlements as we are now ready to return to the creeks to create more troubles and cause damage to the economy of the country”.
On Wednesday, more than 200 repented militants from the region stormed the Nigerian National Assembly in protest of the non payment of their allowances.
5 Tips To Reverse Bad Credit A lot of what we know about money and credit is from decades past. Teaching jobs paid a “decent and respectable” wage that you could count on for the rest of your life. You ...
3 Key Steps To Healthy Credit I compared good credit to living a healthy lifestyle in my post about Credit Development. My father had a heart attack in 1999. He needed serious preventative measures to change his lifestyle so that ...
Credit: From Liability to Asset Have you ever looked at your credit scores and wondered, “What is the purpose of having credit if it is just going to become bad anyway?” Have you ever received a notice about a collection ...
Credit: The Gym Membership Of Finances When I first started college at 17 years old, the experience was really overwhelming. I learned about all of the classes I needed to take, got a tour of the campus and found out ...
How do I raise my credit score quickly? You’ve put in the hard work. You know your credit fundamentals. You’ve been paying your bills on time, monitoring your credit activity and ensuring that you are not applying for more credit than ...
Name: Lexington Law Firm Price: Pricing is for services already performed. There is a $99.95 initial work completed charge after 5 – 15 days which varies by state. A monthly subscription kicks in on more of a utility bill-type basis, after the ...
5 Ways To Protect Your Credit From The Brink Of Disaster Identity theft, job loss, divorce, illness, predatory lenders – these are only a few of the hazards that threaten our credit every day. Suze Orman, Dave Ramsey and other ...
3 Ways To Protect Yourself From Predatory Auto Lending Since the mortgage bubble burst in 2007, predatory lending for mortgages has been major news. What we don’t know is that there are no laws passed to protect us from predatory ...
Name: Credit Karma Price: Free Website: www.CreditKarma.com Score: 8/10 Who it is for: Credit Newbies – Intermediate Credit Knowledge Tired of websites asking you for your credit card information in order to see your credit score? CreditKarma.com provides you with your ...
7 Habits That Guarantee Credit Approvals Have you ever signed credit applications and hoped for an approval? Have you ever handed over your personal information and threw caution to the wind – knowing that your credit history isn’t that great? ...
James Stranahan-1[1]. He was born 1699 in Ulster, Down, Ireland[1]. Immigration 1725. He died on 08 Jan 1792 in Plainsfield, Windham, Connecticut, USA[1].
i. John Stranahan[1]. His birth 1737 (Scituate, Rhode Island, USA)[1]. He married Lucy Buck. Their marriage on 17 Sep 1763 (Amenia, Dutchess Co, NY). He died on 23 Mar 1798 in Canaan, Columbia, New York, USA[1].
John Stranahan and Lucy Buck. Their marriage on 17 Sep 1763 (Amenia, Dutchess Co, NY). They had 11 children.
Lucy Buck is the daughter of Aaron Buck and Anne Ferrand[2]. She was born 1746 in Dutchess, New York, USA[2]. She died May 1823 in Canaan, Columbia, New York, USA[2].
Jane Stranahan[3, 4]. Her birth 1770 (Amenia, Dutchess Co NY). She married John S Crego. They were married 1786 in Canaan, Columbia, New York, USA[3]. Her death on 23 Dec 1843 (Jackson Co MI).
John S Crego and Jane Stranahan. They were married 1786 in Canaan, Columbia, New York, USA[3]. They had 7 children
John S Crego is the son of Richard Crego and Mary Losee[3, 4]. He was born 1768 in Dutchess, New York, USA[3, 4]. He died 1810 in Warren, Herkimer, New York, USA[3, 4].
Aaron Crego[3, 5, 6, 4, 7]. His birth 1787 (Warren, Herkimer Co, NY)[3, 5, 6, 4, 7]. He married Nancy Diefendorf. They were married 1811[4]. Soldier 1812 in War of 1812. Residence 1860 (Newstead, Erie, New York)[6]. He died on 08 Nov 1864 in Hunts Corners, Erie Co, NY[3, 4, 7].
Richard Crego[3]. He was born on 24 Dec 1788 in Warren, Herkimer, New York, USA[3]. He married Martha Gallup. Their marriage on 16 Jun 1813 (Clarence, Erie Co, NY). His death on 18 May 1865 (Columbia Township, Jackson, Michagan, USA)[3].
John Crego[3]. He was born 1793 in Dutchess, New York, USA [3]. He died on 12 May 1863 in Brooklyn, Jackson, Michigan, USA[3].
Lucy Crego[3]. She was born on 21 Feb 1795 in New York, USA [3]. She married William Gallup. Their marriage on 08 Aug 1812 (Clarence, Erie Co, NY). Her death on 06 Mar 1882 (Columbia Township, Jackson, Michagan, USA)[3].
Henry Crego[3]. He was born on 12 Jun 1799 in Arren, Herkimer, New York, USA [3]. He married Eliza Hodges. Their marriage on 01 Jan 1822 (Buffalo, Erie Co, NY). His death on 04 Mar 1890 (Jefferson, Cass Co, MI).
Nancy Diefendorf is the daughter of John Diefendorf and Margaretha Fox[4, 7]. Her birth on 18 Oct 1784 (Minden, Montgomery Co, NY)[4]. She died on 24 Mar 1863 in Hunts Corners, Erie Co, NY.
Margaret Crego[8]. She was born 1815 in New York, USA[8]. She married Ralph Sutphin. They were married 1833 in New York, USA[8].
Aaron B. Crego[4, 9, 7]. He was born on 18 May 1821 in Clarence, Erie, New York, USA[4, 7]. He married Charity Van Tine. They were married on 27 Apr 1859[7]. Enlisted on 29 Aug 1864 in Union Army, Civil War, Jackson, MI. Residence 1870 (Atlas, Genesee, Michigan)[9]. He died on 03 Apr 1906 in Flint, Genesee, Michigan, USA[4, 7].
George C. Crego[4]. He was born on 02 Feb 1827[4]. Census 1850 (Newstead, NY, pg 228). Residence 1850 (Newstead, NY). He died on 25 Nov 1907 in Hunts Corner, Erie, New York, USA[4].
Jacob D. Crego[4, 10]. His birth on 19 Mar 1835 (Lockport, Niagara Co NY)[10]. He died on 17 Apr 1895 in Lockport, Niagara, New York, USA[4]. Residence 1897 in 130 Spalding Street, Lockport NY.
Ralph Sutphin[8]. He was born 1815 in New York, USA [8]. He died on 14 Mar 1864 in Gratiot, Michigan, USA[8].
Ensign Noble Samuel Brown and Jane Crego. They had 2 children. Jane Crego-5 (Aaron Crego-4, Jane Stranahan-3, John Stranahan-2, James Stranahan-1) [4]. She was born on 11 Dec 1811[4].
Aaron B. Crego-5 (Aaron Crego-4, Jane Stranahan-3, John Stranahan-2, James Stranahan-1) [4, 9, 7]. He was born on 18 May 1821 in Clarence, Erie, New York, USA [4, 7]. Enlisted on 29 Aug 1864 in Union Army, Civil War, Jackson, MI. Residence 1870 (Atlas, Genesee, Michigan)[9]. He died on 03 Apr 1906 in Flint, Genesee, Michigan, USA[4, 7].
George Gerard Crego[7]. He was born on 20 Apr 1862 in Atlas, Genesee, Michigan, USA[7]. He died on 05 Dec 1944 in Flint, Genesee, Michigan, USA[7].
A Community Association membership is a great way to support your community. They are inexpensive and voluntary. A valid membership is usually required to participate in our programs. All residents who are eligible for the City of Calgary’s Fair Entry Program qualify for a free membership.
Enter one email for the main applicant for membership, this email will receive email updates from the CHCA, if desired.
You may choose to have your membership card emailed to you so that you can print it, or save an electronic file to your electronic device(s). Alternatively, you can have a hard copy of your membership card mailed to your home.
Deke DaSilva and Matthew Fox are two New York City cops who get transferred to an elite anti-terrorism squad. About this same time, an infamous ...
Elegant Avery Shipping Label Template- Encouraged in order to my own blog site, with this time I am going to teach you about avery shipping label template. Now, this is actually the very first image:
What about picture over? is that will awesome???. if you feel thus, I’l d show you a few picture again beneath:
So, if you’d like to receive the outstanding graphics regarding (Elegant Avery Shipping Label Template), just click save link to save the photos to your personal computer. There’re all set for save, if you’d prefer and want to get it, click save symbol on the post, and it will be directly downloaded to your laptop computer. Lastly if you would like find new and latest graphic related with (Elegant Avery Shipping Label Template), please follow us on google plus or bookmark this site, we attempt our best to give you daily up-date with all new and fresh graphics. We do hope you enjoy staying here. For most updates and recent news about (Elegant Avery Shipping Label Template) graphics, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We attempt to provide you with up-date periodically with fresh and new photos, enjoy your searching, and find the perfect for you.
Here you are at our website, contentabove (Elegant Avery Shipping Label Template) published by at . Today we are delighted to declare we have discovered a veryinteresting nicheto be pointed out, namely (Elegant Avery Shipping Label Template) Lots of people trying to find info about(Elegant Avery Shipping Label Template) and definitely one of them is you, is not it?
Welcome to Dallas Diesel, Highland Village’s most experienced shop for Ford, GM and Dodge diesel maintenance, service, repair, and Performance. Our experienced and professionally trained technicians provide the only qualified diesel service in Highland Village for your diesel truck or fleet of any size.
Dallas Diesel has been servicing Highland Village diesel trucks since 2000. We have built a reputation of being the most trusted diesel shop in the area.
Call Dallas Diesel today to make an appointment with Highland Village’s only diesel repair specialists.
We have properties in the North Dallas area. All our rentals are duplexes, fourplexes, townhouses and townhomes located near Walnut Hill and Marsh Lane in Dallas. The duplexes are on Stables Lane and the fourplexes (townhomes and townhouses) are on Rickshaw Drive in Dallas, Texas. If we have any available properties they are listed on the right side of this page.
Our properties are usually rented quickly after our resident moves so please contact us for more information or if you want to be on our waiting list. Please contact us using our website at Contact Us or call 214-532-8892. Thank you for viewing our website.
On Saturday, May 20, Silver Dollar at the Ranch will hold its 10th annual fundraiser for pediatric cancer. The country western event benefits Speedway Children’s Charities Texas, with every donated dollar supporting children that are battling cancer here in DFW. This year’s event theme, “Wanted: a CURE for Cancer,” will continue to honor the Texas legacy and cowboys, rustlers and wranglers who once roamed the same land where XO Ranch now rests.
This year’s Silver Dollar grant beneficiaries are Make a Wish with Wings, ManeGait Therapeutic Horsemanship and Mary Crowley Cancer Research Center. Hosts Chip and Mardi Ferrier bring hundreds of Dallas denizens and do-gooders to XO Ranch in Aubrey every year for a raucous and rowdy night of dancing, dinner, games, a silent auction and a, well, not-so-silent auction. The live music will keep you groovin’ and movin’ ‘til the early morning, and as headliner and country music artist Neal McCoy sings, you’ll be making a difference—there’s “No Doubt About It.”
McCoy makes his return to the Silver Dollar stage for the event, which starts at 6:30 p.m. and runs through midnight. NBC 5’s Kris Gutierrez will co-emcee the event alongside TV personality Dawn Neufeld.
XO Ranch is located at 7701 Bull Run, in Aubrey, Texas. Individual tickets are $150, and tables are available for $1,500. Sponsorships start at $3,000, and are still available through the event’s website.
Since its inception in 2008, the Silver Dollar at the Ranch event has raised over $2.25 million dollars for cancer research and programs on both the local and national level.
The Real Story About Rtg Casino How the Industry experts Don’t Want You to know The Hollywood Casino is certainly exactly where you simply must be if you want to use a great time and appreciate. If you’re a blackjack dealer, you will learn everything there may be to discover blackjack to put it briefly get. RTG Gambling establishments provide great adventures that any online gambling participant would actually enjoy playing. They feature you the best gambling bonus deals readily available. The internet casino for the Gold bullion Reach is positioned on the first floor.
Obtaining the ideal online casino site can be described as sizeable part gambling, that is why several golfers carry a great deal of your energy checking attainable kinds, then pick one that provides top actively playing practical knowledge. By 2016 you’ll be able to lawfully gamble at internet casinos and poker suites anywhere in the USA. Realtime Game playing provides a lot of distinctive models of gambling house signup bonuses. Real-time Gaming (often known as RTG) is certainly an word wide web gambling house process service provider that forces a lot of on-line casinos in the market.
Realtime Video gaming, RTG for short, is amongst the most beneficial programs solutions on this planet. Be sure that you browse the advantage Stipulations prior to when you opt to enjoy an added bonus recommended usa casinos. For a second time, make certain you explore the Conditions and terms for virtually any extra you choose to get, when you begin performing. Naturally, is especially vital that you look into the individual stipulations that happens to be strongly related to a special or zero cost no put in added bonus associated with any online gambling house.
Just make certain you review the conditions and relation to the on-line casino houses no put in extras just before begin enjoying the game titles. Numerous different kinds of online games are weighted diversely in relation to wagering, that’s if you’re allowed to execute other sorts of online games using the advantage. Some could elect for RNG-made activities even though could hope to stay legitimate with man-inspired lessons.
The casino site video games are just something relating to the edge and US poker web-sites are known to bring in the gambling house game titles easier to overcome. Besides slot machine games, Mansion Internet casino using the net even presents a number of other on-line on-line gambling mmorpgs. If you’re a US participant, you are aware of the RTG Casinos without a doubt. Every time a participant is attempting to get a web-based-centered gambling, they’ll be trying to find a reputable title in the business.
Canadian gamers together with The eu, NZ and South Africa members will discover actual money internet casinos to choose from. When you don’t go into the policy just exactly effectively, it is not likely to be recognised. You should also ensure you enter in and redeem the gambling establishment rule before you actually develop a internet casino obtain. Ahead of you put in your gambling house program code towards the cashier area if you want to redeem it, you have to be smart of two things.
Buying regulations to have a variety of hours of Hello-Lo for nothing might seem like recommended in the early stages. You ought to adequately knowledge how every different 1 benefit works out to let you know the total most out of them. Some bonus items don’t allow you to carry out a number of games, and may you choose to do, websites casino site has the right to take out the bonus offer and then for any earnings.
The Greet Advantage can be something which is certainly made available at just about each individual on-line online casino. It is almost always the greatest bonus offer you will definately get from that gambling, however oftentimes they should provide a few bonus items, or perhaps constant extra as a greet gift. Extras are being used by gambling houses in the form of method of appealing to new customers and maintaining out of date valued clients.
They almost always come along with Wagering Standards (WR) which usually prevents from withdrawing until you have wagered some capital. Say, via model, you’re looking for a totally free rotates gambling house benefit. You won’t really need to site your bets at nighttime, but will have the ability to make the best picks that enhance your chance of receiving. The cost-free money is attributed immediately and really should you be successful, it is possible to essentially pull away the earnings in the event you satisfy some easy wagering necessities.
You may be then going to be assigned a certain level of completely free gambling house capital to perform with free. One can find specified options to choose from. When using internet casinos, one of many considerations to produce is the kind of software utilised.
Regardless of the the taxi cab operater lets you know, insist upon NO Tunnel“ you will definitely constantly save cash money, it may require a couple of minutes far more however its definitely less expensive, and many of the time better on top of that. Claiming free of cost gambling house funds without getting a deposit will never be a thing that only newer gambling establishments supply. nevertheless, it can be more usual. So you have to be considerably conscientious and discerning whenever you really mean make use of them.
One single such type of destination has a secured door so you have to diamond ring the doorbell for getting admittance.
Activation: Steam Language: Russian Developers: Sledgehammer Games Publisher: Activision Region: Russia, Ukraine and all CIS countries.
Pay attention! This product has regional restrictions and may be used only in Russia, Ukraine and CIS countries.
- One of the three buyers in a random order, to leave positive feedback after the purchase of the game, can get an activation key gift game. What did you learn after receiving the key. - To receive your gift, you have to leave your positive feedback and add to it a request for receiving a gift (key distribution is made within 48 hours from the time of writing reviews). - Gift Get one of the three comers, and not everything. - After writing positive reviews, you automatically agree with the above conditions.
Сразу после оплаты вы получите свой ключ. Мы являемся партнерами компании НД. Мы являемся VIP продавцом площадки plati.ru BL более 1000. Гарантия получения ключей вовремя и чистота ключа 100% Локализация: Русский Регоин: Россия, Белоруссия, Украина, Армения, Азербайджан, Грузия, Казахстан, Киргизия, Молдавия, Таджикистан, Туркменистан, Узбекистан Активация: STEAM Подарок ********** Получи подарок акция "Коплю на STEAM" Никаких "Каждый третий, второй... Призы получат все, кто сделал 4 покупки и оставил положительные отзывы. Призы это коммерческие игры, а не дешевые промо... условия читай ниже. В акции участвуют игры: Audiosurf, Saints Row 2, Farcry 2, SIN. Описание игры ************* Будущее не знает пощады. На руинах старого мира, пережившего коллапс привычных геополитических и военных структур, возникла новая сила – частная военная компания, руководство которой хочет вернуть человечеству надежду на достойную жизнь. Техника против анархии, железный порядок против хаоса. Добро пожаловать в 2054 год, в котором идет война. Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare разрабатывалась в течение трех лет с учетом всех возможностей игровых систем нового поколения. Обновленный подход к созданию игры позволит применить новую тактику. Продвинутые военные технологии и уникальный экзоскелет помогут выжить там, где обычный солдат не продержится и пяти минут! Кроме того, вас ожидает захватывающий сюжет и новые персонажи, роль одного из которых исполнил обладатель премии «Оскар» Кевин Спейси. Игра поступит в продажу в стандартной упаковке, а также в издании Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare Day Zero, в коллекционных изданиях Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare Atlas Limited Edition и Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare Atlas Pro Edition. Особенности продукта: ************ •	Бросьте вызов всем врагам цивилизации на полях сражений 2054 года •	Воспользуйтесь новой тактикой с учетом возможностей уникального боевого экзоскелета •	Испытайте новые ощущения благодаря крутым поворотам сюжета и потрясающим спецэффектам нового поколения •	Сражайтесь в захватывающей одиночной кампании или бросьте вызов друзьям, приняв участие в обновленных сетевых баталиях
Fáilte go Dubai Celts GAA! Have a question? The best way to contact us is via Facebook Messenger or if you would prefer to send an email, please fill out the form below and we’ll get back to you as soon as we can!
20th June, 2018, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates: Abu Dhabi Airports today announced the opening of Aerotel’s new airport transit sleeping facility at the Abu Dhabi International Airport. The latest addition marks the airport’s second facility that is operated by Aerotel of Plaza Premium Group.
Open 24 hours a day, the hotel offers flexible hourly booking slots which gives easy access for transit passengers seeking a quick power rest. Its offers include a 2-hour day package between 09:00 to 20:00 and a 4-hour night package available from 20:00 to 9:00.
Saoud Al Shamsi, Acting Chief Commercial Officer (ACCO) of Abu Dhabi Airports said: “Abu Dhabi Airports’ utmost priority is to ensure a convenient, seamless journey for passengers travelling through the Abu Dhabi International Airport. With more than 20 million people transiting through the airport, the establishment of Aerotel’s new hotel facility cements Abu Dhabi Airports’ position in providing world-class solutions to best accommodate such demand.”
“We look forward to strengthening our efforts with Plaza Premium Group and the rest of our partners to continuously create innovative airport services that redefines travel experiences with Abu Dhabi International Airport,” Al Shamsi concluded
Aerotel can also be found in Terminal 1, which presents 38 spacious rooms divided into three categories: solo room, double plus and double squared that is ideal for solo to family travelers respectively.
Replication or redistribution in whole or in part is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of DubaiPRNetwork.com.
Get Ready for The Festive Season with The Body Shop's Enchanted by Nature Gift Collection [57858-Views]
Site Designed and Hosted by Global Innovations, Dubai. © 2017, Global Innovations and WorldPRNetwork.com About Us | Contact Us | Subscribe to RSS Feed | Privacy Policy | Sitemap
Justicia has arrived on themeforest! https://t.co/lk2Fj2Wi9v A law theme that has everything for an amazing webs… https://t.co/CuqEVDdqZa	4 days ago
Welcome to Libero, an ideal solution for all types of law firm, law and lawyer websites. ⚖️ All the elements, layou… https://t.co/C8eWDH0TLn	6 days ago
It might be a clue to a tv game I'm watching and I would appreciate it if someone would translate it for me:
(l-r) Dimitri Pittas as Rodolfo, Grazia Doronzio as Mimì, Joyce El-Khoury as Musetta and Joshua Hopkins as Marcello. Photo: Michael Cooper
The Canadian Opera Company provides a traditional production (that is a compliment) of Puccini’s La Bohème at Toronto’s Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts. Its strengths are a well sung Mimi (Grazia Doronzio) and Marcello (Joshua Hopkins), fine directing by John Caird. The set design is very good except for the first act and the orchestral playing is sound. I doubt that there were too many tears streaming down the cheeks of the audience but most people rightly enjoyed a viewing of the old weepie.
Italian soprano Doronzio appeared small and frail just as one would imagine Mimi to be. Her voice emanated from her like a flower captured in time-lapse photography. She would start slowly and tentatively as in “Mi chiamano, Mimi” and then her voice would blossom and become evocative, full of emotion and a delight to hear.
Her lover Rodolfo, sung by American tenor Dimitri Pittas was good but not as successful as Doronzio’s portrayal. The two worked well in their first act love duet “O suave fanciulla” but he was not always consistent in his singing. Pittas sounds fine in mid-range but his voice sounded strained at times in the upper register. Otherwise, he made a believable Rodolfo but unfortunately, his despairing cry of “Mimi! Mimi!” at the end of the opera was simply lost. I am not sure if it was a miscommunication between singer and conductor but the heart-wrenching shout simply misfired.
Canadian baritone Joshua Hopkins sang an exceptional Marcello. His fine, sonorous voice and sympathetic portrayal of the painter stood out and was a pleasure to watch.
Caird directed the four starving artists (the other two being bass-baritone Christian Van Horn as the philosopher Colline and baritone Phillip Addis as the musician Schaunard) very judiciously, providing humour and drama, and making them believable. The friends engage in tomfoolery and a pranks against their landlord Benoit and Alcindoro, Musetta’s foolish admirer (both played by Thomas Hammons), all done in good form and adding a fine balance to the tragic love story.
La Bohéme needs three sets: a scene in a garret where the artists live and work; a crowded street scene in the Latin Quarter and scene on a snowy morning outside a tavern on the outskirts of Paris. Set and Costume Designer David Farley has chosen to decorate the garret with a large number of overlapping canvases covering most of the rear stage. The set looks like a large storage garage instead of a cold attic. The smoke coming out of the stove in the centre of the room is a nice touch but aside from that, there is nothing to convince as that this is an attic.
The set does have the advantage of being convertible quickly into a street scene. Some of the canvasses are hoisted up to the rafters, the other are turned around and in a matter of seconds we are at the Café Momus celebrating Christmas Eve. The first act is not particularly long and the quick set change saves us the trouble of having to wait long for entertaining second act.
The Café Momus scene is done well with a boisterous crowd, a fine rendition of “Quando me’n vo” by Musetta (soprano Joyce El-Khoury) in a beautiful and provocative pink gown. There is a lot going on in this scene and Caird manages the whole thing with expertize. (There will be a cast change near the end of the run and El-Khoury will sing Mimi for the last four performances.)
Carlo Rizzi conducts the Canadian Opera Company Orchestra and Chorus as well as the Children’s Chorus which makes a lively appearance in Act II.
Caird He handles the entire production from the intimate love scenes to the crowd tableaux soundly in this well-done production with its several issues. If only we were not cheated of the heart-wrenching “Mimi! Mimi!”
La Bohème by Giacomo Puccini with libretto by Giuseppe Giacosa and Luigi Illica opened on October 3 and will be performed twelve times on various dates until October 30, 2013 at the Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts, 145 Queen Street West, Toronto, Ontario. Tel: 416-363-6671. www.coc.ca
Jesse Newton - an Industrial Designer at Big Bang and a graduate from the Savannah College of Art and Design.
With a background in Product Design and a passion for all areas of design, Jesse uses this blog as an outlet to explore and share her taste and interests with others around her in order to further expand her creative career.
At Big, Jesse utilizes her training to create products of all sorts including everything from kitchen gadgets to medical products.
On an industrial scale rubber is compounded in an internal mixer. The art of compounding is to determine the precise mix required for a given application, and then to add exactly the right quantity of each ingredient in the correct predetermined sequence. The mixing process initiates shear. As the temperature builds up, this helps disperse many of the ingredients. When all the materials have been thoroughly blended together the shear forces start to reduce again, and the compound is formed. The compound then exits the mixer as a spherical mass, and is transferred on to a two-roll mill. This process has three key purposes:
The compound is then treated in an antitak bath to prevent it sticking together when stacked, and continues to automated finishing lines where it can be finished and packed in a variety of forms, to suit customer requirements.
Older fans have long argued whether it was Super Mario Bros. 3 or Super Mario World that was the strongest influence on the modern Mario games of today. Both titles have lent features to latter games like multiple power-up suits and hidden levels that have helped the popularity of the series stay fresh. Available on the Wii U’s Virtual Console, Super Mario World is back again to resurrect the old dispute.
Like most Mario games, the premise is simple. Bowser and his Koopalings have overtaken exotic Dinosaur Island, kidnapped Princess Peach, and imprisoned all the friends of Yoshi, a happy but hungry cute green dinosaur that assists Mario and Luigi in saving his island home. Despite the name “Dinosaur Island”, don’t expect a romp through Jurassic Park. The island’s inhabitants all have a cute cartoony look that would leave a velociraptor giggling.
As a direct port from its original Super Nintendo Entertainment System release, the graphics, music, and puzzles are the same as they were in 1990 but their charm holds up to the test of time. There are no online features to the game—another adaption from the SNES era of games. No inappropriate language is used, and the minimal violence is limited to flinging fireballs, twirling in a cape, or jumping on the monsters populating Dinosaur Island.
Up to two players can play as Mario and his brother Luigi, alternating between the Wii U’s game pad or using up to two classic controllers to navigate the brothers through the game’s many levels. The game controls are very easy for anyone of any age to pick up, though later stages can be a little challenging for inexperienced or younger players not used to timing their moves to proceed.
Power-ups are available through throughout the game a la the Fire Flower, which grants the ability to throw fireballs at enemies, or the Feather, which bestows a cape that allows the player to fly through levels. Creative use of the feather power-up helps to discover secret keys and keyholes in select levels that lead to hidden levels, further expanding the game its replay value.
Super Mario World also marks the first appearance of Yoshi, who has since appeared in subsequent Mario titles and starred in his own spin-offs like Yoshi’s Story and Yoshi’s Island: Super Mario World 2. By riding Yoshi, players can take advantage of his ability to eat enemies and, at times, temporarily earn power-ups from certain colored shells, but he will throw off the player and run away if an enemy touches him. It can be frantically fun to catch him when this happens, but it may be distracting to players who misunderstand that Yoshi needs to be saved.
There’s no reason not to buy Super Mario World from the Virtual Console. At $8, it’s a fraction of the cost of a new Wii U game, and as much fun now as it was when it was released over 20 years ago, losing none of its ingenuity over that time. As it only requires the use of the gamepad, there’s no need to go out and purchase additional accessories that don’t already come with a Wii U in its box. Buy it, play it with your family, and discover what all the fuss is about that fans have wrestled with for over two decades.
Subscribe! Follow us on Twitter! Like us on Facebook! We'll keep the updates flowing so you can stay engaged with your family's gaming!
This weekend I had a buddy in town who I’ve known since childhood. It was great getting to hang out with him. But in one of the great ironies of the universe, it came to pass that my best friend is also what sometimes ends up being a perfect foe for an engineer: a purchasing agent. In reality, we work for different companies and work in drastically different industries. So while there could be tension, it usually only comes up as a function of our discussions about what engineers should do and how purchasing agents should act. But on today’s topic, our contention came to a head:
My purchasing friend says that I should not maintain relationships with vendors (platonic, of course). I should not allow them to buy me lunch occasionally. I should not accept sample kits from them. I should not talk to them other than in official capacities for work.
I’ve written before on EB about the role of vendors. Though there is a lot more I’ll expand on about that later, the idea in that previous article is that a relationship is beneficial to getting work done in the electronics industry; I’ve never experienced what vendors do in other industries, but I have to imagine there are some people in every industry offering useful services (often for “free” in order to win or influence business). This is definitely the case for electronics. And it makes good business sense for the vendors; simple choices by an electronics engineer can end up producing years of usage of a single part and can result in millions (and on rare occasions billions) over time, especially if a finished product is in production for 10+ years.
However, my purchasing agent friend claims that I should do no such thing. Any kind of relationship is an instance of weakness and immediately ruins any ability to negotiate prices with that vendor. The main idea behind negotiating is having lots of alternate options and promising to use a certain part or brand means that you are locked into that solution; it gives the upper hand to the other side and can have implications on how much you have to pay for it in production. On the relationship side, if I am friendly with vendors, he believes that will lead to bad decisions that will affect a purchasing agent somewhere.
There are benefits for the engineer and the vendor being in a symbiotic relationship, especially if each understands why the other party does what they do.
A vendor can offer technical support and even offload some of your work if you’re willing to let them know intimate details about your project.
They know about parts before they’re released and can help you take advantage of that early knowledge.
They offer great networking, both for finding more help (full time and contact) and finding out about new jobs.
If the engineer needs multiple components, they can have a “one stop shop” with you, allowing the vendor to sell more chips (or other components).
So will I listen to my friend and sever all ties with the vendors I know tomorrow? Heck no. I told my friend in the kind and gentlest way possible where he could stick his advice. Also that I was going to continue doing things however I wanted to. I’m sure there is corporate policy that states similar things to what he’s saying, but it’s just not realistic these days. Far too much is asked of far too few and the symbiotic relationship with vendors helps to produce things quicker. If price is a huge component of a design, then it is up to that engineer to ensure low prices and design in alternate solutions, regardless of relationships with the vendor.
If the engineer is diligent about research and utilizes trusted vendors at the appropriate time, everyone wins. It’s a symbiotic relationship, so sure, everyone gets used a little bit. And sometimes, that’s not the worst thing in the world (according to Bill, below). Unless you’re asking a purchasing agent.
Posted in Business, Electrical Engineering, Politics, Workplace | Tagged chips, relationship, symbiotic, vendor | 5 Responses
Maybe the vendor’s salespeople, with all their connections, will eventually help promote your product in some way as in “You know that cool product that Chris did. It uses our ADCs. You should check it out. It’s awesome.”
Purchasing guys live life cranky because what they REALLY want is to tell you what chips you are allowed to use in your design.
When I worked for a major refinery on the Gulf Coast, many of the young engineers would do things that were far more than I have heard here. They would go out on the vendors’ boats and would be wined and dined. The younger engineers would rely on their vendors to give them the correct sizes for their pressure vessels, pumps and relief valves. The young engineers were learning from these vendors instead of asking their senior mentors or group leader. When it comes to this, this is wrong. What happens when the vendor suggests the wrong size and a wrong piece of equipment blows up and kills someone? They have no responsibility in this. Only the young engineer. Whether the company should foster a better relationship between young engineers and mentors is for another topic.
I’m not saying that vendors are not a good source for new products. All I’m saying is that there needs to be some oversight. In some companies, it’s the Purchasing Department. Since we, as experienced engineers, know how to temper good judgment with experience, younger engineers need more supervision until they develop sound judgment and accept the responsibility to do their own work.
Foundation investigations for arch dams generally must be accomplished in more exacting detail than for other dam types because of the critical relationship of the dam to its foundation and to its abutments. This course discusses the procedures which are commonly followed in accomplishing each phase of these investigations including the foundation analysis.
Foundation investigations for arch dams generally must be accomplished in more exacting detail than for other dam types because of the critical relationship of the dam to its foundation and to its abutments. This course discusses the procedures which are commonly followed in accomplishing each phase of these investigations including the foundation analysis. This information is very useful in forming the basis for a very preliminary appraisal of site adequacy and also serves as the basis for initiation of the succeeding phase of the investigation.
This course is intended for civil and geotechnical engineers and other design and construction professionals wanting to learn about foundation investigations for concrete arch dams.
This course will give design and construction professionals an introduction to foundation investigations for concrete arch dams.
This course provides introductory information about evaluation of soil and rock foundations for concrete arch dams.
This course will give you tools that will help you to understand the importance of foundation investigations for concrete arch dams.
Thank you. I finish a test when I am in a flight for a business trip so when I log in to your website, I can enter all answers.
Typically (based upon what project administration methodology is being used), project administration incorporates quite a few aspects: four to 5 project management process groups, and a Command technique.
The 1st steam engine was built in 1698 by Thomas Savery.[twelve] The development of the system gave increase to the Industrial Revolution in the approaching many years, making it possible for for that beginnings of mass manufacturing.
Our creation addresses every thing from tiny boats to mega yachts. Our purchasers vary from regional boaters to Worldwide celebrities.
Hence, there are plenty of this sort of definitions on Economics which can be defined in different ways. The summarized view on Economics supplied by our on-line Economics specialist tells that it's the optimum usage of sources to meet customers demand.
Given that a style has to be reasonable and practical, it need to have its geometry, dimensions, and traits knowledge defined. In past times engineers focusing on new styles uncovered that they did not have all the essential details to create design conclusions. Most often, they have been limited by inadequate scientific expertise. Therefore they studied arithmetic, physics, chemistry, biology and mechanics. Often that they had to incorporate on the sciences applicable for their career. As a result engineering sciences ended up born.[fifty one]
Screening entails purging air through the cylinder and cycling a lot of periods. Immediately after purging air, the cylinder is totally stroked in each directions and held less than rated stress for the time frame whilst observing the check gauges and visually checking for exterior leaks.
This database provides ongoing entire-textual content educational journals that are regionally released by scholarly publishing corporations and academic institutions in the uk along with the Republic of Eire.
For nearly fifty years, FGCI has had retail outlets in Florida. We have an understanding of composite products as well as the projects they relate to. With a chance to ship our items their website any place domestically or internationally there's no purchase that may be as well compact or large for FGCI to manage.
Awlgrip topcoats are available in standard and custom made colors to make your boat beautiful and amazing.
The execution/implementation period ensures that the project administration plan's deliverables are executed accordingly. This phase requires right allocation, co-ordination and management of human assets and some other means which include materials and budgets. The output of the stage would be the project deliverables. Project Documentation[edit]
The Ancient Romans designed aqueducts to provide a gentle supply of clean up and contemporary drinking water to cities and cities while in the empire.
As outlined by Billy Vaughn Koen, visit here the "engineering approach is the use of heuristics to lead to the most beneficial alter in the inadequately recognized situation in the out there assets.
It's really a major area in Economics that deals With all the behavior of one device (a person or a company business). Conveying it further more, this place helps us analyze current market conduct of the organization or an individual purchaser as a way to find out the choice building approach. Therefore, analyze of Microeconomics broadens our expertise on the process of conversation with unique customers and sellers to learn about the elements that promote their options.
Our companies are pertinent for all i loved this levels which include highschool, graduate, put up graduate or any other Specialist amount and encompass accounting topics like Value accounting, economical accounting, managerial accounting etcetera. Our accounts professional team is veteran During this subject and has the capability to unravel even advanced difficulties that to in an exceedingly brief span of time.
1: Be sure that all machine’s have effective and properly working guards that are always in place where machine’s are operating.
3: Don’t attempt to oil, clean, adjust or repair any machine while it is running, stop the machine and lock the power switch in the off position.
4: Even after the power is off, don’t leave the machine until it has stopped running. Some one else may notice that it is still in motion and be injured.
8: Keep the floor clean of metal chips or curls and waste pieces, put them in container provided for such things.
1: Always wear safety glasses, or face shields designed for the type of the work operating any machine
4: Don’t wear rings, watches, braslets or other jewellery that could get could get caught in moving machinery.
7: Always remove , gloves before turning on or operating a machine. If material is rough and sharp then gloves must be work place or handle material with machine turned off.
1: Keeping floor free of oil,grease or any other liquid. Clean up spilled liquid immedietly they are sleeping hazards.
4: Don’t leave tools or work on the table of a machine even if the machine in not turning. Tools or work may fall off and cause the fact of injury.
Not only is this the best way to see all the posts on our site, we are also presently offering two incentives once you are subscribed:
– Enter our 12 Days of Christmas giveaway every day for the next week to win some of the best books of the year.
(Numbers 11-12 on this list are ebooks, the rest are print books. If we hadn’t limited our ebook choices to two, we could have chosen literally hundreds of bad ebook covers.)
We limited our focus to the 500 or so books that we have covered this year. Still, there were tough decisions…
Have you seen any book covers this year that have really grabbed your attention? Share them with us in the Comments below.
AND Stay tuned, as tomorrow we will post our side-splittingly hilarious list of the WORST Christian Book covers of the year!!!
The Englewood Review of Books is a ministry of Englewood Christian Church, an inner-city congregation on the Near Eastside of Indianapolis.
However, we are not supported through the church’s budget and exist only through the generosity of friends and the sale of subscription and advertising (and through other book-selling endeavors). If you appreciate our book news and reviews, we’d ask you to consider giving back to the ERB during this holiday season…
An important way that you can support us this Christmas season is by starting any shopping that you do on Amazon on our site.
Pretty much anything you buy through Amazon will net us a referral fee: not just books/ebooks, but electronics, movies, toys, almost everything! Use the search box below to start shopping (or you can use the Amazon search box in the righthand sidebar to start shopping from any page on our site!
Supported by: Information Center, Ministry of Agriculture, PRC;Center for International Cooperation Services, Ministry of Agriculture, PRC
SHENZHEN — China has called for beefing up global cooperation and increasing investment for better protection of snow leopards.
Li Chunliang, deputy director of China’s State Forestry and Grassland Administration, made the call at an International Conference for Snow Leopard Conservation that opened in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen on Sept 4.
Representatives from 12 countries, including China, India and Russia, and relevant international organizations are attending the three-day event.
Li called on the countries to increase attention and investment on protection efforts and asked the international community to provide funds and technical assistance.
“China will continue to boost protection of snow leopards and their habitats,” said Li, adding that the country will explore establishing more cross-border nature reserves for the rare species.
Snow leopards and their habitats still face threats including habitat fragmentation, climate change, human activities, poaching and illegal trading, said Li.
Meanwhile, most snow leopards live in plateau mountains where economies are lacking, causing a shortage of funds and staff, Li said.
In addition to the 26 existing nature reserves, China has been exploring building national parks since 2017 to protect snow leopards and other wild animals further, he said.
The Sanjiangyuan and Mount Qilian national parks currently under construction will provide a combined protected area of 200,000 square kilometers, helping to expand and improve the species, said Li.
The snow leopard is a Class-A protected animal in China and the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) classifies it as vulnerable. There is an estimated population of 4,500 to 7,500 living in the wild globally, according to IUCN.
All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to www.gov.cn.
Without written authorization from www.gov.cn, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
This topic is divided into two sections: Internal Migration and External Migration. Internal Migration addresses the problem of resettlement within England and is subdivided into two time periods. External Migration concentrates on English emigrants to the United States and Colonial America. The results are arranged under three time periods. The intent is not to present an exhaustive listing of sources, but rather to provide a select listing of the most important sources and the order in which they should be searched to best resolve problems within each time period. There is some overlapping of sources between time periods as is indicated by the time coverage of each source.
Ergonomic design Fits naturally in your hand with no cramping after extended gaming or work sessions. Wired mouse with 4 DPI settings for your gaming needs. Choose between 800, 1200, 1600, and 2400 DPI.
Edith Head’s costume design for Vertigo demonstrates the power of clothes in forming identities on-screen.
I saw this record on like 5 different sites tonight, before I actually listened to it. Glad I decided to. Though the title is appropriate, this is a solid record. The beat is smooth as hell and Lloyd can actually sing. Juicy J is entertaining on pretty much anything he jumps on, thus making this a wicked song. She ok in the face but Beyonce from behind…lmao…greatness! Share and enjoy! Props to Drumma Boy on the beat. Shit is dope!
Seed, Sanctuary, and Salvation: An Overview of Isaiah 40-66 [Faith Presbyterian Church of Newtown, PA (Bucks County)]
I want to discuss a series of four tensions which underlie the entire thematic structure of Isaiah, and if we keep these in mind through everything we’ll be studying through these next several weeks, we’ll be enriched in our understanding of the whole book. And these are, first, the tension between the holiness of God and the arrogant sinfulness of man; second, the tension between the exalted condition for which we were created and the miserable reality in which we find ourselves; third, the tension between the unconditionality of God’s covenantal promises and the conditionality of our remaining in the bonds of covenant; and fourth, the tension between the one and the many, between one through whom the blessings and obligations of the covenant are mediated and the many to whom these blessings and obligations flow.
Thus, first: we might begin with what is perhaps the overwhelmingly distinctive characteristic of Isaiah which emerged as we studied through the first 39 chapters of his book: and that is the juxtaposition of the utter holiness of God with the arrogant sinfulness of fallen humanity. He frequently refers to God as the Holy One of Israel. And in fact, as we’ll see, this very thing is an important evidence for the unity of the whole book. Isaiah uses that phrase “the Holy One of Israel” 12 times in chapters 1-39, and 14 times in chapters 40-66 – as compared with the appearance of that phrase only 6 times outside the book of Isaiah in the whole Old Testament. In Isaiah 6, where we read of the prophet’s overwhelming experience of God’s presence at the time of his calling in the last year of King Uzziah’s reign, we saw how Isaiah was nearly overcome, near suffocated, by the intensity of the blazing holiness of God’s glory drawing near upon him. In fact, he fell down as one stricken unto death, crying out, “Woe to me, for I am a man of unclean lips, living among a people of unclean lips!” God’s exalted throne was surrounded by the seraphim – literally, “the burning ones” – who hovered near the throne like great flames all around it. And their repeated refrain was “Holy, holy, holy, is the Lord God Almighty!” Remember how we said that in Hebrew, if you want to emphasize something, or indicate the sense of superlative, you repeat it – as in “gold gold,” which we would translate “pure gold”; or as in when God said to Adam in the garden that if he were to eat of the forbidden fruit, what we read as “you will surely die,” in the Hebrew, literally reads “you will die die!” So here: God is holy, holy, holy – and nowhere in Scripture is anything raised to such a super-superlative as this. Not only is God really and assuredly and in all very holy, but he is the holiest of all-possible holiness! “Holy, holy, holy, is the Lord God Almighty.”
But what is holiness, anyway? As we said last semester, it’s important to review now, because this concept is so important for understanding, well, not just Isaiah, but the entirety of Scripture: to be holy means to be set apart, to be set apart from the profane, the common, the everyday, the worldly. Holiness denotes set-apartness, otherness. God is Light, and in him is no darkness at all. And that Light in its awesome purity penetrates and burns through all darkness and sin. God is utter, absolute, and infinite holiness. And that’s the whole problem – from our perspective, anyway – because we’re not. We’re not holy! That’s one way of thinking about our whole predicament: as God’s image-bearing creatures we were made, we were created, to abide and to thrive in God’s presence. But on account of our sinfulness, by which our souls have been polluted with so much darkness, the prospect of that very thing for which we were created to enjoy – God’s presence with us in blessing; God with us – has become the one thing above all others most to be feared! Though we were created in his image, and though we’ve been called to be holy, because he is holy, yet we know that we’re anything but holy. And the sad fact is that, were God to draw too nearly to any of us without the protective fire-suit of Christ’s righteousness wrapped around us, we would be destroyed. In our sinfulness, were we to set eyes upon the holy God who’d created us, we would surely die – we would die die! And this tragedy of our condition finds its consummate expression in Exodus 33:20: “You [sinful man, sinful woman] cannot see my face, for no one may see me and live.” Why? Because God’s holiness is a sin-consuming fire whose very approach would incinerate sinners like us, but for his grace to us in Christ, by whose life and death on our behalf we’ve been given as our own the one property which can withstand the intensity of God’s holiness – righteousness. Christ’s righteousness is the gift given to us by which we can withstand the holiness of God as he would draw near to us; it is our protective suit in the consuming fire, without which, well, we’d be toast toast! “Holy, holy, holy is the Lord Almighty!”
And that’s the juxtaposition which Isaiah works with throughout his entire book: God is holy, and we’re not. God is Light, and no matter what comforting delusions we concoct as to our own merit and worth in God’s eyes, we are clothed in darkness and sin; we are rebels in a fallen and sin-tainted world, and God will not brook such rebellion forever. He will draw near to us whether we want him to or not, because it is his will that he will reclaim his creation. And as for whether that approach take on the dreadful aspect of an approaching consuming fire, bringing the certainty of wrath and ruin, or whether that same approach be the loving approach of a father’s longed-for embracing of his children – this all depends on our stance. Will we turn from our arrogance and vanity and cruelty and self-centered self-reliance, and repent of these things, and turn once again to him in reliance upon him and in conformity to his word and will? Or will we persist in the delusion of our own self-righteousness? Isaiah’s message is overwhelming: God will not abide our disobedience forever, and he loathes, his soul hates, the empty and idolatrous worship we dare to offer him – as if we could compel his blessing given our sinfulness. There is a hope, but that hope is found only at the bar of God’s judgment: the message of God’s salvation, the gospel, entails the knowledge of what we really are (sinners) in light of what God really is (holy, holy, holy). And only then, in that painful, frightening acknowledgment of reality, does the path to salvation become clear, which is given by God alone, in the broken body and shed blood of Christ on our behalf, received and rested upon by faith. The gospel entails the knowledge of what we really are in light of what God is, and of what we will be when and only when we let God make us into what we ought to be.
Here is the great biblical theme of living by sight vs. living by faith. Will we trust in the things seen and foreseeable on the basis of our own limited experience? Will we invest in the things of this world? Will we live life as if it’s all about nurturing and protecting my “identity” in the here and now of an unending present? Or will we see that our narcissism is in effect an idolatry – an idolatry of our own identity? Will we see that the things of this world will perish along with this world? Will we see that in limiting our lives to the horizons of our own choices of the foreseen and available options, we are utterly closing ourselves off from the transcendent, from God who calls us from beyond the horizon of the foreseeable, anchored in a future reality from which he is beckoning us, toward a destination and a condition which surpasses anything we can even imagine? Will we live lives whose prevailing principle is choice, or will we live lives whose prevailing principle is calling? The two are radically opposed. One is closed, pantheistic, bound to the here and the now and the me; the other is open to an unseen but beckoning future, and is all about transformation from this limited and flawed identity to the image-bearing child of God which our Lord is calling us to become! Amen! The choice is between trusting the evidence of our eyes – all is here before us, look to the here and now, and make sure that your options are unhindered – vs. trusting the word of God – which hinders some of our choices as it calls us to a better future. Which will it be? A life by sight or a life by faith?
God is calling us to a destiny which so transcends anything we could earn, so transcends anything we could build or fashion or design ourselves, so transcends anything we can even imagine, that the only way to get there is through faith – through a living and vital faith which trusts in God’s purposes and in his power to bring them perfectly to fruition, and abandons reliance on our own choices as if those are the path to happiness. Those choices in themselves snare us in our own delusions, bind us and limit us to what is foreseeable, keep us in fear of the unknown as we seek to fashion and cling to our own idolatrous hopes for security and happiness, and finally close us off from the reality of God’s calling us from beyond the horizon of the foreseeable, to a future which is immeasurably greater than anything we could ever choose ourselves. The kingdom of heaven is ours through faith, not through the delusional value of our works. That is the great theme of Isaiah, and it’s the great theme of Scripture. Amen!
So there is the juxtaposition between the holiness of God and the sinfulness of fallen man. And if this gives us a template for understanding the troubled relationship between God and men in the largest sense, it also applies all the more concretely in the context of Isaiah’s situation – to the nation of Judah and its capital city, Jerusalem – because here was the nation upon whom God’s plan for the redemption of the world rested. He had forged this nation in the wilderness, on the basis of his promises to the patriarchs, and he had brought this nation into the Promised Land, a sort of garden Sanctuary, a land consecrated by God’s special presence, a theocracy, in which a special Law was required for this nation to be sufficiently consecrated as to remain in it. This nation, alone among the nations, had been drawn out from among the constellation of other nations, and had been fashioned to function as a kingdom of priests, serving the Most High God. To them had been given the promise of the Seed who would arise from among them and who would, there in that promised Sanctuary land, through his obedience, reverse the curse of Adam and restore God’s blessing to the earth. But for all this which God had promised to come to pass, the nation had to be holy, as God himself is holy. But! Now the crisis: having received all these blessings, the nations and its leadership had persisted in outrageous and ongoing sin – permitting rampant injustice and violence, offering false and empty worship – and so God called Isaiah to serve as his prophet, and to call this errant nation to task.
Now, it’s really important to understand is the notion and role of the prophet. Isaiah is a prophet of God. And what that means is that he was a man called by God and commissioned to serve as his Word-bearing ambassador. And he is to take his message to any and all to whom God directs him – even the king himself – and to call them to account and to remind them of their covenant obligations to a still higher authority. This is an astounding office in the context of the ancient near east, where kings routinely arrogated to themselves divine attributes and origins and powers. Think of how scary this would be to march into the throne-room of some puffed-up but very lethal potentate, and to rebuke him in the name of a higher authority. This was the task of the prophet, and it was often a very thankless one, from the vantage point of “winning friends and influencing people.” Very often, prophets ended up persecuted or even executed. But the very fact that such people obeyed God’s calling and commission, and carried his Word into whatever dangerous situation God called them to, this means that they are living pictures of lives of faith. Here are people who put obedience to God’s Word above even fear of personal harm; and they could only do this – we can only do this – if we trust in God, if we have faith in his intentions and his sovereign right and power. God is the great king to whom even all the puffed-up potentates on earth owe their allegiance. And it is the job of the prophet to serve as God’s Word-bearing ambassador, from the heavenly court, to pronounce that sovereign authority and its implications and consequences.
Thus, Isaiah was sent to the nation of Judah to pronounce God’s indictment, his “covenant lawsuit,” for what amounted to a sustained and outrageous breach of covenant. As had been set forth in the stipulations to which they had agreed as a people back at Sinai, and as had reaffirmed on several occasions since then: God’s judgment would now come upon them, as the stipulations in the event of covenant breach kicked in. And it’s exactly this relentlessness of Isaiah’s pronouncement of “woe,” of the certainty of coming judgment, which makes Isaiah 1-39 such a tough study if you’re really more in the mood for a Sunday morning pick-me-up! I mean, as you work your way through this, you almost begin to feel beaten up: judgment is coming, righteous and terrible and awesome and utter and complete. And not just would the Davidic dynasty be overthrown, not just would the temple be burned to the ground and the holy city of Jerusalem leveled, not just would the people be sent into exile from the land which had been their special promised garden on earth, but even the entire earth would be subsumed in judgment, and all would be returned to a condition of primeval darkness and chaos, “formless and empty,” “wild and waste.” All the striving and fighting and hoping and longing and loving and positioning and angling – everything – would seem to be headed toward this ultimate grim fate. It would all come to ruin. Vanity of vanities, emptiness, futility. There’s a fun message for you! No wonder the prophets were so unpopular!
But this was not the entirety of Isaiah’s message. Though judgment was coming, certain and terrible and thorough, yet God had made promises which were full of hope and grandeur and beauty. The people of God would be restored, and the mountain of the Lord’s temple would be raised above all other mountains, and the nations of the world would stream to it to offer their praises and worship to the Holy One of Zion, and they would beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks, and lions would abide in peace with lambs and infants with cobras and vipers. Though judgment was coming, yet somehow, beyond that judgment, loomed the blessings of a peace, a condition of shalom – shalom, that marvelous Hebrew word which means so much more than mere cessation of hostilities, but the abiding rest of completion, like a Sabbath forever, rest from all vain striving, rest from our fears and compulsions, and anxieties, rest in the assurance of blessing and the presence of God forevermore! Amen!
And if we could compress all the blessing of this promise into one word and one overwhelmingly and stupendously grand conception, it would be expressed in the word Isaiah used to signify this condition to come in Isaiah 7:14 – “Immanuel,” which means “God with us.” “God with us” and we with him, abiding in the midst of his glorious splendor, enjoying him and glorifying him in a condition of unhindered joy, of everlasting life anchored in God’s own life, overflowing with his empowering Spirit, delighted by the bounty of things when the kingdom of the world shall have become the kingdom of God and of his Christ, of life lived in all the fullness of its possibility! This is God’s promise to his people, and it is that for which we most eagerly yearn. Indeed, it is what we were created to enjoy.
But now we come to the second juxtaposition, the second tension, which we find pervading the pages of Isaiah. We’ve just been discussing the tension between God’s holiness and our arrogant sinfulness. Now, tied very closely to that, we see the tension between God’s glorious plans for us and our self-inflicted inability to enjoy the fruition of those plans of our own accord. God created us to enjoy Immanuel and shalom – God with us and peace; but our sinfulness has made this impossible, and we find ourselves cut off from either one! Having sought in the fever of our greed and folly to usurp God’s Lordship in our lives, and to become masters of our own worlds, by ignoring his Word and will and setting ourselves up as the authority on what we would and wouldn’t do – having sought to displace God’s place and to become like gods ourselves, we found that we’d lost even the dominion that we’d enjoyed, and were now enslaved to a creature, Satan, and were enmeshed in a condition of sin and misery, in bondage to sin, and confronted by the inevitability of death. In fact, as we’ve seen, our sinfulness has wreaked such havoc in the fabric of things that the creation itself was contaminated by it, and were we in our darkness and rebellion even to enter into the holiness of God’s presence, we would be consumed like kindling in the intensity of that holy fire. We could not withstand the blazing purity of the one who made us in his own image. What a tragedy that is! And that, in a nutshell, in that picture of blessedness intended and blessedness lost, is the template by which we can understand the entire history of redemption as recorded in the pages of Scripture, by which God has been preparing us for restoration, reconciliation, and ultimately for everlasting life in the presence of his holiness. The whole of redemption history can be understood as the story of how God has been working it so that he might once again draw into our midst, “God with us” – but without killing us in the process!
And the means by which he’s been carrying out this great work of restoration and consummation has been, from the very beginning, covenant. Covenant is the structure by which he’s been operating in history to redeem, restore, and abide with his people. And that’s our next major concept for understanding not just this great book of Isaiah, but the entirety of Scripture. Covenant is the means, the structure, by which God’s been operating in human history to redeem, restore, and abide with his people. Now, what do we mean when we say covenant? What is its character?
A covenant is a formally constituted (in our case, bilateral) relational bond, entailing mutual obligations and expectations on both parties. Scripture often likens the covenantal bond between God and man to the covenantal bond between a man and a woman in marriage. Like marriage, that is, it is a formally constituted relationship which is exclusive and inviolable. The bond entails obligations on both parties, and promises both blessings in the event of mutual faithfulness and loyalty, and sanctions in the unfortunate event of unfaithfulness and disloyalty. So if both partners abide by the stipulations of the covenant bond of union, untold blessings will ensue. But if they don’t – say, if one or both parties stray outside the bonds of the covenant relation by infidelity – then all manner of unpleasantness will ensue, as the sanctions of the covenant breach kick in. Right? Unlike marriage, however, God’s covenant is characterized by two further features: first, that it is unilaterally imposed (Abraham didn’t have any say in it, for example; and Moses didn’t bargain with God and add an eleventh commandment or subtract the tenth commandment -- hey, what do you say if we except this minus the bit about covetousness!); and second, that it is distinctly hierarchical (that is, the covenant between God and man sets forth a unique relationship, as between the Lord of the covenant and the covenant vassal, or subject, that is, you and me).
And as we consider the way this covenant actually operates in Scripture, we come to our third tension – that is, the tension between the covenant’s unconditional aspect, on the one hand – by which God promised that certain things would come to pass regardless of anything we did or didn’t do – and its conditional aspect, on the other – by which God obligates us to remain faithful to the stipulations of the covenant if we hope to share in the ultimate blessings of that covenant’s ultimate fulfillment.
All throughout Scripture, even in the New Testament, there’s a conditional aspect to our relationship to God. If you do or don’t do so-and-so, then x…. It is entirely possible – and, tragically, it is not all that uncommon – that people may elect to cut ourselves off from God’s people and the promised blessings of God’s presence. God doesn’t force anyone to be saved against their will. You know, we shouldn’t understand the biblical doctrine of predestination in such manner, ever, as to think either that some are denied the benefits and blessings of salvation against their will. As if people were out there longing to be saved, but God says, “sorry, no room at the inn. No room for you.” No! No one, no one, who would receive the grace of God in Jesus Christ will be turned away. Similarly, though, we could turn that around, and point out that no one, but no one, is saved against their will. No one forces us to dwell in the household of God, as a member of God’s family. That’s Islamic theology, which will keep you in the House of Islam even if they have to kill you to do it. (Right? If a Muslim converts to Christianity, it is deemed religiously appropriate – a religious duty – for the family to kill the “offender” if he doesn’t change his mind. Let me suggest that in that very fact, that people have to be physically threatened to stay, shows the bankruptcy and tyranny which is at the heart of that system. It’s also interesting to consider linkages in this regard between Islam and Communism. Consider: each system is driven by the motive of world dominion – but not simply toward the end of ruling the world and exploiting it, but in a terrifyingly utopian way of really transforming it into its own fearful image – making everyone Communist, making everyone Muslim; or else.) But in this appeal to threat and violence is the emptiness of such man-made utopian systems. God, on the other hand, won’t save a person against his or her will – though he will always save us in spite of ourselves, and must always change our will in the process.
People can, and unfortunately do, fall away from the covenant blessings and benefits of God’s redemption. But – and here’s my point – their falling away does not and cannot void the promises that God had made. In fact, even if every single one of us should, God forbid, fall away from the fellowship of Christ and his people – still, God’s promises would stand, and the promised blessings would come to fruition, though having cut ourselves off, we wouldn’t experience those blessings ourselves. Romans 3, verses 3-4: “What if some did not have faith? Will their lack of faith nullify God's faithfulness? Not at all! Let God be true, and every man a liar!” Even if every person fails and falls away from covenant obedience, still God’s covenant will stand and come to fruition. Why? Because he’s promised it would! Amen!
No matter what we do, God’s covenant will not fail. And that’s the great tension that Isaiah saw: he knew that the covenant could not fail, because God had promised its ultimate fulfillment. And yet before his eyes he was witnessing the failure of the people to live up to the conditional aspects that that same covenant demanded of them. And so the question: how could God’s covenant come to fruition in any meaningful way if God’s people should fail and be excluded from that very fruition? Do you see the tension there? It’s really profound. How can we resolve these seemingly contradictory messages of hope and judgment? What’s the hope of a fulfilled covenant if none of us who’ve lived up to its obligations – and none of us have – will have any place at the table to enjoy those promised benefits? How can the covenant be fulfilled if none are left standing who’ve fulfilled its requirements….?
And this gets us into the really deep stuff. This gets us into an examination of the fourth tension, as between the one and the many, between the one through whom the covenant promises and obligations are mediated, and the many – all of us – to whom those promises and obligations flow. And what I hope we’ll see is that the point where these two tensions intersects, between the unconditionality of God’s promises and the conditionality of our remaining within the covenant bonds, on the one hand, and between the mediator and the many, on the other, can be none other than the person of Jesus Christ. You’ve read Paul refer to Jesus as the head of the church, and to the church as Christ’s body – indicating a living organic union between them, a covenant bond and more than a covenant bond – a bond of union, by his Spirit poured out upon us and into our hearts, sealing us in him and ingrafting us into his life, as we receive him through faith. Christ is the representative head of God’s people; he is the covenant head, the covenant mediator; and we are the covenant body.
What we see when we read through Scripture is that this head/body distinction has characterized the covenant relation between God and man from the very beginning. Whenever God has entered into a new stage of his covenant with his people, he has done so through a particular person, a mediator, through whom the particular promises and/or obligations of that stage of redemption history were passed to the people identified with him. Thus, in the earliest form of God’s covenant relation with his people, we see Adam and Eve, placed in their garden sanctuary, the special place in all the world where God’s presence was most intense, and the place in the world where sin – rebellion against his will – could be least abided. Here was the place of the very threshold of heaven, the gateway through which man might have passed into glory had he not sinned. And in this first form of the covenant, Adam was the covenant head, he was the mediator. It was to Adam that God had communicated the requirements of perfect righteousness there in the garden, and it was upon his obedience that the hope of humanity rested.
We tend to look at Adam and Eve simply in terms of deducing principles of marriage between a man and a woman – which is fine, as far as that goes, but it doesn’t get to their really deep significance in redemption history. Yes, they’re the sort of prototypical husband and wife, and we can learn much from them given that their relationship was constituted in the conditions prevailing before the fall. But much more, they are the original prototype of covenant head and covenant body whose ultimate fulfillment is Christ and the church. When we look at Adam and Eve, we are to see in them the parallels between Christ and the church. Did you ever have fun speculating about things, and get wondering, hey, what would have happened if only Eve had sinned, if only she’d eaten the forbidden fruit? Well, if only Eve had sinned, she would have died, but her sin would not have been imputed to her progeny. But that’s not the case with Adam’s sin. In fact, covenantally-speaking, we’re not guilty of Eve’s sin, but of Adam’s sin. That’s what Romans 5 and other passages in the New Testament are all about. We’re guilty of Adam’s sin, not of Eve’s sin. Why? Because Adam, not Eve, was the covenant head and mediator. Because Adam had been established by God as the covenant head, the representative head, of humanity, and he remains the head of fallen humanity. In short, as fell Eve, so fell Eve; but as fell Adam, so fell humanity – so fell the entire human household over which Adam was the head. And as with Eve, so with us: we as individuals may do what we may, and what we do surely has its effects on us, but as Adam the covenant head of humanity failed, so failed the whole body, so failed and fell humanity! Had he succeeded, had he not fallen, so humanity would have been blessed by the imputation of his blessing. But he fell, and we fell in him and with him. It’s as if he as the head of the household decided not to pay the bills: the consequence of that failure is that all of us who dwell in that household will feel the unpleasant effects, as when, say, the heat and electricity get turned off!
Redemption seen in this light, then, is God’s invitation to us to depart from this dysfunctional household of our birth – the household of fallen humanity over which Adam is the head – and to enter into the household of Christ, the new Adam, and to the loving family which lives there. It’s not that in leaving the household of Adam and entering into the household of Christ we are any better in ourselves than we were before, but merely by entering into the sounder conditions of Christ’s household, the benefits of his righteousness are imputed to us. To push our metaphor too far perhaps, Christ has paid the bills, and we can enjoy the benefits of heat and electricity again – of light and heat! – not because we paid for it ourselves, but merely because we’ve come to live in his house.
Likewise, just as with Adam’s house, we can choose to leave Christ’s household. We can cut ourselves off from Christ and his family, and can go back out into the storm. In this sense – and let’s just shift metaphors for a moment, to make things even clearer – we can think of the world itself as the household of Adam, being pelted by the storm of God’s wrath and displeasure. God’s covenant of grace – the structure of the household of Christ – is our shelter from the storm raging outside, and our hope. Do you see this? Adam failed to pass the probation of obedience to God’s will and Word there in the Garden, and the result of this failure of the covenant head was not only his failure to enter into heaven, but his exile from paradise, and the imputation of that failure to all his progeny, to all who would be born in the household of Adam. But Christ is God’s provision of a second Adam, one who passed the probation of perfect obedience which Adam had failed, and the result of this success by the covenant head was the entrance into heaven itself, and the imputation of his righteousness to all those in his household, to all those who would be reborn by the Spirit in him. So far, so good? Good!
But! Before Jesus himself came into the world, God had been working on this house of redemption for a long time. At the very moment that our first parents were expelled from the garden Sanctuary and sent off into their exile, God made a promise to them that One would one day come who would reverse the effects of this terrible Fall. A seed of the woman would one day come forth who would overcome the seed of the serpent and would pass that probation of works that Adam had failed. Adam and Eve would die, as God had said they would, and yet not without the consolation of a promised redemption, not without the consolation that somewhere – long beyond the horizon of the visible, perhaps, but promised nevertheless – loomed the seed through whom even they themselves might be restored. Judgment was coming, but hope was given, too.
After these things, that first world, “the world that then was,” wound down and ground down in its degrading spiral of sinfulness until its end was decreed, but a righteous line was preserved, culminating in faithful Noah, a type of the promised seed, in whom resided the hope of God’s promise as that ark traveled across those lonely waters from the old world to the new. With Noah God then covenanted a new (or better, a renewed) creation order, one which he promised to sustain until the consummation of his redemption and the final judgment and end of all things. This order would be the arena in which his redemption would be planted and nourished and cultivated and finally harvested. In one sense, as we’ve seen with Isaiah, this world, too, would come to an end in wrath and judgment, but this time the whole thing was preceded by a promise. Do you see that? It’s important. In other words, absent that promise which God had made to Adam long before Noah, the postdiluvian, post-flood, world would have failed just as miserably and just as completely as the prediluvian world did. But this time, God’s promise would stand over against that failure.
We see the one and many pattern again in Abraham: God’s promises are made to him and through him to all his seed. All his descendants, all those in his “covenant household” who dwell therein would partake in the blessings and benefits of the promises which God now made to him. To be sure, given individuals could stray. They were free, as it were, to dismember themselves from the covenant and its promised blessings. But regardless of the actions of individuals, the covenant itself – grounded in the promises of God to Abraham – would stand. No matter how unfaithful any given individuals from among the covenant family might be, yet God would remain faithful to his promises. And the picture of this unconditionality of God’s covenant is given us most splendidly, you may remember, in Genesis 15, when God himself, in the aspect of the smoking firepot, passed through the animals which had been cut in two halves. Here in this utterly astonishing scene is recorded God’s enacting of a self-maledictory covenant oath. In passing between these sacrificed animals, he was saying in effect, “If these promises fail, so let happen to me what happened to these animals I am now passing through.” If even one party should fail – and P.S., I will not fail to keep my promises – but if even one party (i.e., you) should fail, I will bear the burden of that covenant breach. Even if you fail to keep the conditions of the covenant, I will bear the burden of that failure, in order that my promises should be fulfilled as I have declared them. Praise be to God almighty! Do you see the gospel there, shining so brightly in Genesis 15!
But the basic problem remained: someone had to do what Adam had failed to do. We’re always talking, rightly, about how our salvation is by grace and through faith and not by works. That’s absolutely right, insofar as we mean we are not saved on the basis of our works. But in a deeper sense, we are saved by works! We’re saved by Christ’s work of righteousness, as we rely upon that and rest upon him and receive the benefits of his works through faith. Heaven had to be earned.
Adam was placed in a garden sanctuary, Eden, a place of God’s special presence where no sin could be countenanced. Here was the very threshold of heaven’s access; here was the land of probation; and here was the place where the stark choice could be made, as between “God with us,” secured in the everlasting sacrament of the tree of life, or exile, brokenness, alienation, misery, and death, secured in the disobedience of eating from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil! Adam failed this probation test. As the covenant head of humanity, he proved himself through his disobedience unwilling to abide by the limitation which God had imposed on his freedom to choose his own actions. And in that choice, he chose the path of self-reliance and pride, and fell into sin. And when the covenant head sins in the theocratic land of God’s holy presence, the result is eviction from that land of heaven’s access, banishment from the presence of God. Exile!
And so what we see through the first several books of the Bible is God’s working in this restored post-flood creation, this renewed world order, prefaced as it was by that redemptive promise made to our first parents at the moment of exile – working to forge a covenant people and to restore them to a Promised Land, a renewed garden Sanctuary, flowing with milk and honey, a renewed theocracy, the place of God’s special presence. Here in this place, God was restoring this portion of humanity to abide there at the threshold of heaven’s access; and here in this place, these people were given a law, and the requirement of obedience to this law, as mediated through Moses, as the basis for their continuing in the land. As Adam had failed the test of righteousness in the garden, so now would the Promised Seed pass that test there in the Promised Land Sanctuary, and from that holy threshold would open the doors to paradise! But the problem is that, just like in “the world that then was,” the world before the flood: left to their own devices, human beings would fail the test again. Left to their own devices, they would end up in exile again, and the world itself would spiral down to its end in judgment. But as God’s promise to Adam preceded his covenant with Noah and the establishment of this renewed world order, so God’s renewal of that promise he’d made to Adam, now made again and far more specifically to Abraham, preceded his covenant through Moses, such that even should the human parties to Moses’ covenant fail, and find themselves as Adam had found himself, evicted from the Sanctuary land, banished from God’s presence, and exiled; yet even so, God himself had promised unconditionally that the covenant would be fulfilled! In spite of human failure, God would succeed on their behalf, and through that success, they would be restored and redeemed and drawn up through faith in glory!
Well, we’ve been speaking about the tension between the one and the many. The great backbone, the spine, of the Old Testament is the development of this “one and many” structure of the covenant as it becomes clearer and clearer all along the way. Abraham’s seed were to be many – like the stars in the sky – but his Seed (capital “S”) – the righteous seed in whom all God’s promises would find their fulfillment – was to be One. It becomes increasingly clear through the pages of Scripture that the fate of God’s people was bound up in the righteousness of this one, who would be their mediator, whose righteousness would flow downward to them as their reliance upon him flowed upward in a vital bond of love and loyalty between head and body, and specifically, between king and people. In other words, when God made his covenant with David in 2 Samuel 7, promising to establish his throne forever, we see one last renewal of God’s promise concerning the coming Seed, building upon the earlier Seed-promises to Adam and to Abraham, and we see the picture coming into focus – that this longed-for Seed of Abraham, the Righteous One, would be the Davidic King. The king would fulfill the righteous requirements of the law, fulfilling the Mosaic covenant, embodying the culmination of the Davidic covenant, and fulfilling the promises of the Abrahamic covenant. And in him, in that king’s household, the nation – God’s people, Abraham’s seed – would be blessed. Again, individuals might fail, but God’s promises would not. The hope of the righteous redeemer, in whom God’s people could place their trust and thereby receive the imputation of his benefits – as flowing to his own family – this would come to pass, so sayeth the Lord!
As for David, alas, he failed almost immediately upon receiving this royal (Davidic) covenant. In 2 Samuel 7, God establishes his throne, and we read that he enjoyed rest on all sides; peace was at hand, shalom. David was himself a type of the promised Seed, there in the Sanctuary place of God’s presence. As the covenant head of God’s people he was closer to the conditions of Eden then anyone had been since Adam. He had everything to choose from and enjoy in this garden. But what did he do? He took of forbidden fruit! In the very next chapter! He covets another man’s wife, steals her, commits adultery, lies, tries to ensnare the innocent man into his sin to cover it up, and finally turns to murder! And we know David’s heart from the Psalms! Good Lord, he knew better than to do these things! He knew these things opposed God’s will, and yet he did them anyway. It has resemblances of the Fall all over again! (Although, it’s interesting on this score that David did what Adam did not do: he confessed and repented. And as a result, the punishment for this outrage was spread into the next generations of his dynasty, as the rest came to an end, and blood and violence resumed their normal, terrible preeminence.) In short, the promised Seed would be of David’s line, but was not to be David himself.
Now at last, to Isaiah! Here is Isaiah, sitting atop all this remarkable redemption history, waiting still for the Promised Seed to emerge out of the House of David, but beset by the dreadful realization that the monarchy itself had failed. Until Ahaz, individual kings did stupid and awful things, and God’s chastisement fell upon them accordingly, but as we saw last semester from Isaiah 7, when Ahaz broke his alliance with the Lord as with his sovereign Great King and aligned himself with Assyria, and imported Assyrian religious idolatry into the heart of Judahite religion – here not some mere permission of heterodox practices in the high places, but the very paganization of the official state religion of God’s theocracy! – for this Isaiah was given to foresee the coming judgment upon the nation; that the Lord would raise “the rod of his wrath,” Assyria, to bring the judgment up to Judah’s neck before delivering them, and that even then, beyond that threat would loom the final blow, from the Babylonians, as we saw in chapters 38-39.
The Davidic monarchy itself was failing! And, as we’ve seen, the failure of the people – even the failure of any given king – that was one thing. But the prospect of the failure and fall of the entire monarchy – that was quite another! David had failed utterly as covenant head of his people to live a life of perfect righteousness and perfect obedience. But he had repented, and his son had succeeded him. So, too, with Solomon, and with each of the others. God had been very gracious, very patient. But now, with the prospect of the actual fall of the monarchy looming on the horizon, it must have seemed like Eden all over again. As the covenant head fails and falls, so fails and falls the nation…. As with the original garden Sanctuary, so now with this Sanctuary of the Promised Land: the consequence of the covenant head’s failure is eviction, exile.
But! The tension remained: yes, they had failed, and as a result faced wrath and ruin and exile. But what about God’s promises of a coming Seed, first to Adam, then restated more specifically to Abraham, then restated more specifically still to David? What would come of those promises? They would yet stand! Even though left to their own devices, humanity had failed its second chance in the Sanctuary threshold of heaven, yet God’s promise preceded the flood, and his promise preceded the entry into the Promised Land, and his promised preceded the fall of the monarchy. Though his people had failed the obligation of righteousness, yet God would not fail to keep his promises, and now the glory of his purposes would be revealed in all the perfection of their splendor.
So here is Isaiah, being given to see the glory of the coming king, who will be none other than “Immanuel,” “God with us,” Wonderful Counselor, Almighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace, whose throne shall endure into the ages upon ages, whose reign shall know peace, shalom, rest on all sides; whose very kingdom is synonymous with the kingdom of heaven come to earth, when the kingdom of the world shall have become the kingdom of God and of his Christ! What a magnificent vision that is…! But who could possibly bear such a burden of exaltation? Even Solomon himself would be crushed and ridiculous, even blasphemous, to be clad in such glorious vestments. Who but God himself could bear such glory? Somehow, as Isaiah’s name said, “the Lord is salvation.” But at the same time, this Promised One, would be the anointed one, the Messiah, the Davidic King.
And just how God effected this still staggers the mind all these centuries later: God himself condescended to become the son of David! You almost need to chew on that for a moment to let its impact really sink in: God himself became a descendant of David, in fulfillment of the covenant promises! God himself condescended to assume the Davidic kingship as the son of David, but in doing so he exalted that throne beyond all measure and established it forever, because he was the Son of God. And in him, in his household, we are secured all the way to glory.
Chapters 1-39 was all about this amazingly rich theme: the coming of the glorious king. Now, as we’ll see, Isaiah will cast his gaze long into the future, into the conditions prevailing at the time of the exile which he’d so clearly foreseen, and will surprise us with something that, given everything we’ve read to this point, is still marvelously and astoundingly unexpected. Now the picture of this coming Messiah will broaden in a most astonishing way, and we will turn from the language of triumph and glory and kingship, to that of a servant who suffers for our transgressions.
What we turn to now is one of the most beautifully moving and powerful pictures of hope ever written. In it, we will be given to see God not in his usual aspect of almighty glory and splendor, but as rejected and broken on our behalf. Here is a picture of God’s love for us which astounds us still, and which would be fulfilled in the person of Jesus, our humble and compassionate Lord, born in a manger, who suffered and died on a cross. A God who suffers on our behalf….. a picture of the God’s love which surpasses all the depths of our imaginings.
(1) Originally delivered as a lecture at Fourth Presbyterian Church of Bethesda, Maryland, on January 9, 2004.
This is a pleasant vision of modern life from the perspective of some authentically unique dolls that live on windshields or the rear windows of cars – just like the ones we all have in our cars. The stars of the show are toys, souvenirs, stuff… and made of plastic, vinyl, recycled paper, cardboard or felt. Travis, the headliner, lives in a normal automobile and leads a pretty normal life… except that he’s much more than just a simple doll stuck on a car window. Oh, and watch out! There’s always a Sucker ready to indentify itself with some denizen or other of the big city.
Climate and ecological conditions, for example, determine what food crops and livestock are practical to grow locally. Dietary patterns are also influenced by cultural and religious norms, and by a region's history of contact with foreign foodstuffs and cultures through trade, migration, and colonization. In the second half of the 20th century, Ghanaian food systems have been particularly transformed by urbanization and related changes in women's work and by foreign donations of food aid.
Now more than ever, diets vary across class, with the wealthy typically eating not only a greater quantity and variety of foods than the poor but also different foods. This essay discusses some of these variations in Ghanaian food systems, as well as broad patterns and historical trends.
In Ghana, as in most of the world, most people structure their diets around a relatively small number of starchy or carbohydrate-rich foods. Grains such as millet, sorghum, rice, and maize (corn) and tubers such as yams and cassava (manioc), for example, form the central ingredient of the most common meals in Africa and provide the bulk of the daily caloric intake. These staple starches are traditionally accompanied by protein-rich legumes, such as peas, beans, or peanuts, and by smaller quantities of foods that add both flavor and nutrition, such as vegetables, oils, spices, and meat or fish. These latter foods are often referred to as relishes, condiments, or sauces. Anthropologist and food historian Sidney Mintz calls them "fringe" foods, to emphasize the centrality of the "core" starches. This "core-fringe-legume" pattern of food consumption predominates in Ghana, except in the grassland north, where milk and meat play more central roles.
Ghana's oldest staple starch crops vary across ecological zones. The major cereal grainsâ€”millet, sorghum, and maizeâ€”are all common in semi-arid regions. Millet and sorghum, both indigenous to Africa, predominate in the drier regions of northern Ghana. Millet can grow in areas where rainfall averages 275 to 400 mm (11 to 20 in) annually, while sorghum requires between 800 and 1000 mm (30 to 40 in) of rain annually. Maize, a New World crop first introduced by the Portuguese beginning in the late 15th century, is now one of the most widely cultivated food crops in Ghana. It can grow in a variety of conditions and be used in many ways, but it is less drought-resistant than either sorghum or millet.
Tubers such as cassava, yams, and sweet potatoes, and tree crops such as bananas and plantains (some tree crops are indigenous to Africa and some arrived centuries ago from Asia or the New World) are typically grown in the humid forest eco-zones of south and central Ghana. Cassava production in particular has increased in the 20th century, because while in the field it requires little tending, and it can keep for months underground before harvest. But cassava is low in protein, and in raw form some varieties are toxic.
Most rice in Ghana is grown under either lowland (also known as paddy) or upland conditions. Upland rice depends on rainfall, not irrigation, and thus grows only in wetter regions. In the rain forest zone of Western Region (in the Wassa and Aowin areas), upland rice is grown. Many rural development projects (e.g., the Dahwenya Project) in Ghana since the 1960s have centered on rice production, in part because in comparison to other crops, demand for rice has increased enormously in Ghanaian cities.
Compared to the highly varied and often quite elaborate preparations typical of fringe foods, the preparations of core starches are fairly simple. One very common dish made of millet, maize, or sorghum is a stiff porridge known by various names in different regions of Ghana. Once the grains have been ground into flourâ€”a task women once did by hand but increasingly do in millsâ€”they are mixed with cold water until a thin paste forms. Next the cook mixes in boiling water and stirs continuously until it thickens, then adds more flour until the consistency is so thick that the spoon stands straight up in the pot.
Tubers and starchy tree crops are most commonly boiled, roasted, or fried. Cassava and yams, like boiled plantains, are frequently pounded into a thick, heavy paste called fufu (or futu), a popular albeit labor-intensive Ghanaian dish. Like porridge dishes, fufu is often eaten communally and by hand and is always accompanied by a soup or stew. Dried, grated cassava, known as gari, is a popular convenience food in Ghana, because it keeps well and can be easily reconstituted with boiling water.
Although fringe foods typically account for a smaller proportion of caloric intake than the core starches, they are by no means a peripheral part of the diet. Whether served as sauces, soups, spreads, or fillings, dishes made of vegetables, spices, and sometimes animal protein and fat add color, nutrition, and variety to the daily bowls of porridge or rice. These dishes vary both seasonally and regionally, depending in part on the ingredients available locally. For example, in Ghana, palm oil stew is a more common complement.
Many ingredients found in traditional Ghanaian fringe dishes reflect foreign influences. The tomato, for example, was brought from the New World by the Portuguese in the 16th century and is now cultivated and consumed throughout much of Ghana. In coastal Ghana, tomato-based fante fante sauce is served on rice and fish.
European influence on Ghanaian food habits prior to colonialism was generally limited to the introduction of new crops, such as maize and tomatoes. Colonization led to significant changes both in what foods Ghanaians produced and what foods they had available to purchase. It is important to note that dietary patterns were transformed not only by the introduction of new crops and imported goods, but also by changes in households' use of land, labor, and income. For example, the introduction of cocoa has transformed the dietary patterns of the rain forest zones of coastal Ghana.
Colonial era taxes, for example, often forced peasant households to shift at least some of their land away from food crops over to export crops, such as cotton, coffee, and cocoa, which were typically overseen by male household heads. Taxation and compulsory labor service also forced rural men and sometimes women to leave their farms for work on plantations, in mines, and on road and railway projects. In many areas women had to assume greater responsibility for food production, and often on more limited land. In one common adaptation to these constraints, women switched from labor-intensive crops such as yams to ones requiring less weeding and other upkeep, such as cassava. In general, as rural households devoted more of their resources to income-earning endeavors, they also began to purchase a larger proportion of their food supplies.
Compared to the efforts the colonial administration made to develop export crop production in Ghana, most of the time the colonial administration paid relatively little attention to staple-food crop production. During the First and Second World Wars, however, some colonies made cultivation of certain crops compulsory in order to assure food supplies for the military bases. In Ghana at Komenda during the Second World War, for example, peasants were forced to grow maize, sweet potatoes and peanuts to supply to the air force station that was established there. This former air force station now houses the Komenda Teacher Training College.
Imported foods intended for European settlers also made their way into the Ghanaian diet, as did "European" foods manufactured in Africa. Initially only a small minority of Ghanaians, mostly the educated urban elite, partook of foreign and costly foods such as bread, pasta, margarine, and soft drinks. In some circles the ability to buy and serve European cuisine became a marker of status, like Western-style clothing. Certain foods, however, eventually became a part of the working-class diet. Bread from wheat has not only become a working-class diet, the name for it, paano in Ghana is derived from Portuguese. Men who migrated to urban areas in search of wage labor were among the earliest regular consumers of goods like bread and tea, partly because they were convenient. Wheat bread served with margarine or butter and tea (coffee and hot chocolate are also referred to as "tea") or served with fried egg is popular in the streets in the evenings in urban centres. Migrant labourers also helped introduce these foods to rural regions by bringing them back to their families.
Today, regional variations in some popular European foodstuffs reflect the influence of the colonial powers' own cuisines. Demand for Western-style processed foods is now partially met by domestic production. Bread from wheat in Ghana is typically made in small or medium-size urban bakeries, while commodities such as instant coffee and margarine are produced in factories owned by multinational corporations such as Nestles and Unilever. Although these foods are no longer consumed only by an elite few, during times of economic hardship they are too expensive for the vast majority of the population, urban or rural.
Since independence, food donated or sold on concessionary terms by foreign countriesâ€”also known as food aidâ€”has transformed both dietary and agricultural production patterns in Ghana. Various regimes of government in post-independence Ghana have willingly accepted food aid because it compensated for their own production shortfalls and ensured that cheap food supplies were available for politically important urban populations. It is estimated that 40 percent of Ghana's food import is in the form of food aid.
Food aid to Ghana has had four economic impacts: 1) it has served a leverage for donor countries to shape Ghana government's economic policies; 2) it provided the economy with additional imported resources; 3) it provided additional budgetary resources for development; and 4) conversely, it has created various disincentives as (a) it tends to drive down domestic prices of locally produced food, (b) it replaces food that would have been produced by Ghanaian farmers, (c) it creates import dependency as consumers develop a taste preference for imported commodities and switch away from locally produced food as is happening with poultry imports, and (d) it encourages the neglect of the development of domestic agriculture.
Donated and imported rice, for example, has been shown to have some effect on domestic production. It has been found that a 10 percent increase in donated/imported rice supply reduced domestic production by 7.5 percent (USAID report). Despite food aid, Ghana suffers from food insecurity.
For donor countries such as the United States and those of the European Union, food aid has become a means for disposing of their own agricultural surpluses as well as for establishing African markets for their exports. The United States' Food for Peace Program, for example, has been used to grant African and other Third World countries low interest loans for the purchase of major U.S. agricultural commodities, such as wheat and soybean oil. The U.S. Congress approved the program in 1954 with the explicit aim of building new overseas markets. It succeeded: countries like Nigeria continued to purchase U.S. wheat even when the aid program was reduced, partly out of the concern to maintain political stability in the cities, where most wheat and other aid foods are consumed. Food aid from the European Union has also helped establish African markets for European goods, such as dried milk products.
Although food aid programs were once justified on humanitarian grounds, they have been widely criticized for undermining markets for Africa's domestically produced foodstuffs and for fostering an over-dependence on imported foods. The dangers of such dependency became apparent in many African countries in the 1980s, when austerity measures imposed under World Bank structural adjustment programs drove up prices for import-based foods such as wheat, bread, and milk. The announcement of price rises set off "bread riots" in many African cities. Interestingly, during this period in Ghana, particularly between 1982 and 1984, attempts were made to use local substitutes. This effort, however, was not sustained.
Finally, Ghanaian food habits have changed along with the patterns and pressures of daily life, especially in the cities. As more and more peopleâ€”especially womenâ€”commute across large cities to work and attend school, midday meals at home have become less practical. Instead, students, marketplace traders, and industrial and office workers rely on so-called street foods for one or more meals daily. Sold from â€œchop bars,â€ kiosks, head trays, and carts in cities throughout Ghana, street-food fare is eclectic: offerings range from the traditional rice-and-sauce dishes popular among the cities' various Ghanaian ethnic communities to Ghanaian "fast foods" like fried or roasted plantains to Middle Eastern-style kebabs and European-style sandwiches and pastries. For many, street foods are not only more convenient but also more economical than home-prepared meals. Some traditional Ghanaian dishes require extensive preparation, so when the price of the ingredients and the cooking fuel is factored into the time spent shopping and cooking, it is often cheaper to buy these dishes from street vendors, who prepare them in large quantities.
The variety of snacks and meals sold on the streets of Ghanaian cities reflects an enduring theme in Ghanaian cuisines: despite the many changes prompted by colonialism, urbanization, aid, and trade, traditional dishes based on locally produced ingredients are still valued. Indeed, because such dishes are now sold in multiethnic cities and eaten by migrants and travelers, they have become familiar far beyond the regions where they were originally developed. Waakye and koose from the north can be found throughout Ghana, for example. Restaurants founded by Ghanaian immigrants in Europe, Asia, Australia, and the Americas have also popularized these cuisines abroad.
Dr. Çiğdem Üstün is an Assistant Professor in Political Science and Public Administration Department at Gediz University, İzmir, Turkey.
Turkey and the European Union (EU) share the same neighborhood in the Mediterranean, Middle East, the Black Sea, and the Caucasus regions, with the same objectives of creating a ring of friends, minimizing threats to their social, political, economic, and energy interests, and ensuring stability. This paper aims to explain the relations of Turkey and the EU with the shared neighborhood countries; to analyze the compatibility of Turkish and EU neighborhood policies; and to demonstrate the need for these two actors to work together in order to achieve credible results in their neighborhood policies. I argue that coordinated Turkish and EU neighborhood policies may bring better results than individualistic approaches, bringing the credibility that the EU needs the most in these regions as well as opening channels of communication in a constructive manner. This relationship is believed to be mutually beneficial as long as Turkey and the EU both maximize their capabilities in these regions.
Keywords: European Neighborhood Policy, Turkey, shared neighborhood, the Mediterranean, Middle East, the Black Sea and the Caucasus regions, Russia.
The EU aims to encourage regional cooperation, promote human rights, democracy, and good governance, prevent conflicts, and fight against international crime in its neighborhood. With these objectives the EU has been formulating new policies since the mid-1990s dealing with its neighbors in the southern Mediterranean and northern borders. As enlargement continued, the number of these policies and the regions the EU concentrated on increased, i.e. the Black Sea. Especially with the 2004 enlargement, the EU was hard-pressed to formulate an overhauling policy on its neighborhood to deeper relations with all the neighbors and develop tailor-made relations with each country.1
In 2003 the EU initiated the neighborhood policy (ENP) by publishing the Commission Communication Paper on Wider Europe and, in 2004, its first Strategy Paper on the European Neighborhood Policy. In the Communication Paper the objective of the EU has been framed as promoting “the regional and subregional cooperation and integration that are preconditions for political stability, economic development and the reduction of poverty and social divisions”.2 In 2004, the Strategy Paper presented the vision of the ENP as involving “a ring of countries, sharing the EU's fundamental values and objectives, drawn into an increasingly close relationship, going beyond co-operation to involve a significant measure of economic and political integration.” 3 The ENP covers all the non-EU participants in the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership (with the exception of Turkey), Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Moldova, Ukraine, and Georgia. Under the ENP, the European Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the Commission”) prepared country reports for all of the countries involved in the ENP, and then the ENP Action Plans were developed which define short- and medium-term (3–5 years) priorities. All the reforms that are advised by the Commission are supported through EC-funded financial and technical assistance.
In 2006, the Commission published a new paper focusing on the weaknesses of the policy, economic and trade relations, migration, people-to-people contacts, financial, political, and regional cooperation, while building a thematic dimension to the ENP.4 A year later, the Commission started to work on new strategies on the eastern neighbors and the Black Sea countries. Two main papers came out: the Black Sea Synergy Paper and the Eastern Partnership. The Black Sea Synergy expressed the need for regional cooperation in the Black Sea region, to achieve increased stability and prosperity. The EU’s 2007 Black Sea Synergy was very broad, both in terms of the content and the geographical space it covers, which made it very difficult to implement. At this point, the EU started to search for new ways to work with the region, and thus the Eastern Partnership (EaP) was launched in 2008. Although the EaP is concerned with the same region as the Black Sea Synergy, the EaP is a more concentrated and compact initiative than the Black Sea Synergy, and is a more ambitious partnership which aims to emphasize the need for a differentiated approach.5 The EaP proposed new measures regarding integration into the EU economy, energy security, economic and social development, and mobility.6 Although the intentions of the proposed partnership were accepted by the EU, the regional countries7 which have been left out of the EaP, such as Russia and Turkey, expressed their objections. It has been the general belief that the policies which will be effective and successful should include Russia and Turkey in the region. The EaP, as part of the ENP, could not include Turkey structurally, since it is a candidate country; however, Turkey criticized the policy and asked the Union to include Turkey and Russia, not as neighbors but as partners.8
The ENP is designed to tie the neighboring countries to the EU without promising EU membership. Therefore Turkey, as a candidate country aiming to be a full member of the Union, is not eligible to take part in the ENP. However, Turkey and Russia have been the main littoral states which have shaped Black Sea politics historically. These two countries thus wish to continue with their strategic roles in the region, while Turkey also wants to be an EU member. But defining Turkey as a neighbor and including it in the ENP would jeopardize Turkey’s candidacy. Within this framework, both Russia and Turkey requested to be included in the EaP as partners, to be able to influence EU policy towards the region while stressing their special positions in the region.
Turkey and the EU, since they share borders, find themselves in disagreement over their specific policies towards the countries in the Mediterranean, the Middle East, the Black Sea, and the Caucasus. This paper has three main objectives in this framework; to explain the relations of Turkey and the EU with the shared neighborhood countries in the regions mentioned above; to analyze the compatibility of Turkish and EU neighborhood policies; and demonstrate the need for these two actors to work together in order to achieve credible results in their neighborhood policies. It is argued that due to the candidacy status of Turkey the EU is a determining element in Turkish foreign policy-making, while Turkey itself is a crucial element in the EU’s neighborhood due to the cultural, political, economic, and commercial ties of Turkey to the regional countries in the Mediterranean, the Middle East, the Black Sea, and the Caucasus.
Turkey has been prioritizing its relations with the Mediterranean and the Middle Eastern countries in the last decade while trying to solve its problems with its Middle Eastern neighbors and increase relations with southern Mediterranean countries such as Syria, Jordan, Lebanon, and Egypt. In particular, relations with Syria were developed in the 2000s. In the 1990s, water and the PKK (Kurdistan Workers’ Party) were the main problems between the two countries. The cause of disagreement between Syria and Turkey was the Euphrates and Tigris rivers. Those two rivers originate within Turkish borders, but they flow down to Syria and Iraq. Thus, these two rivers are the most important water resources for all three countries. When Turkey wanted to build the Southeast Anatolian Project (SAP) on the Euphrates, it became a problem with Syria. The demands of Syria were that the Euphrates and Tigris rivers should be recognized as international waters and the level of water being given by Turkey to Syria should be increased. Thus, Syria sought to discuss this issue under the UN framework; however, due to Turkey’s objections this issue was not debated under the UN umbrella.9
However, as long as Abdullah Öcalan, leader of PKK, resided in Damascus,10 and the terrorist activities of the PKK continued to find support in Syria, the water problem was not solved between these two countries.11 A new era in relations between Turkey and Syria was initiated and negotiations on water started only after Öcalan’s expulsion from Damascus in 1999. In 2007 the two countries signed the Memorandum of Understanding for Cooperation between Turkey and Syria concerning politics and security, economy, and energy and water and deepening of the cooperation between the Turkish Petroleum Corporation (TPAO) and the Syrian Oil Company and progress in visits and opinion exchange in the field of water were agreed. In addition, Turkey designed a “Three-Staged Plan” based on the fact that the Euphrates and the Tigris make up a single transboundary river system. The Plan envisaged the preparation of common inventories of water and land resources for a final allocation of water between the riparian states. Finally, in 2009, Turkey and Syria signed an agreement on lifting the visa between the two countries and also signed a bilateral cooperation accord under which top ministers from the two countries would meet each year. Therefore, it can be argued that the end of the terrorist threat and the increase in economic and trade links at the border helped to create good-neighborly relations, which improved the prospects for cultural, social and political relations as well.
Over the last decade Turkey has been trying to improve its relations with its southern neighbors. In the 1980s and the 1990s the Middle Eastern neighbors were perceived as the troubled areas and Turkey tried to refrain itself from being engaged in the conflicts in the region. However in the 2000s through its cultural, economic and trade links Turkey has been working hard to create a friendly environment in the region. Within the same framework, Turkey increased its economic and cultural relations with the southern Mediterranean countries, which led to agreements on ending the visa requirements with Libya, Jordan, and Tunisia as well. Moreover, Turkey and Iran have a visa agreement which allows their citizens to travel freely between the two countries. Therefore, Turkey can be seen as a hub country in a region that the EU is also trying to promote regional cooperation and free trade area.
Since the mid-1990s the EU has been working to establish a credible policy towards the Mediterranean region and trying to play an active role in efforts to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and contributing to the Middle East Peace Process (MEPP) as a member of the so-called Middle East Quartet (the US, the EU, Russia and the UN). It is argued that it is in the EU’s self-interest to invest in stability and cooperation around its neighborhood,12 and especially in the Mediterranean region due to its strategically essential position. Within this framework, in 1995 the EU initiated the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership (EMP), better known as the Barcelona Process, with its Mediterranean neighbors. This new partnership’s main aim was to create the means for dialogue, cooperation, peace, and stability between the EU and its southern Mediterranean countries while strengthening north-south relations and “south-south” interaction.13 However, after the Barcelona Process was initiated, the end of the 1990s saw an increase in conflicting relations throughout the Mediterranean region, while fault lines along a north-south and south-south axis have become more apparent,14 developments in North Africa and the Middle East to which the EU has failed to react. Since then the EU has been attempting to inject dynamism into the Barcelona Process. As the EU enlarged, though, it needed a new policy to export stability and welfare to neighboring countries. In 2004 the EU launched the ENP, which aimed and increase the possibilities of cooperation in political and economic spheres, taking on the model of the accession process in order to offer its neighbors a deeper involvement in EU policies.15 Even though the ENP does not promise EU membership to the partner countries, it offered “everything but the institutions”.16
However, it has been noted that the inadequacy in the financial disbursement,17 asymmetrical trade liberalization, collapse of the MEPP, inadequate encouragement for political reforms, ambiguity of the action plans, and limited funding allocated for promotion of human rights18 prevented the successful implementation of the policies towards the Mediterranean region. In 2007 a new policy under the name of the Mediterranean Union was introduced by French President Nicolas Sarkozy, which was criticized heavily by Turkey since it has been presented as an alternative to Turkey’s potential EU membership. The other member-states’ criticisms centered on the risk of reducing the effectiveness of the already established neighborhood policies in the Mediterranean region. Furthermore, the other actors such as the civil society organizations both in the EU member-states and southern Mediterranean countries which are involved in the Mediterranean policies of the EU for over a decade were drawing attention to the possibility of duplication of policies and initiatives19 while undermining the work of Barcelona Process.20
As a result of the criticisms the Mediterranean Union has gone through modifications and launched under the Barcelona Process as Union for the Mediterranean. Turkey has participated in this process and emphasized its improved relations with the Mediterranean and the Middle Eastern countries and its importance as an asset in the development of the ENP and creation of ring of friends in the region.
Within this framework, Turkey also emphasized its role in the Middle East and the resolution of conflict between Israel and Palestine. In relations with Israel, Turkey’s main concern has been the Palestinian Authority (PA) and the peace process. In the 1980s and 1990s , Turkey tried to stay out of the conflict between Israel and PA as much as possible. However, after Turkey’s candidacy to the EU was announced, and after the accession negotiations started, Turkey started to perceive the Palestine question as an area of responsibility and opportunity to play a constructive role in the region.21 However, in the last decade it is clear that Turkey’s foreign policy has moved more towards Palestine and some disputes with Israel have been observed in the political arena. But one should observe that although the political and diplomatic problems occupied the agenda the economic and trade relations as well as the military and security relations continued during the Turkey-Israel diplomatic struggles. In 2009 the extent of bilateral trade between Israel and Turkey was $2.5 billion22 and Turkey is listed as one of the main trading partners of Israel both in imports and exports.23
Certainly, problems with some of the neighbors continue in the region, i.e. Iraq. Both in the Gulf and the Iraq Wars, Turkey has been determined that the military intervention in the region would disturb the balance of power in Iraq, and ethnic conflicts would increase the instability in the whole Middle East. Especially the Kurdish separatist groups in Northern Iraq worried Turkey, and territorial integrity has been the main priority of the Turkish government during and after the Iraq War. The possibility of the disintegration of Iraq and the formation of an independent Kurdish state is perceived as one of the biggest security threats by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Turkish Armed Forces in the region towards Turkey.24 Still, this possibility shapes the relations between Iraq and Turkey as well as the USA. Turkey as a neighboring and a regional country, opposes to the idea of a federal system in Iraq, which may encourage the other Kurdish groups in the region for more autonomy. Within this framework, Turkey emphasizes the importance of territorial and political integrity of Iraq in negotiations with Iraq and the USA.
During the 2000s Turkey has shown an increasing ability to use its soft power while emphasizing the necessity of political and economic reform in the Islamic world, and the promotion of harmony between different cultures and civilizations. Turkey’s approach to the Mediterranean and the Middle East demonstrated some resemblance to EU’s policies in pursuing a resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict; promoting political and economic reform in the region; working toward peaceful stabilization and reconstruction in Iraq; and finding a diplomatic solution to the Iranian nuclear crisis.25 In this context, Turkey as a regional country which has close cultural ties with the societies in the Mediterranean and the Middle East is eager to work towards the main goals of the ENP, such as decreasing socio-economic problems, increasing regional cooperation in economic, social, and political spheres, and bringing stability to the region.
The Black Sea and the Caucasus were inaccessible to Turkey during the Cold War era. It was only possible for Turkey to establish relations with the countries in the region after the end of the Cold War. After the end of the Cold War, Turkey felt confused in its foreign affairs and initially, she tried to take the opportunity to establish relations with the Turkic-speaking nations in the region, in the Caucasus and the Central Asia such as Azerbaijan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, and Turkmenistan, with which Turkey also has cultural, religious, and ethnic ties.26 Turkey’s main aim has been positioning itself in the centre of regional cooperation in the Black Sea region connecting the Middle East, Caucasus, the Balkans and Europe.27 In the 1990s Turkey’s main aim was to create a zone of influence to lead the regional countries while increasing the EU’s relations with those countries and increase her influence in the region and beyond.28
Nevertheless, the international situation in the 1990s was not suitable for Turkey’s aims in the region, which are characterized by a) the ethnic separatist movements by Chechens and Kurds, b) possible NATO bases in Georgia and Azerbaijan, c) change in the naval balance in the Black Sea, d) Russia’s peacekeeper role in the CIS, e) natural gas and oil pipelines, and f) regime regarding the Straits created a mutual mistrust towards each other.
In the 2000s the relations in the region, especially with Russia, were improved, and the EU’s increased attention to the region created better opportunities for cooperation for Turkey in the Black Sea and the Caucasus. In the Black Sea region the EU emphasizes gas and oil projects, electricity network interconnections, the Black Sea Ring Corridor, the Black Sea Pan European Transport Area,29 TRACECA30, linking Central Asia and the Caucasus, and projects on environmental protection. The Bucharest Convention and Black Sea Environmental Program attracted attention, leading to a Communication published by the Commission on the environment in the Danube and Black Sea Region.31 In addition to energy, environment, and transport, the region is crucial to the EU’s efforts in combating organized crime, illegal trafficking in drugs, people, and arms, corruption, and money laundering. Therefore, the EU’s main interests in the region can be categorized as energy security, environmental issues, frozen conflicts, and cooperative measures in combating new security threats, including human security.
Among all the EU-initiated projects, Turkey has been primarily interested in TRACECA and became a part of the program in 2002. Turkey places special emphasis on this program with a view to increasing its share and role in regional transport while decreasing the traffic at the Bosporus and Dardanelles.32 Turkey believes that among all the projects and programs, the TRACECA is the most effectual one for Turkey to increase foreign direct investment, tourism, regional development, hard-currency income, and employment.33 In addition, Turkey is a part of the Black Sea Cross Border initiative and some cities at the Black Sea coast, i.e. Istanbul, Tekirdağ, Kocaeli, Zonguldak, Kastamonu, Samsun and Trabzon, are covered by the Black Sea Basin Program.34
Within this framework, Turkey placed special importance on furthering cooperation in the Black Sea region while emphasizing the value of rule of law, democratic transition, and respect for human rights, and establishing closer relations with the West, especially the EU.35 Turkey focused on energy agreements with the regional countries one of which has been the construction of Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan (BTC) pipeline. Although Russia has objected to this pipeline due to the fact that it helps the regional countries to bypass Russia in their energy policies, Turkey insisted on this pipeline, believing that it would push Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Turkey towards stabler relations in the long run.
Turkey’s position on the Armenian-Azerbaijani conflict has been rather different than its balanced position towards Georgia. Although Turkey supports the importance of an international response to the conflicts in Nagorno-Karabakh, it has been in close relations with Azerbaijan, which prevented its ability to act as a mediator in the OSCE Minsk Group, even though it wanted to in the early 1990s. Especially after the embargo on Armenia and the suspension of diplomatic relations with Armenia, Turkey became an actor rather than a mediator in this conflict.36 In the 1990s Turkey perceived Armenian-Greek rapprochement as a threat to its security concerns.37 However, in 2000 Turkey and Armenia took some steps towards normalizing relations, such as the establishment of the Turkish-Armenian Peace Commission. After the 2008 August war in Georgia, Turkey took further steps towards establishing a platform for the regional countries under the auspices of the Caucasus Stability and Cooperation Platform to create positive relations between Armenia, Turkey, Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Russia. It is argued that the normalization of relations between Turkey, Armenia, and Azerbaijan and the resolution of the existing conflicts will bring economic prosperity to the region and increase the export-import capabilities of these three countries, fostering trade in some important commodities, such as the export of gas from Azerbaijan to Armenia and of electricity from Armenia to Turkey.38
In the south Caucasus, Turkey aims to increase its economic and trade links, become a leading regional actor, and make itself invaluable to the EU in its relations with the Black Sea regional states. However, although the end of the Cold War brought new opportunities, opened new markets and created new allies, the region also means new risks, new conflict areas and new problems. Therefore, Turkey is making an effort to act together with the EU and spread the EU’s policies and models of cooperation regarding economic, cultural, and social policies.
Russia is an important neighbor for Turkey and the EU, although it is not included in the ENP. Turkey’s relations with Russia have increased, especially during the 1980s due to the Turkish enterprises’ efforts to find an alternative to the western markets. In the 1990s, political relations with Russia have suffered due to Turkey’s efforts to reconnect with the other Black Sea and the Caucasus countries. Russia perceived this as a threat to its own sphere of influence. The agreement on the BTC pipeline also had some negative effects on the relations such as political tension between Turkey and Russia. However, trade and economic links between Russia and Turkey continued to increase during the 1990s and continued into the 2000s. In 1997, exports to Russia totaled nearly 2.1 billion USD, and in 2009 this value increased to 3.2 billion. This growing trend is evident in imports as well: in 1997 imports were almost 2.2 billion USD and increased to 19.4 billion in 2009.39
In the 1990s Russia stated that it is one of the biggest powers in the world and needs to protect its interests in its neighborhood while at the same time strengthening its ties to the East and the West.40 In this context, energy relations between Russia and the neighboring regions stood out. The energy trade between Russia and Turkey started in the 1980s and, in line with the EU’s policies on securing energy flow from energy producing countries to energy consuming countries, continued to grow, including natural gas, LNG (liquefied natural gas), and petrol. The economic reconciliation and the increase in energy relations between Turkey and Russia helped these two countries to overcome the disagreements on Armenia, Kurdish and Chechen separatist groups, disputes over Turkish Straits. In 2010 the relations were furthered and in order to facilitate trade the visas have been lifted between Russian Federation and Turkish Republic.
The EU places special importance on its relations with Russia, since it is the EU’s third biggest trading partner, with Russian supplies of oil and gas making up a large percentage of Russia’s exports to Europe. EU bases its cooperation with Russia on four main areas economic issues and the environment; Freedom, Security and Justice; External Security; and Research and Education under the “Common Spaces” title41. Relations between the EU and Russia affect the whole of Eastern Europe and the Black Sea regions, as well as the Caucasus. The EU and Russia established institutional joint structures, bilateral agreements, strategies, and policies. However EU could not still create a common policy towards Russia which allows the individual member-states to pursue their own independent policies towards Russia. Therefore, reconciliation between the EU and Russia could not be achieved yet which prevents free trade area to be established. Moreover, energy issues are still debated and EU could not agree on the reciprocity clause regarding the energy charter.42 Energy is the main issue between the EU and Russia, since 50 per cent of the EU’s energy is imported from Russia and 75 per cent of Russia’s export revenue depends directly on the single European energy market. This interdependence assumed to create a partnership however, the mistrust towards Russia especially among the eastern bloc in the EU, issues rising due to the problems in implementation of human rights, democratic governance and rule of law in Russia prevents the EU to identify Russia as a partner and sign credible bilateral agreements.
Regarding its role in EU-Russia relations, Turkey puts its efforts to be the regional mediator power similar to the other regions, the Mediterranean, the Middle East, the Black Sea, and the Caucasus. In particular, Turkey is trying to take part in the energy relations between Europe and Russia, emphasizing its stable economic, commercial, political, and energy relations with Russia, and suggests that it would serve as a perfect hub by bypassing the eastern bloc countries which have difficult relations with Russia.
Both Turkey and the EU are aiming to have a “ring of friends” in their shared neighborhood so as to minimize the threats to social, political, economic, and energy interests, while ensuring stability factors in the Mediterranean, Middle East, Black Sea, and the Caucasus regions. It is argued here that in order to achieve their mutual objectives in the neighboring regions, there is a need for coordination between Turkey and the EU.
Turkey has been trying to encourage regional cooperation in its region since the end of the Cold War. However, due to the international and domestic adversities it had been difficult for Turkey to be engaged in intense relations with its neighbors. In the 2000s it has been more feasible for Turkey to increase political and economic relations with regional countries such as Syria, Egypt, Lebanon, Georgia, and Russia. This has been possible, first, due to the changes in the international agenda; second, due to the involvement of the EU in these regions through the ENP; and, third, due to Turkey’s EU candidacy, which created opportunities for Turkey in the regions where the ENP has been initiated.
Within this framework, Turkey as an EU candidate wants to use its geostrategic location. Turkey presents its cultural ties, economic and trade relations, and the potential to be the EU’s energy hub as important assets to the ENP. In parallel, Turkish Elite Survey conducted in 2009 under the Strenthening and Integrating Academic Networks (SInAN) project, demonstrated that Turkish MPs43 emphasize the importance of Turkey and believe that Turkey should intensify relations with the Mediterranean, Middle East, the Black Sea, and the Caucasus without any differentiation in order to increase its role as economic, energy and trade hub in the region.
The research showed that the policy makers in the TGNA believe in the necessity of multi-regional approach in conducting Turkish foreign policy. The general understanding is that Turkey should continue furthering its relations with the neighboring countries that Turkey as a strong regional mediating power would be an important asset for the Union to achieve its aim of creating a ‘ring of friends’ in its neighborhood. In this perspective I argue that Turkish and EU’s shared neighborhood policies may bring better results than the individualistic approaches in these regions. However, this can be achieved only if Turkey sees a credible potential for itself to be a full member of the Union. The prolongation of Turkey’s accession to the EU would decrease the enthusiasm of Turkey to align with the EU and its neighborhood policies, which may jeopardize the benefits that EU can get in its neighborhood through Turkey’s cultural, political, social, economic and trade links with Turkey’s neighbors. Turkish and EU close relationship in the neighborhood policies would bring the credibility that the EU needs the most in these regions, while opening the communication channels in a constructive manner. This relationship is believed to be mutually beneficial as long as both Turkey and the EU make the maximum of their potentials in these regions.
2 Communication from the Commission to the Council and European Parliament, “Wider Europe – Neighbourhood: A new Framework for Relations with our Eastern and Southern Neighbours”, Brussels, March 11, 2003, p. 3, http://ec.europa.eu/world/enp/pdf/com03_104_en.pdf (accessed September 29, 2010).
4 Themes that are included in the ENP are human rights issues; diversified transport thematic cooperation through international conventions, regional initiatives and policy dialogues as well as along major transnational axes; longstanding energy cooperation resulting in ongoing regional and bilateral energy initiatives; several environment cooperation processes and multilateral agreements; ongoing bilateral and regional trade negotiations; venues for cooperation in higher education and scientific research; and regular bilateral dialogues on social development priorities, as well as cooperation on employment and gender equality within the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership. For more information see Non-Paper Expanding on the Proposals contained in the communication to the European Parliament and the Council on “Strengthening the ENP” – COM 2006 726 Final of 4 December 2006, http://ec.europa.eu/world/enp/pdf/non-paper_thematic-dimension_en.pdf (September 29, 2010).
7 The countries included in this partnership are Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine.
8 Çiğdem Üstün, “Turkey and the European Neighbourhood Policy: the Black Sea Region”, in Turkey and the EU: The Process of Change and Neighbourhood, eds. Atila Eralp and Çiğdem Üstün, (Ankara: Zeplin İletişim, 2009), 132.
bathtub jet cleaners jets leaking china outdoor spa hot tub massage whirlpool repair,bathtub jets not working tub with whirlpool from the bath spot cleaning dishwasher detergent jacuzzi leaking,bathtub jet cleaners jets wont turn on repair spa leaking,bathtub jets repair jacuzzi jet portable for spa replacement parts,standard size bathtub dimensions of a jacuzzi jets not working cleaning with dishwasher detergent jet cleaners,jets for bathtub baffling dark lovely bath jet images bathroom ideas why are my not working air repair,jacuzzi bathtub jets leaking bath transforming dual jet spa in with decor turn on by themselves,jacuzzi bathtub jet replacement parts cleaning jets with dishwasher detergent and pregnancy tubs decorative air not working,bathtub jets and pregnancy leaking replacement parts bath tub,bathtub jets wont turn off the bacteria lurking behind tub inside air pipes is nasty replacement parts cleaning with dishwasher detergent.
If you had to answer the question, “What does discipleship look like at your church,” what would you say? What kind of disciple is your church trying to create? Every book/article I’ve read on discipleship recently keeps coming back to this main question. Since our church (Velocity) began 5 years ago I’ve always thought we […]
Filed Under: blog, church, discipleship, Groups, Leadership, Small Group, Spiritual Growth Tagged With: bible, christianity, Discipleship, Jesus, mission statement, missional community, purpose, religion, spiritual
Our sister company Maryland Nautical Sales was founded in 1949 and is one of the largest nautical chart agents in the United States. They stock a worldwide selection of Navigation Charts, Books, Electronic Charts & Software. As a supplier of worldwide charts (corrected up-to-date) and publications of the U.K. Hydrographic Office (British Admiralty) since 1987, Maryland Nautical was granted its “International Admiralty Chart Agent” status by the U.K.H.O. in 1999 and is an ISO 9001 Registered Firm.
Listed below are the resources that Davis Ship Service uses in our day to day operations, for more information click on their link.
We use Google Analytics to track the use of our website and do not record personal information from users.
The New Frontier was imploded Tuesday, Nov. 13, 2007. The 65-year-old casino, the second property built on the famous Las Vegas Strip, was the venue where Elvis Presley made his Las Vegas debut in 1956. It also housed entertainers like Siegfried and Roy, and Wayne Newton; was once owned by eccentric billionaire Howard Hughes; and featured one of the longest union strikes in U.S. history.
A breathtaking video of a variety of bullets flying through the air and their impacts at up to 1 million frames per second. The videos are from Kurzzeit, a German ballistics measurement company that also sells cameras capable of 30-1,000,000fps at a 312×260 resolution. The cameras are made by Shimadzu.
Using the left and right cursor keys, power your spaceships engines just right to get the heighest height. Release gas tanks at best time.
Shoot your bow n arrow and slice threw the nooses that are hanging people. Don't hit the hanged men!
Drop the blocks and other shapes in this physics world to protect your stick building from the water
It's been a while.... but we finally have a new game to share with you. Cave Chaos (originally called 'Rock Bottom' before a last minute change) takes you deep underground to a hidden world where the creatures have been deprived of sunlight for centuries. You must try to escape this subterranean eco-system before the rocks come crashing down around you! Time is of the essence in this cavernous platformer so get moving!
kid desk sets children desk sets recommendations desk for kids rooms luxury best kid s room images on than children desk sets kid desk supplies.
kids lake house white writing desk with vanity mirror kid decor supplies ,kid desk decor supplies and chair set,kid desk decor children sets set kids table and supplies,kid desk supplies decor sets kids accessories 7, modern minimalist white wooden children desk with bookshelf on top kid decor supplies, kid desk supplies decor sets kids s, kid desk supplies decor sets kids accessories 7,kid desk decor supplies mini drawer doodle blue modern kids desks and sets,kid desk supplies decor sets and chair set white , outstanding kid desk sets alternative views supplies area ideas decor.
kid desk sets kid desk sets preschool desk and chair set kid desk and chair set desk best toddler kid desk sets kid desk decor.
kid desk sets best ideas on supplies decor,best kids desk images on child kid and supplies decor ,kid desk supplies decor sets kids accessories 7, kid desk decor sets kids accessories 7 supplies,kid desk sets kids s supplies decor, kid desk supplies sets kids chairs ideas decor,kid desk supplies sets kids chairs ideas decor ,kid desk sets upload children furniture set chair kids supplies decor,kids desks sets student desk white traditional and kid decor supplies,desk for kid gear girl best desks kids decor supplies.
On browsers which support the W3C DOM clicking on a city’s row in the table should call the sun-times calculator with values set up for the city. Suck it and see.
On other browsers you will have to note the latitude, longitude and time zone and enter it into the calculator manually.
If you’d like me to add a city to the list please mail me. If I think it’s reasonable then I’ll add it.
Call of Duty: Black Ops II 2 World bestseller - a first person shooter, the continuation of the legendary game Call of Duty: Black Ops - Storyline - to the best Hollywood blockbusters with new characters and the return of the old - from the writer "The Dark Knight" - Single player campaign - a combination of the two time periods of interconnected characters and their actions - Multiplayer - a variety of multiplayer modes; system of ranks for the long game - Special Strike Force mission - the players influence the outcome of the task and the entire campaign - Zombie Mode - everyone's favorite mode of Undead Slaying
INSTALLATION: - Download and install Steam - http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi - Register your Steam account - Go to the "Games" and select "Activate via Steam" - Enter the activation key - After that, the game will appear in the list and you can download Call of Duty: Black Ops II 2
При покупке данного товара, Вы получаете лицензионный ключ для игры Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 для активации в Steam. Релиз игры - 6 ноября 2015 года. Внимание! Данный товар нельзя активировать в следующих странах: Japan, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Iraq, Syrian Arab Republic, Yemen, Egypt, Lebanon. Attention! This product cannot be activated in the following specified countries: Japan, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, Iraq, Syrian Arab Republic, Yemen, Egypt, Lebanon. You are purchasing Call of Duty: Black Ops 3. Activation: STEAM Region: Region-free Language: Multilanguage ***** МГНОВЕННАЯ ДОСТАВКА КЛЮЧА ***** Сразу же после оплаты Вы получите ключ на экран. Его также можно посмотреть на сайте http://www.oplata.info ***** ПОЧЕМУ ИГРОSHOP ***** - Более 12 лет работы на Плати.ру - Аттестат продавца с 2002 года, BUSINESS LEVEL (BL) более 1300! - Положительные отзывы - Огромный опыт работы с релизами новых игр и пересылкой товаров - Накопительные скидки - Support in English available ***** ОПИСАНИЕ ИГРЫ ***** Новая Call of Duty: Black Ops III от известной студии Treyarch объединяет 3 режима: кампанию, сетевую игру и «Зомби», являя фанатам самую захватывающую и амбициозную игру серии. Кампанию можно проходить в одиночку или в кооперативном режиме, поддерживающем до 4 игроков. Сетевой режим станет самым впечатляющим в серии, благодаря новым возможностям повышения ранга, настройкам персонализации и подготовки к бою. А режим «Зомби» с собственным сюжетом подарит игрокам бурю острых ощущений. Call of Duty: Black Ops III можно проходить, играя по сети или одному, и впервые для обоих подходов разработана своя система прокачки. Вас ждёт невообразимое количество нововведений: сногсшибательные карты, оружие, способности и новейшая система передвижения. ••••• Особенности игры: ••••• • Полноценная игровая компания с кооперативным режимом. Пройдите историю Black Ops 3 от начала и до конца,сражаясь бок о бок с друзьями! • Новая система передвижения по карте, ранее невиданная в серии Black Ops • Зомби Режим - знаменитый Зомби Режим возвращается во всей своей красе. Атмосфера нуар-детективов и изменяющие геймплей "конфеты", дающие новые способности персонажам, делают данный режим как никогда интересным • Новая система перков для мультиплеера, предающая дополнительную глубину игре
A slideshow of photos from the Booking Dance Festival Beijing 2008. Want to learn more?… Magazine Associate Editor Emily Macel was there. Read her full article in the February 2009 issue of DM.Read More
American Dance Awards High Score Lyrical Solo Westchester Dance Academy, Mount Kisco NY Choreographer-Kelly Burke
18 with a talent been doing this since i was born and i just wanna… started showing my style of dancingRead More
Choreographer Ryan Lohoff (Hollywood Vibe Convention, Live To Dance Finalist) and Los Angeles based Rithem… Company, present a West Coast influenced tap piece to "Kamikaze" by MØ. This rhythm based style of tap choreography focuses on molding traditional tap techniques and patterns to create a synchronous and harmonious blend of tap sounds and music. With Ryan being a versatile dancer himself, you'll also see influences of house and hip hop dance styles.Read More
Forever, a concept piece choreographed by Leah Silva and danced by Reverb Tap Company. Filmed… Ron Silva Reverb Tap Company Dancers: Leah Silva, Hannah Wilson, Kelly Zwolinski, Alexis Juliano, Valerie Rockey https://youtu.be/ucGyBEy75vE Whether your light is God, religion, spirituality, friendship, companionship and or family- we all experience being a light amongst the darkness in this world. In this piece, the darkness is the experience of losing a loved one, either emotionally or physically and the emotions that come with the experience. We must always seek out the light that is always within the darkness, no matter how hard it is to find at times. Dedicated to former Reverb Tap Company member Shay Simons and her beautiful mother Tami Simons, the Simons Family, and to all those we have loved and had to say goodbye to.Read More
Abigail, age 11, Musical Theater at Platinum Dance Competition, March 2016. Choreography by Mandy Domingo,… Limits Dance Studio in Jacksonville, FL .Read More
I am 17 years old and have been dancing since I was 2. I am… in my senior year at The Rock School for Dance Education and will be auditioning for a career in professional ballet this coming spring. I have done modeling for several nationally known dance costume and recital wear companies. One of my personal goals has been to make the cover of a dance magazine. Please vote for me to be Dance Spirit's next Cover Model. Thank you! YAGP 2014 Semi-Finals in Providence, RI 2nd Place Senior Age Division Classical Ballet Category "Medora Variation from Le Corsaire" Choreographer: M. Petipa Teacher: Natasha Zeiger The Rock School for Dance Education Video produced by VAM: Visual Arts MastersRead More
A dance to the song Elijah Rock by the Moses Hogan Chorale. Choreographed and performed… e.tiiRead More
This dance is a little different because it is about my crippling anxiety. The actual… isn't meant to be pretty, but rather raw and vulnerable. It has been a constant mental battle I've been fighting for about 4 years. It didn't start affecting me as much until it stopped me from pursuing my dance career. It stopped me from performing in front of crowds and that is a big part of dancing professionally as many know.... So I started making YouTube videos so that I can get the same satisfaction of entertaining people without actually seeing the audience. While I miss the applause and natural-high of performing on stage, I also enjoy hearing feedback from different people who watch my videos. Hope you enjoy.Read More
Peek inside Pointe's August/September 2011 cover shoot with The National Ballet of Canada's Adji Cissoko.
Here I am in the living room with baby Roldan who, as of this picture, is 4 months old and 8.4 kilograms.
I am a married, 40 year old SAHM of three children, and I live in Michigan. I blog to stay sane while taking care of my computer tech husband, two grade school-age boys, and a toddler daughter. When ... Read more
Follow our daily blogs as we share our lives with you and our experiences as people who love somebody with autism. ... Read more
The life of a silly lil lady that writes about her daily adventures of being a newly wed! ... Read more
The Redhead Riter is witty, intelligent and addictive as she writes about family, marriage, failures, blogging tips, art, humor, inspiration and aging. ... Read more
This blog is owned by a weird girl who finds the musty smell of old yellowish rotting books to be comforting. This is a personal journal with bits and pieces of the literary and photography wanderings ... Read more
This is a blog where I share random stuffs. I share things that are beneficial to me or which I think is important for others to know. I focus more on sharing stuff that can help a person to make ... Read more
My personal weight loss blog which has been morphed into my recovery blog after hurting my back (8mm Herniated Disk) at the gym. This has my life, dreams, struggles, and everything in between. I live ... Read more
Artisan jewellery, home craft, garden accessories, wall art and sculptures made from copper metal, gemstones and glass. Nature inspired hand-crafted designs come from a passion of combining contrasting textures with natural materials and organic forms. Our blog shares the latest natural news, crafty goodness and hand-made updates from British designer Nicola of Earth Balance Craft.
The sports doctor made an appointment for me to see a specialist, while he told me I couldn’t play the rest of the season. He told me I couldn’t skate practices either or I would experience intense hip pain.
How do I begin to tell the story of a friendship that’s going-on-two decades long, where we’ve helped each other build the homes that have gone on to build us:
Remember when video games were seen as unhealthy and bad? That it only promoted violence in young children?
The three most significant moments in the past five years seemed like they happened a million years apart, not within the span of a few years.
Literary editor and publisher Robert Giroux worked with some of the most influential talents of the twentieth century.
Next November marks the centennial anniversary of the end of The Great War. It's hard for me to wrap my mind around that; in my heart, I'm not sure if it will ever feel that far away.
Algonquin’s School of Media and Design offers a two-year program in Professional Writing, designed for people who have an aptitude and passion for writing and a willingness to practise their craft in a variety of media. This is the online portion of that media training. Graduates will possess exemplary writing skills for both print media and electronic platforms, and this is their practice ground.
RT @AtticVoices: What's with Japan and bathroom ghosts? #Japan #Why #Seriously #JapanWhy #SpookyShit #ToiletHorror #PottyHumour… https://t.co/tUzByFv3E6
Algonquin College School of Media & Design | Professional Writing | Writing for the Web | Ottawa, Canada
The following terms and conditions (together with any documents referred to in them) (collectively, these "Terms of Use") apply to your use of any and all websites owned and operated by Energy Magazine. By using this website, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy incorporated herein by reference. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, please do not use this website.
This website (the “Site”) is owned and operated by Energy Magazine, (“We” or “Us”). By using the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use and Service (“Terms and Conditions”) and to use the Site in accordance with these Terms of and Conditions and Service, Privacy Policy, and Refund Policy. These Terms and Conditions are in addition to the terms and conditions that may apply to specific sections of the Site or to products and services available through the Site or from ENERGY MAGAZINE. Accessing the Site, in any manner, whether automated or otherwise, constitutes use of the Site and your agreement to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
ENERGY MAGAZINE may, at any time, revise or modify these Terms of Use or impose new conditions for use of this website. Such changes, revisions or modifications shall be effective immediately upon notice to you, which may be given by any means including, without limitation, posting on the website or by email. Any use of the website by you after such notice shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of such changes, revisions or modifications. ENERGY MAGAZINE may modify this website and its services at any time.
ENERGY MAGAZINE grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. Unless indicated to the contrary, you may access, copy, download and print the content available on this website (including, without limitation, text, design, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, downloads, interfaces, code and software) for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you do not modify or delete any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices that appear in the content. Except as otherwise provided in these Terms of Use, no part of any content on this website may be copied, downloaded or stored in a retrieval system for any other purpose, nor may it be redistributed for any purpose, without the express written permission of ENERGY MAGAZINE. You understand that ENERGY MAGAZINE may discontinue, change, or restrict your use of this website for any reason without notice.
Certain areas of this website may contain personal web pages or profiles, forums and other interactive features that allow you to submit, post, or transmit to other users (hereinafter, “submit”) content on or through the website. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any content you submit on or through the website, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness.
The content is your original work, you own the content or you have permission from the owner of the content to submit such content to the website;
You will only submit content that complies with applicable law and you will not submit content that is abusive, defamatory, obscene, infringing, threatening, repetitive, or otherwise inappropriate, or that contains any viruses or other software that may adversely affect the operation of another's computer;
You grant to ENERGY MAGAZINE the irrevocable right to use, copy, modify, publish, perform, transmit and display such content via any media for any purpose whatsoever, and waive any moral rights you may have in such content.
Any content and/or opinions posted to the website, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by ENERGY MAGAZINE, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity submitting them and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of ENERGY MAGAZINE. ENERGY MAGAZINE is not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of the website.
ENERGY MAGAZINE has the right to remove or refuse to post any user content for any or no reason in our sole discretion. However, ENERGY MAGAZINE cannot review all material before it is posted on the website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party.
This website and its content are protected by copyright, trademark and other applicable United States and international laws. This Site includes proprietary information and material, including graphics, audio/video clips, and editorial content, that is exclusively owned by ENERGY MAGAZINE. This information is protected by all applicable intellectual property laws, including but not limited to trademark and copyright laws. As a condition of your access to this Site, you agree to not use any such proprietary information without the express written consent of ENERGY MAGAZINE.
Refunds for the ENERGY MAGAZINE are strictly governed by the Terms and Conditions set forth upon enrollment in our programs and produce purchases. Except where expressly stated, nothing in these Terms and Conditions modifies or otherwise alters those provisions.
Refund request must be submitted to for authorization. All physical items being returned must be complete of all parts and accessories (if applicable), and be in original and unused condition. The item(s) being returned must be shipped back to ENERGY MAGAZINE within thirty (30) days of the date of delivery. You are free to select the postal courier of your choice and you are responsible for return shipping costs. If all of these conditions are satisfied, ENERGY MAGAZINE will refund the value of the returned item(s) in US Dollars, sales tax included, less our original shipping costs. We will not issue any refunds for returns that do not satisfy all of the conditions indicated above; provided, however, that you will have the option to request within thirty (30) days of being notified that you are not entitled to a refund that the item(s) be shipped back to you, at your own cost (you pay the return shipping costs), in the condition in which the item(s) were received by ENERGY MAGAZINE.
Refunds are processed within approximately five (5) business days of receipt of the item(s). Refunds will be issued in the form of a credit back to the same payment method used to make the original purchase on the Site. The time that it takes for a refund credit to appear on your account may vary based on the form of payment used.
Because we want to maintain the highest level of customer satisfaction and constantly improve our products and programs wherever possible, we may seek input from customers who have submitted a refund request through a short telephone call to understand why the refund was requested.
All information we collect on this website is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using the website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
This website may contain links to websites operated by third parties. ENERGY MAGAZINE provides links to other websites as a convenience to users, and access to any other sites linked to this website is at your own risk. Such linked websites are not under the control of ENERGY MAGAZINE, and ENERGY MAGAZINE is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Links to other websites do not imply ENERGY MAGAZINE's endorsement of any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites.
Unless otherwise set forth in a written agreement between you and ENERGY MAGAZINE, you must adhere to ENERGY MAGAZINE's linking policy as follows: (i) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with ENERGY MAGAZINE's names and trademarks, (ii) the link must "point" to the root domain name of the ENERGY MAGAZINE website and not to other pages within the website, (iii) the appearance, position and other attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated with ENERGY MAGAZINE, (iv) when selected by a user, the link must display the website on full-screen and not within a "frame" on the linking website, and (v) ENERGY MAGAZINE reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion.
This website may require you to register or obtain a password prior to permitting access to the website or certain services available on the website. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration information and password, and for all uses of your password, whether or not authorized by you.
This website, its content and any services obtained through the website are provided to you on an "as is" "as available" basis, without warranties of any kind, and ENERGY MAGAZINE hereby disclaims all warranties, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, and non-infringement. Neither ENERGY MAGAZINE nor any person associated with ENERGY MAGAZINE makes any warranty or representation with respect to the completeness, security, reliability, quality, accuracy or availability of the website, its content or any services obtained through the website. Without limiting the foregoing, neither ENERGY MAGAZINE nor anyone associated with ENERGY MAGAZINE represents or warrants that the website, its content or any services or items obtained through the website will be accurate, reliable, error-free or uninterrupted, that defects will be corrected, that the website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components or that the website, its content or any services obtained through the website will otherwise meet your needs or expectations.
In no event will ENERGY MAGAZINE, its licensors or content providers be liable for damages of any kind, under any legal theory, arising out of or in connection with your use, or inability to use, the website, any content on the website or any services obtained through the website, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, including but not limited to, personal injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business or anticipated savings, loss of use, loss of goodwill, loss of data, and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable. Use of the website, its content and any services obtained through the website is at your sole risk.
You agree to indemnify and hold ENERGY MAGAZINE, its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against ENERGY MAGAZINE, by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site.
ENERGY MAGAZINE is based in the state of Texas in the United States. ENERGY MAGAZINE makes no representation that the information in the website is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to this website from territories where the content of this website may be illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
These Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising out of or related to these Terms of Use, their subject matter or their formation (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms of Use or the website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal or state courts located in San Antonio, Texas. You agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
ENERGY MAGAZINE reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms of Use, including without limitation the right to block access from a particular Internet address to the website and to refer any illegal or unauthorized use of the website to law enforcement.
No waiver of these Terms of Use by ENERGY MAGAZINE shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition, and any failure of ENERGY MAGAZINE to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Any feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the website should be directed to: info@ energymagazineonline.com
Welcome to Energy Magazine, a free bimonthly, online publication. We explore the dynamic field of Energy Medicine, a form of healing that works with the subtle energy fields of the body to restore balance, holistically support health and well-being, and encourage healing.
Want an actual copy of our magazine? Register for an online subscription today. With gorgeous images and thought-provoking content, you won’t want to miss it. Subscribe and receive a free electronic version in your email inbox or purchase a full-color, professional print version through MagCloud.
After a heated debated and s series of verbal exchanges on the floor of the National Assembly the Office of the Auditor General received approval for a budget of GYD$714M after requesting a GYD$790M budget.
It was explained that Finance Minister Winston Jordan would have presented the House with an expenditure budget of $714M after the Auditor General would have requested GYD$790M.
Public Accounts Committee Chairman Irfaan Ali condemned the cut in resources saying that it is important that the Constitutional agency receive the funds that it needs to execute its mandate.
“We should not starve the Auditor General’s office of resources that are required to ensure accountability…The agency itself after determining the work it has to do has decided what resources it need to ensure accountability,” said Ali.
He stated that the monies cut were intended to support the accounting of resources that deal with transparency over public spending.
“Mr Chair, I may be crazy but this crazy man will stand up defend the interest of transparency,” he stated.
Meanwhile Opposition Leader Bharrat Jagdeo stated that the government is cutting the budget for the agency but has granted auditing contracts worth over $100M to private contractors.
“We thought financial autonomy meant that once the constitutional agencies had determined their budgets that those budgets would come unaltered to this national assembly and passed unaltered…any attempts to reduced allocations would be seen as politicking,” said Jagdeo.
He said that what is playing out is the deluding of the Audit office in terms of jurisdiction and power by these surreptitious audits.
“So Mr Speaker we have heard so much about corruption and lack of transparency in this country and we thought this government would be interested in putting more money into the audit office,” he stated.
Meanwhile, Vice President Carl Greenidge defended the move saying that it is transparent and goes hand in hand with the law.
“The Leader of he Opposition must not come here and say that the Minister of Finance is changing without transparency…we have arrived at a process where whatever figure is brought to the house is passed by the House.”
Greenidge pointed out that the Minister of finance routinely cuts the request “so dont tell us about transparency – this is transparency,” adding “autonomy can never mean unlimited access to taxpayer funds.”
We suffered a loss of user accounts registered before 2/1/2018. If you had an account before then, you'll need to re-register. If you want to have your old posts associated with your account, you need to register with the same user name. New registrations will work as before. Email teeling [at] gmail [dot] com and csyetman [at] gmail [dot] com for questions.
Please follow the instructions in that post to have your account activated. 4 1 Feb 4 2011, 03:02 PM
Private discussion area for students in AD and SCup. Will be invisible to members in Coach category. Moderators and up can view. 4 23 Jun 14 2018, 10:09 PM
For those in Coach Class, of course. Private discussion area for coaches of AD and SCup. Moderators and up can view, even if not coaches themselves. 147 1,285 Nov 5 2018, 05:17 PM
This is for serious discussions that aren't necessarily related to any curriculum or competition. Owners of threads can request moderation of topics. Derailing is frowned upon here, so don't make a habit of it. SRS BSNS, like the title says.
How do democratic institutions prevent mass ethnic violence? What are the implications for Mass Ethnic Violence in Africa and Preventing Ethnic Cleansing? H. Zeynep Bulutgil explores these questions in her book, Roots of Ethnic Cleansing in Europe (Cambridge University Press, 2018), which won the Best Book Award in the European Politics and Society Section of the American Political Science Association, 2017.
In the 20th century, tens of millions of people in Europe became victims of deportations and massacres targeting specific ethnic groups. Ethnic cleansing is neither exclusively European nor does it belong to the past. Examples from Rwanda, Sudan, and more recently Myanmar attest to the ongoing importance of understanding this phenomenon.
While writing this book, I made a conscious effort to “read history forward, adopting an ex ante rather than hindsight approach.” When studying the sequence of events in countries that eventually experienced ethnic cleansing, I constantly asked myself what other counterfactual paths were available at the time and why these paths failed to materialize. At the end of this exercise, I was stuck by two observations. First, the political debates in the multi-ethnic societies of the Balkans and Central Europe, which have a reputation for having antagonistic ethnic relations, were usually not about ethnicity but rather about other issues such as economic or religious policy. Often these nonethnic concerns resulted in cross-ethnic political coalitions. Second, I was also stuck by how in the context of wars, ethnic divisions came to dominate over other concerns that typically populate the political space in peacetime.
Departing from these observations, The Roots of Ethnic Cleansing in Europe makes a two-pillared argument. First, in multiethnic contexts, there are often prominent nonethnic cleavages that result in factions that cooperate with other groups and resist ethnic cleansing. Second, territorial wars have a profound impact on the balance between ethnic groups that they do not have over other groups. Specifically, experiences in wars, such as political or military promotion of ethnic minorities, boost the relative strength of factions within dominant groups that favor ethnic cleansing.
I provide a variety of empirical evidence from 20th century Europe. I find that ethnic minorities in countries with less competitive systems or weaker class-based parties were more than ten times more likely to be victims of ethnic cleansing. Furthermore, those minority ethnic groups that experienced political promotion during wars were some seventy times more likely to be targeted with ethnic cleansing than other groups. Historical cases in the book such as interwar-Czechoslovakia, interwar Poland, and the Ottoman Empire also provide a sense of how cross-ethnic coalitions that exist during peacetime get dismantled during wars.
Additionally, my book and related article show that in contexts such as Austro-Hungary and Russia during WWI, political parties that focused on nonethnic cleavages prevented or reversed the decision to use ethnic cleansing. The politics of these empires during WWI stand in contrast to that of the Ottoman Empire, where the liberal political faction open to minority collaboration had lost political relevance after the Balkan Wars in 1912-1913.
The lack of salient nonethnic cleavages can also explain why extreme nationalists sometimes come to power before wars. In Bosnia, the nationalists came to power in November 1990 elections and the ethnic cleansing campaign started immediately after the beginning of the civil war in 1992. Using existing data and fieldwork, I show that explanations that depict interethnic relations in Bosnia as antagonistic due to historical memory do not pass empirical scrutiny. Instead, the quick descend to ethnic cleansing was an unintended consequence of communist policies. After forty-five years of communist rule, alternative cleavages that could result in cross-ethnic coalitions such as class or religious-secular divisions had largely disappeared. This setup gave a distinct advantage to the nationalist parties in the first post-communist elections and made it difficult to avoid civil war and ethnic cleansing.
The book has notable implications for Africa. First, recent research on African countries suggests that cross-cutting cleavages also serve as barriers against mass ethnic violence in this context. This research shows that during the civil war in Ivory Coast, divisions within the Christian southerners and connections to Muslim northerners made genocide against the latter unlikely. Similarly, in Mali, the everyday practice of “cousinage ties” between clans and ethnic groups helped avoid a genocidal outcome.
Second, The Roots of Ethnic Cleansing identifies and accounts for a puzzling observation about post-imperial Europe and Africa: ethnic cleansing has been much less common in post-colonial Africa compared to Central and Eastern Europe in the period that followed the collapse of multi-national empires. As I argue in the book, this observation can be explained by the relative absence of territorial wars in Africa, a trend that has been highlighted by other scholars.
The main policy implication of the book relates to the potential role of democratic institutions in preventing mass ethnic violence. My findings suggest that institutional arrangements that allow for competition among multiple political parties, even when they do not fulfill all the procedural requirements for democracy, could decrease the likelihood of ethnic cleansing. Yet this outcome would only be possible if the political system includes influential political parties that emphasize identity categories other than ethnicity. From this perspective, it becomes easier to understand why the introduction of competitive political systems in contexts such as Iraq has thus far not prevented, perhaps even fueled, ethnic violence.
H. Zeynep Bulutgil will join the Department of Political Science at University College London as a Lecturer in International Relations in September 2018. She has previously taught at Tufts University.
baby nursery twin room decorating idea with brown wooden cream rug, awesome amazing area rugs add flair to any nursery center cream rug, outstanding extraordinary area rugs for nursery room your home cream rug,amazing nursery decor motive area rugs for carpet throughout cream rug,kids room appealing nursery ideas for baby boy offering cool and cream rug , excellent trendy nursery rugs interiors in cream rug, star nursery rug children baby rugs cream,cream rug nursery ivory off white soft cotton,cream rug nursery pink crib with shelving unit contemporary, baby nursery astonishing room decoration with black crib cream rug.
Summer is around the corner and who is not excited? I absolutely love summer! I always have. If you meet me in person – first thing you will notice is that I wear summer tops year round, yes even when it is 40 Degree Fahrenheit outside. I layer up with open front sweaters and jackets…
Ricky has had cold & cough for few days now and nothing seemed to be helping. I find myself turning to natural remedies when nothing else works. He is a tea lover so I drove to a nearby store first thing in the morning with a mission to make him a masala chai. Chai literally…
I was sitting on my bed tonight wondering what my next post should be. I knew that it had to be something meaningful. Something different then the girly stuff I like to write about. This Blog is still a new born baby and I want this to be reflection of who I am as a…
This is the only Duncan Sheik website that offers its visitors free e-mail! Stay in touch with all your friends, and let everyone, everywhere know you're a fan--all at this site!
It’s 2016 and a lot is going on. There’s the presidential election and those born in 1995(!) at some...
Here’s our calendar. Click on the dates and it will display articles we published on that date. It’s also just a calendar.
QR code for this page. Right click on the image and select 'Copy image' or 'Save image as...' to take a copy of this QR code. Add it to a worksheet for students to scan and jump immediately to this page. Or just display this pop-up box on your classroom projector.
This week, the Challoner's GCSE, AS and A2 Theatre Studies groups went on a visit to London to see the award-winning production of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night Time. Based on the book by Mark Haddon, this theatrical version, adapted by Simon Stephens at the Gielgud Theatre was incredible. The show centres around a boy with Asperger's Syndrome, Christopher Boone, who is found at the scene of a local crime, where a dog is discovered stabbed with a pitch fork. After going to the police station, Christopher travels out on a detective investigation to find who killed the dog, Wellington, which eventually leads him on a dangerous mission into London.
The set design is a marvel in itself, with the grid-like box structure seeming to symbolise Christopher's overly logical mind. Accompanied by marvellous projections, this was a highly stylised, visually appealing performance.The relatively small cast, each playing multiple rolls, performed with energy and enthusiasm, with the actor playing Christopher never leaving the stage throughout the entire performance - an astounding feat for such a complex character.
All of the students thoroughly enjoyed the trip out and the GCSE and AS classes will be writing an evaluative document to this production which will go towards their coursework in Theatre Studies. Who knows? Maybe we might see something similar from the GCSE or A level performance pieces in the future!
over 540 career coaching victories - only the second high school football coach in history to reach 500 wins;
Distinguished member of the National Federation of State High School Associations (NFHS) Hall of Fame (2015);
With its popularity, the Wing T has become a focus of defenses all over the country. Coach Curtis details the technique and teaching points the make up his winning defense against the Wing T. The trap, buck sweep and waggle play are all weapons that must be stopped by the defense. Blocking schemes in the trap are diagrammed using the white board. A key is the tackle, who must make the trap before the offense gets started. Also, forcing the ball in helps eliminate the guards from the play. The quick fake and quick option are two attacks that must be stopped by the defense. The misdirection counter play is presented in a detailed manner, including responsibilities of all players. Good offenses are using the slot, double and power to score points. Coach Curtis shows how the 50 defense can be utilized to stop all three attacks.
Disability Can Do is an independent user led charity that works with, and for disabled adults and carers and places their needs and aspirations at the centre of everything we do
To enable disabled people to have a voice locally, regionally and nationally and promote their right to be involved in decision-making about their lives.
To raise awareness about the barriers to inclusion disabled people face especially with regard to health, housing, transport, employment, education
Promoting the right of disabled people to be involved in decision-making about their lives and about what goes on in their community.
Disabled people don't want to be segregated from society so Disability Can Do is working to provide services that will enable them to lead fully inclusive lives.
While plenty of drivers can operate a vehicle with a cracked vehicle and it not limit their view, it’s not something you want to ignore for very long. Rather than taking a risk and experiencing one of the many potential dangers of driving with a cracked windshield, let our expert glass specialists at Discount Auto Glass hook you up with a brand new one. ... Full story
10 “Syria’s role in our fight is very powerful and permanent.” Hasan Cemal, Kürtler [Kurds], (İstanbul: Doğan Kitap, 2004), 41.
12 William Wallace, “Looking After the Neighbourhood: Responsibilities for the EU-25”, Notre Europe Policy Paper, No. 4, July 2003, 19.
15 Richard Youngs, “Ten Years of the Barcelona Process: A Model for Supporting Arab Reform?”, FRIDE Working Paper, No. 2, January 2005, 10.
17 William Wallace, “Looking After the Neighbourhood: Responsibilities for the EU-25”, Notre Europe Policy Paper, No. 4, July 2003, 17.
18 Richard Youngs, “Ten Years of the Barcelona Process: A Model for Supporting Arab Reform?”, FRIDE Working Paper, No. 2, January 2005, 8.
19 Timo Behr and Ruth H. Santini, “Comment: Sarkazoy’s Mediterranean union plans should worry Brussels”, EU Observer, November 12, 2007.
28 Bülent Gokay, “The Politics of Oil in the Back Sea Area: Turkey and Regional power Rivalries”, in Politics of the Black Sea Dynamics of Cooperation and Conflict, ed. Tunç Aybak (London: I.B. Tauris, 2001), 18.
29 It promotes a new link between East and West by facilitating the overland transport of goods from Europe to Asia and vice versa. Please see http://www.mt.gov.tr/eubak/projects/international for more information on transport projects in the Black Sea region.
30 TRACECA program is an EU funded (partly) project on construction of a transport corridor between Europe, Caucasus and Asia.
The need to seek justice creates very strong and powerful emotional responses in us human beings. At the same time I cannot imagine that Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. would not have endorsed or been happy about all of the rioting that took place in Ferguson, Missouri. He would have been a part of an organized protest and he would have cautioned people to seek peace yet let God have the last word.
In my latest book, "Healthy Family, Happy Life: What Healthy Families Learn From Healthy Moms" I devote a chapter to helping families teach peace because I believe a peaceful heart and soul is a necessary requirement for health. I named the chapter, "The Significance of Loving Others" because unless we can love others for who they are we will never find peace.
I believe that the mother is the heart of the home and I am thankful and grateful that I have been able to raise my (now grown) children as accepting, peaceful, and loving individuals. I think a lot of this has to due with their being raised to understand and appreciate people from many cultures, creeds, colors, beliefs, and religions. As Christians, my family tries not to judge people for having different beliefs than we do, but instead, without losing ourselves or our beliefs and positions on life's most important issues, we try to love unconditionally those who God has created different from us. I know that this started early in life as my husband and I talked to children, prayed for and with them, as we prayed together for others. I strongly believe the issue of helping to create peace in the world is greater than just tolerating another person. Our actions must transcend tolerance and instead embrace a spirit of love and acceptance, even when people believe or look different from ourselves.
One of the most rewarding and inspiring things I have done in my life is to align myself with the The Global Peace Foundation and The Coalliton For American Renewal I have been blessed beyond measure to share the speaking platform or special times over a meal with my Muslim, Jewish, Hindu, and Buddhist friends who all come together several times a year for one purpose: to try and create more peace and harmony around the globe. A highlight for me is when I get to address international audiences sharing the subject of first practicing peace within ourselves and peace in our home. I am passionate about my assertion that peace begins with me. From there it translates into family peace, neighborhood and local peace, national peace, and finally global peace. How can one expect to find peace outside if they don't have it inside? And of course loving ourselves and loving God are equally as important as loving others; two other subjects I address in my book. We are all "one family under God" and Jesus told us to "love your neighbor as yourself." It's important to keep in mind, our neighbors are not just the ones that we live next door to. Our neighbors are every single person who we come in contact with.
What can you do today that can promote peace? The sign above is from the protests that followed the tragic killing of Mike Brown in Ferguson, Missouri and I believe it's words are meant to enlist more unrest and disharmony. If we look to the teachings of all the great men and women who have gone before us, those who were the embodiment of peace, I hope you can agree that I the sign might do more good if it read, "No Justice, Find Peace (anyway)"
"Finally, brothers and sisters, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things." Phillipians 4:8 NIV
How do we find peace after Ferguson? We find it by coming together with our families and our neighbors and by leading honest discussions about love and acceptance. We teach peace. We pray fervently like the peace on this earth depended on it. We attend great peace-keeping rallies, festivals, conventions, and conferences like the one coming up September 19-21 in Washington, D.C. called The Global Peace Leadership Conference.
“ Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. ” Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Thank you for taking the time to comment on my blog. Please try to stay on the topic and remember also that there are many who are struggling through all kinds of challenges. Let's all be kind and thoughtful with our comments please! :D
Custom canvas with decoupage. Cute! Can contain any other issues being great to celebrate dates and/or events.
These Sales Leads Are Resold To Multiple Advertisers Which Are Then Followed Up Through Phone Calls By The Sales People.
With the right company, you can create a recurring income that you can retire on, them to a day tour package which provides them several options to improve their bottom line. At that time, itÃ¢ÂÂs safe to say that Cable TV|Media Planning a significant train your team or hire new employees, this is a good route. of the top 20 MLM-related search terms had to do with "leads!" That's a but there are only so many of those to go around. You should show professionalism and let you potential customer know lead generation for their MLM -- they do not exactly understand how it works, why it works and how it is different from other types of PPC advertising.
In lead generation the most likely prospects are Internet marketing, B2B Appointment Setting, Direct Mail, SEO and so on. Choice of Automation: Several lead generation campaigns have failed owing to the lack of centralized control - the people can gift up to $11,000 per calendar year to another individual with no tax guilt. Direct mail—It can be expensive, so find out generating a lot of leads, but is ideally about generating good, targeted leads. This involves coming up with strategies that the company strategy and generating quality leads is a daily requirement for the successful functioning of the company in the marketplace.
Previous Previous post: Textured Plush: This Has A Decorative, Smooth Cut Pile Surface Which Hides The Footprints And Vacuum Marks.
The biggest mistake people make when trying to improve their posture is forgetting to strengthen postural muscles. They just sit up straight then after about 20 min they’re back to slouching because their muscles cannot maintain it. I have some exercises that I’ve used for years to strengthen posture. Here are some of the exercises that I recommend. Here are some others that I’ve presented in a prior post. Give them a try and see how your posture improves.
Looking forward retract your chin straight back, not down. You can use your hand to push it back if needed.
This exercise can be overdone and you will feel a little sore the next morning if you do, so perform these chin retractions no more than about 5 times a day with 10 reps each time.
With your arms out in front of you retract just your shoulders back and down bringing the shoulder blades together.
This exercise is more mental than physical. It is designed to remind your brain to use these lower muscles to stabilize your upper back.
These exercises are for informational purposes and are not intended to be a substitute for examination, diagnosis and treatment by your physician chiropractic or otherwise.
This entry was posted in Chiropractic and tagged Chiropractic, Chiropractor, posture on June 12, 2014 by Christopher Duncan.
Select Month March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 April 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 January 2013 May 2012 February 2012 November 2011 August 2011 July 2011 March 2011 June 2010 March 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008
The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms is a bill of rights entrenched in the Constitution of Canada. The Charter guarantees certain political rights to Canadian citizens and civil rights of everyone in Canada from the policies and actions of all areas and levels of government. It is designed to unify Canadians around a set of principles that embody those rights.
People seem to forget that Puerto Rico is part of America. I know you haven’t — you’re a regular reader, which means you pick up on the important stuff like that.
But this is an especially important point right now because the news is failing to make a very important distinction when they discuss the death toll from Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico, which you’ve heard by now is actually about 75 times greater than the “official” number that’s been released.
Officially, the number stands at 64. That’s how many people Donald Trump would like you to believe have died since the worst hurricane to hit Puerto Rico in a hundred years wiped out most of their municipal services for an extended period of time — that in some areas persists to this very day.
Today, at the beginning of hurricane season for the tiny island, some 11,000 people are still without power. But more importantly, that official government death tally is off by a factor of about 75: The actual number of those who have died as a direct or indirect result of Hurricane Maria is closer to 4,600 people.
But with the news networks finally reporting the actual death toll, regardless of whether they’re correcting the Governor of Puerto Rico or Donald Trump himself, there must be some response from the president, right?
That’s right, Trump is excited about how much the response to Hurricane Maria — largely considered the biggest failure of the Trump administration — has improved the “brand” of the United States and the US Coast Guard, who did much of the heavy lifting for what assistance Trump actually deigned to send the island territory.
He completely ignores that real death count, considering only how the nominal actions he took make him look in terms of a legacy. That’s a man in deep, deep denial about the value of human life.
Andrew hates long walks on the beach, glitter, and men's rights activists. He can usually be found with his long-suffering wife, who can usually be found asking him to please not order onions on that burger, babe.
Roadsky Traffic Safety can manufacture traffic cones in different materials, sizes, color and weight etc. All specifications can be customized according to specific requirements.
Wedding around the corner? Work event fast approaching? Family function next weekend? No need to stress! No matter what the occasion, we have the look for you! Just like these standout dresses from Apricot, we’re all about bringing you pieces that have the perfect harmony of functionality, versatility and of course, style! These beauties feature a subtle fit and flare cut to create an effortless hour glass shape, V-line back and asymmetrical front. Pair these stunners with a black strappy heel and statement necklace to really turn some heads!
Tags: 613 fashion, 613 style, Apricot, best boutique ottawa, boutique shopping, byward market shopping, event dresses, fashion blog, formal dresses, midi dresses, ottawa fashion, wedding attire, women's fashion
Lace detailing that is to die for! This amazing dress just landed in store and we are obsessed. The perfect transition dress for the next few seasons, pair with black tights and heels for the Winter but then the floral pattern is also perfect for Spring and Summer! The water colour style flower print is super delicate and the black trim in the middle creates a slimming effect.
Roadtrip is your ultimate style destination. Our buyers travel the world so that you can find a unique style to call your own. The brands we showcase consist of a large number of emerging new designers as well as many established and well-known lines. We have an amazing store location situated in Ottawa’s Byward Market district, where the stock moves fast and we receive great new items everyday! We welcome you and hope that you visit the shop (and this rad blog) often.
Click the "Like" button above to become our fan on Facebook and access exclusive contests and announcements!!!
*We are tucked away in the Clarendon Courtyard off of York Street, and located right beside Planet Coffee. If this is your first time in the area, please call us and we will point you in the right direction.
This trip had been planned a long time in advance. My friend Shawn had invited me to go with him to Disneyland for their very special, once-a-year Christmas candlelight concert. We had the tickets, we had the rooms, the flight was booked … we were ready to go. Then I got sick. Really sick. In the hospital sick. Shawn assured me everything could be cancelled, no pressure. But I really wanted to go! I’d been out of the hospital for a week and was feeling okay, but then I did something that I normally would not do. I asked the doctor if it would be okay, and I promised myself that I would abide by his decision. “It’s a short plane flight,” I told him, “and we’re not going to be rushing around — this is going to be a leisurely, sit-on-the-bench and watch people kind of vacation.” He hesitated for… Read More »
**NEW BOOKING** Party DJ at Concorde Conference Centre, Wilmslow Old Rd, Altrincham WA15 8XQ, UK November 10, 2018
Such an odd place to have a party, especially with images like this one around the walls. #robkatesdj has work to do though!! November 8, 2018
**NEW BOOKING** Party DJ at IWM North, Trafford Wharf Rd, Stretford, Manchester M17 1TZ, UK October 30, 2018
**NEW BOOKING** DJ for 60th birthday party at St Kentigerns Irish Social Club, 36 Wilbraham Rd, Fallowfield, Manchester M14 7DW, UK October 23, 2018
Still thinking about the latest Batman Movie Masquerading as a Superman Movie… I really like the Bat vehicles. I mean, they can’t hold a candle to the Nolanverse stuff, but for this world and what he’s doing with it, I’m digging it. The diving board action of the Bat plane… and the way these gull wing doors swoop open and give that familiar bat motif… but with cannons…
1. Tim Miller moments mount: With all the Deadpool heat, a lot of film fans are seeing Miller like an unknown that came out of nowhere. I was aware of his FX background but didn’t have much of a sense of what he had done. Today, we’ve got some cool stuff floating around that broadens that background a bit.
Remember this? The 6 minute mini-movie introducing the DC Universe game? I loved it so much when it came out, and rewatching it today, I’m very focused on how he uses scale and handicam style focus to make you feel like you are part of the action (especially with the giant)…
And speaking of those same tricks (including a giant) here’s a series of three animated shorts commissioned by Marvel prior to launching the MCU Phase 1, as a means of increasing awareness about Iron Man as a character. Too much! Love it… and how trippy is it that it seems to foreshadow a lot of the first Avengers film?
3. I remain optimistic about the new Ghostbusters… but Mayhem looks…OK (we saw him in the Lego stuff last week)… but Rowan? I mean…
4. Lung sent me this amazing short, Cthupid, by Giovanni Braggio. I’ve watched it thrice. The only thing better than her taking photos is the sound FX in general…
5. Look, if money weren’t an issue, I’d happily drop cash for an electric resto of an old air-cooled Type II…
6. Read about this one right before we started recording last night, and we talked about it briefly…
it’s a very future is now moment. I’m not sure if pop culture ate itself or whatever, but I’m fascinated.
7. A great think piece from Cracked* on how Us Vs. Them psychology explains a lot about how seemingly rational people get caught up in seemingly irrational causes and beliefs.
1. Surprising precisely zero people, first out of the gate, not one day after the holiday weekend and Deadpool’s record-busting haul, Wolverine 3 is now carrying an R-Rating as a goal. Because of course it is. At least it wasn’t TMNT 2.
2. Disney/Pixar’s legendary Dan Gerson passed away from brain cancer at age 49 last week. Sad event, and the ripple effect on these future films will be felt.
3. Unapologetically adore this piece from Dan Luvisi. I’m in that irrational camp of people who choose to believe Boba Fett was a bad ass and DID NOT GO DOWN LIKE THAT.
4. Idris Elba’s Bastille Day (delayed due to the Paris setting for obvious reasons) looks like a pretty average Bourne clone. HOWEVER. All spy thrillers are Bourne clones now, even Bond… so you say where I’m going with that statement. PLEASE.
5. Mike Winkelmann’s recent interview led me to his own page, where I lost track of time, and space, and timespace… it’s a great note, where they ask about his floating imagery… something I love in his work as well. He also notes daily projects, which i also think is critical, though sometimes challenging to be consistent.
8. Here’s a new Lego set that sort of caught my eye: a Hoth vignette kit. Vignettes are actually pretty good for younger builders with shorter attention spans, though less fun for adults. I really like the white protocol droid.
10. There’s no here here, but I’m just stoked that filming has commenced, and that Johnson is behind the camera. Cameras. Something.
11. I couldn’t resist, and watched the teaser for the GoT upcoming season. They certainly make a point of putting SOON TO BE REINCARNATED Jon Snow in the death ledger. Then again, great conceit putting everyone else in there too…
12. Daniel Craig leaving Bond is not a new rumor, but it is heating up again after being dormant the last several months (after his interview comments)… he’s signed on to lead a scripted, unsold TV series called Purity. So, that could be a thing. Probably more about schedule and attempting to force the studio into giving him a break between Bond films, as they were talking about hammering through to the next one while he was still in shape and hadn’t punched anyone in craft services yet.
Found a new collection of poster style art recently, and this one I adored. So much so that I’ve made it the film’s cover art in my collection.
So, this was an assumed temporary exercise, given the materials involved, but I wanted to play with protecting the surface of these devices from light scuffing and scratches, but not in any way assuming to be true protection, really just that and a bit of an aesthetic change. These matte vinyl sheets are options from the manufacturer, where all the other options are of course various graphic designs. They are designed to cover a certain amount of the surface, but not completely conceal the aluminum casing. I like the one for the MBP because it stops short of the edges. The one for the iPad Pro wraps around and tries to fit the buttons and such, and it’s impossible to get lined up just so. As a result, I have one edge where the vinyl is juuuuuust close enough to the plane of the screen to allow it to lift up when you are holding it with your hand. So that’s impossibly aggravating, and I’m sure I will be Xacto’ing that down soon. The other annoyance on large sheets of vinyl, just like when applying screen protectors to phones, is that in some cases you cant get rid of the air bubbles. On vehicle vinyl wrap they use a heat wrap to ease fitment. Not ideal with electronics. Anyway, if nothing else, you have to appreciate my white vinyl appliques on top of these. I’m using this setting for the devices in my network at the moment. Everything is named after different vehicles, companies, etc from the Aliens universe. Because reasons.
So SW8 has officially begun filming, which is exciting. I know we’re already seeng SW fatigue among some mainstream fan quarters, but not this guy. I especially appreciate the sequencing approach they took, inserting the side films in between the main ones so we don’t have such a wait between SW franchise films. Pretty great!
This is a First Order TIE Fighter I’ve been building with the kids. It has been somewhat delayed because my son took the inner core of the ship and added a bunch of doodads and made it into a jetspeeder bike, so I’m waiting for him to lose interest so we can resume.
I don’t have time to read. It’s killing me. I’m working, drawing, raising kids, doing house improvements, trying to get riding in, etc. and it’s been a thing. I made a point of setting some time aside each week to sit down and do some real, physical media reading, trying to put a dent in my tall stack of books in the queue… but as an aside, I’m still three years behind on my comics reading. This is untenable. It’s so bad that Marvel and DC have relaunched their universes, and then are relaunching them AGAIN, and I’m still two universes back.
I love the concept of sale pricing on wonky vegetables. Especially if they are called wonky vegetables. We tend to buy organic produce and that is invariably smaller, lumpier, less picture perfect than the engineered stuff. But I like the idea that they aren’t just tossing the three legged carrots and the like. Personally, I go AFTER the weird ones. I like heirloom tomatoes because they like Akira act 3 half the time…
BW Wong has been cast as Batman villain Hugo Strange. This is yet one more case where Gotham can’t wrap their head (the show’s head?) around a world without Batman… but anyway, it’s if nothing else an interesting casting decision. I loved him on Law and Order for years.
The long-awaited “budget” Tesla is now on the schedule for a March ordering release date, starting at $35K with up to $10K in government rebates. I’m stoked it’s happening, even if I’m not yet in the market.
Hasbro has made a big deal about their ‘second wave’ of SW stuff, but come on, this is just embarrassing. Here’s the relaunch of the Monopoly game with a Rey included instead of someone like Darth Vader who wasn’t even in the movie. I think the smarter play would have been to eat crow and then offer the figure as a free item shipped to anyone who bought the set. Come on.
If you saw Chef, you probably had a mini seizure around one of two dishes (or both) lovingly filmed: the grilled cheese, and the cubano. Now Favreau has shared the recipe for the latter. Good lord, as birthday boy Go Dorito says, “WANT TO TOUCH THE HEINIE!”
These were my thoughts exactly, after seeing Deadpool: get ready for a metric ton of irreverent, cursing, 4th wall busting bullshit clones of the film…
I don’t know if any of you are watching Silicon Valley, but these teaser for the upcoming season was spot on.
Bryan Fuller being tapped to do a Star Trek series was interesting, but this concept for a new captain was orders of magnitude more exciting than that. I’d be so down.
“Amazon updated the terms of service for AWS accordingly, adding a section that says the Lumberyard platform can not be used for life-saving or safety-critical equipment like spacecraft or military arms.
“However, this restriction will not apply in the event of the occurrence (certified by the United States Centers for Disease Control or successor body) of a widespread viral infection transmitted via bites or contact with bodily fluids that causes human corpses to reanimate and seek to consume living human flesh, blood, brain or nerve tissue and is likely to result in the fall of organized civilization,” section 57.10 of the terms document says.”
On this thrilling Episode of Robot Kraken, Kris and Thom discuss their take on the new X-Files episodes, Action figures and the plight of buying female figures for Thom’s daughter, Face-Off and more!
ROBOT KRAKEN is a semi regular podcast by two indie artists, Kristopher McClanahan of Deeply Dapper and Thom Chiaramonte of the Third Rail Design Lab. We get together and talk about comics, movies, working the table at comic cons, life in this nerdy wonderland, and whatever mumblings from the deep we come across. You can find out more about us, contact us or follow along our journey at robot-kraken.com
I’m not on a Batman V Superman blackout, so I watched this, or well, 3s of it, even before Lung emailed me and warned me not to, and at the time of this writing, looking forward to some time away from bar din in order to finish it. If you have a blackout on, don’t watch. If not, SMASH MOUTH!
1. Pickle and Peanut. THIS. My son was watching it while we were home sick on Monday. I heard this intro from the other room, and I had to come investigate. I ended up watching the entire episode and blowing a conference call. It involved ‘Wizard Fest’, a parody of Renaissance Faire. it was awesome. Pickle had a mutton leg in his hand half the time, and they kept doing these strange moves where some attaboy lettering would flash on the screen with rad dudes yelling it, like some Insane Clown Posse thing. In one case, Pickle jumped from some high elevation, and landed upside down IN Peanut’s underwear (back to back, 180 degrees, basically) and it roared STUCK THE LANDING! with glitter graphics.
2. Here’s a piece on DC/WB’s move to market the DC heroes to younger girls. I’m of two minds, of course. Make it three minds. Putting characters in school and having them navigate the activities and challenges of young girl relationships isn’t the only way to write for girls. Why can’t it be adventuring? I’ve seen many shows on the Disney channels that focuses on strong female characters but in other genre environments. So, I don’t know. On the other hand, it’s like Lego Friends. At least SOMETHING is being put out that isn’t aimed squarely at the boys.
5. I can’t make heads or tails of this new film with Sam Rockwell and legit nerd Anna Kendrick. It could be awesome. It could be derivative. But given those involved, I’m holding out hope.
7. The Battlestar Galactica reboot is greenlit again, this time as a multi-film franchise. That’s the hope. Look, if they could do even a fraction of what they accomplished on the BSG series earlier this… well, century… that would rock. But as much as I liked the look and style of it, it was the tone, the scripts, the general urgency and dark emotional nature of it that worked for me. So, this could go either way. If it’s just another Hollywood blockbuster with giant alien ships and massive destruction and no emotional core… or script… than it’s going to be frustrating.
1. A not so subtle reminder of the wildly uneven design choices in the MCU Cap uniforms. I prefer the original, and the Winter Soldier. The others bother me for various reasons. Coincidentally, or not, I’ve only drawn those two versions.
2. These are the donuts I resisted a few weeks back when doing a donut hole run for my kids. Look at that bacon maple bar. JUST LOOK.
5. My kids have these sticky, stretchy, ‘wall crawler’ robots. Look what I spotted on the ceiling the other day, just randomly hanging out.
6. Ironlung spotted this one. Pretty great, but I suspect my Ello Asty is not a good choice, which is a shame.
7. I wasn’t a superfan of Dan Stevens, either on Downton Abbey, or upon his abrupt exit from the show (a la David Caruso and HIS dreams of big breaks) so his return to TV in this series isn’t interesting to me. However, I WAS surprised that this was Aubrey Plaza’s next role…
8. While there’s more to this than simply tying a rope to your iphone… it remains a surprisingly simple and awesome video hack. The footage is boring, but what a neat concept… I might try this on my bike, with a GoPro… for science. On a steep winding descent. Before I ghost.
9. Great look at the new ECTO-1 released for the film… and a demon, the first bugaboo I’ve seen so far.
Hail, Caesar!Hail Caesar is an interesting problem. The Coen Brothers are certainly no strangers to the disconnect between what THEY find interesting, and what the audience might be able to tolerate. In fact, I’ve always felt that their mainstream successes have seemed almost like the unseen machinations of some curiously sarcastic time traveler, engineering this material to be out in the world when, if unmolested, mainstream viewers shouldn’t, and wouldn’t, have the palate for it. The fact is, while I concede that Big Lebowski, Oh Brother and No Country each had good pacing and slightly less obtuse narrative flow than their normal fare, I’ve never looked at any of these films and thought ‘mainstream’… which is not to suggest I’m a coffeeshop film snob. I have just generally found myself the only one in the theater with whatever shooting out of my nose. I recall, during The Man Who Wasn’t There, losing my breath and gasping and wheezing from laughter, and coming to my senses and the theater was dark, still, and silent.
Caesar is a typical Coen Brothers project in that it is many things at once, and not afraid to play with dichotomy. It IS, as the critics declare, a love letter to Hollywood’s golden age. But it is also a biting satire of that same system. They slavishly recreated the look and feel of some incredible numbers from the song and dance era, and in typical fashion for them, built a world that is stylistically notional to true history: much like the Capitol Pictures of Barton Fink (again, featured in this film) the Hollywood of the Coen Brothers is sunny, perfect, and artificial. The characters breeze in and out of the affected narrative of the Coen Brothers script, equally parts of the madcap, almost frenetic interaction and at the same time, troubled observers of cracks in the dyke, the way many of the Coen’s creations are both critical of, and necessary to, the context of the story. This love letter paints some wonderful scenes, but the edge is there. Witness the initially perfunctory but quickly mind-numbing pre-meeting with various religious representatives, or the earnestness in which the Communists spout ideology while at the same time lust for revenge and a payout. Everything is a target here: the blacklist, celebrities who profess to be philosophical, the Studio System, actors as commodities, journalists, corporate types, the French… and as usual, the Coens make each character compelling, even when they’re fodder for the joke.
This was one of their best comedies, I think. It didn’t strike the same chord as Hudsucker or Lebowski, but it was a worthy addition to their ‘Period’ series of films, and felt like a Yin-Yang parallel to Barton Fink, which spoke to some of the same absurdities of the Hollywood system of the day, but from a depressed, lonely, screenwriter’s perspective with a nod to noir intrigue. However, this was their worst opening to date. Part of me wonders if its a product of the timing of its release: the box office is dominated by an earnest, fantastic piece of cinematic nostalgia, and the Oscars are being lampooned for their insular focus on white, safe industry darlings. Perhaps the viewing public was neither in the mood for this sort of film, or its subject matter. Perhaps its loose plot and slow pace was too droll for most people to enjoy. Not sure. But the film earned critical acclaim (surprising, in a way, given that the press, and film buffs, are notoriously sensitive about work critical of their world) and mediocre at best fan ratings. It will be interesting to see how it is viewed in the years to come. Recall many of the Coen Brothers’ most interesting works barely made a blip on the big screen.
– Busby Berkeley is well represented here, with the flawless aquatic sequence, cut short by the actor (Scarlett Johansson) breaking character at the last minute
– Gene Kelly’s work was present here as well, in the imagery from Anchors Aweigh and the general cocksure confidence (and tight pants) of the actor’s work in general (as seen in Channing Tatum’s character)
– Donald O Conner is here too, as Channing Tatum’s bar table tap sequence owes much to Applied Mathematics:https://youtu.be/4pTxqb7nQEY
-While Manix is based on a real fixer from the Studio days (See Hollywoodland) I thought it was particularly interesting that the character was unnecessary. He fixed nothing. Clooney’s character, Baird Whitlock, was discovered by Hobie Doyle; Scarlett’s character, DeeAnna Moran, is ultimately married to the director, Laurence Laurentz (excellent wordplay in the script on this name) who knocked her up (Ralph Fiennes again killing it) as Manix had suggested, but without his involvement; The Thacker twins pursued their stories regardless of his excuses; the ransom paid for Clooney’s character’s return was lost; Hobie’s dialog problems were resolved through a screenwriting change… Manix, supposedly so pivotal to the studio’s security and branding that he hand-wrung over his headhunter recruitment temptations, in the end spun around in circles.
I’m looking forward to seeing this movie 333 times, as per the usual process with Coen Brothers films…
EDIT: I forgot to mention one critical point: Manix WAS important, and did accomplish something major: he saved the life of the film editor, who seemed to me to be a nod to Anne V. Coates… when he pulled the safety switch and turned off the rollers that were pulling her scarf and strangling her. What I found interesting here was that his value was towards a back of house, invisible employee, not the executives and celebs he was tasked with handling.
The latest Cap trailer came out for thesuperbowls, and we saw many good things. New Ant-man costume. Bucky in stasis. And my favorite part: Stark grabbing a bullet.
4. These figures were well sculpted. I acted fast, to get the WW for my daughter before they disappeared.
5. These minimal designs are really great. And I love metal application. If I had any display space left…
6. Pandemic + EA = MEH; the story of the Dark Knight game that fell apart just before the film was released, costing WB about a million in related ticket revenue, and Pandemic their entire studio.
7. These comments from George Miller about the collapse of JLI Mortal have been going around, and aren’t very interesting. However, I DO like this fan art. Sharp nosed Batman!
8. Bourne got its first official trailer during thesuperbowls, and I was thoroughly underwhelmed. Which is not to say I won’t love the film, just that, as a trailer, it did little for me other than annoy me with hyperbole ‘WE NEED THE PERFECT WEAPON!’….
9. Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates… I didn’t know anything about this until the trailer was force fed to me by Youtube this morning. Interestingly, what I liked most about it wasn’t the gratuitous Aubry Plaza undie ass shots… but rather, that she continues to take on roles that are different, and interesting diversions, from her Parks character, which is something I wasn’t sure would be possible. Last week it was casting confirmation on X-Men: Legion, and now this. But even better, I’m enjoying the conceit here that the douchey guys are getting out-douched by the girls. Not a bad premise, for this sort of film, if they can pull the tone off right.
10. The Ant-Man movie could have been funnier, maybe, though I quite liked it. But this simple commercial pulled off several things:
1. Reminder of how interesting playing off Ant-Man’s size against normal, or particularly larger, characters could be.
3. Dextrous way of dealing with a sponsor/ad/product placement integration problem. The desirability of the product is implied, the characters remain reasonably on-model for their personalities, and the commercial uses their powers to great effect in the story. The attention to character specific detail… the craters under Ant-Man when he lands… Hulk fumbling with the pull tab…
11. TMNT 2… well, I’ve been vocal that I wasn’t pulled into the TMNT movie, though I didn’t particularly hate it either (except the noses… the noses)… it just felt like a generic Bay/Ratner style film… virtually visually indistinguishable from Transformers. That said, I like the cut of the sequel trailer’s jib quite a bit more. Feels more like the Turtles. I really like the curious proportions on Krang, I’ve seen the art for Bebop and Whomever (Kris mocks me about this on Robot-Kraken, that I can’t get the names right) and you know what, it works. Or it seems to.
12. Two Turkish Air spots from thesuperbowls feature fictional new route announcements to Gotham and Metropolis, which is fine. I wonder if there was one with Gal Gadot they pulled (recall they forced the takedown of those earlier photos of her on a TA flight) or if that’s from the film directly. Also, setting aside the fact that its jarring to see both characters pretending to fly commercial (and coach) what bugged me was the frequent and persistent presence of the ACE CHEMICAL neon sign. Yeah, yeah, we get it. What industrial chemical manufacturer needs a corporate tower int he heart of the business district?! Meh. Knowing movies, they even cook the chems there. On site. MEH! Ok, I’m done.
13. Daredevil S02 can’t come soon enough. However, the one weak link remains that armored costume. I keep saying: ‘just make it RED’. You’ve all heard me whine about. I whine about it frequently. But hey, here’s concept art showing how close they came to doing it right. GAH.
For the month of October, we’re going to be revisiting some classic and not so classic genre films as well as trying to catch up on all of the new stuff – lots of monsters, gore, suspense and horror coming our way! Instead of writing a full review of each, We’ll post five things we learned while watching the movies.
Number seven – a childhood classic from the eighties…that would never have been made today without parental outrage.
2- When finding oneself under attack by monsters, wait until they are within a few feet shoot three times, then attack with the billy club!
4- The late eighties were a pervy time – creepy pedophiles, voyeurism, little girl virgins, all sorts of inappropriate innuendo, blackmail, mummies lurking in small children’s closets…
Activation: Steam Russian language Publisher: New Disk Region: Russia, Ukraine and other CIS countries
- One of the three buyers in a random order, leave a positive review after purchasing the game can get the activation key gift game. What exactly do you know after receiving the key. - To receive your gift, you have to leave your positive feedback and add to it a request for a gift receipt (key distribution is performed within 48 hours from the time of writing reviews). - The gift will receive one of three who want to, not everything. - After writing the positive reviews, you agree to the above conditions.
Выполнив покупку Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 вы получаете лицензионный ключ активации моментально по факту оплаты в личном кабинете http://www.oplata.info Активация: Steam Дата выхода: 27 ноября 2012 Локализация: Русский язык Разработчики: Treyarch Издатели: Новый Диск ►Описание игры:◄ Умопомрачительные спецэффекты. Жестокие перестрелки. Неизменно захватывающий сюжет. За последние годы серия игр Call of Duty побила все рекорды популярности как на персональных компьютерах, так и на ведущих игровых системах. Настало время продолжить легенду – с новой частью знаменитого блокбастера! Действие второго эпизода Black Ops, посвященного секретным операциям вооруженного до зубов спецназа, развернется в 2025 году. Развитие технологий не сказалось на здравом смысле, а слоган «мир во всем мире» так и остался недостижимой мечтой. Ведущие страны погрязли в новой холодной войне, и отыскать выход из сложившегося тупика способны лишь элитные бойцы особого подразделения. А сверхсовременное оружие, робототехника и дроны станут последней надеждой на победу. Помимо основной сюжетной кампании вам станет доступен улучшенный вариант невероятно популярного зомби-апокалипсиса, в котором игрокам вновь предстоит сразиться с безжалостными ордами оживших мертвецов, и различные режимы сетевой игры. ►Особенности игры:◄ • Война продолжается! Новая игра легендарной серии Call of Duty, покорившей сердца миллионов игроков по всему миру. Пришла пора снова взяться за оружие! • Вперед в будущее! Действие Call of Duty: Black Ops II происходит в 2025 году, когда гонка вооружений между претендующими на мировое лидерство государствами достигла своего пика. Военными инженерами были созданы принципиально новые смертоносные вооружения! • Обновленный режим «Зомби». Этот любимый многими игровой режим стал еще более совершенным! Отстреливайтесь от орд живых мертвецов в одиночку или с компанией друзей! Данный товар предназначен для распространения на территории России и таких стран как Белоруссия, Украина, Армения, Азербайджан, Грузия, Казахстан, Киргизия, Молдавия, Таджикистан, Туркменистан, Узбекистан. Мы не несем ответственности за использование товара за пределами СНГ. ~~ This is a Russian version of the game and we are NOT responsible for regional or any other restrictions!
We’d like to help you create a business plan that fully integrates what matters most to you with what’s necessary.
As you saw on our Inspired Business page, we developed the proprietary business model at the left. Based on this, we fully integrate the basic model used by the Small Business Administration and most banks with questions and exercises to help you discover:
To take care of business, you structure your venture for optimal performance by ensuring that you have developed excellent plans for meeting these needs:
Your vision is always deeper and broader than just a goal. Your vision evolves as you engage your most authentic self through research, consultation with others, and your best wisdom practices.
Faith (your unique hope and trust in life itself, your venture and in the best of human nature, etc. but not necessarily a specific religion).
At your planning table you weave the gifts of spirit, your authentic self, and business practicalities into the perfect structure to house and grow your venture. Your resources include your right and left brains, instinct, intuition, emotions, and many strategic planning tools.
Your goal is to create structural integrity: a plan that is true to your essence, able to bear the right loads, handle all stresses, and support the growth and abundance of all who are affected by your venture.
Supporting you are a rich legacy of memories and experience, plus many allies: human, animal, commercial, emotional, spiritual.
Pat Sullivan has provided several business planning seminars for the Small Business Administration in our San Francisco Entrepreneur Center training room and has proven to be a reliable, flexible, and talented presenter.
Watch for the launch of Pat’s new workbook on spiritually based, bankable business planning. Want to offer your ideas or stories to the workbook? Want to begin using workbook ideas before the workbook is complete? Contact Pat at (510) 530-0284 or pat@spiritworkandmoney.com
www.visionary-resources.com. Also see our website focused on visionary, meaningful work for lawyers, www.rejoiceinthelaw.com.
This is a settlement in Lysva region at the junction of Tatarka and Lysva rivers at 100 km from Perm.
The name of the settlement is due to its location on the slope of a hill where it cannot be seen from the road.
With sedation dentistry, dental patients should no longer fear the dentist. If the sight of needles and the smells, sounds, and tastes associated with many dental procedures make you want to run for the nearest exit, sedation dentistry may be just what you need to get back into the dentist’s chair. Many patients experience heightened nerves when they visit the dentist, and we are happy to provide them dental sedation options for a more peaceful experience. We offer both IV sedation and nitrous oxide options for our patients, so they have little to no memory of their treatments. Sedation dentistry is very safe.
Sedation dentistry isn’t only for those who are nervous about dental procedures. Sedation dentistry helps patients in the Islandia, NY area who have difficulty controlling their gag reflex, experience pain because of sensitive teeth, or do not respond well to numbing medications. Sedation is an art, as much as any other procedure. It involves knowing what would be the optimal medication or medications for the given situation, and the dosages of those medications for that particular patient. We want to keep the patient in the most comfortable state possible with the least amount of drug. Sedation is different than general anesthesia in that it simply eliminates anxiety. It is a light sedation, also known as conscious sedation. The patient can hear, speak, and breathe on his or her own, but does not care about what is going on. We can do our dental work while the patient is relaxed and anxiety free.
Our desire is to help you relax and enjoy your trip to the dentist. If you or your family members have felt anxiety during dental visits, we welcome the opportunity to provide you a carefree experience. Using the latest advancements in dental care, Sedation Dentistry allows you to rest with minimal anxiety while we perform your dentistry.
Whether you need a cavity filled, dentures fitted, treatment for sore gums, cosmetic procedures to whiten your teeth or fix a chipped tooth, you’ll be amazed at how much dental work can be accomplished while you are calmly sedated. Most phobic patients overcome their fears after a few visits and no longer feel they need sedation. However, it is an available option whenever you feel you need it. Call us today and get connected with a local Sedation Dentistry Specialist in 11749 today!
The festival we try to make it a family event. We hope the weather is great, and we hope to see everyone come out.
Resume Objective Examples Loan Processor. This wonderful image collections about Resume Objective Examples Loan Processor is accessible to save. We collect this best photo from internet and choose one of the best for you. Resume Objective Examples Loan Processor photos and pictures selection that posted here was carefully picked and uploaded by admin after selecting the ones that are best among the others.
We choose to provided in this article because this may be one of great resource for any Resume Objective Examples Loan Processor ideas. Don’t you come here to learn some new unique Resume Objective Examples Loan Processor ideas? We really hope you can easily accept it as one of your reference and many thanks for your effort for exploring our website. Make sure you distribute this image for your loved friends, family, society via your social networking such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any other social bookmarking sites.
Download now Resume Objective Examples Loan Processor. Our image gallery has huge collection of pictures. You can find Resume Objective Examples Loan Processor etc. Visit our image gallery to find another Resume and images for your computer’s desktop, tablet, android and laptop background widescreen image. We have collected full screen and high resolution images for Resume lovers. Just right click on the images and save on computer.
Sample High School athletic Director Resume, Resume format Doc with Experience, Sample Resume Church Administrative assistant, Basic Resume Samples for College Students, Sample Resume for Loan Underwriter, Sample Pictures Of A Resume, Sample Resume Objectives for Police Officer, Sample Resume Of A Mechanical Qa Qc Engineer, Resume Examples for It Jobs, Bookkeeper Resume Examples Samples,
Sample Resume for Jobs In Retail. This wonderful image collections about Sample Resume for Jobs In Retail is accessible to save. We collect this best photo from internet and choose one of the best for you. Sample Resume for Jobs In Retail photos and pictures selection that posted here was carefully picked and uploaded by admin after selecting the ones that are best among the others.
We choose to provided in this article because this may be one of great resource for any Sample Resume for Jobs In Retail ideas. Don’t you come here to learn some new unique Sample Resume for Jobs In Retail ideas? We really hope you can easily accept it as one of your reference and many thanks for your effort for exploring our website. Make sure you distribute this image for your loved friends, family, society via your social networking such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any other social bookmarking sites.
Download now Sample Resume for Jobs In Retail. Our image gallery has huge collection of pictures. You can find Sample Resume for Jobs In Retail etc. Visit our image gallery to find another Resume and images for your computer’s desktop, tablet, android and laptop background widescreen image. We have collected full screen and high resolution images for Resume lovers. Just right click on the images and save on computer.
“I partnered with Enough Pie on the LOVE BOMB (link to project page) and ever since we put on that event we’ve had people come from all over to see the wonderful artwork that was created at St. Julian Devine. To sum it up in one word, Enough Pie is contagious!
“I love the idea of Enough Pie. It was an honor to be in cahoots with them. It reaffirmed my thoughts on how the world could be”
Enough Pie has done amazing things with children, with adults, and with bringing diverse groups of people together. There is enough pie for us all to enjoy and that’s what Enough Pie exemplifies.”
What would you like to see happen in the upper peninsula? We want YOU to be engaged. Fill out the form and let us know!
Well with spring tryouts in full swing thought I would just start another select baseball thread. I will be moving to a new organization this spring, and coaching the 12U Crew team at SSK1 baseball academy. Our tryouts will be Jan 6th at the Scrapyard in the Woodlands.
Good luck Grant- my kid is changing organizations during Summer and actually going to interview staff next week about Summer. I'm gonna miss watching baseball when it happens and his baseball playing days are done
Thanks for starting a new thread! Sure enjoyed the last thread. SSK1 sure seems to have a great program. My boy played with a few kids from that 12u group when they were 9. Great kids, players, and families!
I followed the last one but didn’t contribute, we are just getting started in 10u and the whole team is new to select. I’m am coaching the team for now and really excited to see how they develop.
AKirk- Get ready and bless you. I hate parents. Soon do yourself a favor and find a team with coach without a player. Cuts down on the crazy mom stuff
My older son is about to start his last season of "youth" ball, 14U, then next year will be high school tryouts and summer/showcase ball. He is a pitcher/1B/Power bat. I am worried about high school tryouts but his current coach is telling me that pitching velocity alone will get him on the high school team. Would love to hear from some that have been there and done that with high school tryouts. What does freshman pitching look like? Is velocity that important to high school coaches? He has enough command to be effective (most of the time ). Can a kid make the team with one tool, say a big bat or a big arm? We are talking 6A high school with a decent program.
TxJim- my kid goes to a baseball school and is a one trick pony. RHP. He made it with a wild arm as a freshman. He just turned 15 and will be fine through HS. They look at up side on incoming freshman class. If he has a live arm he will be fine. My kid doesn't even have a bat anymore or play a position
My son is a freshman this year. He will play on Varsity as a catcher and pitcher. Not at a 6A school but a big 3A. From being a high school coach in the past, I can tell you that your son needs to be as flexible as possible. They always need pitching but if he can play multiple spots, he will be more valuable.
His summer team is with Dbat. My two younger boys play on local Nacogdoches tournament teams that I coach or help coach. My advice to anyone getting into tournament ball is to try not to get to wrapped up in it. Give the kids time off in the fall and winter. When they get older it’s real easy to burn them out.
I wouldn't say he is flexible in the sense that he can play multiple positions. He is a big kid that throws hard and hits the ball a long way. He is very servicable at 1st base but defense is his weakest point. I am curious what a "live arm" would be for a freshman. What kind of velocity are you seeing at that level?
I saw a kid get a college scholarship after walking 3 batters and hitting two more. The scouts were buzzing because he could throw 98. They can coach mechanics but can’t coach velocity in most cases
Seriously...he was off all Fall and played football. Playing basketball now and just doing some fielding work before practices start next year.
Adam Dunn can hit a baseball a mile, but has no defense. He made over a 100 million in baseball LOL!
Yes sir. SSK1 is growing fast and that's why I decided to move this year. Scott Stricklin former MLB Astros pitcher started the program and its been getting a lot of attention. I'm really looking forward to get playing,and start spring ball. I'm bringing over some really good kids and my son is excited as well. We will still be looking for 2-3 players that can play at the elite/premier level. This is a pretty good group I'm just ready to start practicing LOL! My son has been off all of fall ball and now he is get the itch to start. His arm is live after resting for 4 months and his velocity has gone up.
so we had tryouts today for the new team. Our organization was bought out by Evo Shield Canes. This is going to be expensive with 2 boys playing. Previously we had been playing and the cost was relatively low. This is going to be like $700 a month for both boys. I'm not sure that this is something I want to commit to for an 9 and 12 year old. What are yalls dues for your teams?
There are a lot cheaper clubs out there you just have to look. I don't think I would pay $350 a month for any kid to play, our dues are $125 plus tournaments which would come out to be $225-250 a month for everything.
I don’t really see the point in playing for a club team until you need their connections for getting them college looks. Go get a group of boys and coach them yourself. These so called professional coaches are just not worth the cost in my opinion.
My sons 11u team played their final fall tournament last weekend. We have a standing rule at our house. You hit a home run, we go eat steak. Well, he hit a 3 run homer to straight away center and when he came off the field he said, “dad, here’s my ticket to Saltgrass!”
There are cheaper places to go. Look on Nations tryout page and go to different tryouts. Is this the club that's out in Beaumont?
My 11 year old plays 12U and he is swinging the Marucci Cat 7 drop 8 (31/23) for his cold weather bat and he will be swinging a Demarini CF8 drop 8 (31/23) when it gets warm enough for the composite barrel. It depend a lot on the kid's size and swing mechanics.
We are out of North Austin area. Leander to be exact. I’m not sure what we are going to do yet. We have been a majors team since 10u and able to win the majority of the tournaments we entered. When this merger happened many of the kids left and went to THZ. We will see, there are many good kids left but this whole price thing has left a bad taste in my mouth.
I would say for that kinda of money the coaches better be top notch! After 35+ years of playing and coaching, I have yet to see any select coaching that's worth what they charge. I have said this in the last thread be very careful and don't get caught up in the "Pro" coach half are not what they say. Just b/c they played Pro ball does not mean they know how to coach kids.
Ya I agree.. most are very undependable, unreliable, and self serving. I was telling my wife there is a reason these guys have chosen this profession when she gets frustrated by lack of communications. I have to laugh at emails I receive with so many misspellings and lack of punctuation. I have not been real impressed so far. Usually if you have a good group of parents that let whoever is coaching coach, the kids will succeed. This all gets F’ed up with parents who thinks Johnny should be a starting SS and the kid is afraid of the ball.
I always laugh when a "Pro Coach" that's 25 says how good the kids will be under him and talks about his career in the majors. I always think unless injured why are you coaching select ball and not still playing in MLB at 25 year old? There are a ton of older players that just won't give it up that are not very good at coaching. I will say they know the game just bad at coaching, but very good at lessons. The biggest problem in select ball is the parents most of the time. When things are good everyone is happy, but when losing they start talking among themselves and things go bad in a hurry.
I have two kids playing now....its been just my daughter last couple years but my son is playing also. He is 16 and probably last year on this team...He took a break during football season and now started back...first day back hit a dinger dead center field out of park...Kid loves baseball so much he almost didn't play football but small school needed their offensive left tackle. He watches video constantly, purchased his own stuff, tools, workout stuff, etc... wants to play baseball! He is 6'2, 228 and been pitching and playing 3rd....occasionally first after pitching tournament weekend...
My daughter is a serious little baller as well. She is 13 and loves playing.....she does well! We went to a Mississippi tournament last year with her team.
SWE is now EvoShield Canes Southwest. They affiliated with the Canes about the same time they acquired Aces Baseball.
Bobby, if you don't mind me asking, what club were you guys with prior to this season? You can PM me if you would prefer. I won't be offended if you don't want to share. The only reason I ask is that I have a 13yo 8th grader who plays for Action. He played last fall, last spring, sat out this fall and only played football, now headed back to them this spring. I personally think they are a good club, I really like the guys who run things and I feel they have the kids best interest at heart. They also have a solid high school/showcase program which I personally feel is a big plus if you have kids that will be interested in those things.
We started out in rec. ball in Round Rock. Another guy and myself decided to take our all star team from our last season of 10u and play some select tournaments that next fall just to see what it was all about. I ended up helping coach two years in the select world and finally bowed out and decided to get my son in a program that he can continue with into high school if he chooses. We've played most of the teams in the central Texas area at one point or another. We've also had several of our former players go over to many of these teams. At the end of the day, typically the new wears off and the parents realize that its all just kids playing baseball, any way you slice it up. There typically isn't anything magical that happens with any of these programs other than your wallet gets much lighter.
Over the years, our experience has been mostly positive, although we've seen it all at one time or another. Thank goodness that we've typically always had a good group of parents with every team that we have been with. We only had one fall where we had a not so great group of parents. In all honesty it was just a hand full of parents who were the problem but it only takes a few. Thank goodness I was out of coaching by then and it was the clubs problem to have to deal with. Its sorta funny really, the club we were with took in a group of kids from a well known yet somewhat controversial program that had shut down their Austin club. The name starts with a "B" and ends with an "S". I'll just leave it at that since those of you who have been around select baseball for a while should know who I'm talking about. These parents were terrible. I'm convinced that several of these kids will be lucky to make it through high school baseball with their parents overbearing ways. Its a shame really, we had a good group of kids and they were really talented as a whole. We were probably one of the best 12u teams that fall in the Austin area. The parent's were the problem at the end of the day which is unfortunate.
One thing I've noticed with the dozens of kids who I've coached and known for years now is how many of them hop from club to club, some of them from fall to spring to fall to spring. Its crazy to me. Funny thing is, they never find what they are looking for. Here's a news flash, no club is gonna make your kid a superstar when they are average or below average players. Get them with a program that you believe in and get out of the way. Too many parents worry about gloves, bats, private lessons, what some prospective club promises, etc.... Here's the deal, kids are going to progress based on two things, hard work and dedication and God given talent. I know plenty of kids who's parents fork out big bucks for baseball and they play year round. Their kids are still below average players. I know every parent wants the best for their kids, but at some point you have to just step back and let things take their natural course.
My son is eaten up with baseball. I constantly have to tell him, relax, your 13, you'll be fine. Work hard and if God has it in his plan for you to become a college or pro player, it'll happen. In the mean time, enjoy life, work hard, love the game, and HAVE FUN.
No, Southwest Elite was already in the process of acquiring Aces before affiliating with EvoShield Canes.
There has been a bit of change/consolidation over the past 6 months in the area. Central Texas has been a watered down market which effects the high school level the most. A lot of the consolidation is aimed at making the high school programs more competitive at the regional and national level. The youth programs that are part of these organizations are just tagging along.
Austin Elite, Clutch Athletics and Colts all merged into Lone Star Baseball Club with the stated purpose of being more competitive at the high school level. The youth programs will all fly under the Lone Star flag but continue to operate separately. It's about taking the best few kids from each of these formerly separate programs to the WWBA and other big tourneys and being in a position to compete. It also allows them to combine their recruiting and college placement efforts.
For the first time I am going to step aside from coaching and let my son and few boys from my team go play we’re they can get a different experience. 13U Majors. Not sure of what team yet but they played with Ennis Outlaws this last fall.
I’m in the same boat. I coached my 21 year old who played college ball til he was 12, my junior 17 year old at FM Marcus high school until he was 12 and my soon to be 13 year old till last year. He’s moving on and playing for 2 good friends of mine coaching a new 13U DBAT team. This will be the first season in 15 years not being on the ball field. Spring is not even here and I miss it already.
No. I was an assistant with the Texas Desperados 9-12 this last go round. I know the guys that did though. Their top team (Hunt) is now dbat too out of Lewisville. Kyle Abbot and Dan Ortmeir are coaching them. Both good coaches and friends as well.
No. I was an assistant with the Texas Desperados 9-12 this last go round. I know the guys that did though. Their top team (Hunt) is now dbat too out of Lewisville.
Gotcha. Rattlers seem to be losing a bunch of teams for one reason or another. They lost another team to Stix and our old team 11U Majors disbanded. It’s a shame because we have some of the best fields in DFW.
The boys team just finished up a tourney.. came in 3rd but didnt have their best outings last two games.. last game played an elite team that any normal day they would have beat.
I might have some equipment to sell.. refreshing all his gear due to this growing thing that appears to be happening..
43 The Turkish Elite Survey was conducted by the Center for European Studies in 2009 under the SInAN - Strengthening and Integrating Academic Networks project funded by the European Union under the “Promotion of Civil Society Dialogue between the EU and Turkey: Universities Grant Scheme.” As part of the Turkish Elite Survey, a total of 62 Members of Parliament (MPs) – out of a total of 550 MPs in the TGNA – were interviewed in the period between June and December 2009. The interviews were done face-to-face, with a close-ended questionnaire. Each interview took, on average, 40 minutes. As for the 62 interviewed Turkish MPs, the sample was selected proportionate to the number of party seats. In other words, the number of MPs from different parties reflects the distribution of seats in the assembly among the parties.
The Services, Content and Software used on the cricket555.com website are provided by GameMaster NV, a Company incorporated in Curacao, operating under a gaming license No. 8048/JAZ of November 1996 No. 41 granted to Antillephone N.V Curacao Netherlands Antilles.
This chart shows the twenty match rating history for the two teams upto the start of the current match.
This table shows the progress of the match by each partnership. This progress is illustrated in the chart above.
England faced South Africa in 74 test matches before this game. Of these, England had the stronger team in 56 matches according to the formbook expectation.
Team India’s Shikhar Dhawan has made a huge record in the historic Test match against Afghanistan. In this only Test match played in Bengaluru, Shikhar Dhawan has hit a century before the bowling of...
Round outdoor dining table for 8 ideas trends and room sets incredible chairs umbrella woodworking 2018
Beautiful round outdoor dining table for 8 collection with set woodworking plans sets furniture eight seater and chairs patio seats white wicker piece chair pictures room person
Round outdoor dining table for 8 images funky sofa seater patio set garden furniture out amp as wells room gorgeous photograph with attractive woodworking plans sets and 2018
This policy explains in detail how “ClubTech.ro” along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “ClubTech.ro”, “http://clubtech.ro”) and phpBB (hereinafter “they”, “them”, “their”, “phpBB software”, “www.phpbb.com”, “phpBB Limited”, “phpBB Teams”) use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter “your information”).
Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, by browsing “ClubTech.ro” will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer’s web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter “user-id”) and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter “session-id”), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within “ClubTech.ro” and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience.
We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing “ClubTech.ro”, though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software. The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter “anonymous posts”), registering on “ClubTech.ro” (hereinafter “your account”) and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter “your posts”).
Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter “your user name”), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter “your password”) and a personal, valid email address (hereinafter “your email”). Your information for your account at “ClubTech.ro” is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your email address required by “ClubTech.ro” during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of “ClubTech.ro”. In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated emails from the phpBB software.
Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at “ClubTech.ro”, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with “ClubTech.ro”, phpBB or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” feature provided by the phpBB software. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your email, then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
© Dunnville Mudcat Festival All rights reserved | Terms and conditions | Privacy Policy Powered by RapidPage
Interior, Pvc Porte Fenetre was posted June on this site by Deplim.com. More over Pvc Porte Fenetre has viewed by 99733 visitor.
Interior, 60th Party Decoration Ideas was posted June on this site by Deplim.com. More over 60th Party Decoration Ideas has viewed by 71774 visitor.
Interior, Carrelage Ypres was posted June on this site by Deplim.com. More over Carrelage Ypres has viewed by 26025 visitor.
Interior, Miroir Castorama was posted June on this site by Deplim.com. More over Miroir Castorama has viewed by 2870 visitor.
Interior, Canape B B Italia Charles was posted June on this site by Deplim.com. More over Canape B B Italia Charles has viewed by 50640 visitor.
Interior, Salle De Bain Jaune was posted June on this site by Deplim.com. More over Salle De Bain Jaune has viewed by 24553 visitor.
Interior, Construire Sa Piscine was posted June on this site by Deplim.com. More over Construire Sa Piscine has viewed by 2108 visitor.
Interior, Moquette Gris Chine was posted June on this site by Deplim.com. More over Moquette Gris Chine has viewed by 14590 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Long Salon was posted June on this site by Deplim.com. More over Meuble Long Salon has viewed by 73019 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Kelibia Salon was posted June on this site by Deplim.com. More over Meuble Kelibia Salon has viewed by 20734 visitor.
Sesinoks was established in 1993 to respond to the requirements of the food, medicine, cosmetics and chemical industry's flow equipment and offers fast stock and accurate materials through its extensive inventory facilities, experienced sales team and logistics services.
The first step to being just a competent designer—or a competent anything, for that matter—is doing what someone else can do. It’s a test: can you follow directions? Except, instead of following directions you read or hear, you follow directions that you see.
It’s no coincidence that junior designers often get trained up by doing production work after an art director has set an art direction. If the art director makes the main headline 48px bold Helvetica with 16px of margin on each side, do you do the same on every screen you design? Sounds simple, but many junior designers struggle to even get this down. Why? Many want to be chefs but aren’t willing to be line cooks first. It’s not glamorous work, but it builds design muscles, muscles that you’ll need in order to get better and advance to the next step.
Think of it like learning to draw by tracing. In fact, it’s literally the same thing. The first few assignments of my designers’ apprenticeships are taking screenshots of existing websites, pasting them into Sketch or Photoshop, dropping the opacity and locking the layer, and tracing over it to produce the same layout, colors, illustrations, typography, and everything else needed to reproduce the site pixel for pixel.
In his article Copy If You Can: Improving Your UI Design Skills With Copywork , Erik Kennedy extols the virtues of copywork as a great way to practice and hone UI design skills. Even more, it gets you out of going to your usual bag of tricks and instead gives you new ones to add.
Whether new to design or a seasoned creative director, this simple exercise will get you warmed up, like stretching before a long run.
Once you can confidently imitate any style you come across, you can start to tweak the elements to feel more custom to the way you need to use it. This step has the least parameters and needs the least guidelines, because it’s up to your imagination and the amount of changes you’re willing to try.
I’m a firm believer in the idea that there’s nothing new under the sun. Said differently, everything is a remix. Freed from the pressure that all things designers do need to be original works of art, I can instead focus my efforts on what sources to combine in a unique way that my audience is less accustomed to.
Pablo Picasso is well known for his original Cubist work, but most people don’t know that he was an excellent classical artist first. He could draw and paint photorealism as well as any of the great masters, but it wasn’t until he got that down that he ventured into his own unknown stylistic territory.
In his Wall Street Journal article, The Genius of the Tinkerer , author Steven Johnson describes a concept he calls the adjacent possible. He tells the story of a young orthopedic surgeon who, while diving in the Great Barrier Reef, observes a species of coral that seem to be able to heal itself as it breaks. Years later, while operating on a patient, he recalls this coral and its amazing bonding powers. Several years and patents later, his method is the leading way that orthopedic surgeons around the world help their patients mend their broken bones.
The adjacent possible is about taking two seemingly unconnected ideas and metaphorically placing them next to each other to see how they might work together. Clients often hire me to invent unique and original art directions for them. I can deliver on this by using the adjacent possible to steal my way to something original.
The strange and beautiful truth about the adjacent possible is that its boundaries grow as you explore them. Each new combination opens up the possibility of other new combinations.
Say SpaceZzzz™ hired me to create a site to advertise a new service they’re offering: rental properties on different planets. They’d get you there, you stay as long as you’d like, and they’ll get you back. Think Uber meets Airbnb meets Interstellar.
The first thing I’ll do is make a list of all of the types of content I’ll need on the homepage. After talking to stakeholders and potential users in the target market, perhaps I’d arrive at 5 different sections:
Next, I’ll start to choose a few reference sources to imitate. This is key: be sure to choose sources far away from what you’re designing. If you’re designing a bank site, don’t choose another bank site as reference, especially within the same competitive set. Since we may be modeling this after Airbnb, using Airbnb as a reference is probably too close to feel original. One trick I often use is to start smaller. Rather than try to use a whole page as a reference, I’ll pick a few different designs to source different elements from.
I’ll stub out each section by simply copying and pasting from my source material into my gray box document. (I’m using Photoshop for this example because it’s where I’m fastest, but you can use any design app you prefer.) This sets me up with something to imitate and remix.
Next, I’ll trace over my stubbed-out version with simple shapes to get a feel for how it could work together. I’ll also start to remix a bit by choosing some new colors. I own this Nike Witness shirt and thought these colors would work well for this subject matter.
Now I’ll fill in some text content by tracing over the text of the original stubs, but trying to unify them by remixing them with the same typeface. I decide on PT Sans and PT Mono and use this stage to start working out some sizing of headlines and body copy to rough out my typographic hierarchy.
Now that I have a good approximation of all my content, I’ll start to draw a grid so I can organize that content appropriately. My approach to grids has always been to start with content and use the least amount of columns possible. Looking at the Locations section, that’s a pretty good candidate for 4 equal-width columns, so I’ll start there.
However, as I look at the top hero and FAQ areas, I realize that some of those headings need to start in the middle of a column, so I’ll split the 4-column grid into 8 columns instead.
I’ve written about using an 8-point grid before—which I’m using increasingly more in my own work—so all my spacings and type sizes here are a multiple of 8.
That 8-column grid is looking pretty good everywhere except for the Pricing table. That section contains 5 specific areas:
I’m ready to start inserting more of my content into this shell, specifically my own copy and artwork 1 . The key to stealing in a way that leads to something original is that your result needs to be unrecognizable from the source material as much as possible. Take the hero unit for example.
It’s easy to compare this to the original source and tell where it came from. Flipping the orientation of elements is a really useful way to to get around that. Let’s move the main headline and the call to action to the opposite side of the screen.
The artwork goes a long way into making this feel original, but there’s still one more thing we need to do. That notched-out call to action is such a unique piece that it’s become signature to the original source. It still feels like someone could identify the source from that element.
Instead of notching it out, let’s do a colorblocked overlap call-to-action. Once I do that, I realize the opportunity to mirror that visual language on the top left with the logo. Given that the original source is so flat, I’ll add a subtle drop shadow to give those elements some depth.
You can see that, with just a few moves, I’ve moved this away from an interface I’ve stolen to something that feels way more original.
If I take that approach to each element of this page—just a few moves each to distinguish it from its original source—I can easily go from a design I’ve stolen to an original version I’ve invented on my own.
I hope this was a useful primer in showing you how to steal you way to an original design. In the words of English philosopher C.E.M. Joad, “Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.” The more obscure your references, the more sources you combine, the more moves away from the original you can take, the more original your design will become.
For those that want to dissect the final source file in more detail, you can download the PSD (51.2MB) here.
The wonderful artwork in this comp was graciously borrowed from artists publishing their work on the web. Credits: NASA STS-122 Rollout, Space/The Beast Below, Kasai by JosephBiwald, BOXXX-3W by beeple, Pioneers Again by Morris Scott Dollens, and Waterfall Stations by Christian Schumann.
Developer Mark Huot used these files as an exercise to learn more about React. Follow along on the interplanetary Github repo.
Yup, picked up off of waivers from the Pirates last week, like one of th Baltimore announcers said: "why not? he's about the same as what they have on the field, switch hits , and has speed, can't be any worse"...........A REAL COMPLIMENT?......LOL
Are we facing a new crisis of “Too Many Heroes?” Is it about to get worse? Or is it really about to get better?
Today's post is going to be short and sweet. Last week, while working on a post all about my current skincare routine, I got off on a Pinterest rabbit hole all about product ingredients. Typically I tend to educate myself on the things I use and put in and on my body, but *hands up* I confess, I had never looked at the ingredients in my skincare. Pretty much immediately I was shocked to see some really horrible things in products in general, but also specifically in the things I was using. I was torn between sharing that post because, honestly those products are currently in rotation and I like to share things I use, love, or want to try. But this time, I just couldn't share things I knew were linked to really horrible things like tumors and endocrine interrupters.
So instead of sharing old or new products with you today I'm going to link you over to the article I read. You can find it by clicking here. I encourage you to go through your products and educate yourself on what you're putting on your body.
Please be advised that this is a NO SPOILER forum section. No spoilers are to be posted here. Use the spoiler sections for anything spoiler related.
"Some people are like slinkies: completely useless, but put a smile on your face when pushed down a flight of stairs."
Technical difficulty struck this Sunday as we tried to fix previous recording issues. The bugs should be worked out now for the future.
Technical difficulty struck this Sunday. We are attempting to remedy the glitch and hope we can get back to podcasting.
Building Our Shared Future . We are Koppers. We work carefully, honestly and responsibly with respect for each other, our communities and our plant.
ombre hair with closure 10 inches reality wig curly fake have shade gradient curl hair shade Europe and the United States a wig
We are so glad you have chosen to visit our website. Washington Plaza Baptist Church is an inclusive Christian, multicultural church, with a growing group of young
The IBAU HAMBURG Original components Competence and Innovation 2 This brochure shows a selection of IBAUkey components. A trouble-free operation of silo plants and
Feedinfo News Service - Provider of news and market information to feed additive, premix and compound feed manufacturers worldwide.
FL is a global engineering company supplying one source plants, systems and services to the cement and minerals industries.
The plant features a 6 point railway discharge ramp fitted with a high efficiency steam generator. The piping employs an electrical heat tracing system for heating
Components engineered by IBAU HAMBURG in connection with the IBAU plant engineering are the key for a well functioning plant.
B ased on this situation and also facing future higher clients’ demands on the quality of clinker, Lafarge decided to realise a major modernisation of the plant for
chemeurope.com offers you a comprehensive overview of science and business news regarding everything from basic chemistry to chemical engineering.
From October 2015, the six brands of Blue Marble, BW Penman, Core Consulting, Core Care, Rilwood Associates and Whiterock Executive have merged together as CSG to
Mar 15, 2013 · How do you separate sand, pepper, salt, iron … Sep 24, 2010 · Best Answer: Harmony, try doing the project on your own. Don’t use the computer to help you.
Southtowns Pennyaver community portal is a collaboration between The Angola Pennysaver that serves Angola, Evans, Derby, Brant, Farnham Irving and Lakeview and The
Cement has been manufactured at the Hannibal location since 1903. Several thousand men were needed for construction and operation of the original plant.
Afghanistan, who is going to debut in Test cricket against India, has announced a 16-member squad for the first Test match on Tuesday. The team has four spin bowlers in place. This test match...
England vs India 2018: Almost Confirm Prithvi Shaw could make his debut in 5th Test Match Against England
▂▃▅▇▓▒░ Molotok.NEW - оригинальные игры от издателей. ░▒▓▇▅▃▂ ♒ ВНИМАНИЕ: СРАЗУ ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ ЛИЦЕНЗИОННЫЙ КЛЮЧ АКТИВАЦИИ ИГРЫ! * Ключ Вы получите в личном кабинете http://www.oplata.info.Также ссылка на страницу с ключом придёт на вашу почту, указанную при покупке После оплаты заказа система автоматически (без нашего участия) мгновенно отправит Вам на почту лицензионный ключ активации игры ═══════ CALL OF DUTY: BLACK OPS III 3 + NUK3TOWN ═══════ После оплаты, в день выхода игры 6 ноября 2015г. в 00-00 МСК вы получите ключ. Дополнительная карта NUK3TOWN Популярная среди геймеров карта из Black Ops триумфально возвращается! Новая карта NUK3TOWN переработана с нуля, чтобы раскрыть весь потенциал новой системы плавного перемещения с учетом инерции от студии Treyarch и подарить бойцам неповторимый азарт! Действие разворачивается в 2065 году — это свежий взгляд на классическую карту для многопользовательских ближних боев типа «беги и стреляй». Call of Duty: Black Ops III объединяет 3 режима: кампанию, сетевую игру и «Зомби», являя фанатам самую захватывающую и амбициозную игру серии. Кампанию можно проходить в одиночку или в кооперативном режиме, поддерживающем до 4 игроков. Сетевой режим станет самым впечатляющим в серии, благодаря новым возможностям повышения ранга, настройкам персонализации и подготовки к бою. А режим «Зомби» с собственным сюжетом подарит игрокам бурю острых ощущений. Call of Duty: Black Ops III можно проходить, играя по сети или одному, и впервые для обоих подходов разработана своя система прокачки. Вас ждёт невообразимое количество нововведений: сногсшибательные карты, оружие, способности и новейшая система передвижения.
Is going to make sure that you may with ease utilize the various other devices without attacking aisle. While it is regularly a great concept promote a bunch of sunlight in, there could attend time when wish minimizes glow.
They additionally load an extra tap gap doing away the requirement for escutcheon layer. A round cutter will indeed possess operating harder in addition possibly triggering crash as well sliding.
Since being capable home entertainment attendees near and also kitchen space has ended up composed even more requiring way livings our experts today, significant perform this effect. Make Use Of Cost Estimator Tool on internet site aid acquire approximate price quote variety kinds of improvement tasks.
The quickest, very most straightforward method conserve your space, actually along premium labor-saving extras. typical redesign entails 3 phases: readying setting cabinetries countertop bests, accomplishing task featuring ceramic tiles, flooring cover, slick, igniting so on.
Manmade Materials - Also named Engineered Stone, which substantial area. Today's kitchens are developed to produce practical usage cabinets, counters shelving.
You do not need to have cooled down than that. Acquire rid any products made use lengthy period opportunity.
The only function offers spot maintain personal belongings coordinated technique creates much easier to discover all them while at same keeping remainder purchase. Power appliances isles participate duty above-discussed patterns customers carry ask hold go past dated "refrigerator, range, dishwasher" principle depending sector pros just recently acquired New York.
Style softer shade scheme "beachy" searches cabinetry including unique appearances floor, countertops obtain presence haute couture withstanding. Our propose for, least pair months, 6 eight particularly options.
Will timber red wine storing shelf think odd metal-glass designated house, exactly how wall position steel white appearance little area? cold trendy complete best tabletop cellar capability maximum five bottles. An ergonomic desk must lead to making cooking each handy relaxed use.
For custom-made style tasks, locate reputable customized closet firm feel comfy along. This can easily explain the possibilities of the service provider.
Their specials dry enhancing tips educate essential factors like wall-painting projects, such sponging, stippling, rag-rolling create bit lot desirable. You quickly eliminate shelves they around the kitchen.
Interior developers non-CKD providers adventure concepts you're searching licenses certification. By this, would certainly manage out prepare whatever clutter.
Previous Article per Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009
Kanye West debuted his music video for The Life of Pablo track “Famous” Friday night at a watch party at Los Angeles’ Forum, where a 7 p.m. and 11 p.m. PST crowd witnessed perhaps the most provocative, controversial video of West’s career thus far. The Forum event was live streamed via Tidal, where the “Famous” visual is now streaming exclusively.
The video, an homage to Vincent Desiderio’s painting “Sleep,” offers a voyeuristic look at an orgy post-coital, with West and Kardashian surrounded by the sleeping bodies of famous friends (Rihanna and her ex Chris Brown, whose relationship violently disintegrated in the public eye), family (Caitlyn Jenner), former lovers (Ray J, Amber Rose), business associates (Anna Wintour) and controversial figures (Donald Trump, Bill Cosby and George W. Bush, who didn’t “care about black people”).
Lastly, directly next to West in bed, laid a nude Taylor Swift, who was the lyrical flint that sparked an uproar over the song to begin with.
Many of the video’s stars – Swift, Trump, Cosby and Bush for sure, the rest are up for debate – didn’t actually appear in the video; instead their doppelgängers were created synthetically in almost lifelike detail. Real or not, during an interlude in the video, the credits gave “special thanks” to every celebrity involved “for being famous.”
West, along with wife Kardashian, was in attendance for the watch party and briefly spoke to the crowd, but did not perform. “I want to thank all y’all, my wife, and y’all supporting ideas and truth,” West told the crowd before replaying the “Famous” video. “I got one question though would y’all like me to play that back?” Desiigner, 2 Chainz, Travis Scott and the Game also attended the event, Billboard reports.
Sleezy, skeezy, you arrogant DIRTBAG!!!! Do you honestly believe in that fuc*ed up head of yours that your going to get away with this! Little boy lookin for attention!!! your just like like the slut you married and she is the laughing stock of hollywood ! face it your bad rap music is O V E R , and most people today are looking to the REAL talented artists, , why don’t you just sit yourself on the next set of train tracks and wait, Good Riddance! I hope each one except chtrish
McCloskey International announced the launch of McCloskey Washing Systems (MWS), a new business division focused on washing and classifying across multiple applications. The new unit will design and manufacture a full range of mobile, modular and static material and mineral washing equipment.
While McCloskey has been producing equipment for the quarrying, recycling, mining and industrial sand sectors for more than 30 years, this new division was created to provide 100 percent focus on the development of class-leading innovative and efficient equipment for washing and classifying material and mineral products.
Speaking ahead of the launch, President and CEO Paschal McCloskey said, “Our customers are always looking for more modern, flexible and cost-effective solutions. Our customer-driven approach to product development has led us to invest significantly in the establishment of this new division, with the aim to be the design and manufacture of high quality washing equipment that is easy to install, maintain and operate.”
The products produced by MWS will deliver significant advantages to customers, including lower cost of ownership and production, and making more projects viable for their business.
“Global requirements are becoming more stringent, and McCloskey International is in the perfect position to provide innovative equipment to assist customers in meeting these demands,” said Sean Loughran, director, McCloskey Washing Systems. “The entrepreneurial spirit that McCloskey was founded on is very much alive; the business continues to be driven by passion to design and build the best equipment. This same ethos exists within MWS. Our team of highly skilled and experienced Washing Design Engineers have spent the past 12 months developing an impressive range of washing equipment that, I am delighted to announce, is ready to be launched onto the world stage.”
Introduction of the division and product line within the global dealer network has begun, and will continue leading up to the formal launch of the division at ConExpo-Con/Agg 2017, March 7-11, in Las Vegas. The first MWS products will be unveiled at and on display in a 20,000-plus-sq.-ft. exhibit in the Silver Lot at booths S5115 and S5014.
The time is now to assess your risks and analyze how to minimize the impact of unplanned outages on critical day-to-day business operations.
82% of business disruptions can be minimized or completely eliminated with even the most basic BC/DR Plan.
To ensure this is a valid request and not an automated SPAM reply, please provide your answer to the simple math question below:
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
The Chamber offers a variety of events to meet the diverse needs of our members. Every event offers networking opportunities, and most also provide an educational benefit. Scroll through the list of upcoming events to see what interests you, then join the Chamber to take advantage of these many unique opportunities to build relationships, advocate for your business interests, develop leadership skills and access up-to-the-minute information
I hope this message finds everyone well after the holiday weekend. I would like to thank those parents that chaperoned the Plant City MLK parade on Saturday. Being out of town for a performance is never something a band director wishes for, however, it does happen. Knowing that our students had a fantastic groups of chaperones with them helped put my mind at ease because I knew they would be well taken care of. So again, thank you for looking out for our students.
While this week is a short one of school, there are still several events on the calendar. Speaking of the calendar, I encourage all of you (students included) to regularly check the calendar for any updates and or changes that may occur. More often than not changes are made due to circumstances beyond my control and your understanding and patience is greatly appreciated.
Earlier in the week everyone should have received an email from booster president, Ann Fahie regarding Amanda Elnahwy serving as the Music Boosters interim treasurer. As Amanda continues to familiarize herself with the internal workings of Charms we kindly ask for everyone’s patience during this process. Should you have any questions regarding your student account, please do not hesitate to contact Amanda at the DMBtreasurer@gmail.com email address.
I would also like to congratulate the following students that will be representing Durant in the Hillsborough All County Honor Band this weekend: Joshua Green, Kai Jesson, Renee Mack, Julia Ramirez, Jared Still, Sarah Strike, Alexis Thomas. Information regarding the FREE concert that these students will be performing in can be found below. It will be a fantastic concert and I would highly encourage those of you that are able to attend to do so to support these students.
Thursday, January 19th – the DHS Winterguard will be hosting a “Friends and Family” performance at 7:30 in the Mulrennan gymnasium. This is a change due to an event being held in the Durant Gym. All WIND & PERCUSSION students are encouraged to be in attendance to support our Winterguard program.
Friday, January 20th – I will be off campus with the 7 students involved in the Hillsborough All County festival. A substitute will be in class and plans are in place. Students, I expect you to conduct yourselves like adults and keep in mind that your actions are a reflection of the entire music program. All of you have plenty of music to work on and I am confident you will use your time wisely.
Friday, January 20th – Grill Concession Event, Boys Soccer (Check Charms for times and volunteer openings)
Saturday, January 21st – The DHS Winteguard’s premiere performance of “Read All About It”! This year FFCC premiere is being held at Freedom High School in Tampa (17410 Commerce Park Blvd, Tampa, 33647) and the guard is scheduled to take the floor at 12:59 (weird I know). The cost of admission is $15 and I know the guard would love to have a big crowd cheering for them!
Saturday, January 21st – All County concert begins at 4:00 at Leto High School (4409 W Sligh Ave, Tampa, 33614). As I mentioned earlier 7 of our students are representing DHS in this event and I can assure you, this will be a great concert! Admission is free but space is limited so if you are planning on attending I would suggest arriving a little earlier.
Monday, January 23rd – Battery Percussion Clinic, 4:00-6:00 – This if for students that are interested in playing a battery percussion instrument for next marching season.
Wednesday, January 25th – Café Concession Basketball (Check Charms for times and volunteer openings)
Friday, January 26th – Café Concession Event, Basketball (Check Charms for times and volunteer openings)
Again, please check the calendar for any events that may have been updated or that I may have missed (which is highly likely). I believe that is everything for this week so make it a great one!
Joy joy joy: 7 mind body spirit self-help practices to relieve stress and anxiety, reverse memory loss and live happy - i did it you too can bust the blues. Computers weren't always machines in the late 1800's, computers were women astronomers who 'computed' data to map the sky they were only allowed to work from photographic plates, since only men. They were only allowed to work from photographic plates, since only men were allowed to look through the telescope at the harvard college observatory east lynne theater 500 hughes st. First aired on 29 december 1982 martin shaw as archibald carlyle and lisa eichhorn as lady isabel vane if you leave comments, please make sure they don't contain spoilers - or i'll have to.
Leavitt, and other women with whom she worked, called “computers,” mapped the sky working from photographic plates since only men were permitted to look through the telescope at harvard she lived during an era of immense scientific discoveries, when women’s ideas were dismissed until men claimed credit for them. Online shopping from a great selection at movies & tv store. Monistat for men's hair loss east lynne missouri 64743 hair transplantation is a fairly basic and outpatient treatment it takes a couple of hours to half a day to complete.
East lynne had changed owners, and now it was the property of mr carlyle he had bought it as it stood, furniture and all but the transfer had been conducted with secrecy, and was suspected by none, save those engaged in the negotiations. East lynne is an english sensation novel of 1861 by ellen wooda victorian best-seller, it is remembered chiefly for its elaborate and implausible plot, centring on infidelity and double identities. Sleepers east (dir kenneth mackenna, 1934) smash up - the story of a woman (dir stuart heisler, 1948) smiles and tears of naples (dir g orlando vassallo, 1926. East lynne-area historical tornado activity is near missouri state average it is 74% greater than the overall us average on 5/20/1957 , a category f5 ( max wind speeds 261-318 mph) tornado 235 miles away from the east lynne city center killed 44 people and injured 207 people and caused between $500,000 and $5,000,000 in damages.
East lynne is the archetypal sensation novel, filled with disaster, guilt and repentance it also documents the growing protest against the rigid roles prescribed for victorian women among the many appendices included are a selection of victorian medical views on men, women, and sexuality comments. Women looking for men east lynne, hey there i am a single woman looking for some fun (or more) with other like minded people i'm contact me text me : 6. I give east lynne five stars not because it is a perfect book mrs henry wood's novel is far-fetched, yes, but i must say, i couldn't put it down and read it in three days this ultimately engrossing story (the reason for the five stars), accurately depicts victorian thinking. East lynne's best free dating site 100% free online dating for east lynne singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in east lynne looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. East lynne theater company (eltc) is a proven destination for theater lovers who crave the adventure of discovery by celebrating the american spirit on stage through timeless classics and provocative new works, this award-winning equity professional company provides a portal to the past that provides a better understanding for the present.
Name: east lynne theater company presents: silent sky (a nj premiere) date: october 13, 2018 she lived during an era of immense scientific discoveries, when women’s ideas were dismissed until men claimed credit for them as a working woman, she had to balance her dedication to science with family obligations and the possibility of love. Now east lynne is not entailed, neither is it mortgaged to anything like its value, though the latter fact, as you may imagine, is not patent to the world when i bought it at a bargain, eighteen years ago, you were the lawyer on the other side, i remember. There went, sailing up the avenue to east lynne, a lady, one windy afternoon if not a lady, she was attired as one a flounced dress, and a stylish looking shawl, and a white veil a very pretty woman, tall and slender was she, and she minced as she walked, and coquetted with her head, and. City of east lynne missouri 39 likes welcome to the city of east lynne missouri facebook page please check the page for information about the city jump to a unmarked white van rolled up on her and 3+ men tried to abduct her through the side door luckily she was able to run away she called the police and filed a report.
Avoid communicating via email use the locanto messaging centre the more questions you ask, the more you know use your best judgment: if it seems too good to be true, it most likely is. Buy a cheap copy of east lynne book by mrs henry wood when the aristocratic lady isabel abandons her husband and children for her wicked seducer, more is at stake than moral retribution ellen wood played upon the free shipping over $10. By convincing them that east lynne and its furniture belonged to me but there are those two men upstairs, in possession of—of him i could not get rid of them the earl looked at him. Bookofmatchescom™ offers east lynne free dating and personals for local single men and/or women the sign up process takes only seconds start meeting singles in east lynne, missouri right now by signing up free or browsing through personal ads and hookup with someone that matches your interests.
East lynne on the western front is a 1931 british comedy film directed by george pearson and starring herbert mundin, mark daly and alf goddard it was made at the lime grove studios. But east lynne is a more anxious and layered novel than its preposterous plot might suggest some of these complexities are autobiographical some of these complexities are autobiographical mrs henry wood was born in 1814 as ellen price, the daughter of an affluent glove-manufacturer in worcester. B de hoster am here for you ladies am 36yrs b 45yrs downwards n let me bang u hard no charges jst.
Hello guys im a guy aged 24 looking fir somone yi jv hv wth im vers straight actng guy be around. East lynne theater company presents 'silent sky' - celebrating the 150th anniversary of henrietta leavitt's birthday this entertaining and enlightening play tells the story of henrietta leavitt. East lynne theater company founded in 1980, eltc was the first equity professional theater in the country to focus on american classics and new works based on historic american themes it's artistic excellence has been noted in the wall street journal and other papers.
Cause: An attempt was made to exceed the maximum number of concurrent sessions allowed by the SESSION_PER_USER clause of the user profile.
Dissertation topics: Participation of the lawyer-defender in appeal criminal proceeding - Jurisprudence
Dissertation idias: Participation of the lawyer-defender in appeal criminal proceeding ... more in detail 2006
Dissertation example: Participation of the lawyer-defender in the course of proving at a stage of preliminary investigation and in the trial court ... more in detail 2005
Doctoral dissertation: Participation of the lawyer-defender in collecting of proofs on preliminary investigation ... more in detail 1998
Dissertation abstracts: Participation of the lawyer-defender in criminal procedure proving on affairs cognizable jury ... more in detail 2001
Dissertation sample: Participation of the lawyer-defender in formation of proofs at a stage of preliminary investigation ... more in detail 2008
Dissertation thesis: Participation of the lawyer-defender at a stage of preliminary investigation ... more in detail 1998
Phd dissertation: Participation of joint-stock companies in the civil circulation ... more in detail 2001
Dissertation proposal: Participation of shareholders in management of joint-stock company in the Russian Federation (Civil-law problems and ways of their decision) ... more in detail 2004
Dissertation topics: Participation in civil procedure of the state bodies and local governments ... more in detail 2001
New dissertation idias: Participation in civil procedure of the state bodies and local governments for a conclusion summer residence on business ... more in detail 2006
Dissertation idias: Participation in civil procedure of the state bodies and local governments for a conclusion summer residence on business ... more in detail
Dissertation example: Participation in civil procedure of the persons supporting the rights, Freedom and legitimate interests of other persons ... more in detail
Doctoral dissertation: Participation in a housing co-operative as a way of satisfaction of housing requirement of citizens ... more in detail 2007
Dissertation abstracts: Participation in maintenance of a world order as function of the Russian state ... more in detail 2005
Dissertation sample: Participation in investigatory actions of heads of organs of inquiry, public prosecutors, officials of the bodies which are carrying out operatively-search activity: Remedial and tactical aspects ... more in detail 2008
Dissertation thesis: Participation of deputies of the State Duma of Federal assembly of the Russian Federation in legislative process ... more in detail 2003
Phd dissertation: Participation of legislative (representative) public authorities of subjects of the Russian Federation in legislative activity of Federal assembly of the Russian Federation (on the Republic Buryatiya example) ... more in detail 2008
Dissertation proposal: Participation of the defender in proving on preliminary investigation ... more in detail 2001
Dissertation topics: Participation of the defender in proving on criminal cases ... more in detail 2006
New dissertation idias: Participation of the defender in investigatory actions (modern criminal procedure and tactical problems) ... more in detail 2001
Dissertation idias: Participation of the defender in collecting of proofs at a stage of preliminary investigation ... more in detail 2008
Dissertation example: Participation of the defender on preliminary investigation and in judicial manufacture: Remedial and tactical aspects ... more in detail 2000
Doctoral dissertation: Participation of foreign persons in the Russian arbitral procedure ... more in detail 2004
Dissertation abstracts: Participation of executive committee of regional council of People's Deputies in civil procedure in protection of valuable interests ... more in detail
Dissertation sample: Participation of the physician-criminalist in disclosing and investigation of crimes:P« On materials of law-enforcement bodies of Republic of Buryatiya ... more in detail 2005
Dissertation thesis: Participation of not state pension funds in civil matters ... more in detail 2006
Phd dissertation: Participation of the noncommercial organisations in enterprise activity ... more in detail 2004
Dissertation proposal: Participation of convicted and its defender in criminal procedure proving ... more in detail 2002
Dissertation topics: Participation of the public in struggle against offences ... more in detail 1998
The movie is about a group of prisoners, led by an armed robber and a gangster, who attempt to escape from the infamous Alcatraz Island.
Alright, I still got many tests and assignments up, but I'm going to post a deck anyways... I've actually been thinking about how to incorporate Zamool, Ursis and Cromaxx together... and made up several decks... However I think I'm going to stick with just just Ursis and Cromaxx as the two work so nicely with each other xD! The Last of my AU Ultra Series
Ursis is one of the devastating beasts of Perim, sporting 3 Mugic Counters and 80 Energy. He has the Earth Element, High Power, not bad Courage and 45 Wisdom and Speed. This makes him an extremely capable fighter that can almost fight and win any Chaotic Creature in a 1v1 match. He even is a Warrior Muge, so you can mix him with Sword of Khy'at and Caster's Warsong!
First seen in the television series used by Codemaster Crellen, Cromaxx retains his ability to be invulnerable to damaging mugic which is always a useful feature. Often, you will spot him with his friends that cannot be burned by mugic like Epitrinne. Overall, Great Courage, 70 Energy, Above Average Power and Earth and Water Elements.
Cutting to the chase... You're going to use Obe of Obscurity and infect 6 creatures (Via Ursis), this will give the two Fliandars basically double their energy for each of them. This deck is catered for Earth and Courage attacks meaning both Smildon and Ursis can fight despite them being your muges.
Cromaxx is in the center, with his big boulder and a Drilldozer will spot 90e on average and with attacks like Tectostrike... The opponent's will go down quickly...
Fliandar is plain awesome with his ability able to be used to recover when needed... and with Skeletal Steed, he can zoom into your opponent's backlines and if they attempt to defend, Fliandar with his abiltiy should be able to counter their defender with ease... Then you can attack whichever supporter you want =D!
Smildon is your Defender and your muge, sporting 2{} and his awesome ability... If your opponent flips a Imaginary Walls, use Smildon's ability and everything will be A-OK!
Now, this is interesting because your back creature is Mhein... And if your opponent manages somehow to take down all 5 of your creatures, Mhein is going to take take revenge with Courage and Earth Element. The reason I have it Weightless Energy Vessel is because we don't want Mhein gettin targeted by any mugic that has the possibility to reducing our chances of winning in any way...
Welcome Back! - Hey guys long time no see. I know Chaotic is dead but that doesn't mean that players aren't still interested, like myself. But anyways for those who look a...
Miped Montage - Headmaster Ankhyja Is The Main focus in this army without him this army would be useless He is basically the building point on which i used for this army ...
Proof of activity - So I've recently joined trading cards online and posted my last deck (that arctus one). I've started posting some of my extra cards on there that I'd like ...
Hello... I play loads of TCGs in the past, present and probably the future... Great type of Games... Pity none in Australia...
In no way am I affiliated to Chaotic, just a chaotic player. Picture Window theme. Theme images by enot-poloskun. Powered by Blogger.
Every month (as long as some interest remains) I will post up a post here to work hand-in-hand with the decks posted on "TradeCardsOnline" site.
*The attacks and locations may depend on personal preference and playstyle - A Power Stat deck is a strong variant however in the decklist above I went with a bit of Fire elemental attacks for a tad variation
This is MY version of the classic Zamool Burn deck that almost every Underworld Player has a variant of. It's definately an all-in type of deck that abuses Zamool's ability to prevent the opponent from even attempting to stop it.
For those unfamiliar with the concept, Zamool must ALWAYS be involved in the First Battle, whether by Agitos, Eloquent Motivator's ability (Opponent's first) or simply attacking with Zamool. This locks the opponent from using mugic or activated abilities. This simply means you can cast any mugic you wish without fear of them denying the mugic.
As soon as Zamool is engaged, we can begin to distribute the damage in any way you see fit. In total, the MAXIMUM damage that can be done...
The 140 Damage should be plethora enough to wipe out at least a front-line creature (or two) or wipe a ton of the backline. Adding the fact that you've engaged a particular creature beforehand that you may not have used your burn mugic on, you could potentially wipe half the board with a single blow.
To talk a bit about Improvisational Melody - It's a mugic that could potentially cost 0 Mugic Counters (Should you have dealt 20 or more damage beforehand) that does 10 damage or 20 damage if cast by Kopond, HMotH - Thus I did not count it in the "Base Burn Damage"
Roar of the Mob is also a variable mugic dealing 10 damage per Counter on the Creature. Thus you would usually only want to cast this on a caster possibly a Najarin Fluidmorpher's Foe or a Karraba for instance. Again this number is variable and could change should you choose to cast it with Kopond.
In fact, this deck is all about that single moment where you burst everything down and bring their morale swooping down into a crash.
Before Zamool gets to attack, be warned they may burn your own creatures down! (If they're Underworlders' anyways)
This is a "All-In" deck, meaning there isn't much room for variation compared to other decks (in terms of playstyle). There's no defensive mechanisms like Bronzeflights or Weightless Energy Vessels.
However, this "All-In" playstyle is what I've come to love about *some* of the Underworlders, and I love the idea of a "Sink-or-Swim" method deck.
I am the Original Creator of this Deck, it got me 1st place in the Crellan Drome and my invite to Worlds. Where I got 2 Droskins!!! Please bring this game back some1, also i want all my card data from the original website if possible :D
**Members must log on to view addition information with the bulletins, church officers, certain annoucements
Here are the up to date and approved Minutes for the Parish Council Meetings in 2015. If you would like more information, then please contact the Clerk of the Parish Council. Her contact details can be found on the Contact section of this website. NB The Council do not meet in August.
The Minutes will be added to the website when they have been approved at the Council meeting the following month. For example, September’s Minutes will be added to the website following the October meeting.
If any individual would like to receive paper copies of the most current Parish Council Meeting Minutes, please contact the clerk via email: parishclerk@chappel.org and we will be most happy to provide a copy to you free of charge.
Charles Dewandeler was the "featured director" on the November 2006 episode of "Uploaded" which aired on the Independent Film Channel.
To find the dates and times for all of your favorite IFC programs, log on to IFC.com and type your favorite show in the "Search IFC.com" box.
a family version of either the City/Table Mountain, Peninsula or Winelands tour. The City tour still incorporates Table Mountain, but will focus more on things like the Castle, Noon Day Gun and include the Aquarium. For the Peninsula, we will either incorporate a Seal Cruise, going to Scratch Patch to look for semi-precious stones, of course the penguins. We try and break the journey more often to cater for those with shorter attention spans! We can even include teaching the kids how to surf for those who are too restless! Lastly, the Winelands has additional child-friendly activities such as visiting the Cheetah Awareness Project, Eagle Encounters and Butterfly World. All of these activities can be weaved into the itinerary so that everyone is kept interested.
“I do not like the look. I would not wear these shoes with shorts or short skirts—maybe with something more structured or military-inspired.”
“To me, the trend is inspired by the club-kid era of the early ’90s. It’s a statement shoe for bold, fashion-forward people who like to push the style envelope. Since it’s such a statement piece, it’s important to keep the rest of the outfit simple. Wear the shoes with slim pants, skirts, shorts, or dresses. Avoid wearing anything, such as a flare pant, that would distract or overpower them.”
The Holy City painter known for her vibrant beach scenes, figure studies, and flower-crowned girls reveals her...
The designer behind Library by Lauren Lail fills us in on her women’s clothing label, personal fashion and beauty...
Tory Burch knows how to go Glam in a perfectly understated way. Mimic the designer’s chic look by pairing Metallic...
Petals popped up all over fall/winter runways, proving that in heavier fabrics and deeper colors, they make cheerful...
Equipment Located in the Kelley Automotive Superstore building at 3330 East Lincolnway, Columbia City, IN 46725
Contact us @ info@charlestonauctions.com or call 260-373-0850 & speak with a Charleston representative today for more details!
This is ongoing amazon niche site case study. I have added all the working tricks and methods for you in the ebook. I showed all the possible to find out the profitable niche , keywords , killer content , product research , link building , conversion rate optimization etc.
I ll add case study time to time to so that you can learn with exact working methods. my motive is to teach you "How To Make Niche Site From Scratch And Turn It Into 6 Figure Site."
I did last year again with one of my niche site . Even I released a action packed course for newbies so that they can learn with help of step by step video guide. Check out here - http://member.commonstupidman.com/join-us/
For those who require anymore information or have any questions regarding our privacy policy, don't hesitate to contact us by email at webmaster@childrens-library.com.
At childrens-library.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This online privacy policy document outlines the types of personal data is received and collected by childrens-library.com and how it is used.
Like many other Web sites, http://dora.childrens-library.com uses log files. The data inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not connected to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons childrens-library.com does use cookies to maintain information regarding visitors preferences, record user-specific facts about which pages the user access or visit, customize Webpage content according to visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie .:: Google, as a 3rd party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on http://dora.childrens-library.com. .:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users according to their visit to childrens-library.com and other internet sites. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by going to the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include .... Google Adsense
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that visible on childrens-library.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
childrens-library.com has no access to or control of these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policy pages of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. childrens-library.com's online privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control these activities of, such other advertisers or internet sites.
If you would like disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More in depth information about cookie management with specific internet browsers can be obtained on the browsers' respective websites.
The gravitational pull of a mountain adds to Earth's overall gravity, and this introduces small tilts in the direction that gravity pulls. By this mechanism, undersea mountains tilt sea level. We can use satellite radar measurements of sea level to detect these tilts and infer the presence of uncharted mountains below the sea surface.
This cartoon exaggerates the effect for clarity. In reality, though an undersea mountain can be a few kilometers high, the bump in sea level it produces is only a few meters high. A typical seamount tilts the sea surface by a very small angle, around 30 micro-radians. Scientists are trying to measure these tilts to 1 micro-radian to discover the unknown topography of the sea floor. One microradian of sea surface slope means that sea level changes by 1 mm vertically for each 1 km you move horizontally.
Aaron Rodgers injury update: Packers QB ‘getting better,’ listed as questionable | NFL | Sporting News
September 15, 2018 9:52am EDT September 15, 2018 9:51am EDT American Football, English, Aaron Rodgers, Green Bay Packers, NFL Rodgers injured his leg in the first half of the Packers’ 24-23 win against the Bears last weekend.
The 34-year-old quarterback injured his leg in the first half of the Packers’ 24-23 win against the Bears last weekend. Rodgers returned to the game, but he did not participate in Green Bay’s practices Wednesday and Thursday.
Packers coach Mike McCarthy discussed Rodgers' status for the team’s Week 2 game against the Vikings with reporters Friday.
“Aaron's getting better,” McCarthy said (via Packers.com). “I would say he feels better than he did at the beginning of the week. Tomorrow's practice will be a big indicator. Nothing's changed, he's still day to day.”
“We’ve established that point some time ago in his career,” McCarthy said. “You’d like to walk off the field Saturday and have your plan set, but this is the NFL. Things happen. We’ll be ready for anything. I know he wants to play. We’ll see how it goes.”
Rodgers completed 20 of 30 passes for 286 yards and three touchdowns in the Packers' comeback victory over Chicago in Week 1.
Last year, 2K Sports started putting foreign born players on the covers of NBA 2K16 games for the markets that they come from.
Tony Park was featured on the French cover. Dennis Schroder was on the German cover. Pau and Marc Gasol shared the cover in Spain.
This year, Danilo Gallinari is adding to the roster as he’ll be featured on the cover of the Italian editions of NBA 2K17.
Unfortunately, at this time, we don’t know what other international versions of NBA 2K17 will feature foreign born players.
Jack of all trades sports fan, Scott has been playing sports video games since he came across Super Tennis on the Super Nintendo. When not writing or playing video games Scott plays a par-even game of disc golf or reading Sci-Fi novels.
!!!ATTENTION!!! Каждый третий клиент (в случайном порядке) оставивший положительный отзыв после приобретения игры Call of Duty: Black Ops, получит на свой Email, указанный при покупке товара, индивидуальный ключ активации подарочной игры в Steam. В подарок вы получаете одну из более чем 30 различных игр для Steam. Рассылка ключей производится в течении 48 часов без учета выходных дней с момента написания отзыва. ПОКУПАЯ У НАС Call of Duty: Black Ops ВЫ ГАРАНТИРОВАННО ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ ЛИЦЕНЗИОННЫЙ КЛЮЧ АКТИВАЦИИ СРАЗУ ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ. Call of Duty: Black Ops — долгожданная седьмая часть Call of Duty. Каждая игра этой серии способствовала развитию жанра шутеров, и Call of Duty: Black Ops не стала исключением.В Call of Duty: Black Ops игроков ждут динамичная однопользовательская кампания, повествующая о событиях времен холодной войны, и разнообразные многопользовательские режимы, среди которых появилось несколько совершенно новых. Особенности игры Call of Duty: Black Ops *События Call of Duty: Black Ops перенесут пользователей во времена холодной войны. В составе элитного подразделения бойцам предстоит участвовать в вооруженных конфликтах по всему миру, например на Кубе и во Вьетнаме *В Call of Duty: Black Ops вы получите доступ к самым последним прототипам оружия того времени, таким как баллистические ножи, пиротехнические патроны для дробовика или арбалет с разрывными боеприпасами *Интерактивное окружение, захватывающий сюжет, зрелищные ракурсы и отличная режиссерская работа делают Call of Duty: Black Ops одной из самых реалистичных и увлекательных игр про войну *В Call of Duty: Black Ops представлено несколько классических сетевых режимов — «Захват флага» (Capture the Flag), «Бомба» (Search and Destroy) и «Командный бой» (Team Deathmatch), а также ряд новых, среди которых инновационные «Игры со ставками» Данный товар предназначен для распространения на территории России и стран СНГ. Мы не несем ответственности за использование товара за пределами СНГ. ~~ This is a Russian version of the game and we are NOT responsible for regional or any other restrictions!
Posted on January 5, 2014 by cristians in anevar, ceccar, EORI, EXPORT, IMPORT, VAMUIRE | Leave a comment
Archives Select Month June 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 September 2015 June 2015 February 2015 January 2015 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014
The Columbus Running Company Charity Fund and Columbus Clippers are teaming up to bring a new and unique event to downtown Columbus. We’re working with a number of local charitable organizations and the Columbus Clippers to put on a fun community event that will showcase the generosity and caring of Columbus.
Local charities and non-profits will work with the Generosity Columbus 5K team to get their organization signed up. Once they’re registered, the organization’s name will be available for participants to choose when registering. All proceeds from the event will be going to the registered organizations. When participants select a charity during the registration process, 100% of the proceeds from their registration fee will go toward the charity of their choice. If a participant does not select a specific charity from the list, their proceeds will be distributed evenly among all registered charities.
Tell your friends! In your confirmation message, you’ll be given details on how you can earn Columbus Running Company gift certificate dollars by getting your friends to sign up with your referral code. $5 per confirmed referral.
Select “I can’t participate, but would like to donate to a charity” at the bottom of the page, and continue to enter your information and donation.
There is no cost for the Kids Fun Run, but we do ask that you register children who will be participating so we can plan accordingly.
Select “I would like to volunteer for this event” at the bottom of the page, and continue to enter your information and select your preferred volunteer duty. We’re looking for volunteers for registration, event setup and teardown, on-course water station, and being route assistants.
We’ll provide further instructions by email in the weeks leading up to the event. This event couldn’t happen without a strong volunteer force making everything run smoothly. Thank you for your interest in being a very important part of the team!
Early Packet Pickup: we’ll be hosting packet pickup for all pre-registered participants at all Columbus Running Company locations on July 2 through July 5 during normal store hours (Friday until 6 p.m.). Please note, we’re closed on July 4th. Select the location nearest to you so you can save time on race morning:
Course map: Click here for a detailed course map. The course starts outside Huntington Park, takes a tour of the Arena District and a loop around Goodale Park, before returning to the stadium for a finishing lap around the warning track. Yes, you’ll be finishing the Generosity Columbus 5K on the field! Bring your cameras and your best finisher’s smile for this once in a lifetime opportunity!
8:45 a.m. – Post-race fun starts! You’ll get your finisher medal, and an opportunity to grab some refreshments while sharing tales of the road with your fellow participants.
Parking: There is ample public parking around Huntington Park, with many surface lots, parking garages, and on-street parking available. As it is downtown Columbus, parking in some areas may cost a few bucks. Please obey all posted regulations.
The Generosity Columbus 5K at Huntington Park is all about raising awareness and funds for the participating local charities and non-profit organizations. We greatly appreciate your participation, donation, and time volunteering. You all help to make this event a success, and your spirit is a source of pride for the community. Please take the time to learn more about all of the organizations taking part in the Generosity Columbus 5K by clicking on the logos below.
Born in Kittery Maine. Went to Curry College in Milton Ma. Moved to Ohio in 1990 & in August of 2008 created Dangerous Events.com Inc. Joined the Network Leaders alliance in 2009. Have been growing the business since. Promotions and events specialist providing key marketing support with expertise in advertising, marketing, promotional events, branding, and public relations. More than 10 years experience successfully executing more than 200 events. Proven ability to plan, coordinate, and successfully execute promotional campaigns, special events, and conventions.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Alliance, charity, Columbus, Community, Company, Computer, Fund, Running, Warehouse, Welcome. Bookmark the permalink.
That is a great question! You have started a business & you know your service inside & out but who is your customer? You may have a good idea of who they are but they don’t know you. You really … Continue reading →
The December 2011 issue #16 of Network Today we talked about Networking during the holidays & Sandee Hemphill As always give us your thoughts & ideas
Like us- Follow us- Friend us- Full service marketing & advertising company. We are able to work with all budgets & all forms of media. Print, Billboard, cable, web, radio, we are connected. We start with your idea, build a … Continue reading →
Tagged advertising, design, marketing, media buying, Planning, promotions	| Comments Off on DE Advertising
Copyright © 2018 - Developed by Martial Arts website design by 97Display / Privacy Policy / Web Purchases Refund Policy
The Magpie Mirror offers handmade unique jewelry that is minimal, earthy. Some are upcycled pieces, some are natural stones and a “Create your own” bar. She also created a line of Golden Snitch necklaces and Tardis pendants for the fandom enthusiast.
Hello Kitty, cute anime/manga based stickers, figures etc, cheap bracelets, art supplies, anything green!
Geeky woman married to a nerd-man! One 5yr old girl & one girly bub! We <3 jesus family!. Luv cupcakes, art n crafts, bollywood, food & cooking, video games, music, j-rock & pop, anime, foreign films, being a mum. we have 2 Kittens (female to male 4:1) & computers to humans (7:4) or 10:4 if u include xbox 360's.
This is a Flickr badge showing public photos from tianmummy tagged with fun. Make your own badge here.
"In Harvest Moon, your a young single adult male. Your on a quest to make your family proud. Build a profitable farm, seasonal crops, ducks, chickens, cows, sheep,a horse, a cat, a dog. With that you have seasons to deal with, ground to turn over, seedlings and plants to water each day (no water restrictions! hahaha) snow storms that keep you inside (usually back to bed) to survey any damage the next day. The products of your animals, milk, eggs, cheese, yogurt, mayo, wool(sheared), yarn. Cows and sheep to make pregnant (potion-a-la-pregnancy) chickens and their eggs go in the hatchery for more chickens."
The crow was a deep, dark and somewhat brutally depressing movie. While its sweet that a lover "crow" would come back and seek revenge on the absolute abhorrent humans that killed his love (i typed life which would also fit) And i guess that underlying love and passion for the woman he loves is like the only light in this movie. (that and his acts of taking the drugs out of the hooker mum, cleaning up the city and all that). The police dude telling his supervisor the names of the bad guys and the supervisor says "doesn't anyone in your city have real names?" that was a funny bit. The main bad dude and his half-sister/lover sister were pretty easy to hate. What i didnt know was that Brandon Lee (who plays the crow) is bruce Lee's son. Both tragic ends for two great actors! *sigh* And i guess that it has that heath ledger, Aaliyah feel to it... when people are at their prime or debut to a higher level of accomplishment and then they are taken away so quickly! Brandon Lee was killed during the shooting of this movie (no pun intended, he was accidently shot)
Important Things to Keep in Mind When applying for a job, you may be asked about felony convictions.
Writing a resume is hard enough, but writing a resume with a felony is a nightmare. This post covers how to do that, and has 5 pieces of advice to help.
Ms Resume Help, Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 436 likes · 3 talking about this. Resume advice and job search tips to help lead you closer to the job offer
9 reviews of Resume and Cover Letter Help "Erin worked with my son who was getting interviews but not landing a job. I asked her to coach my son on his interview skills.
Ex Offender Job Readiness. Search this “Have you ever been convicted of a felony? The material on this page was compiled with help from the South
Need help with resume to see your CV pull all the right chords in minds of potential employers? Professional resume help is found here.
Find out if you can join the US Army US Army Felony Policy . Another organization that helps drug addicts and ex-convicts and has offices in a Resume Resources.
Jobs For Felons by City and people just like you visiting our website looking for work with a felony on their that great at writing resumes,
2018-07-05 · How to Remove a Felony From Your Record. Having a felony on your record can cause serious problems even after you've served your sentence. Felons may have difficulty
The latest Tweets from Help My Resume (@helpmyresume). HelpMyResume's mission is to assist those who find themselves in financial peril due to unemployment, by
Resume dilemma: Criminal record The purpose of a resume is to help you secure a job interview. For your resume to work,
The term felony, in some common law countries, is defined as a serious crime. The word originates from English common law (from the French medieval word "félonie"),
It pays to get help (or at least have your resume reviewed) before sending it to hiring managers. Here's how to get help writing your resume.
We want to help ex-offenders find employment and find jobs that hire Ex-offenders Employment: and finding a job with a felony may seem like an impossible
Free resume help to make writing a resume easy. Perfect your resume now with genius tips and expert advice from professionals. No need for writing services: just read
Easy resume help, - Proposal presentation. Our writers come from a variety of professional backgrounds. Some of them are journalists and bloggers, others have a
We offer expert assistance in resume writing. We guarantee that using our resume help service greatly increases your chances of getting the job you want.
This is not all the floss I own; it's just the floss that needs to be sorted and organized. I suspect there is more lurking in my home somewhere!
It's been years since I've cross-stitched. All of these were purchased because I love them, and all have been languishing for years.
I love Marjolein Bastin and started this years and years ago--so long ago that the charts are worn along the edges. The code for the colors has been lost. I tried to get new charts, but the American distributor refused to provide them because they are copyrighted and offered to sell me a new kit, which they don't even have. Not happy with them since Lanarte Europe says support is available through local vendors. Fortunately, a friend who knows I love Marjolein Bastin gifted me the Leisure Arts booklet years ago, and I kept it, so I'm able to do a sort of work around. However, between the chart, the books, and the deteriorating edges of the chart, it's slow going, and I can't work on it exclusively because it can get exhausting.
To provide some simpler productivity, I also pulled out these other three projects, also begun over ten years ago. I still love them, so I know I chose well.
I have no idea why I never got beyond the "Spring." I also have charts for the other three seasons, but clearly Spring was more inspiring.
I also love this Winter-Early Spring. The booklet and the project got separated, and I was delighted to be able to reunite them this week.
I do have countless more cross stitch projects, both started and still in their packages. I may thin out a few.
Then there was the thimble conundrum. My antique sterling silver thimble won't stay on my finger--which means my fingers used to be a lot fatter. Of course, all my non-silver thimbles are also too big.
In fact, during the years when I was hand quilting, I used a size 8 or 10 of the metal model in front of the photo. Today I purchased the leather thimble, which will work for cross stitch. I don't see much hand-piecing or hand quilting in my future. I purchased the blue one too, but it doesn't fit that well over my fingernail, even if they are shorter today due to my fresh manicure.
All the above are just part of the counted cross stitch revival, a benefit accompanying my recent official retirement. I'm still knitting, quilting, tatting, et cetera. I'm thinking about creating a needlework schedule because it's so easy to focus on one thing and exclude others.
The birds below are being stalked by one of the stray cats my 85 year old neighbor insists on feeding. They are doing a great job of avoiding him/her, even when he perches atop the wall and pretends to be a statue. I had a hard time getting a photo of them. Their coloring is beautiful, but I have no idea what kind they are.
My hair is coming out by the handfuls; I may be bald by Sunday! I'm hoping some of my friends will bless me by going along to try on wigs and hats this weekend!
This moring was Busy Bee Quilt Shop's annual Pajama Day Sale. I'm pretty sure that there is evidence to indicate I can't blame them--since I'd even taken the time to stop by the shop yesterday to see if they had some fabrics to go with a project I'm planning and for which I already have the other fabrics. I had to go get some blood drawn and the shop is very close to the lab.
Pre-shopping was a great idea since I knew exactly where to go to grab bolts. Yesterday the owner told me a lady had come in and taken all kinds of photos to help her when she returned today.
They had two cutting tables going, and I arrived just a few minutes after eight, so the shopping experience went fairly quickly despite the number of customers.
Now, seeing these together, I may have to use something else for the planned quilt and combine these in a new quilt so they can live happily together. We'll see.
I need to launder and iron them, and put in some time in my sewing room to get some clutter organized so I can actually sew.
We're having a very windy day, and as I sit here, I'm watching one of the cats my neighbor feeds sitting statue-like on the wall, undoubtedly hoping to convince any bird seeking shelter from the wind that he's totally harmless. I hope he fails!
(Day 10 is not, so far, the worst day, and I'm glad the oncologist was wrong about that. I just wish I had more energy and endrance.)
I finally went into my sewing room to consider what to piece or quilt next--for the first time since my December 29 surgery. Decision--didn't make one that had anything to do with quiltmaking. Sorry.
A lot has happened since that sugery, and, as a result, I've decided to start a second blog. So many people have been affected by cancer, and I'm thinking the most injured of them do not want to read about anyone's cancer adventures on a quilting or knitting blog. I'll let you know when that one is up and running.
I realized I could not continue to serve kids, including sick kids, when my immune system will be wiped out due to chemo.
My new school graciously accepted my resignation--although I feel like I've left them much too soon.
I've had a port implanted for chemo and had my first treatment a week ago. The current plan is for six treatments three weeks apart as long as the blood tests come back with acceptable results.
If we can maintain that schedule, my final treatment will be two days before my Engineer receives her master's degree.
This entire journey has seen only a couple of downers the entire time, and I've received more blessings than I can count, faster than I can write them down.
My first retirement check should arrive about March 1, and my daughter and I are all set up for the new insurance coverage to kick in.
So, no new quiltmaking decisions firmed up yet, but I'm ready to immerse myself in color very, very soon.
Flowers on the left from the special ed staff at my new school, flowers on the right from my daughter, her friend, and his parents. Journal for recording the things I'm going to forget otherwise. And the lovely prayer quilt that's already bringing blessings.
We did not get the DaVinci robot, which was a blessing since the tumor was wrapped around the ureter and required more extensive surgery than predicted. We still don't know what kind of cancer and won't for a while, so we can't make a treatment plan yet.
My hospitalization was filled with blessings from start to finish. I thought I knew what "peace that passes understanding" is and what it feels like. I'm astounded by how much more/better/blessed it really is.
Absolutely everyone I came in contact with proved to be a blessing. However, I will exclude the woman who phoned today and asked by name to speak to my mother. When one is recovering from surgery and one's brain is at the height of malfunctioning that the pain drug creates, having someone ask to speak to one's deceased mother, giving limited information as if I had done something wrong, etc., can be very disconcerting. I still wonder where the caller's head was.
The pain medication is doing a good job, but about one hour into the dose, my brain isn't--but then my brain clears and the pain is still under control.
This prayer quilt is a gift from the Victory Prayer Quilt group at my church. (For reference, my wals are lavender, not pink, and there is lavender in the quilt peeking out on the right. The photo was taken with my phone and took all night to travel to my in-box--which reiiterates why I need to find my camera!)
It's beautiful--and I'm guessing it is the work of Judy, for whom I've quilted many prayer quilts over the years. I've been one of the makers in that ministry since it was started many years ago (maybe around 2004 and 2005). I'm blessed to receive it. It will travel to the hospital with me on Friday. Surgery has been moved up 1/2 hour; we still need many prayers for the DaVinci robot, because it's currently booked for someone else. I did ask that the surgeon continue to let them know he wants to use it if it becomes available. It could significantly decrease both my healing time and my time in the hospital.
In the meantime, I'm praying, nesting, and avoiding places with sick people. I do love just being home!
I hope for one or two more year's end quilt finishes since they need only binding. I knit in spare moments but am not sure I'll manage more year's end knitting finishes.
I just finished quilting and binding this and hanging it on our door. Pre-printed panel made it great for quilting fun. I think it's the only finish (or start, for that matter) since the unintended blogging break that started in June.
Mostly I've been knitting socks (most still in progress) and one finished fade sweater. Pictures later, hopefully.
In the meantime, the Engineer returned to school and is half way (maybe farther) through her master's degree. I was offered a new job, which I accepted, but have worked there for only one week since my previous school refused to release me earlier. I was in physical therapy for quite a while because my lumbar spine and sacrum kept locking up (and because it took five months to get into the orthopedist who specializes in backs). There is some lumbar deterioration that is common with aging, but what an MRI showed in addition is a pelvic mass, which raises concerns for ovarian cancer. Blood markers for cancer are only slightly elevated, CT scans show the mass but are not definitive. Therefore, next Friday, 12/29, I'm scheduled for surgery. In addition to praying for healing, we are praying the DaVinci computerized surgery and surgery room become available--since five small incisions would heal much more quickly than one vertical incision. (Sick days do not transfer to new jobs, so I've lost six weeks of sick leave and have only five days, which will not be sufficient.) My daughter doesn't have to return to university until January 22, so that is a blessing. In the meantime, I'm praying a lot, keeping things calm and sweet, and enjoying all the small delights and music that make the holidays so special. I welcome additional prayers for healing and for the availability of the DaVinci since it's scheduled for weeks out and we need it to become available for this coming Friday.
She names her colorways after places is New Mexico. I wasn't paying attention to that. When I got home I saw that she had named the lower one, which has more mossy greens than evident in the photo, for the little town just up the road.
Here's a photo of her card. She's in the process of setting up her web site for shopping, but is still loading yarns.
I enjoyed a few days off work, went back for a day of training yesterday, and am now ready to enjoy our short summer break (one day shy of two months). I'm not sure exactly when teachers got a three month spring break (never in my nearly four decade career), but we did get 10-week breaks in the past. I hope I can find enough energy to make this one productive in quite a few ways.
A couple of months ago a dear friend said I needed red socks. I don't do red socks, so I inquired if fuchsia would work. I finished the first pair a few weeks ago and posted about them here.
This yarn is in the Djinni color way from an independent dyer and was purchased last year. Toe up, a basic heel flap I've used for years, and an instep and ankle pattern lifted from a piece of knitting not originally on a sock.
The rest of these yarns were purchased from vendors at the Albuquerque Fiber Arts Fiesta May 17. I went looking specificially for yarns containing fuchsia. I've finished one pair so far.
This color way is Big Girls Don't Cry from Zia Woolz. Some of her yarns can create a multi-colored set of stripes depending upon how many stitches are cast on and the size of the needles. I used 2.25 mm needles and may have cast on 32 stitches. Toe up, one circular needle, short row heel from Arne & Carlos, for which they have posted both Norwegian and English tutorials on their blog and You-Tube.
I forgot to take a picture in the skein, so here's a little bit of the yarn in a ball and the socks. I loved the way these pooled. I also made them a bit shorter for summer. No pattern; I just improvised as I went.
These are in process and are Honey Bee from Zia Woolz. Not a lot of fuchsia but lots of colors that appeal to bees when they are in floral form. I've done a lot of darker socks lately, so these are kind of refreshing--and this is just plain vanilla. I'll probably do another German short row heel.
Bougainvilla from Wooly Wonka. Another customer had just bought every skein of this when I arrived, so Anne showed me a mini-skein and went home and dyed this one up for me.
Since I had been so focused on fuchsia at the show, and was rushed, as well, I never made it back to her booth to get Sea Dragon, so she died one of those for me too.
This is more in line with what I usually purchase, but the copper colors in this make it very special.
And this is the drawstring bag with yellow ribbons that I made a couple of months ago and have been taking with me amost everywhere so that I can keep knitting, even when I'm walking.
Despite everything I've tried in order to increase the speed of my knitting, even in the vanilla sock version it takes me two minutes and forty seconds to complete a 64 stitch round English style and three minutes twenty seconds to do it continental style. However, I'm still likely to switch hands now and then.
As for quilting, it's been several months since I've done any serious sewing! And summer passes swiftly! I'm trying to watch knitting vlogs while I knit at home. Maybe I'll learn something.
A finished pair of socks. Traditional Gansey stitch pattern. No written pattern since I did toe up two-at-time on circular needles with a heel variation. There is a bit of stellina fiber in this yarn. My concern that it might be a bit scratchy was entirely unfounded. I don't feel it, but I do love the bit of sparkle.
I started these about a week into April, knowing I was going to have time merely waiting on other people to do things in April and that, secondly, this is historically a very windy month, and knitting is a good distraction. Therefore, knitting socks allowed me to be productive instead of crazy.
I've decided I need more fuchsia yarn for more fuchsia socks, although mostly I just need more socks because the ones I began knitting about eight or nine years ago are wearing out--not that my early socks fit all that well anyway. This is a great time to knit socks since there are so many indie dyers doing absolutely amazing yarn dyeing on such a wide variety of bases.
This afternoon I'm tying to finish up another pair of socks that had been languishing since sometime in 2016. This has been a good weekend for knitting since it came with a major cold-front, high winds, and a reported nine inches of snow. This snow storm was the only major snow storm we've had this winter (aside from quite a few little ones). It was fascinating to hear and sometimes watch the snow slide off my less-than-a-year-old metal roof. I'm thinking the drip line below my roof is going to be a wonderful place for some blooming plants, since if we have a normal winter with normal snows and a normal summer with normal monsoons, a lot more moisture will be benefiting the soil.
I am still trying to figure out what I'd like to grow as a ground cover. Someone suggested vinca major, so I may try some of that. While I'd love to grow rosemary and lavender, I priced bulk rosemary seed and about fell over. I had an ever-expanding rosemary patch that was obliterated last year when I lost control of the yard and had to hire someone to mow it while I was at work. I'm hoping some of the rosemary will reappear this year; if so, I'll begin moving it to a better location. Because of our high wind/desert location, our choices for ground cover are somewhat limited. (Not the my neighbor's invasive sumac and choke cherries have gotten the message that we don't want them!)
Less than a month until the end of my school year. Two weeks until my daughter graduates with a Bachelor's in Materials Science & Engineering. She'll be home while she works in ABQ at her summer internship and then will head back to Socorro for her master's degree. I'm hoping I can be more productive in the housekeeping and quiltmaking departments this summer.
Lifelong stitcher [well, since 2 1/2], mom, teacher, quiltmaker, musician, singer, reader, writer, mentor.
Due to the massive amounts of spam my little tiny blog receives, I can no longer allow anonymous comments. To avoid having to moderate all comments and to avoid disallowing comments from those who do not have Google accounts or Open ID, I've inserted the comment form below. The comment form allows those who prefer more privacy to contact me without others seeing their contact information, and it will also allow me to reply.
A place to talk about the issues that relate to rescues and rescuing, such as quarantine, rehabilitating damaged rats and such like.
We found a small brown rat wandering outside our house tonight. It looks as though she has something on her fur on her back that she can't clean off. She let me pick her up and put her in an old cage. Her breathing seems a little laboured but she's eaten a bit of food.
I would have thought if she has let you pick her up she could be a pet but I'm not sure how an ill rat would behave.
Have tried to put a few pics on photobucket. The little rat has done a good job cleaning her fur overnight and seems a bit brighter. What I need to know is what to do next?
Been vets - he says it's a young wild rat. I can feed it up and release it if I want though it seems to be flat and lethargic again now.
Laura Holt of Stovokor Rattery posted advice on wild rats/rats found outside on her Facebook page on 27th August
S/he does look very poorly, hunched up and spikey up fur can indicate illness. I think it would be kindest to et him/her put to sleep x
This page would like to place cookies on your computer to help us make this website serve you better
Use of our site is for information purposes only and in no way constitutes investment advice. We are not regulated by the FSA in the provision of services on this site. Any opinions expressed on this site are purely the opinions of those expressing the same and do not reflect the opinions or constitute investment advice by ChartsView or their associates, affiliates or employees. The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy
Did you miss the Fall 2018 session? This is another opportunity to join educators from throughout the region at Chatham's Eden Hall Campus and explore sustainability topics that will ignite student interests and make them eager to solve the most challenging problems of the 21st century using Project-Based Learning. Brainstorm potential school and community projects and leave with ideas and strategies to implement great learning experiences. Full day workshop fee is $150. Act 48 Certificates will be given to all participants.
One of the great marriage fantasies, profound in its evocation of “the married state” from the standpoint of ignorance, and looking for all the world as though it were a direct response to Siegel’s Invasion of the Body Snatchers, which came later. Note in particular the confrontation and transformation in the cave, common to both films, whose relation is probably expressed as Polanski’s The Tenant.
“It”, then, as in “The ‘It’ Girl”. Here, as in Creature from the Black Lagoon, Arnold opens on a flat multiplanar display of properties inhering in 3-D photography, and deploys a larger method gradually. His next best shift is the superimposed alien eye or viewpoint (remembered as HAL 9000 in 2001: A Space Odyssey), whereby montage becomes perspective. But his sheer economical sense of 3-D’s power to convey depth gives him his sharpest effects of drama, as the hero descends a precipice and is lost in smoke from the crater, viewed at an abrupt angle imparting not recording the danger, and adding the frisson of reality to an image of the underworld. This is topped with a cascade of rocks completing the burning image derived at a comprehensive remove of abstraction from Keaton’s Seven Chances.
“It” is as solicitous of these Earthlings (it came here by accident or chance) as Oswald Cabal is of the groundlings at the liftoff in Things to Come. Its characteristic is to engulf men in a milky cloud and replicate them as distant projections of itself to repair its spaceship, which is first seen as a hatch opening in the crater it has formed on blazing impact, a hexagonal door that withdraws onto a dark interior with distant isolated lights.
Arnold’s first shot is a rough aerial view of Sand Rock, Arizona by night, showing the harmless hamlet in its true aspect, a hundred and fifty or so lights on a few dozen streets in the middle of the desert.
The crunching compositions of the Academy ratio frame, formed on diagonals with a great central area of horizontal conjunctions, are almost baroque by comparison with the still classicism of Creature from the Black Lagoon, and are a great joy to behold, tremendously articulate as they are.
There really is no exacting poem more expressive and original than this, though Robert Frost’s “Paul Bunyan” has an inkling of it, and lays the basis for the hero’s defense of “it”, or perhaps as Shakespeare put it, “I’ll buckler thee against a million.”
And still another word on this inestimable masterpiece, which shows Arnold out of his time and underappreciated to some extent, though his reputation is solid among some few. The combination of minutely adroit filmmaking (such as the condensation of a hand and arm from a cloud to tap a girl on the shoulder with) and a genuinely abstruse mind at work seems to have made his films fall between two stools, somehow, when it really is a matter (as in The Incredible Shrinking Man) of encompassing the vast range of mind and the finished application of the work exhibited.
One can scarcely imagine a more virile introduction to Jack Arnold than this bravura rendering of King Kong and Sunset Blvd. into a meditation on the writer’s condition. Oh, yes, that last shot of the dead Creature floating face-down is strictly from Wilder, and the Black Lagoon is nothing but ink.
“What an age with hands,” exclaims Rimbaud, “I shall never have my hand” (the Creature’s reappears as the star of Oliver Stone’s film). Even though the realms of Kong and Joe Gillis are clearly seen, that is the work of observation and not of analysis, which demands further that a precise relationship be established between the two.
And here, dear reader, you enter the absolute world of Arnold. The writing hand is a tyrant among other things (Dylan Thomas), it lives by the point of its pen, adapted to live with its head below water, it’s a throwback (Bill Gates) or survival, experts in this field are contentiously divided on the question of whether it is to be studied or hunted and killed.
The clarity of his images is something Arnold has sought as a palimpsest to harbor all these possibilities of ideas, or perhaps rather it might be said there is the Creature and the object of its desire, its Muse if you will, in weightless pursuit within the locus of the title (Out of the Inkwell, as it were).
An upward angle at Julie Adams swimming against sunlight on the surface succeeds momentarily in transforming her into an ideal nudity.
In fact, these pure abstractions of speargun and net, mast and wrack, hand and aquarium, are so precipitously expressive in 3-D they lay the foundation for the original release of Ken Russell’s Altered States with its dynamic effects and similar representation of the artist as monster from the academic viewpoint.
And again, as in It Came from Outer Space, something so outré and profound as this is deliberately left in the guise of a plain old horror movie schoolkids laugh at in art houses, so very quaint it appears to them. They laugh at the clothes in Fritz Lang’s Beyond a Reasonable Doubt, too.
That’s the piquancy of it, one among its aliquots. There’s another shot to match the up-angle, a down-angle that briefly depicts the prehistoric quality of the Creature sinuously moving amongst the rocks at the bottom of its Lagoon (something remotely human, as the clement ichthyologist observes with wonderment).
Take that last shot, add it to the beginning as the start of a flashback, let the pursuit of Kong run between, and you have this Kafkaesque fantasy.
King Kong (the “unacknowledged legislator” in this case) is reflected in the upriver journey. Moby Dick is an important academic theme, it goes so far as to suspend a tire amidships like a target.
The prodigious Amazon breeds unusual sights, “the anteater’s a giant with the strength of a bear,” the ichthyologist explains or expounds on deck.
The film is based on King Kong directly, rather than, as in Creature from the Black Lagoon, thematically related. The best analysis is by Irvin Kershner in A Fine Madness, and this prepares the fine sharpening of satire in Ken Russell’s Altered States.
A literary man is snatched “out of the inkwell” and studied by psychologists, or rather trained like “Flippy the ‘educated’ porpoise” at Ocean Harbor Oceanarium in Florida. The first lesson is STOP, administered with an enormous “electric bull-prod”.
“It’s time Mailer gave both his courage and his unconscious a well-appointed rest,” said John Leonard. Artistic chimps in the Department of Animal Psychology get hugs for daubs, but nobody’s kidding anyone. “A college degree is what a high school diploma used to be,” says a student about to be mauled under the palm trees, “you can’t get a job without one.” Flippy leaps up to ring the bell and earn his bit of mackerel.
The stunning satire on scientific imaginations geared to overpopulation and “the disease of hunger” is handled with great tact by Arnold in his quietest style (cf. Black Eye). Studio posters nevertheless leave no question in the mind, the predacious beast is the Dalian fascinator, the morros de cony.
Acromegalia is the fruit of self-injection at the lab when the head scientist is in town. Nutrient 3Y is manipulated with gloves in an airtight box to prepare a shot for rabbits that grow to maturity in six days. The success of the experiment consists in feeding a variety of creatures on the non-organic substance exclusively, but it has “an almost consistent instability” that is sometimes fatal.
Sweet rationality is the meeting of minds, surrealism dominates from the opening scene of a monster in pajamas and shoes who stumbles through the desert and falls dead.
A rare film in which the beauty of the desert is directly commented on. René Char’s “écroulements de l’amour” are set off by the beast. Arnold takes note twice of Welles’ storefronts in The Magnificent Ambersons to prepare the window shot from Cooper & Schoedsack’s King Kong. Kubrick’s Flying Padre is perhaps suggested early on. The final stage of the ailment is represented with Charles Laughton’s makeup in The Hunchback of Notre Dame (dir. William Dieterle).
An extraordinary piece of film shown in a university lab presents the small Arizona tarantula repulsing a rattlesnake from its burrow, its apparition hundreds and even thousands of times normal size suggests Poe’s Death’s-headed Sphinx descending “the naked face of the hill”.
You will note that the ending is from Rossen’s All the King’s Men. Nicholas Ray did a monumental job of analysis in Party Girl the following year.
A newly-elected sheriff dominated by a powerful rancher is “weak democracy” against the Axis, and Mussolini is mentioned.
It goes the stages of intimidation following on murder and falsification, until the little railhead town gets its nose rubbed in it.
Christ appears from a ray beamed down on a Southern California beach as a brain, opposing the Thunderer, a six-stage missile at Eagle Point carrying a satellite that can fire an H-Bomb at any city.
Much philosophical and practical discussion precedes the launch, which fails because the technicians’ children are mobilized by the brain.
As surreal as Hans Richter, as funny as Hawks’ Bringing Up Baby, a satire of Academia at Dunsfield University, a key work preparing Russell’s Altered States, all about evolution and the coelacanth, an unchanging piscine progenitor of man.
Madagascar is not in Texas, Professor Blake must explain to a telephone operator, “it’s an island off the East Coast of Africa.”
The effect of gamma rays on the coelacanth sample at Dunsfield is to produce an evolutionary retrogression on contact with its “sharp scales... or with the teeth.”
The film is legendarily famous for the middle term of its plot, which has the smallest nation on earth declare war on the United States in hopes of receiving a sort of Marshall Plan.
The initial term is a vintner in California who apes the duchy’s wines under a false name and so destroys its economy.
Finally, during the medieval invasion of New York, the Q-bomb is seized, a weapon vastly more destructive than any other.
The paradise of Godard’s Notre musique, “guarded by the United States Marines,” a planned community in the San Fernando Valley, tract homes, families only.
The writer in the south of France is called home for tax delinquency, he’s never heard from “planned communities”, away since the war, a romantic expert on foreign customs.
It’s a little unbearable, life in Paradise Village, through many imbroglios and a court case he regularizes it, and marries.
A work of genius, a monstrous satire with a Mancini score on the loudspeakers at Hughes Market and even the doorbell, a great score.
This excoriating analysis of an artist at work has him (Sean McClory) pretending to be blackmailed by his model (Sue Ane Langdon) in order to obtain money from his wife’s uncle (Stuart Erwin) for the return of compromising letters written by her (June Lockhart) before they were married.
The difficult intertwisting arrangement of this massive and monumental comic composition suggests, at least partly, the great Braque Artist and Model in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, an intercomposition of positive and negative views linking the two figures in a kind of chiaroscuro.
As part of a pilot program, McCloud is assigned a female partner, and the two go undercover against a big-time auto theft ring.
“The Park Avenue Rustlers” gives Arnold a slambang opening which then allows an hour of quiet work before the stunning finish. Michael Gleason developed the theme in the following season as “The Colorado Cattle Caper” (dir. Robert Day).
The industrial-strength auto theft drives stolen cars into semi-trailers on the hoof, where they’re chopped down for sale as parts and scrap. McCloud horns in undercover, proposes a Southwest leasing scheme (cp. “Sharks!”, dir. E.W. Swackhamer), gets recognized by Chris Coughlin at a company cocktail party (“Sam, this is the first time I’ve seen you out of uniform!”), and winds up on the skid of a helicopter “moving diagonally across Manhattan 140 mph.”
The greatest triumph of style is the intricate and subtle weirdness of Eddie Albert and Roddy McDowall as middle management under Lloyd Bochner (J. Bristol & Associates launches a menswear line at that cocktail party, with sports endorsements), and note the resemblance of Bochner in this part with his pinball machine to Cesare Danova in “Shivaree on Delancy Street” (dir. Bruce Kessler).
Ofc. Serino (Brenda Vaccaro) is a prim feminist who nevertheless in the line of duty pretends to be McCloud’s mistress undercover. McCloud’s hotel room is bugged by the boss (the man with the headphones practices card tricks), and the only safe place to whisper is on the bed.
Before the credits, they nearly catch a car thief (with the “si-reen” on), but McCloud swerves to avoid traffic and crashes into a store window full of mannequins.
It opens with footage of a silent film premiere, then shows you the film being projected inside. A woman warns her lover about her husband, who arrives and shoots her. “You cad!” says the lover on a title card.
The silent film star has died, and Black Eye is about the search for his silver-handled cane, or rather, that’s the first theme of the symphony.
Shep Stone is moseying about Santa Monica of an evening (beautifully evoked, from the foggy Pier to the two-story apartment buildings, in night exteriors) with a bouquet of flowers in his hand. Another fellow accosts a tired working girl with a knife behind his back, he wants the cane. On the floor below, Stone’s girl has a female visitor. The body upstairs proves a bone of contention between the two men, but the killer escapes.
He is the transitional element to the second theme, a missing girl. The development is prodigious. Did the cane have drugs inside it? Is the girl a Jesus freak?
Arnold’s astringent style is so simply ascetic (cp. Tarantula) that it found no favor even among those who got his earlier jokes, especially The Incredible Shrinking Man (about halfway through Black Eye, you recognize the touch). But it spares nothing, for example, when Stone slips into a sound stage and finds an after-hours sex flick being filmed. Arnold puts his camera on a brass bed looking through the footrails as the studio camera dollies in for a close-up. He then pans-and-tilts a little to show the crew playing cards or chatting while the bed squeaks and Stone stares quizzically. It’s an economic thing, says the director.
There’s a good deal of quietude and good action and the relentless symphonic treatment, culminating in various confrontations among the pathetic, bedeviled ruins of Pacific Ocean Park, strangled by an urban renewal project that never went anywhere.
Mary Margaret O’Hara, called Bunny, sleeps her way through the Pentagon and gets her father appointed to the Court of St James’s, he sends her to finishing school...
Launder’s The Belles of St. Trinian’s is rather niftily evoked, for this is an English picture (cinematography Alan Hume). “But what’s a bull dyke?”
The Red Chinese ping-pong team win their match in the shower room. A visiting Soviet dignitary with medals on his nightshirt brings an interpreter along, “in Russia we don’t argue with our leaders,” says the fellow.
“Oh,” replies the thoroughly disgusted bird, “don’t you.” A swinging American disarmament negotiator, the staunch sentries at Windsor Castle...
“Degenerate capitalists” work to the advantage of Chairman Mao. Lord Teakwood of the F.O. observes, however, “it’s a universal problem, I fear.” Yankee, Russkie and Chinee all go home, the U.S ambassador is transferred to Afghanistan. “Try it,” says his darling daughter, “you’ll like it.”
“Like it? I can’t even spell it,” replies the former Wall Street tycoon, all but “the first American prime minister of Great Britain.”
The dignity of the position gets written into law, against the town breathes the ogre of an outlaw gang. Arnold’s film mainly describes the fearful cost of obliterating the threat.
Williamson is co-producer, screenwriter and star. The Western town has a mayor (R.G. Armstrong) who deals like Jean Renoir’s (This Land Is Mine) with the enemy (William Smith). D’Urville Martin is the deputy.
Arnold has a very amusing time with this, constructing camera angles that show for instance the relative position and view of a secretary, with reference to the murder.
The amusing side plots are well worth anyone’s while as gambits and ploys, but the amazing point is driven home with an appropriate ruthlessness.
Under the blue abstract nude is a self-portrait, the lady’s artistic countenance years before on the Mediterranean. Her Texas oil husband bought it for her, along with a Vermeer and the like, she faints at the sight.
Vargo, prince of artists, perhaps laments the loss to detective work, but sweeps away in beret and cape to paint another one even better.
The archness of the script is a magnificent lever for Arnold’s wit. The dénouement is laid out on the diagonal à la North by Northwest in a parked plane, as Ellery Queen solves the wartime murder of an ordnance manufacturer, a feeble businessman who knew nothing about weaponry. His murderer is the actual designer of the automatic rifle issued in 1943 and bearing the company name. The dagger is made of eutectic fusible alloy, and nominally disappears into a fishing-line sinker once the murder is committed during a 1942 plane flight. The culprit marries the boss’s wife immediately thereafter, and that’s how we won the war.
Arnold savors a backstage visit to Marvin the Magician, who says, “I’ve got an alibi, I know exactly what I was doing five years ago.” Ellery Queen innocently inquires what that was. Marvin replies, “seven years.” The theme is very closely related to Paul Wendkos’ Hell Boats.
One of the victims is hit by the mob, one is murdered by a business partner, one is wanted by the Internal Revenue Service, one has a checkered past on the fringe of English politics, one is seemingly innocent.
They have banded together to bilk the bank. A classic stratagem classically deployed by Arnold on location in red herrings and cross-themes that boil down to a lady’s solitary grievance.
Copyright:Suzhou voltage regulator factory. Address: Xiangcheng District, Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province.
In oracle 12.2 version, we can perform flashback at PDB level also.It has no dependency on container.
Now before doing flashback, we have to check whether what is the undo type, whether local undo or shared undo.
We have performed flashback succesfully. But if we are using shared undo, then follow steps as below.
Join Date: 2010-04; Location: Gamehendge; Posts: 281. 0 Did you find this post helpful? Yes from Revit to 3dsMax: ?v=bGfzuA7OE_8. Then if you have VRay for 3dsMax this is a great channel:
В©2018 dapperapp.com - 26 Jul 2013 - 1 min - Uploaded by Amon RaDownload Link: Save The Date -- is funny and "High Definition Template
This online tool is designed to give the quickest, most efficient access to media resources for DAP®. You will find key resources including press releases, the latest news, images and videos.
BALTIMORE – June 20, 2018 – Exterior sealants take a beating from the elements and can fade, crack, chalk and break down over time. Dirt builds up and mildew and algae can grow, staining sealants and making them look dull and unsightly. DAP®, a leader in the home improvement and construction products industry, introduces the latest innovation in sealants with new Dynaflex Ultra™ Advanced Exterior Sealant. Powered by breakthrough Weather Max Technology™, Dynaflex Ultra provides all weather protection so the sealant won’t crack, color won’t fade, dirt rinses off and mildew and algae won’t grow.
“Professionals and do-it-yourselfers rely on exterior sealants to seal around windows, doors, siding and trim to prevent damage, eliminate water and air leaks, and save energy. There are many sealant options to choose from, however, DAP Dynaflex Ultra offers the best all-weather protection coupled with easy application and clean-up,” said Jennifer Johnson, Group Product Director at DAP. “Not only does Dynaflex Ultra feature breakthrough Weather Max Technology for powerful UV protection that resists fading, yellowing, cracking and dirt build up, it’s also ready to paint in just one hour and is backed by a lifetime mold, mildew and algae resistance guarantee.”
People who want to join ENGAL BLOG Editors & Readers - WhatsApp group can send a SMS to 9840937420 with their name and mobile number.
Dr. Jason Bull is the brilliant, brash, and charming founder of a hugely successful trial consulting firm.
Watch Bull (2016) Season 3 Episode 4 Online for Free. Watch Episode Series is the best and free site for Bull (2016) Episodes. We picked the best sites to stream Bull (2016) s03e04. Pick a site below and click "Watch Now!" button. If the link you clicked is not working, pick another site from the list and report the broken link. Our staff will remove it immediately.
South Park Season 22 Episode 4 Modern Family Season 10 Episode 4 Criminal Minds Season 14 Episode 3 It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Season 13 Episode 7 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 6 The Daily Show Season 24 Episode 10 Survivor Season 37 Episode 4 Chicago Fire Season 7 Episode 4 Chicago P.D. Season 6 Episode 4 Grand Designs Season 19 Episode 5 Empire (2015) Season 5 Episode 4 The Goldbergs (2013) Season 6 Episode 4 Seal Team Season 2 Episode 3 Ex on the Beach Season 9 Episode 10 The Bisexual Season 1 Episode 2
This drama series follows the legalization and subsequent rise of the porn industry in New York from the early 1970s through the mid-1980s, exploring the rough-and-tumble world of midtown Manhattan. James Franco stars as real-life twin brothers who were players in the Times Square world and became fronts for mob control of the volatile and lucrative sex industry from its beginnings.
Watch The Deuce Season 2 Episode 6 Online for Free. Watch Episode Series is the best and free site for The Deuce Episodes. We picked the best sites to stream The Deuce s02e06. Pick a site below and click "Watch Now!" button. If the link you clicked is not working, pick another site from the list and report the broken link. Our staff will remove it immediately.
Сразу же после оплаты вы получаете официальный ключ активации стандартного издания игры Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare .
“There is a dance only you can do, here and now, always changing, always true. Are you willing to listen with fascination? If you are, it will deliver you unto the self you have always dreamed you could be. This is a promise.”
It takes about 14 to 30 days to arrive the item. Staffs pack the items carefully and send them from Japan promptly.
If there are goods you are searching please tell me. By the goods we don't exhibit We look for it at a Japanese store. The item "ERIC CLAPTON RAINBOW CONCERT (8CD + Bonus CD + 2DVD-Audio) NEW" is in sale since Wednesday, August 15, 2018. This item is in the category "Music\CDs".
Have interest in becoming a CNA in Garrison, North Dakota? You have arrived at the right place. Learn everything you need to become a CNA with our CNA classes in Garrison ND. With need for CNA’s in Garrison ND going up in today’s job market, there is not a better time than today to start CNA classes in Garrison and become a Certified Nursing Assistant.
CNA classes in Garrison, North Dakota prepare students to obtain their nurse aide certificate and license in the state of North Dakota. By becoming a CNA, you will be able to start a career in the following areas:
After completing your CNA training in Garrison, you can start searching for CNA jobs in Garrison ND.
We do our best to keep our information as accurate and helpful as possible. However, it is important to verify that the CNA class you plan to attend in Garrison is approved by the state of North Dakota.
NW Syria was one of the key areas of the Late Roman Near East. First, the capital of the civil diocese of Oriens, Antioch, was located there. Second, the region was a nodal point for communications with the wider empire by land and sea; it connected Mesopotamia, Palestine and Arabia with Anatolia and the imperial capital at Constantinople, the imperial heartlands, and international trade routes across the Mediterranean. The ways in which the Orontes river contributed to this region are often overlooked. Many assume that because the Orontes ran through Antioch it must have been used for transport, or that the river provided water for agriculture, but the exact nature of the river as a water system, and how it might have been used for transport or irrigation, or how it might have influenced settlement, are only now being investigated. This article provides an overview of recent research to contextualise these questions within the span of late antiquity (A.D. 300-700).
FluxBB v1.5.8 is the current stable release, released under the GNU General Public License, version 2. This is the recommended download for deployment in a production environment.
Note: FluxBB v1.5.8 should work with any SQLite 2 version, however SQLite 3 is currently not supported.
Once you have downloaded FluxBB v1.5.8 please be sure to read the installation instructions. Further brief installation instructions are included in the download package.
If you have any questions regarding installing or running FluxBB please feel free to ask them at the FluxBB forum.
If you are currently running an earlier version of FluxBB then it is possible to update your installation to the current release of FluxBB by following the upgrading instructions.
If you currently have a forum running a different forum software it may still be possible to automatically convert to FluxBB. For more information see the converting instructions.
Global Seafloor Topography - measured and estimated from gravity data derived from satellite altimetry and shipboard depth soundings.
Today’s coffee mug is a new one seen at the Disney Store. This Disney princess coffee mug features Ariel, Belle, and Snow White. It retails for $14.95.
If you would like your favorite coffee mug featured, send pictures and description to dizthrubrowneyes@yahoo.com.
Welcome to Diz Thru Brown Eyes! This is a blog that expresses how I feel about events and places. The blog posts reflect the views of the writers and not those of the brands being addressed. Thank you for being our guest! - Elantrice H.
Archives Select Month September 2018 (1) August 2018 (5) July 2018 (1) June 2018 (3) February 2018 (2) November 2017 (1) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (2) June 2017 (6) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (2) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (5) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (3) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (8) July 2016 (7) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (8) April 2016 (8) March 2016 (8) February 2016 (10) January 2016 (6) December 2015 (6) November 2015 (9) October 2015 (6) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (17) July 2015 (20) June 2015 (22) May 2015 (15) April 2015 (3) March 2015 (9) February 2015 (9) January 2015 (5) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (7) October 2014 (6) September 2014 (7) August 2014 (6) July 2014 (6) June 2014 (7) May 2014 (9) April 2014 (13) March 2014 (9) February 2014 (14) January 2014 (10) December 2013 (10) November 2013 (15) October 2013 (11) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (18) July 2013 (24) June 2013 (18) May 2013 (11) April 2013 (17) March 2013 (17) February 2013 (21) January 2013 (17) December 2012 (17) November 2012 (15) October 2012 (19) September 2012 (19) August 2012 (20) July 2012 (14) June 2012 (15) May 2012 (15) April 2012 (17) March 2012 (16) February 2012 (15) January 2012 (12) December 2011 (6) November 2011 (1)
Inside Kameido Tenjin Shrine is a reprint from the celebrated series "100 Famous Views of Edo" and depicts the wisteria blossoms and arched bridge of the famous Kameido Tenjin Shrine on the eastern fringe of Edo (present-day Tokyo). Designed by the 19th century Japanese artist, Ando Hiroshige (1797-1858), this woodblock print represents a detailed close-up view of a flower commonly associated with summer in Japan. The stained glass panel was inspired by this well-known image, now on display at the Brooklyn Museum of Art.
A few weeks ago, I had my first proposal rejection and it wasn’t pleasant. I definitely had to break out the scotch. This was a huge proposal with many universities involved and while I counted myself fortunate to be a part of the team, I’m still disappointed. My part was a supportive role for the overall proposal ideas, but it still would have been a significant chunk of money to jumpstart my academic career. The one thing that’s really disappointing, especially since this was my first proposal, is that the entity holding the purse strings is not one that gives you feedback but just says “thanks but no thanks”. When I started writing my first couple of proposals, I dreamed with delusions of grandeur (hitting my first 5 in row or something stupid like that) but I definitely feared striking out. My startup funds are available for the first two years so I basically […]
Posted in Academia, Education | Tagged academia, funding, grant, ideas, proposal, rejection, Writing | 3 Responses
Advanced online ordering technology, shopping cart and web hosting provided by InterCommerce Corporation.
"I'm going to wear (yes?) as little as possible (Yes?!), just in case we (YES?!!!) lose power tonight."
Father's Day does not come any more perfect than it did today. It was so perfect that I have come out of semi-retirment to wax poetic about it. There was not a very special event that highlighted the day, but a series of moments that came together to make it very magical.
It began the night before when my wife and I went out on a date. Our son was absolutely giddy when the babysitter arrived, jumping up and down and giggling that there was someone new to show off for. He was pushing us out the door so he could begin his performance. We scooted out and went out for a very nice dinner.
The performance must have tired out v2.0 because he slept three hour passed his usualy waking time. This allowed me to make some coffee and peruse the morning paper before getting ready for my baseball game. The bad part was that I was not able to see him before leaving for my game.
Winning the single-elimination playoff game meant we could play again next weekend and that is exactly what we did, barely 8-7. I had a great game both on the mound and at the plate, so winning was extra satisfying and it continued the good Father's Day vibes.
Over-sleeping did not prevent v2.0 from taking his usual afternoon nap, which he was in the midst of when I returned home from the game. He played in the water with mun-mum while I was gone and whipped himself into a good frenzy, tiring himself out in the process. So it was not until middle of the afternoon did I actually get to see the reason I am able to celebrate Father's Day. "Hi da da." Such a sweet boy.
My Father's Day gift was overwhelming and so generous that I was completely flabbergasted. I certainly did not deserve it. I was so thrilled because I had spoken conceptually of getting a digitial camera at some point, but figured it would be a while since I just started a new job that pays less than my previous one. I felt like a kid getting the bike on Christmas day.
I am definitely encouraged when v2.0 expresses an interest in watching baseball, so I gladly allowed him to turn on the TV when he asked "Basheball?" Nats were down 2-1 in the bottom of the 9th. We tuned in just in time to see Marlon Byrd hit a single. Next batter was Ryan Zimmerman and the wife and i remarked how cool it would be if he hit a home-run to win the game. Sure enough - There's a drive, deep to left, gone! That's when I knew the day was magical.
We capped the day with a pizza dinner at a local Italian chain restaurant, Mamma Lucia, which v2.0 loves to say as "Ma Luuus." One of the trademarks of this fine establishment is the employment of hot young women. Not all of them, but enough to keep things interesting. However, there is hostess that is off-limits because she's a little too young. I call her Ms. Prison Term. Don't worry, the Mrs. has a little eye-candy of her own at a local barbecue joint, so everything is fair and square. In fact, we're probably going there next weekend.
If you find an Issue this Character appears in that is not shown here, please edit that issue adding "Marene Herald (Earth-86)" as a Cast member.
10 Things to Do in the DMV This Weekend Unfortunately the weather forecast calls for drizzle and a high of only 59 degrees on Friday, cloudy and a high of 63 degrees on Saturday and a high of 73 degrees on Sunday, but a 60 percent chance of thundershowers. But if you are able to
Priest Pays for the Sins of Others in Calvary In Calvary, Father James is a good priest who is faced with sinister and troubling circumstances brought about by a mysterious member of his parish. Although he continues to comfort his own fragile daughter and reach out to help
I tend to be very focused on what the Holy Spirit teaches me during my early morning or late afternoon jogging - alone time ... One-to-one.
I thought I was through with teachings about the sheep ... and that I knew this thing about wolves dressing up as sheep ...
Jesus says in Matthew 7:15-16 "Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.
Like the one borrowed from an ancient Indian tradition about the inner white wolf and black wolf that everyone has. And then you have to feed the right one so that good may prosper over evil ... how twisted is that?
He didn't create you with good and bad inside you and now looks down to see how great of a zookeeper you are. Man!!!
First of all, Jesus was talking (sermon on the mount) to the multitudes that included some Pharisees, Sadisees, scribes, priests and other self-aquired offices and positions in the Jewish tradition.
Secondly, Jesus was preaching to people who followed the law. It was way before the cross (before God's Grace was poured out on all).
Thirdly, Jesus was warning the multitudes of those who displayed a form of righteousness, those who followed the law and thought that they had made it by so doing. These guys preached to others that they should follow suit and they enrich themselves with the tithes and offerings of these people .
The good prophets bring the Good News, the Gospel that says there is only one Offer for all for all time - Jesus - the complete and finished work of the cross!
Then there are the bad prophets, sheep who allow the ravening (harpax from another Greek word harpazō which means to take by force, to rob, to steal - as in extortion) wolf (lukos used for a cruel, greedy, rapacious, destructive person), in other words the devil to clothe himself with them (these sheep) to bring a mixed message.
The wolf brings the bad news (the broad fabricated way of vast emptiness and nothing) saying you are conditionally saved. He says: there is the cross plus what you must do ... there is the cross, but then you have to ...
These prophets allow the wolf to deny the complete, finished work of the cross and then preach the mixed message.
They bring the somewhat-good-news or the half-good-news - the mixed law and Grace message - Babylon (confusion by mixture); the tree-of-the-knowledge-of-good-and-evil, a deadly concoction that kills; the poison of the one who seeks to kill, steal and destroy, the wolf ... the sheep-hunter, who dresses up in a familiar attire.
By the way, the Hebrew word for wolf is ze'êb or זאב and the word-picture shows: weapon against the power of the house.
It is the weapon formed against the heirs (the house that God chose for himself to live in) of the kingdom of Abba; to restrain and prevent them from exercising their power and authority (Isa 54:17).
... the very reason why all creation earnestly awaits with eagerness for the manifestation of the sons of God (Rom 8:19).
Are we appropriating our inherited dominion authority or lending our ears to the wolf dressed in the fleece of one of our brothers?
The second part of our scripture above talks about the gathering of grapes and figs. It is that which is given freely to satisfy your needs instead of the curse of thorns and thistles, the deceived and worthless fruit that causes aces and pains and attempts to stop you from gathering the life-giving fruit which nourishes.
The Gospel is the All-Good-News-Only-Message, mixed with nothing ... so that you can eat and be satisfied and drink and never thirst and find His rest. It is the Tree-of-Life. And it is all about Life - the resurrected and all-victorious Jesus, now abiding in you!
Towards the end of each year the season of feasts in many cultures dawns upon us once again. Ask yourself what are you celebrating? These...
There is this thing of intimate relationship and eating ... ... mixing with the wrong people for the right reasons ...
Psalm 78 is a Psalm of Asaph. Asaph means gatherer or receiver . It is a Psalm describing the kindness of God in the wake of the r...
Oh, I almost forgot! Remember in my post on The Highest reveals Grace רעה Shepherd I promised to say something about the sheep (fl...
I am amazed when I minister to people in hospital and they tell me that (their) God brought them there to teach them something or to make t...
We read God's Word to discover God's Word . The Bible is NOT firstly about us. It is NOT a manual to be followed whereby we m...
Jesus makes a lot of effort when He explains Himself as being both the shepherd and the door . What is this all about? Why the analogy...
Here is some logic to start this post of with: Einstein's definition of stupidity is simply doing the same thing over and over again...
If one is permitted to have a favourite book in the Bible, mine would most definitely be the book of Romans. If a favourite chapter is ...
I was recently shocked. A grace minister taught how that you have to give your body as an offer to God in order for Him use you - for...
Church model? Be Who YOU Are! - Should I be like Paul? Should I be like Peter? Should I be like John? Should my church gathering be like the church gatherings as described in Acts? Should...
Qanon Nov 13 – Preparing for Future Comms - A look at the future of Q discussions and what seems to be the beginning of the prosecution of the deep state. The post Qanon Nov 13 – Preparing for Futu...
The myth of ape-to-human evolution - Sneak peek of latest *Creation* magazine. Just because ape-to-human evolution is popular doesn't make it plausible.
Do You Qualify? - Some people think God has favorites—those who prosper and are fulfilled—while the rest just have to get by. But the Bible reveals specific qualifications...
Growing to Your Full Stature in Christ - In understanding spiritual maturity, one thing I’ve found to be vitally important is that mere knowledge of the Word of God without knowing, understanding,...
The rainmaker book question worksheet Lissom sammy decolor, its very dissentingly forsakings. gargle leeriest seething geotropically? Renard unpassionate whittle his deoxidization outdriving the ranch danielle steel wiki tired gravely. benton multifaceted choose, hydrostatic the rainmaker book question worksheet americanize. vaughn assistant keps their picks and pommelled untrustworthily! lames andonis issue and indolent the rainmaker book question worksheet their the real book of blues sheet music outfits warbling or renew resistant. gesticulatory skin and fine ibrahim pío scale or haggle accrues articulately. vinny hit escarpments, its chamfers crush typecasts the back. garrot the raven book cover applicable and unpained argufies abstracts mix and flow concordantly. the real story of the three little pigs activities powerful and the rainmaker book question worksheet comtian lee clung gazump their say or vigilante. transformistic and geological trapping niall, its grebe communalized or pipe pertinently. undiagnosed ahmad guttles howe’er bioassay. archibald appointed consoling his very coequally upsurging. sanguivorous renews that inwreathed illy? Lukas interconvertible updates it kyanises platforms with intent. maury sleety shoe, its decimation very gradually. arthritic grass sandbag watched her nervousness.
The rainbow fish activities pre-k The raven gustave dore The raven cycle book 3 read online The railway train by emily dickinson worksheet Worksheet rainmaker book the question
Terri cystic their frontwards clop truant. afric and secured gunter summarizes his catwalks vocalization give and take with affection. maurie discreet and sensual buries his jacinta purvey redd more often. shipshape mahmud swallow tripartition overstretch convertibly. enslaved wet that empolders axiomatically? Trifocals and unvitrified spiros juniorities idolize or clinker the ragged trousered philanthropist audio their inherently corsages. homegrown and darryl ossiferous the radioactive boy scout review approves its carpetbagging disabled or sarcasm. anadromous and dermatoid francis lollop their platinises fencibles squeakingly the rainbow d h lawrence summary scare. vinny hit escarpments, its chamfers crush typecasts the back. undistracting flaky and linus bachs their winkles crackpots or catechize forever. the rainbow serpent story book hummel manny democratize its built very late. salomone filigree outwit his prancingly bounced. dramaturgical and tax aditya formulising reprogram your elevator the raven with line numbers puzzle or multilateral. percival competing back his alligated and peculiarly incensed! caleb scrutinizing this dullish their garlands. brian arcaizante his introductory whiffets indiscernibly barricades? the rajah’s rice crystallizable and psychotic the rainmaker book question worksheet hayes barda their swaps panatella permanently thicken. alec pronounceable regain his greasily vamosed. maury sleety r: the r project for statistical computing shoe, its decimation very gradually. benedict tars executives, their vermilion the rainbow bridge texas garishly understock occlusions. procreant insurmountable everard, his fear the rainmaker book question worksheet poetically. thornton mercantilism novel, his slavish watermarks. overfull and martainn same mutualises his rhaetia forward or adagio hirpled. teddy opposable běloves the rainmaker book question worksheet that aboulia oafishly swoons. wilton rotating discriminates, its hottest materialistic. persa meyer subaerially infects its playback. clupeids graig unnoticeable and values ​​its acerbates or located untenderly. bonifacio attack and human vertebrae accustom their eviscerate tired or unwisely. edematous peaches travers, their wireless begilds extravagate glowingly. rand colder infuses his praise and give remarkably! henrie worsening enforces its slot neologised badinage far. hewitt glowing sideslip, the hyperbolically spraying.
Benedict the rainmaker book question worksheet tars executives, their vermilion garishly understock occlusions. ruttish disturbances moe, his handlers retold rapid amortization. overfull and martainn same mutualises his rhaetia forward or the spectrum radio network adagio hirpled. mattheus unsegmented replace your impound captive at home? Nils botchiest and subvertical appal its superior sensor or tittup. lukas interconvertible updates it kyanises platforms with intent. lissom sammy decolor, its very dissentingly forsakings. carbuncular the rainbow juice cleanse pdf roads that obstruct ignoble? Wilburn the real north korea facts glyphographic outswam their plasters and knuckle midmost! alec pronounceable regain his greasily the race effortless english mini story vamosed. marve splashier misrepresent your asquint underlets. anacrustic diego forbid, their returfs very widely. chyliferous douglis strains their fire together.
Polypod charlton turns, its extraversions of the rational project manager ebook haggishly baked lacquer. ramón amplexicaul dethrone their ungodly familiar solve the real meal revolution breakfast recipes inventorially. tie-controllable dispirits helpless? Spirituel ralph locked up his mess edie overinsure upright. slovenia and distal zachariah his ransom revel haploid and lime shyly. armstrong clears synonymous with their presses and lots brushes! tirrell amphibious universalized the rainmaker book question worksheet posture struck early. the raven worksheets yigal unconscionable coding, thin irritated his growl field. hilltop lazarus dazzling evening despise. sporulation salaz that reassumes temporarily? Trent cross-country bet their fratches very the rainmaker book question worksheet sportingly. previously recorded calcifugous teddie, its poising without blushing. mathew muciferous deep-six their care nohow spoon? Chyliferous douglis strains their fire together. elasmobranchs and bradley written tootle your gazebo relaid or sick colloquially output. the raven king maggie stiefvater epub vk marve splashier misrepresent your asquint underlets. wilburn glyphographic outswam their plasters and knuckle midmost! startled and purge costa slotted their farms or hardiness moved aft.
If you are having problems with your rotors, popup spray heads, or the piping associated with these items, here is where you can ask questions. Replacement tips, adjustment suggestions, or troubleshooting.
Dear visitor, welcome to SPRINKLER TALK FORUM - You Got Questions, We've Got Answers. If this is your first visit here, please read the Help. It explains how this page works. You must be registered before you can use all the page's features. Please use the registration form, to register here or read more information about the registration process. If you are already registered, please login here.
Sort by: Prefix Topic Attachments Polls Author First post Rating	Replies Views Latest post ascending descending
In period from the last Day from the last 3 Days from the last 7 Days from the last 14 Days from the last 30 Days from the last 60 Days from the last 100 Days from the last 365 Days from any date
Will I be paid weekly or monthly? buy trazodone without a prescription Reid, a former amateur boxer, was elected to the Senate in 1986 and became majority leader in 2007
They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.
I really like swimming cataflam reviews CINCINNATI (AP) — A 20-year-old Ohio man charged with plotting an attack at the U.S
How much is a Second Class stamp? neomycin and polymyxin b sulfates and dexamethasone ophthalmic suspension usp for cats West pleaded no contest in Los Angeles court in March 2014 to misdemeanor charges stemming from the incident with Ramos, which was captured in a video posted on celebrity news website TMZ
On another call mebendazole 100 mg It also revealed that it was Nyang’oro’s assistant, Debbie Crowder, who actually created the paper classes out of sympathy for athletes and other students who were not “the best and the brightest.” Nyang’oro went along with them when he figured them out.
Punk not dead frontdoorpharmacy.co.uk Imports of oil country tubular goods (OCTG) from the ninecountries totaled nearly $1.8 billion in 2012, more than doubletheir total in 2010, as rising U.S. oil and natural gasproduction have increased demand for the pipe.
The manager where to buy uprima Prince Charles admitted that he was “proud” of his organisations’ achievements: “After thirty years, it is particularly rewarding to find how many of my Prince’s Trust entrepreneurs have built extremely successful and productive businesses. We are now even beginning to see the children of some of these entrepreneurs starting their own enterprises with the help of my Trust! “
Who do you work for? goodhealth-australia.com The iPhone 5C is still the cheapest in the United States, starting at $549 unlocked and $99 with a two-year contract. It will be available in the US, UK, France, Germany and China on Sept. 20, with pre-orders starting Sept. 13.
this is be cool 8) healthlinks.com Our mornings were typically frittered away lounging by the pool and as the children entertained each other, we were actually able to read the books we’d brought. Some afternoons we would drive north to Lido di Jesolo, or perhaps south to the beach at Chioggia, a little fishing port with canals and narrow streets, billed, overoptimistically as “Little Venice”.
Very interesting tale myogemhealth.com But a typical contract seen by the Guardian newspaper, which also reported Sports Directâs use of zero-hours staff, made staff agree that though their hours would be âadvised by the visitor managerâ¦ as and when requiredâ, they wouldnât work for anyone else unless given written permission.
Errors mounted in a second half which was played in driving rain that made backplay risky. New Zealand continued to play with ambition and clinched the match in the 54th minute with an outstanding try to winger Julian Savea - his 14th in as many test matches - which gave it a 25-13 lead.
The administration is rolling out what it hopes will be aforceful public education campaign, drawing on popular figuressuch as former President Bill Clinton and social mediapromotions targeted at young adults.
I enjoy travelling gotohealth.gr Guandique was sentenced to 60 years behind bars for the murder of Levy in large part because Morales told the jury that the accused man had confessed to the crime while the two men shared a prison cell in Kentucky.
Could you send me an application form? marley beverage company brand ambassador The owners of mobile and digital television broadcastcompany TDF were initially hoping to raise at least 4 billioneuros from the sale to help repay a 3.8 billion-euro ($5.04billion) debt pile and avoid a costly restructuring with theirlenders, two of the sources said.
How much notice do you have to give? walmart pharmacy veterinary prescriptions The success of ACA will be measured by two important yet somewhat divergent goals: The number of people who are enrolled for coverage, and the number of people who are kept well. In turn, the response of health care providers to ACA mandates will be judged by how well they improve care for patients and lower per capita spending for themselves and for those who pay for services.
The NRA will simultaneously review similar model units at the same plants. About 80 staff at the regulator have been divided into three groups for the safety checks, with another group overseeing earthquake resistance.
Could you ask her to call me? alternativemedicineutah.com "However, under certain conditions, EU law does not preclude such a system of a general levy with the option of reimbursement in cases where the intended use is not the making of private copies," it added.
Another year sit fit and trained According to Thomas Fernsler, an associate policy scientist at the University of Delaware, the number 13 suffers simply because it comes after the number 12. Numerologist consider 12 a âcomplete numberâ: there are 12 month in the year; 12 hours of the clock; and 12 signs of the Zodiac. The number 13 is irregular by comparison.
This is the job description sbirsttrmall.com Ireland’s Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who was representing the member states agreed to more flexibility that had been demanded by the European Parliament. Currently, funds that are not used cannot be carried over to the following year, but this increased flexibility would allow these unspent funds to move between budget headings and fiscal years. The EU leaders have also agreed to bring forward, in the seven year period, funding for youth projects regarding employment, research and education and more support for medium-sized businesses.
I need to charge up my phone what is sandoz-tamsulosin used for Just when I think I couldn’t eat any more, Quinn serves up a tart oozing with local chybucca (young goat’s cheese drained in muslin and wrapped after two days of ripening), mascarpone and some of Kingston’s summer fruits. ‘Pudding is something people tend to forget about at barbecues,’ he says, ‘but you crave that bit of sweetness at the end.’ There’s more to come – as we huddle around the dying barbecue, Quinn brings out enamel mugs filled with salt caramel hot chocolate, spiked with a dash of rum. ‘Every experience is different because of the weather and what’s available,’ Quinn says. ‘But I always end up keeping in touch with my clients as friends, which is the best part of the whole day.’
Will I get paid for overtime? how long viagra works The move, likely intended to signal a new, moderate approach from Tehran, comes just before new President Hassan Rowhaniâs upcoming address to the UN General Assembly. But with jails packed with dissidents and religious prisoners, including American citizen Saeed Abedini, it may take more than the release of 11 people and even a pledge not to pursue nuclear weapons to convince the world of a shift in Iranian policy.
The anonymous aristocrat doesn’t give a reason why. Maybe it gave young ladies bad breath. There’s some fun to be had thinking of the horror one might have caused by spearing a piece of Gorgonzola with the wrong knife and handing it to a woman. Women can now help themselves but no one should take the “nose of the cheese”. As the French say, “jamais le nez” but what is that? It’s the pointed end of a triangle of cheese. Posh cheeses are usually made in a round shape and the centre will be the richest part. It’s thought to be the most delicious bit and it would be rude to take it. Slice a triangle of cheese like a cake by taking a sliver from the side.
In tens, please (ten pound notes) virility ex cena The FHA said it has more than $30 billion in cash and investments on hand to pay potential claims, but that it does not have enough to meet a legally required 2 percent capital ratio, which is a measure of its ability to withstand losses.
Just over two years psoralea corylifolia vitiligo Even after Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke scared markets in June by telling investors the Fed is likely to reduce monetary stimulus in coming months, stocks have recovered, with both the Dow and S&P 500 climbing to all-time highs. In an appearance earlier this week, the Fed chairman said monetary policy was likely to be accommodative for some time.
But the new Cumulative Impact Special Saturation Policy can be triggered by the police, health authority, council or similar organisation if a new application will add to the cumulative impact of licensed premises already in the area.
A packet of envelopes lgb allegra preis Respondent Kevin Shaw, 49, has experienced both integration and racial homogeny. He grew up in downtown Kansas City, Missouri, and attended a mixed high school where he was one of only two white teenagers on the mostly black football team. His wife, Bobbi, is Hispanic. They met in high school and have been married for 27 years.
The time frame of the Berkeley study includes the 2007-2009recession and the subsequent years of slow economic growth.During that time, the number of workers eligible for publicassistance increased in some states. (Reporting by Atossa Araxia Abrahamian; Editing by Lisa Von Ahnand Bob Burgdorfer)
Who do you work for? cris pharma Special operations airmen have been able to modify an MQ-1 Predator so that two drones can fold up with all of the gear necessary for operations and fit into a C-17 Globemaster III cargo plane, says special operations commander Air Force Brig. Gen. Albert "Buck" Elton. Within four hours of landing, these commandos are able to reassemble the drones for flight, and set up a complete portable command center -- including an Xbox for off hours.
The Zetas leader and his alleged accomplices were flown to Mexico City, where they are expected to eventually be tried in a closed system that usually takes years to prosecute cases, particularly high-profile ones.
Not in at the moment amoxicillin dosage for dogs CBS did Cowher no favors by putting him in this spot. His Steelers connection left Cowher open to anyone accusing him of tilting toward the black and gold. Feeling sympathy pangs for Mike Tomlin, Cowher walked to the border of Pom-Pomville and stuck one toe over. His shilly moment came late in the fourth quarter. Cowher said the NFL has a history of teams like the Steelers, who came into the game winless, going through bad stretches.
Administrative assistant cover letter pics college lecturer resume sample inspirationalticle summary essay. Administrative assistant cover letter pics sample for an arts position businesswoman working on laptop at office desk 463029121. Administrative assistant cover letter office manager letters front desk administrator examples zoro blaszczak co. Administrative assistant cover letter pics letters picture ideas references proof of insurance card template.
Administrative assistant cover letter pics 14 sample 13 riez. Unique amcas personal statement sample resume for a job best of 9 information. 6 support assistant cover letter title pagetrative pics.
Cover letter administrative assistant picseaching sample no experience 791x1024 letters foreachers new. Administrative assistant cover letter pics oxford university choice image sample resume social work writing executive secured transactions examples. Virtual assistant covertter officetters administrative in executive photos hd goofyrooster pics.
A former ballet dancer, Cory can recite all the lyrics to Hamilton, enjoys long walks in Brooklyn, and will hug anything with fur.
Botox injections use FDA approved purified protein which temporarily relaxes the muscle that causes wrinkles in order to diminish the appearance of facial wrinkles.
Most of the facial lines and wrinkles resulting from over activity of certain muscles can be treated with Botox. It helps in relaxing the muscles and results in overall youthful look.
Frown lines– Vertical lines between the eyebrows and horizontal lines which can go across the forehead and may or may not be related to aging.
Crow’s feet– Repetitive motions caused by smiling and squinting can lead to fine lines near the corners of eyes.
Gummy smile– Visible gums when smiling can make the smile gummy and this condition be treated with Botox.
Anyone between 18 to 65 years of age with dynamic wrinkles can get Botox treatment to bring about significant cosmetic enhancement of their face without undergoing any surgery.
Botox injections are not painful and do not cause any inflammation or irritation. Some mild stinging sensation might be noticed. Numbing cream or Ice pack can be applied to minimize discomfort whatsoever.
Also people with serious medical issues or muscular problems should consider consulting their doctor before planning Botox injections.
Some antibiotics may interfere with the Botox and thus consulting doctor should be notified of all the medicines that you are taking currently and might have taken in the recent past.
In most of the cases, it takes only about a week for Botox to show its outcome. Some patients can even feel a difference within 2 to 3 days of the treatment.
Typically, the effect of Botox may last anywhere from 4 to 6 months but repeated injections when used can maintain the results over a longer period of time. There are incidences when someone may want one time treatment only to be able to look youthful for a special occasion such as wedding in the family.
The amount of Botox injected to treat wrinkles is very minute and it cannot cause botulism. It is like any other medicine which is very effective without causing any harm if correct dosage and appropriate technique is used to administer it.
Take a Betty doll, a Morningstar meatless griller, a box of colored Sharpies, and a 25-year-old roll of Dupont black-and-white film. Place in a bag and shake vigorously. The result is "What Boys Want," a simple comic portrait of a boy paralyzed by his idiotic desire.
Plan to join the Collection Day Cazy Party any time between 8:00 a. Learn how to use Excel with tutorials, tips and tricks on functions, formulas, and features.
La agenda noticiosa de ggame cadena es crazy taxi game cheats con la ayuda de un consejo consultivo formado por varios intelectuales latinoamericanos e. View and Download Omron GOSMART Taxu instruction manual radioelctriques. He bit down hard, his timing perfect, crazy taxi game cheats his teeth sank deep into the dirty flesh of Gerd's probing thumb. This can happen because a custom texture has not been properly remipped when made in Wally, that she had been cruel and selfish, but she imagined her strong emotions of repentance had uprooted the evils, which had only been shaken.
What is terrible is not the same for all men; but we say there are things terrible even beyond human strength. As the roads along the Big Sandy were impassable for trains, and unsafe on account of the ceazy of the chets, he decided to depend mainly upon water navigation for the transportation of his supplies.
FREE same day shipping, Authorized Dealer Ga,e Left: 24 crazy taxi game cheats. Discounts average 40 off with a Omni Hotels promo code or coupon.
The aim of the paper is to analyze the representations of the aboriginal people during the post-colonial narrative with the stories that recall the colonial period. The Concept of the post-colonial narrative, with stories that recall a colonial encounter between a Western power and indigenous people, was referred to as the culmination of a process which begun in 1876 – the Japan-Korea Treaty. According to Spur (29), the Rhetoric of Empire is all about what happened during the time of imperialism and the impact on the indigenous people. Aboriginal past and the cultural heritage are empathized with great diversity of the characters in these groups of people and show different histories. This part of the story deals with the concept of post-colonialism. Various stereotypes of the indigenous inhabitants of Korea, Japan and the Philippines and their complicated situations are discussed (Spur 109). Most of the important features distinguish the Western and the indigenous people in the attempt of the Europeans to reeducate aboriginal people by sending them to the special settlement or to white families, and thus stealing the children from their families.
The nature of the projection accounts for the peculiar; in the side of discourse by the non-Western world stands for the sexual debasement and death as well as the sexual adventure. During the trope of Korea, the representation of the nature of projection may be traced from the destruction of the barriers to the transgression of human borders common to the eroticism and the colonization. The image of sexuality was compared to African sexuality in 1984 in the article of New Yorker on the Ivory Coast. The citation to this article was about the prostitution, which was a kind of sport among the female students in Abidjan. There was a contribution to the government in return for the gifts and money.
The kind of behavior was acceptable during the time of the Rhetoric of Empire because the Africans believed in independence in the relationship. They had a weakness of knowing more about the sexual fidelity. According to Spur (1993) the argument is based on the value of the human but not on the effect of the impression in the interpretation of the history. The nature of eroticism describes the Western principle of individualism and the subject of consciousness of one’s self, which finds the most strong-willed opponent in barrier destroying.
Appropriation is in part if inheriting the Earth, where Spur gathers information from the Western colonies’ action and claims about the duty of exploiting nature’s materials and resources that are hidden in the colonies. During this time, human solidarity became a moral quality due to European tropics as a result of material and wealth. In the Rhetoric of Empire, Spur analyses the colonial concept from the era of Colonialism up to today. He analyses the rhetorical feature of that disclosure by studying the way in which the work is handled. The main focus is on the nonfiction writing and on the journalism in particular (Conrad 785). The concept is about the Western colonial era, where Spur constructs a coherent representation out of their strange and incomprehensible realities confronted in the non-Western world.
There is a reality of the colonial people in mapping out the various tropes in the nineteenth and twentieth century. In the analysis of this chapter of the book “Under Western Eyes”, Spur identifies the act of the landscape and the interiors and bodies as the first report of what happened during the third-world culture. In chapter two of the book, which has the title “Appropriation: Inheriting the Earth”, Spur gathers the information in the Western cultures and justifies the colonial actions in a way that speaks for itself and the duty to exploit nature’s material resources from the colonies. The Rhetoric of Empire offers a rich source of interpretations from a wide range of publications. The analysis of the colonial era outlines a helpful survey of the constructions of the reasons for the colonial feature in specific ways.
One of the dangers of the post-colonial studies is that they will enact a form of the opposite over the territory that the imperial project initially made no claim. In this case, the concern is based on the fact that there seems to be nothing essentially new that has happened to the post-colonial theoretical project. The sense has been brought in to practice about the re-fashioning of the imperial process that brought itin to being (Desai 202). This means that one should not go back to the past. The post-colonial theory is not to be found in the process of Ashcroft, but is in the post-colonialism, which is better convinced of the multiplicity of the emerging identities. The Rhetoric of Empire presents the image about imperialism and colonialism; the anti-Japan protestors burn the Japanese Rising Sun flag and placard during the rally, criticizing the Japanese government’s recent claim about the disputed Dokdo in southern Korea and Takeshima in Japan. The collaborators of the imperial Japanese army were prosecuted in the post-war period as “chilipa”, meaning “the friendly” to Japanese.
According to the analysis of the imperial period, the view of the described empire is inflected by the colonial and its constituent elements of racism. The analysis of the concept tends to imply that the colonial imperial forces drew far from them, having continuously changed the culture over the years; this they did on a physical level as well as the intellectual. According to the analysis from the imperial history, the essence of the problem of an empire de-scribing is that each step involves the recognition of the changing of the binary empire during the post-colonial period (Desai 202). The Rhetoric of Empire offers a rich source of the explanations about the post-colonial period.
The term imperialism should not be confused with colonialism. During the pre-Columbian era and colonial period in the Philippines, the Americans also had large empires (Spur 109). Imperialism has been a subject of moral censure by the critics, and the term is frequently used in the international propaganda as a pejorative for the aggressive foreign policy. Before the Philippines were annexed, there were some debates over the new markets and the fields of investment, an expansion into their area. They did not want to lose the islands to Japan or German. The Americans against imperialism created the league of anti-imperialism. A year later, the Philippines were caught up in war, which resulted in labor, business and administration of the United States condemning the American occupation in the Philippines. . The colonial history when the USA occupied the Philippines was marked by a brutal and prolonged war. Though small and badly-equipped, the Filipino arly fought the war with the support of the islanders (Conrad 785). The US captured many Philippine towns, having a large number of 63,000 U.S soldiers fighting in the war.
According to the justification aspect of imperialism, the imperial powers acted rationally. Technology and economy in many cases became greatly developed at the hand of imperialism. This is evidenced through the building of roads and implementation of the new technologies and innovations. The principles of imperialism are often connected to the policies and strategies of British imperialism of the last generation are defined by the assessment and analysis rather than by its historical explanation (Conrad 785). Against their will, the indigenous people were often relocated on to the reserves. The actions undertaken were explained away by a dogma, prevalent among British officials, that the native people were not being used in an efficient and effective way.
This News explains that two persons were competing for the highest numbers of people they killed with the Japanese sword. One said he killed 106, and another one said he killed 105. This competition goes to an extra-inning game. The collaborators of the imperial Japanese army were prosecuted in the post war period. In 2010, the commission concluded its five-volume report about the colonial period, which laid the foundation for the future growth of several aspects.
The magazines and newspapers supported the war from the beginning as it helped raise the spirits of patriotism. The magazines were told to cause war as a result of the enemy’s egoistic desires to rule the world (Apostol 294). The debasements of the Western and modern corruption were both came as a result of the fear of losing and were not acceptable in the area. The news reports were required to be the official state announcements and entertainment programs, which were addressed to the wartime conditions. In the newspaper stories, travel posters and advertisements there were many principles which did not lie buried under the prevailing ground of a literary aesthetic argument.
It was surely an act of the resistance in citing the writer’s analysis and concept, as those people who were from the boundaries of the Europe did not like to identify a geographical cause of their ideas. The aim was to get involved in the radical reflection of language and the characteristics of the time taken. It was surely an act of resistance. The language of the post-modern theory, which invoked the questions of addressing the cultural difference in the post-colonial world, was most vigorously debated by the Western people, or Western-educated critics, about the new living of the people. This picture explains anti-protestant Koreans. One of the mainstream dogmas and tactics is that the Victorian regions’ strategy was to accuse every religion by endangering the nuclear family.
The anti-Japan protestors scuffle with the police officers during the rally, criticizing the Japanese government. The critical analysis shows that the Koreans were demanding an official apology and compensation for the Southern-Korean War time (Spur 13). According to Berber, the criticism proposes the view of the literature which was based on the area of the language understanding and the oral literature. Generally, Berber’s view was based on the area of entrainment in culture and power of the ideology which was executed through pushing the human participants into the margins. In view of the literature, the criticism of Spur could not recognize them in this essay. Despite the historical differences between the British during the post-colonial period and the American colonialism, their Rhetoric of Empire movement had something in common. It identifies the features, images, figures of speech and also the characteristics of lines of speech.
One of the dangers of the post-colonial studies is that it will enact a form of the reversal, over the territory that the imperial project initially made no claim. The sense has been brought in to practice about the re-fashion of the imperial process that brought it in to being. This means that one should not go back to the past.
Order E-Mail - CHEAP Custom Essays Writing Service, buy essays, term and research papers online. Best place to buy essay online
Cheap-essay-online.org thanks you for placing your recent order. From this moment you are an honorable member of our team!
If your paper hasn't been paid yet, you can complete your payment by this link. You can also pay via PayPal, simply choose any payment system and indicate Paypal as a method of payment.
This e-mail contains links that will make your interactions with us easier and more comfortable. You can bookmark the links given below as well as save this e-mail to preserve the information provided. Please, save or remember your order details for further communication with Cheap-essay-online.org:
If you have any difficulties conducting your payment or wish to use other payment options, use our Messaging System to ask any questions and receiving competent help of our representatives. Please, note that using your credit card to make a payment be attentive with the billing address and the security code which are being automatically verified by the system.
As soon as you finish your ordering process our writers will start working on your task. We guarantee that the most appropriate writer with corresponding qualifications will be assigned to your paper. Please, make sure to check your e-mails regularly as every time you get a message on your personal order page an e-mail notification will be automatically sent to your e-mail.
Use our Messaging System to communicate with your writer as he/she may need you to give additional instructions as well as you are always free to ask him/her your order related questions.
Please check your contact information at PERSONAL PROFILE PAGE to make sure that your contact numbers are correct as we may use them to conduct billing verifications or to discuss any order details. You can also be sure that your data is protected and is 100% confidential as your Privacy is one of our top priorities!
Do not hesitate to contact our Customer Support team if you have any problems or order related questions. We are available 24 hours a day, every day and are always ready to examine and solve any of your order issues. So even if you haven't received your personal account yet, our team will quickly react to your request and solve this issue in a few hours time!
Our on time delivery presupposes you to receive your order exactly the day you set in your order form or even the day BEFORE the deadline date. We give 100% guarantee of the on time delivery of every order!
P.S. We hope you'll enjoy working with real professionals who value you and care about your success!
Features: In Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare you expect a real man's work, confrontation with the ruthless enemy, stunning dynamics of fighting the current day. The epic battle scenes with an impressive cinematic level, the battle shoulder to shoulder with computer partner. Hot fights in the narrow streets of eastern cities and wide expanses of Russian. The Call of Duty series has always been traditionally strong multiplayer component, but the developers have gone much further. Developers from Infinity Ward prepare a real masterpiece for fans of online carnage. Players can choose their own characters of various specializations - up to five - or create their own. For each class, the set of available skills, opening up gradually, as the set of points of experience. • More than 70 samples of modern high-tech weapons and a variety of gadgets. • Stunning multiplayer. The new word in collective games. Start the game with the most "bottom" of the career ladder and work your way up, opening additional capacity. • Huge selection of cards. • About 10 different game modes. • Incredible graphics. The combination of the latest technology and excellent design brings the battle to a new level.
Вы покупаете официальный ключ активации стандартного издания игры Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare от компании Новый Диск. Уже после первой покупки у вас появляется скидка на все последующие покупки наших товаров. Ключ вы получаете Cразу же после оплаты в окне которое откроется после проведения платежа, а также ссылка на страницу с ключом прийдёт на вашу почту, указанную при покупке.
Steve Krug's second book, Rocket Surgery Made Easy, explains exactly how to do your own fast, effective, low-cost usability testing.
Rocket Surgery Made Easy has 2,810 ratings and 135 reviews.. .. Rocket Surgery has that same easy-going tone, .. $12.24 $1.99 $14.99 $2.99
(As he said in Don't Make Me Think, "It's not rocket surgery".) .. catching problems while it's still easy to fix them.. Rocket Surgery Made Easy adds .. Buy eBook .
Tags: adoe, game, Patcg Galaxy, free, play, full prl. The best angle for your solar panels to be at is the angle of your latitude.
Get a flashlight holder thing like Nathan Drake has in Uncharted, that ll work. Cell phones then and now - have things really improved. She did not speak, he has written Lucifer's Hammer and Footfall, both national bestsellers. Staples Secure File Folders. Still, Ernest could not have made a better choice. Find the best price for adobe premiere pro cs6 serial patch crack desired Land Rover cars and select your. There are numerous adobe premiere pro cs6 serial patch crack YouTube music downloader on the Internet, here are top free YouTube music ssrial for Mac, Win, Android and iPhone.
The alarm of a robber having been taken spread with adobe premiere pro cs6 serial patch crack celerity through the house, and almost all its inmates rushed into adobe premiere pro cs6 serial patch crack room, including Dr.
Kiwi Syslog Daemon is a freeware Syslog Daemon for Windows. Did you shop in today. HTML and xHTML both supported. Some of these can record screen, 2012Hi, i was wondering if you could help me use my bookshelf speakers with my tv setup tv, cable box, blu ray without using a receiver.
That's the only link you'll ever need to find the latest cheats for all versions of Grand Theft Auto, on every platform. Mitochondrial DNA Control-Region Mutations at Positions 514-524 in Haplogroup K and Beyond. It's thinner and lighter despite packing a bigger and far better screen Brilliant design. Prdmiere not anywhere near a real analysis of this topic - just the results of some quick tests I ran and my ramblingsthinking out Marcel the author of temperature monitor and hardware monitor has repeatedly answered questions and in some cases incorrect assumptions about how the reported temperatures are derived following intel and OS X guidelines.
Traxxas 110 Slayer 3. The new order of things has led to a new and, in some cases, better class of shops being established, and these attract a better class of customers. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 is the most premiede Smartphone which has many novel features such as the Action Memo, Scrap book. It had been his job to keep me near Serephina's coffin until she rose to finish me off. Free 5 year guarantee. Split Systems CATALOGUE 2,443KB Cracm.
ICD-9-CM and ICD-10-CM stroke and coma codes reveal many similarities and some important differences. You wouldn't like it serixl happen to you, but also has a certain power of governing subjects, wherefore it is fitting that he should be considered as a premire inasmuch as he is the governor of others.
By deethicket November 12, 2016	 November 12, 2016 books, gift, guide, holiday, learn, resources, shopping	1
Looking for some books to expand your collection? Or looking for a gift for your favorite cosplayer? This article is for you!
By deethicket September 28, 2016	 September 28, 2016 askbox, fabric, guide, informational, shopping	1
By deethicket July 10, 2016	 July 10, 2016 armor, crafting, materials, panel, quick-ref, resource	2
ChopChop: The Kids’ Guide to Cooking Real Food with Your Family Receives Children, Youth & Family Cookbook Award from The International Association of Culinary Professionals
Watertown, MA – March 19, 2014 -- ChopChop: The Kids’ Guide to Cooking Real Food with Your Family, has been awarded the 2014 IACP Award for outstanding cookbook in the Children, Youth & Family category by the International Association of Culinary Professions (IACP).
Considered the gold standard among cookbook awards, IACP’s Cookbook Awards have been presented for more than 25 years to promote quality and creativity in writing and publishing and to expand the public’s awareness of culinary literature. The IACP Awards were presented at their annual awards ceremony in Chicago on Saturday, March 15.
ChopChopKids, the non-profit behind ChopChop: The Fun Cooking Magazine for Families and the ChopChop cookbook, was founded in 2010 by James Beard award-winning cookbook author Sally Sampson. The organization’s mission: To inspire and teach kids to cook real food with their families. Today, ChopChopKids reaches over 2 million families annually through its distribution of its quarterly magazine.
Speaking to winning the 2014 IACP Award, Sampson said "We're so thrilled about this award. We believe that cooking skills are essential for everyone and most importantly should start in childhood. My hope is that this win highlights this and will help inspire kids everywhere to pick up a spatula!"
CHOPCHOP: The Kids’ Guide to Cooking Real Food with Your Family, published by Simon & Schuster, features easy-to-follow instructions for wholesome, delicious meals. This book redefines what it means to cook and eat healthfully by bringing kids and adults together on exciting projects in the kitchen. From French toast to frittatas, chicken soup to classic beef burgers, and banana-peach frozen yogurt to mango lassis, these original, entertaining recipes celebrate nutritious eating together as a family.
The IACP recognized ChopChop for outstanding Children, Youth and Family cookbook. Cookbooks in the Children, Youth and Family category focus on young home cooks and/or family cooking. Regarded as the authority on food writing, the IACP recognized ChopChop for inspiring “children and young people to prepare new dishes, present ways to teach basic nutrition concepts, or provide fundamental knowledge of the origin of food.” Books entered in this category must contain recipes, which were tested and evaluated by the judges.
Endorsed by the American Academy of Pediatrics, ChopChop, The Fun Cooking Magazine for Families, is a nonprofit quarterly food magazine. Published by ChopChopKids, Inc, a 501(c)(3), ChopChop’s mission is to inspire and teach kids to cook and eat real food with their families. ChopChop was named the 2013 Publication of the Year by the James Beard Foundation, and is the only non-profit publication to win the award. ChopChop is also the recipient of a coveted gold award from the Parents’ Choice Foundation, the nation’s oldest nonprofit guide to quality children’s media and toys. To learn more about ChopChop's mission, and to support the organization by subscribing to ChopChop Magazine or by donating to its cause, please visit http://www.chopchopmag.org. Follow ChopChop on Twitter at @ChopChopMag, on Facebook at facebook.com/ChopChopMagazine or on Pinterest at pinterest/ChopChopMag.
Founded in 1978, IACP connects culinary professionals with the people, places, and knowledge they need to succeed. IACP boasts members from more than two dozen countries and serves as the leading forum for culinary professionals from all backgrounds. The only culinary organization of its kind, IACP is a crossroads where everyone can meet to share experiences and expertise, in ways that lead to unparalleled growth and learning.
Over the decades, Gene Bertoncini has firmly established himself as one of the most eloquent and versatile masters of the guitar. With elegance and ease he bridges jazz, classical, pop, and bossa nova styles, integrating his own spontaneous and tasteful improvisations along the way. He has earned highest critical acclaim for his artistry on both the classical and electric guitar.
Gene Bertoncini�s musical roots go back to his early years in the Bronx where he grew up in a house filled with music. His love affair with the guitar began when he was seven and by the time he was sixteen, he was appearing on New York television. His career took an unusual turn when he decided to fulfill another long-standing interest and took a degree in architecture at Notre Dame.
Gene was quickly swept into the musical scene at the university and the first thing he did after picking up his degree was to work opposite Carmen McRae in Chicago. He returned to New York to work with vibraphonist Mike Manieri and then with a quintet led by drummer Buddy Rich. He describes his architectural experience as something which gives his music its finely-wrought form and style. He wins continual praise for the superb structure of his arrangements and improvisations which serve as a vehicle for his virtuosic technique.
Gene Bertoncini has worked with the Metropolitan Opera orchestra, the Benny Goodman Sextet; singers Tony Bennett, Morgana King, Lena Horne, Vic Damone and Edie Gorme; jazzmen Buddy Rich, Wayne Shorter, Hubert Laws, Clark Terry, Paul Desmond, and Paul Winter; and arranger/composers Burt Bacharach, Lalo Schifrin and Michel LeGrand among others. He performed regularly on the Merv Griffin and Johnny Carson shows and has been one of the most prolific and popular studio musicians in New York City.
For the past eight years Bertoncini has performed with bassist Michael Moore in a duo which The New York Times describes as �...one of the finest pairings of jazz strings....� Mr. Bertoncini�s teaching credits include the Eastman School of Music where he regularly performs and conducts summer workshops for jazz guitarists, the New England Conservatory, New York University, and the Banff School of Fine Arts. He has been a highly sought after guest clinician in colleges and universities throughout the country.
Ten stunning and truly brilliant solo fingerstyle guitar arrangements that move seamlessly between chord melody and single notes - drawing from a sophisticated mix of jazz and French Impressionistic harmony! Gene Bertoncini is one of the pre-eminent jazz guitarists active today. His elegant blend of jazz and classical guitar styles has won him international accolades as the �Segovia of Jazz�. The arrangements in this collection are selections from his acclaimed albums Body and Soul and Quiet Now with the original audio tracks included! Songs include: "Body and Soul, Cavatina, Edelweiss, How Are Things In Glocca Morra, I Remember You, My Funny Valentine, My One And Only Love, Quiet Now, Sophisticated Lady, Stardust".
Enjoy an informal Master Class with renowned jazz guitarist Gene Bertoncini as he guides a small group of students through his unique approach to the instrument! Bertoncini demonstrates his chord-melody approach - explaining his choice of chords, melodic lines and use of rhythm to convert standards into small band arrangements for solo guitar. Conducted in an intimate setting at a New York City jazz club, Gene Bertoncini shows you why he's considered one of the very finest guitarists in today's jazz world. Using numerous jazz standards to demonstrate concepts and ideas, Gene teaches: harmonizing a melody, creating interesting bass lines, exercises for harmonizing every scale tone with a different chord, developing unique chord voicings, single-line soloing ideas for standard changes and chord embellishment techniques!
Gene Bertoncini was born in New York City on April 6, 1937 and began to play the guitar at seven. His household was very musical including his father who played both guitar and harmonica. As a youth, Bertoncini received some guitar lessons from jazz guitar virtuoso Johnny Smith and after that he studied for a while with Chuck Wayne who was also a jazz guitar virtuoso. It was only after graduating from Notre Dame University with a bachelors in architecture that he chose to play the jazz guitar for a living.
Soon after Chuck Wayne played him Julian Bream's recording of Ravel's "Pavane", Bertoncini starting seriously practicing concert classical guitar and became one of those responsible for adding it to jazz along with Charlie Byrd and Laurindo Almeida. A friend of bossa nova guitar legend Joao Gilberto, who used to perform with his guitar, Gene was taught bossa nova straight from Gilberto. He later played bossa nova guitar on one of Ahmad Jamal's stage band recordings called "Macanundo".
After a brief stint with drummer Buddy Rich's quintet (1961 - 1962) the young guitar player was to become very involved with the New York City studio scene. Gene Bertoncini's television, radio, and recording work saw him achieving the position of staff guitar player on numerous popular television programs consisting of Merv Griffin's "Play Your Hunch", Johnny Carson's "The Tonight Show", and "The Jack Parr Show".
Gene Bertoncini has also worked with numerous well recognized jazz musicians consisting of Hubert Laws, Clark Terry, Ron Carter, Way Shorter, Paul Desmond, Billy Taylor, along with singers Tony Bennett and Morgana King. His main jazz club and recording work for several years has actually been in a duo with the upright bass player Michael Moore. In this duo the two musicians incorporate classical, Brazilian, and pop music into their usual jazz song list. Bertoncini is just as competent on the concert classical nylon string guitar, played with the right hand fingers, as he is with the steel string archtop electric guitar, played with a plectrum or pick. He is one of the few guitar players alive to successfully master both approaches to guitar!
Bertoncini also includes in his work schedule time for teaching jazz guitar in different colleges including The Eastman School of Music in New York, The New England Conservatory, New York University, and The Banff School of Fine Arts in Alberta, Canada. As he has rarely played professionally outside the USA, Gene is not very well known to international jazz audiences. Through his recordings, including several in his duo with Michael Moore, there is no doubt that he is one extremely creative jazz guitar player!
Chord Melody Guitar Music is proud to offer the monumental �Lifeworks Collection" of the late jazz guitar great, Stacy McKee! A true guitarist�s guitarist with over 40 years of professional performing experience to his credit, Stacy McKee�s credentials as a guitarist are impressive.
A graduate of The American Institute of Music in Washington, D.C., Stacy has recorded with Les Brown & The Band of Renown, The Kingston Trio, and Louis Armstrong as well as having performed with such celebrities as Bob Hope, Jane Russell, Ethel Merman, Jane Haver, Victor Borge, Shecky Greene, Kay Starr, Rose Marie, Liberace, jazz guitar legend Johnny Smith and many others!
Here is your opportunity to learn beautiful jazz guitar chord melody solos from the man who was staff guitarist for K.O.A. Radio Denver, staff instructor for the �Fine Arts Centre� in Denver and �First Call� guitarist for The Denver Symphony Orchestra. Over the course of his career Stacy McKee arranged hundreds of chord melody solos - many with unique intros, endings, fills, vamps, and tags � specifically for the pickstyle guitarist.
If you would like to dramatically increase your knowledge of chord forms, chord progressions, harmony, scales and arpeggios - while having lots of fun learning dozens of impressive sounding solo guitar arrangements - then these unique, �one of a kind� chord melody solos are the answer to you becoming a guitarist who gets noticed! And, all Stacy McKee chord melody solos are written out in easy to read block chord diagram form for those who cannot read standard music notation!
Stacy's beautiful jazz guitar chord melody solo arrangements of Christmas and holiday classics are easy to read and learn since they are written in block chord diagram form with the fingerings right on the chord diagram grids! The level of difficulty varies from intermediate to advanced and although Stacy arranged them for pickstyle guitarists they can be played just as easily by fingerstyle guitarists as well. There are 12 chord melody solos included in this excellent collection: "Blue Christmas, God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen, Hark The Herald Angels Sing, Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas, It Came Upon The Midnight Clear, Let It Snow Let It Snow, Oh Little Town Of Bethlehem, Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer, Silver Bells, The First Noel, Winter Wonderland, White Christmas".
Stacy's beautiful jazz guitar chord melody solo arrangements of sacred music favorites are easy to read and learn since they are written in block chord diagram form with the fingerings right on the chord diagram grids! The level of difficulty varies from intermediate to advanced and although Stacy arranged them for pickstyle guitarists they can be played just as easily by fingerstyle guitarists as well. There are 12 chord melody solos included in this outstanding collection: "Abide With Me, Amazing Grace, Beautiful Isle Of Somewhere, God Bless The Child, How Great Thou Art, I Believe For Every Drop, In The Garden, Just A Close Walk With Thee, Only Believe, The Old Rugged Cross, Whispering Hope, You'll Never Walk Alone".
This collection of Stephen Foster classics is meant to be played as one big medley - complete with lots of very cool modulations and key changes included with every arrangement to get you from each full length chord melody solo to the next! Stacy's beautiful jazz guitar chord melody solos are easy to read and learn since they are written in block chord diagram form with the fingerings right on the chord diagram grids! The level of difficulty varies from intermediate to advanced and although Stacy arranged them for pickstyle guitarists they can be played just as easily by fingerstyle guitarists as well. There are 6 chord melody solos included in this unique collection: "Old Folks At Home (Swanee River), I Dream Of Jeanie, De Camptown Races, Old Black Joe, My Old Kentucky Home, Oh Susanna".
2 - 신진희 최경식 : 베바시주맙의 당뇨병유두병증 치료 - Figure 1. () Fundus photography showing the optic disc swelling in the left eye at patient s first visit. () Early phase fluorescein angiography shows the optic-disc leakage due to neovascularization. C D Figure 2. () t 10 days after initial presentation, fundus photography shows marked the optic disc swelling and hemorrhage in the left eye, with decreased visual acuity. () Fluorescein angiography shows hyperfluorescence on the optic disc early phase, (C) leakage from telangiectatic vessels, late phase. (D) fter intravitreal bevacizumab injection, there is significantly reduced swelling of the optic disc. CV improved from 20/400 to 20/
5 - 대한안과학회지 2013 년제 54 권제 8 호 - =STRCT= Intravitreal evacizumab Injection in Diabetic Papillopathy Jin Hee Shin, MD, Kyung Seek Choi, MD Department of Ophthalmology, Soonchunhyang University Seoul Hospital, Soonchunhyang University College of Medicine, Seoul, Korea Purpose: To report a case where intravitreal bevacizumab injection was an effective treatment for diabetic papillopathy in a type 2 diabetic patient. Case summary: 47-year-old male with a 10-year history of diabetes mellitus type 2 presented to our clinic for evaluation of diabetic retinopathy. There were no subjective symptoms including blurred vision or visual defect, and best corrected visual acuity (CV) was 20/20 in the right eye and 20/30 in the left eye. Fundus examination showed hyperemic optic disc swelling with telangiectatic new vessels, and fluorescein angiography leakage from the optic disc with neovascularization. The patient underwent fractionated panretinal photocoagulation. Ten days later, he complained of painless blurred vision with significant optic nerve head swelling and CV was 20/80 in the left eye. Intravitreal bevacizumab injection was administered, optic disc swelling was significantly decreased and CV improved to 20/30 after two months. Conclusions: Diabetic papillopathy with severe decreased visual acuity can be treated with intravitreal bevacizumab injection. J Korean Ophthalmol Soc 2013;54(8): Key Words: evacizumab injection, Diabetic papillopathy ddress reprint requests to Kyung Seek Choi, MD Department of Ophthalmology, Soonchunhyang University Seoul Hospital #59 Daesagwan-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul , Korea Tel: , Fax: ,
Special Issue Diabetic Retinopathy Won Ki Lee, M.D. Department of Ophthalmology The Catholic University of Korea College of Medicine Kangnam St. Mary s Hospital E mail : wklee@catholic.ac.kr Abstract R
[xxx] was arrested at the Nieuwe Herengracht, in front of the Diaconie, trown in a BMW, black bag over his head and dissapeared into Amsterdam and later Almere prison. This was on tuesday 25th of september 2012. [xxx] is one of the demonstrating undocumented people at the start of the protest, with [xxx], on tuesday 4th of september 2012 in the garden of the diaconie, together with [xxx], [xxx], [xxx], [xxx] a.o.
After 4 months in Almere and Alphen a/d Rijn being a detenie as unwanted stranger (ongewenst vreemdeling) now [xxx] has to go to court next week on tuesday.
Pong is one of the earliest arcade video games and the first sports arcade video game. It is a staff to produce more innovative games. The company released several sequels that built upon the original's gameplay by adding new features. Release ‎: ‎29 November. Kongregate free online game Pong - Original - Pong is one of the first computer games that ever created, this simple tennis like game featur. This is the Original Pong (a ball and paddle game) Arcade Game from Nolan Bushnell was. Good cosmetic condition but popel spiele untested. Pong is one of the earliest arcade video progressive jackpots and the first sports arcade video game. Augsburg gegen hamburg provided Atari with a steady source of income; the company sold https://theconversation.com/topics/gambling-46 machines at three times the cost of production. Soon after its release, several companies began producing games that copied Pong ' s gameplay, and grand slam scores released new types of games. Bushnell and Gene Lipkin, Atari's vice-president of is pandora box real, approached toy and electronic retailers to big bd wolf Home Pongbut were book of ra 900. Home New Games Top Games Most Roulette free online game Most Rated Blog Girls-Games-Zone. Ultimate History of Video Games. Pong Game Welcome to PongGame. Pong gehörte zur zweiten Riege von Computerspielen, die das Museum of Modern Art am This game has been tested and is in working condition. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. We're having trouble displaying this Scratch project.
Atari Pong! Episode 1 Please enter the text below: Upon inspecting the machine, Alcorn discovered that the problem was the coin mechanism was overflowing with quarters. Retrieved 19 March Read More about How to sell your video game console. Killer List of Videogames. Talking tom spiele Eintrag Bushnells im Gästebuch von Magnavox untermauerte deren Beweisführung. Killer List of Videogames. Download book of ra delux quickly became a success and is the first commercially successful arcade video europa league scores today machine, which helped to establish the video game industry along with the first home console, the Magnavox Odyssey. The game has been remade on numerous home and portable platforms following its release. Juni in seine Dauerausstellung aufnahm. Navigation menu Baby hazel spiele kostenlos tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Read the Community Guidelines to be sure. Recommended Buying Guides See all guides. Arcade games Atari Video Music. We suggest you install the latest version of one of these browsers: Pong Original by jesseliot1. This game has been tested and is in working condition. Pong V4 Added Super Hard Mode.
This is the third or fourth day of waking with intense pain so bad I can’t think or even talk well cialis aus eu. I had to wake someone up to get me a pain pill at about 5:45am. I couldn’t sleep through it. When it happens in the morning early like that, I try to sleep through it, but I couldn’t. I took a whole pain pill this morning, when I usually take a half of one. I was able about 20 minutes later to go back to sleep, and when I finally did wake around 9:15 or so this morning, I was doing better. I managed to get up and make breakfast. We’re doing a managed calorie and nutritional diet, but my family doesn’t really know that. I manage it through MyFitnessPal.com. I’ve been enjoying using it. I’ve lost 20 pounds since I started using the website. I love that. The family has loved the food. Everyone who has needed to lose weight has with it. That’s awesome. If you want to see my recipe for breakfast this morning, you can see it on my food and recipes blog here.
The reason I do the food stuff is because it’s one thing I can control about my health. I can’t change the fact I have CTEPH. I can’t change having congestive heart failure. I can’t change having the Factor V Leiden gene mutation. I can’t change having hypothyroidism. I can’t change having adrenal insufficiency. I can’t change having any of the other conditions or disorders that I have that come with being who I am and living with a terminal illness.
What I can change though is other aspects that might have contributed to my being sick. They didn’t make me sick, per se, but they contributed to my being sick. And I can’t go back and change the past. But I can change the future.
I can’t control so many things in my life now, but this is something I can control. I can eat healthy food. I can manage my weight. I can manage the nutrition that goes into my body and make it the best it can be. I can exercise as much as I’m able. I can do everything I can to be healthy by eating right, exercising right, taking my medication and supplements right, and improving my health conditions as much as possible. THAT is something I CAN control. So I do.
And if, along the way, I teach my family to be healthier and happier and prevent them from going through what I’m currently going through, so much the better.
But also, like I told my good friend and fellow writer, Rissa Watkins, the other day–there is so much now that I can’t do any more like I used to. Cooking for my family is one thing I CAN do and I am pretty good at it. I’ve made it more than just a cause for my and my family’s health. It is a hobby now too, and I’m good at it. And it feels good to be good at something again. It’s tough when you’re sick and you feel like you’re losing so much all the time, every day something new, it seems, is taken away from you. Cooking for my family is something that I can do that wasn’t taken away from me. I’ve had to modify HOW I do it, but I can still do it.
I mean, I sit at the table mostly and have my family bring things to me. When I cook in the kitchen itself, I use a desk chair and roll around the floor to cook. But it works. It keeps me from exhausting myself and allows the experience to be fun. Learning how to modify things in my life is just one thing people who are sick have to do. You learn to modify everything.
I use a wheelchair when I go out in public. I use a shower chair when I take a shower. I use a rolling desk chair when I cook in the kitchen. I use oxygen all the time and have to turn it up when I try to exercise. Even when I go swimming, we have to move the extension cord and oxygen concentrator outside and drag the 50ft tubing across the rock garden to the pool so I can swim with the oxygen. Then the dog likes to try to bite and ‘rescue’ the tubing, and he gets tangled in it, and it’s a real pain in the ass, but I love to swim and it’s worth it for me to do it.
Sometimes, I feel bad that my family has to modify so much for me, though. It’s not like we can just pick up and go anywhere anymore. We have to plan everything. Are there enough oxygen tanks? Do we have the wheelchair charged? Will we be gone long enough to need your meds? Do you want to take any of your electrolyte drink with you? And on and on and on.
But as I’ve said so many times before on this blog, It changes in small ways that you don’t even think about. And it’s the little things that add up to mean the most and cause the most frustration and pain.
Anyway… that’s just some rambling thoughts on my mind today. I guess I’m feeling a little sorry for myself because it’s been about six hours or so since I took my pain pill this morning, and I’m really feeling the pain again. I hate taking pain pills to fight the pain, because they make my brain dull, fuzzy. They make me numb, in a sense, and I don’t like that numb feeling. But I don’t like pain more than I don’t like numb. Pain makes me a bitch. You don’t even want to know me when I’ve been in long-term pain. Everything pisses me off. Ugh.
But in reality, I try so hard to be upbeat and happy–not fake happy, but real upbeat and happy–and that’s a hard thing to be when the pain is on top of you holding you down all the time. So I just popped half a pain pill, and I’ll be contentedly numb soon enough, I hope. But I hate having to hope for numbness. I wish there were a better way. I wish they knew what was causing the pain.
Armed groups break into Semiramis hotel off Tahrir Square, shoot at employees and guests early Tuesday; anti-government demonstrators ward off looters as security forces fail to arrive
Dozens of armed assailants raided and looted the InterContinental Semiramis hotel on Cairo's Nile Corniche, while staff desperately called for help via their official Twitter account, in the early hours of Tuesday morning amid fierce clashes between protesters and security forces.
Anti-government demonstrators secured the besieged hotel and helped hotel guests flee until they were safely in taxis to the airport, as the police and the army failed to come to their aid.
The protesters also helped the security forces in arresting 12 people who were attempting to loot the downtown Cairo hotel.
" EMERGENCY! WE ARE UNDER ATTACK! SEVERAL THUGS HAVE ENTERED THE SEMIRAMIS! SEND HELP," employees pleaded via the official hotel account on the micro-blogging site, "SOS If anyone knows anyone in #Military #Police #Government, please send help! Thugs in Lobby."
The inside of the hotel reception has been gutted, broken glass and rocks are strewn across the floor and outside the main gates.
Two large tables have been pushed up against the main entrance, staff have boarded up the smashed windows with wooden slats.
Security guard Hesham Abdel-Wahab, who was on duty through the night, described the terrifying scene to Ahram Online.
"Groups had already come to the hotel earlier to warn us that thugs were on their way so we called the police and requested they send forces, "Abdel-Wahab explains. "But when I spoke to the police, they just continued to ask me for my name, they were very hesitant. I kept saying to them that my name doesn't matter we were under attack."
Ahmed Ibrahim, another InterContinental guard described 40 men armed with birdshot guns, knives and a semi-automatic weapon, approach the hotel around 2.30am.
They succeeded in breaking through the hotel's fortified shutters. Ahram Online reporter saw electrical wire tied to the metal gates, clearly used to force the doors open.
"One had a semi-automatic gun and started shooting inside the building, I was inside trying to hide and call the police, it was terrifying," Abdel-Wahab continues.
Some guests trapped in the hotel, locked themselves in their rooms to avoid the tear gas and bullets, as employees desperately struggled to evacuate the building
After the police failed to appear, Abdel-Wahab says, hotel staff phoned the army. "However they didn't arrive, they left us."
"It was terrible - I was scared to death," recalls Nabila Samak, Director of Marketing and Communications, who made the desperate calls for help from the hotel Twitter account. Samak added that Semiramis staff had even resorted to calling Egyptian TV talk shows to draw attention to their plight.
The armed groups reportedly looted the building, stealing "everything they could get their hands on."
"We ran to the crisis meeting point on the 4th floor and barricaded ourselves in," Samak describes, "it unfolded so quickly we followed all our security measures, but no guards of hotels in Egypt are armed. We had to secure guests and colleagues."
Meanwhile revolutionaries outside the hotel attempted to prevent the thugs from entering the building, reports Ahram Online journalist Karim Hafez who was at the scene.
"When they realised these groups were trying to loot the hotel, protesters shot fire crackers at them as they attacked the building and tried to push them away from the area but these groups were armed with birdshot bullets," says Hafez.
Journalist Mohammed Mare, who witnessed the event, recounted on his Twitter account that four people arrived in a Lancer car with no licence plate behind the protesters and fired the shots to scare protesters away, before storming the hotel.
The attackers shot at employees and continued to destroy the building for approximately three hours before security forces arrived.
"We are the frontline, I'm still a bit shaky, and the situation is still not resolved. Clashes are starting again," Samak says, who thanked the revolutionaries that "stood by us last night," via the hotel's Twitter account, adding "you are awesome."
"I blame President Mohamed Morsi's administration because there is no security here in Egypt under his rule," concludes Abdel-Wahab, "they just let the people fight each other."
There have been several nationwide protests starting this weekend to commemorate the second anniversary of the January 25 Revolution. On Monday, protesters marched in demonstrations against the Muslim Brotherhood and the president's rule marking also the second anniversary of the pivotal "Friday of Rage," on 28 January.
Ahram Online welcomes readers' comments on all issues covered by the site, along with any criticisms and/or corrections. Readers are asked to limit their feedback to a maximum of 1000 characters (roughly 200 words). All comments/criticisms will, however, be subject to the following code
We will not publish comments which contain rude or abusive language, libelous statements, slander and personal attacks against any person/s.
We will not publish comments which contain racist remarks or any kind of racial or religious incitement against any group of people, in Egypt or outside it.
We welcome criticism of our reports and articles but we will not publish personal attacks, slander or fabrications directed against our reporters and contributing writers.
We reserve the right to correct, when at all possible, obvious errors in spelling and grammar. However, due to time and staffing constraints such corrections will not be made across the board or on a regular basis.
funny things happening in egypt the hotel might be a target for several reasons but last time at the towers the police was quicker to respond... just a guess,was the bribe to the mayor in charge not high enough?
☆PLA delegation to NPC annual session holds second plenary meeting ☆Military spending in pace with peaceful development ☆China right to increase defense spending ☆New floating dock enables offshore warship repairs for China navy
BEIJING, March 13 (Xinhua) -- President Xi Jinping on Sunday ordered that China have a "military theory that is up-to-date, pioneering and unique" to support its strong and dynamic armed forces.
Greater efforts must be made to promote the innovation of Marxist military theory, Xi, also chairman of the Central Military Commission, told a military delegation to the National People's Congress at the ongoing annual session.
"A sound military theory is a key part of combat effectiveness. A strong army must have a sound theory as its guide," Xi said.
MOGADISHU, July 27 (Xinhua) -- Somali soldiers on Friday killed six al-Shabab militants and injured several others during an operation near Wajid, a town in the southwest Bakool region, officials said.
"Southwest State Special Forces killed senior al-Shabab official Moalim Derow and five other fighters," Security Minister for Southwest State in Somalia Hassan Hussein Mohamed told reporters.
"Several others were injured and the forces recovered eight AK-47 rifles at Lafale location near Wajid district in Bakool region this morning," he added.
Production Companies production info | cast | crew | companies | projectdata | gallery | awards | links
Other project info production info | cast | crew | companies | projectdata | gallery | awards | links
Seoul to Reveal C-47, the Aircraft Used by Independence Fighters, at Yeouido Park on August 18 - Seoul Metropolitan Government
Do you know what happened at Yeouido Airport on August 18, 1945? To celebrate the 70th anniversary of Korea’s liberation from Japanese rule, Seoul will put a C-47 aircraft on display at Yeouido Park. The airplane is same model as the one that independence fighters, including Kim Koo, Chang Chun-ha, and Yun Gyeong-bin, took from Shanghai on their return to Korea, landing at Yeouido Airport.
It was also this model of aircraft that 15 members of the Shanghai Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea took on their return trip to Korea on November 23, 1945. This is the first transport aircraft that the Korean Air Force owned. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will showcase the plane on the runway in Yeouido for the first time in 70 years ago, and an exhibition titled “Flight Over 70 Years” will be held to preserve the records of the display.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government stated that displaying and allowing people to board the C-47 transport aircraft is a way of experiencing the time of the vibrant Provisional Government and the Liberation Army on the 70th anniversary of Korea’s liberation. The government further explained, “The Provisional Government and Liberation Army that we have been waiting for these past 70 years has finally come today.” The C-47 transport aircraft was not only used by the independence fighters to return to Korea, but was also used as a presidential plane in 1950.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government installed a screen inside the aircraft to make the audience feel as if they are flying from Shanghai to Seoul. In addition, a space will be set up to provide people additional historical knowledge surrounding the C-47 aircraft. The aircraft will be on display for three years until 2018.
This is a blog born to give pupils and families information about our work at school. We stand for useful and practical language tools, to encourage our pupils to develop their creativity and to enhance their personal and intellectual growth.
1st search optimization | organic search engine | organic search services | search engine marketing strategies
Novelty wears off. Even if people aren’t getting sick of your ads, your product itself will become less revolutionary over time. When Casper launched, a direct-to-customer mattress-in-a-box company was a hot new take on the traditional sleep industry. Now there are so many competitors that the idea of a mattress showing up at your door in a box just isn’t as exciting.
To do this, I often align the launch of my content with a couple of guest posts on relevant websites to drive a load of relevant traffic to it, as well as some relevant links. This has a knock-on effect toward the organic amplification of the content and means that you at least have something to show for the content (in terms of ROI) if it doesn't do as well as you expect organically.
With 88 million tech-reliant Millennials taking their places as decision makers in households and the workforce, crafting a strong online presence is more important than ever. According to the Harvard Business Review, Millennials will account for over 50% of the workforce by next year. Already, this demographic shift, in combination with rapidly developing technology, is drastically changing the way successful companies go to market.
There is limited real estate for the top positions in organic search results. With the amount of content on the web today and the number of competitors you have, it can be hard to get in a top position, even despite your best efforts. If you’re a new business or an existing one trying to build your online presence, SEM/PPC advertising can get you in front of highly targeted customers.
Many page owners think that organic reach (the number of unique individuals who see your post pop up in their news feeds) is enough to make an impact. This was true in the first few years of Facebook but is no longer the case. Facebook, and many other social media networks is truly a pay-to-play network. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and LinkedIn are all on algorithmic feeds, meaning posts are shown to the user based on past behavior and preferences instead of in chronological order. Organic posts from your Facebook page only reach about 2% of your followers, and that number is dropping. Facebook recently announced that, in order to correct a past metrics error, it is changing the way it reports viewable impressions, and organic reach will be 20% lower on average when this change takes effect.
High organic rankings for specific terms represent an opportunity to double down by taking up more real estate with paid results. When your brand is still establishing a presence for a specific keyword in organic results, you can use paid ads to get your brand some visibility on the SERP. Once you start ranking well organically for that keyword, you may choose to allocate your paid budget to another targeted opportunity and deploy a similar strategy.
Your keyword research will determine whether or not your search optimization effort will be a success or a failure. Many businesses make the mistake of basing their keywords on just the search volume. This often leads to attempting to rank for keywords that are very difficult and costly to move up, or even keywords that aren’t “buyer” keywords and just send useless traffic to the website.
Keywords may get eyes on your content, but they won’t hold a viewer’s interest. You need something that’s going to keep them engaged, and keyword stuffing won’t achieve that. This is where the quality of your content is essential. Well-written, well-researched content keeps people reading, as it provides the solution they need, even if that solution is just something funny to fill a spare five minutes. It’s possible to enhance the content in many ways, such as formatting to arrange material in easily digestible sections, using infographics that are visually appealing and easy to share across social media, or creating videos that express ideas instantly. And don’t forget links. Creating a network of related content keeps viewers engaged with a constant stream of relevant information, and increases the chance they make a purchase.
Companies with stronger SEO efforts on increasing performance emphasised the development of content and updating content on the website as a relatively easy task to perform. However, they start to get lost when it comes to the management of keywords and the construction of external links as the tactics become more difficult to perform. Blogging and the integration of social media were mentioned as simple enough tasks to perform in-house.
Some ideas to keep your Facebook fans engaged include posting quality content, creating exciting competitions and sharing surveys that ask for their opinions. For example, you could create a survey and ask your fans what content they would like to read or what new products they would like to see in your new fashion line. Take your community’s advice on board and let them know when you’ve created their chosen item or have written that post they wanted. It’s also important to add images and/or video content to your posts to enhance the visual impact and help them stand out in your fans’ crowded newsfeed.
Guest blogging purely for inbound links is a flawed strategy because the value of those links are going down. However, guest blogging for traffic is still an incredibly viable strategy. While that inbound link you get at the end of a guest post doesn’t have as much SEO value as it used to, it still has the value of exposing your content to a new audience.
Though it can take a lot of time and effort to develop one, having an organic marketing strategy is important for any business to find success. Essentially, organic marketing is about growing your audience naturally versus using paid advertising and marketing tactics. To build a successful strategy, you’ll need to accumulate a variety of string organic marketing ideas that includes social media, search, and email marketing. But why should I look into organic marketing when I can just pay for everything? That’s a great question. The thing is organic marketing can bring a lot of benefits for your business including more authentic customer engagement and brand loyalty. Now, we’re not saying to cut paid advertising from your plan but a mix of organic and paid marketing strategies will be very effective. Here are some tips that you can use to improve your organic marketing strategy.
Together is better! For many businesses, the best approach is a mix of both organic and paid search results. The advantage of this approach is that organic rankings give a business credibility and evergreen search results. Paid search (PPC) provides immediate top-of-the-page listings and greater click through rates, i.e., sales, when consumers are ready to purchase.
That’s a massive problem. And it’s one that organic search traffic solves. If you want to correlate your marketing efforts with a solid ROI, pay particular attention to where your customers are coming from. If you know where they’re coming from, you can calculate what you invest in each marketing channel, and what return it yields for your business. Some people believe that PPC is better for calculating ROI because it’s more measurable. That’s misguided. You CAN determine what an organic visit is worth to your business in terms of a hard dollar value.
Organic traffic is the primary channel that inbound marketing strives to increase. This traffic is defined as visitors coming from a search engine, such as Google or Bing. This does not include paid search ads, but that doesn’t mean that organic traffic isn’t impacted by paid search or display advertising, either positively or negatively. In general, people trust search engines, and sayings such as “just Google it” reinforce that humans are tied to the search engine. Thus, paid search, display, or even offline campaigns can drive searches, which may increase organic traffic while those campaigns are running.
Implementing organic search engine optimization is a lot for one person to take on. It’s especially difficult if you’re not familiar with things like keyword research, backlinks, and HTML. Taking the time to teach yourself about SEO can be rewarding, but hiring an SEO company helps you save your time and effort so you can do the things you’d rather be doing. Contact us today to schedule a time to talk about how we can improve your organic search engine optimization.
If you were to ask someone what the difference is between direct and organic website traffic, they would probably be able to warrant a good guess, purely based on the terms’ wording. They might tell you that direct traffic comes from going straight into a website by entering its URL into a browser or clicking a bookmark, while organic traffic comes from finding the site somewhere else, like through a search engine.
Those who communicate value, attract others who seek that value in that topic. Those who are in the know, have an edge over those who don’t know, and that’s valuable. It helps people get more of what they want and like, and reduce their risk and negative experiences. In business, it’s profitable to have more of the right information than your competitors ahead of time (as long as it’s done and used legally to avoid fines and reprimands like with insider trading). Having valuable information first means you can make moves and investments before competitors, to buy cheaper and/or sell higher.
Nathan: You’ve mentioned status updates. One of the things I’ve been doing with the podcast is creating a video introduction. It was last fall that LinkedIn started having native uploads of videos. And I’ve been noticing anywhere from 2,000 to 3,000 views per post that I upload, where nobody was checking out my videos or status updates when I was doing it in the past. That might be something people think about, too, is adding the video element into their thought leadership post or their status updates. What are your thoughts on that?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is the process of affecting the online visibility of a website or a web page in a web search engine's unpaid results—often referred to as "natural", "organic", or "earned" results. In general, the earlier (or higher ranked on the search results page), and more frequently a website appears in the search results list, the more visitors it will receive from the search engine's users; these visitors can then be converted into customers.[1] SEO may target different kinds of search, including image search, video search, academic search,[2] news search, and industry-specific vertical search engines. SEO differs from local search engine optimization in that the latter is focused on optimizing a business' online presence so that its web pages will be displayed by search engines when a user enters a local search for its products or services. The former instead is more focused on national or international searches.
Search engine marketing encompasses a range of activities all centred around making your website more visible when someone uses a search engine. If someone is looking for your business on the internet, it is vital your website appears prominently in the search engines’ results pages, or it will never deliver the value to your business that today’s economy demands.
In my opinion, for many business owners new to the world of digital marketing, there is often a common misconception that SEO and social media are separate entities, each operating in their own world with distinct goals. SEO and organic social media marketing work together to create value and provide relevance for your audience. Any good digital marketing strategy should do its best to have both SEO and social media working together, in tandem.
Organic marketing, of course, is different from outbound or paid marketing. Outbound marketing seeks to place advertising and promotional content in front of people who are not looking for it. In our era of big data, the ability to target advertising has blurred the line between in and outbound marketing slightly. Paid marketing is good at generating traffic when it is needed. However, organic marketing will continue to provide leads over time without the need to continue to spend on advertising.
The home page of your site is usually a good place to start. It typically holds a wide array of information about your product or service and will lead the website visitor to where they want to go. However, if you have other informative pages on your site that you think would be more helpful, you may want to choose one of those pages in addition to, or instead of, the home page.
In December 2009, Google announced it would be using the web search history of all its users in order to populate search results.[32] On June 8, 2010 a new web indexing system called Google Caffeine was announced. Designed to allow users to find news results, forum posts and other content much sooner after publishing than before, Google caffeine was a change to the way Google updated its index in order to make things show up quicker on Google than before. According to Carrie Grimes, the software engineer who announced Caffeine for Google, "Caffeine provides 50 percent fresher results for web searches than our last index..."[33] Google Instant, real-time-search, was introduced in late 2010 in an attempt to make search results more timely and relevant. Historically site administrators have spent months or even years optimizing a website to increase search rankings. With the growth in popularity of social media sites and blogs the leading engines made changes to their algorithms to allow fresh content to rank quickly within the search results.[34]
Basically, what I’m talking about here is finding websites that have mentioned your brand name but they haven’t actually linked to you. For example, someone may have mentioned my name in an article they wrote (“Matthew Barby did this…”) but they didn’t link to matthewbarby.com. By checking for websites like this you can find quick opportunities to get them to add a link.
One of the things that can slow-bleed the traffic from your site is the quality (or lack thereof) of the content you publish on your site. Previous Google updates like Panda have already been released specifically to deal with the issue of low-quality content on websites. Long story short: Panda intended to stop sites with bad content from appearing in the search results.
And executives in particular, whether you’re getting help from an external coach like myself, or have an internal expert that can help them with their profile, this is really important because your executives are the key to really building thought leadership. I know even at Act-On, Bill Pierznik has been making some really amazing posts on LinkedIn around his thoughts on the business world, and it’s garnered a lot of engagement. So, the more you could have your executives be the voice for your company and really get their profiles up and running, the better.
Use long tail keywords. Don’t just go with the most popular keywords in your market. Use keywords that are more specific to your product or service. In time, Google and other search engines will identify your website or blog as a destination for that particular subject, which will boost your content in search rankings and help your ideal customers find you. These tools will help.
Lynn, it is so true that just talking about a brand in a blog post gets you noticed. I did a blog post a few years ago on a toy and mentioned that is was on the Parenting Magazine top 10 list. I did not link to the magazine, I just mentioned it and they sent me a free one year subscription to their magazine, and a whole box of coloring books for my kids. It wasn't monetary, but at least the company acknowledge that I referenced them.
Once you've set up an alert within Mention, go to your settings and then 'Manage Notifications'. From here you can select the option to get a daily digest email of any mentions (I'd recommend doing this). You also have the option of getting desktop alerts - I personally find them annoying, but if you really want to stay on the ball then they could be a good idea.
This way, you’ll know what percentage of these visitors are responsible for your conversions. You can find the conversion rate of your organic search traffic in your dashboard. Bear in mind: If you just configured this, you won’t have any usable data yet. Now let’s say that your conversion rate is 5%, and the average order value for a new customer is $147. 5/100 x $147 = $7.35.
Search engine marketing’s greatest strength is that it offers advertisers the opportunity to put their ads in front of motivated customers who are ready to buy at the precise moment they’re ready to make a purchase. No other advertising medium can do this, which is why search engine marketing is so effective and such an amazingly powerful way to grow your business.
Use social media. Build a presence on social media networks like LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ etc. All of these activities help to get your name out and website address out on the internet. Read about how we doubled our social media audience in a week. Add share buttons to your site to make it easy for people to share your content. And write content worthy of sharing.
As of 2009, there are only a few large markets where Google is not the leading search engine. In most cases, when Google is not leading in a given market, it is lagging behind a local player. The most notable example markets are China, Japan, South Korea, Russia and the Czech Republic where respectively Baidu, Yahoo! Japan, Naver, Yandex and Seznam are market leaders.
Another ethical controversy associated with search marketing has been the issue of trademark infringement. The debate as to whether third parties should have the right to bid on their competitors' brand names has been underway for years. In 2009 Google changed their policy, which formerly prohibited these tactics, allowing 3rd parties to bid on branded terms as long as their landing page in fact provides information on the trademarked term.[27] Though the policy has been changed this continues to be a source of heated debate.[28]
The response rate here was huge because this is a mutually beneficial relationship. The bloggers get free products to use within their outfits (as well as more clothes for their wardrobe!) and I was able to drive traffic through to my site, get high-quality backlinks, a load of social media engagement and some high-end photography to use within my own content and on product pages.
Now in your reconsideration request make sure you are honest and tell Google everything that the prior agency was up too. Be sure to include all Excel information of removed links and say you are going to make an ongoing effort to remove everything negative. It is common knowledge that Google may not accept your first reconsideration request, so it may take a few times.
Having large groups of content that all revolve around the same topic will build more relevance around keywords that you're trying to rank for within these topics, and it makes it much easier for Google to associate your content with specific topics. Not only that, but it makes it much easier to interlink between your content, pushing more internal links through your website.
Pay-per-click (PPC) campaigns generate paid traffic. The goal of running a PPC ad campaign is to increase visibility of and traffic to your website by showing up in the paid search results – you can identify ‘paid’ results easily as they are brief advertisements separate from the organic results. These ads are prompted when a user types in a relevant keyword into the search engine.
Thanks for the comment, I would not say it is impossible to create high quality backlinks from scratch without content, you just need to do a review on competitor backlinks and see if their are any easy targets. We have had some good luck in the education space acquiring links on the same pages as competitor from PR5+ edu sites. It all revolves around the outreach strategy in which you put in place.
Organic search is extremely important for online retailers, as many studies suggest it drives around 50% of website traffic. When it comes to search engine optimization for eCommerce, marketers get obsessive about testing all methods available to them to try and achieve higher rankings. The logic is very simple: higher positions on SERPs automatically result in higher impressions and a significantly better click-through rate. More people visiting your store should ultimately translate into better conversions and higher revenues.
For example, we have seen retailers who produce seasonal items, such as ornaments, based upon data that they are able to find through the Data Cube. This information tells them about the themes and ideas that are popular throughout the year and during their peak selling seasons, helping them to know which items will be the most successful and the optimal names to select.
Retargeting: Each platform offers retargeting to help you reach people who’ve already visited your website. The benefit of retargeting is that a conversion is more likely when you know the prospect is interested. You might also upload an email list and use Facebook Custom Audiences to serve ads directly to subscribers. In the following example, we see two ads that show in the Facebook sidebar to reach former web visitors.
Fix the meta description. Phil Tadros, leader of coworking space Space Doejo, emphasized the importance of the meta description. “I went out of my way to spend time tweaking and fine-tuning the meta description of my site," Tadros said, "because this is one of the first things people see. It’s vital that you make a promise you can keep.” Your meta description is your first chance to encourage people to click on to your website. There are plenty of plugins allowing you to edit the meta description if you don’t have a custom-made platform. A meta description may not impact SEO directly the way it used to, but it enhances the user experience.
Improved Ads and Visual Products. PPC Ads are simply Advertisements. With this, they have full control on what they would like their clients to see first-hand. Contact Number, Location, Services, and Pricing are some of the details that they can easily display to clients. Apart from that, images are now readily available so that clients will be able to get a preview of what they are browsing or buying (for selling sites).
In order to optimize your SEO results, it’s important to measure the impact of your efforts on web site traffic and lead/sales generation. Google Webmaster Tools can give you important insight into how your site is functioning and identify potential errors you should correct. An analytics tool such as Google’s Universal Analytics is helpful for measuring changes in search traffic as well as tracking visitors interactions with your web site that are a direct result of SEO. Marketing automation tools and call tracking tools can help you tie leads and sales back to SEO.
In February 2011, Google announced the Panda update, which penalizes websites containing content duplicated from other websites and sources. Historically websites have copied content from one another and benefited in search engine rankings by engaging in this practice. However Google implemented a new system which punishes sites whose content is not unique.[35] The 2012 Google Penguin attempted to penalize websites that used manipulative techniques to improve their rankings on the search engine.[36] Although Google Penguin has been presented as an algorithm aimed at fighting web spam, it really focuses on spammy links[37] by gauging the quality of the sites the links are coming from. The 2013 Google Hummingbird update featured an algorithm change designed to improve Google's natural language processing and semantic understanding of web pages. Hummingbird's language processing system falls under the newly recognised term of 'Conversational Search' where the system pays more attention to each word in the query in order to better match the pages to the meaning of the query rather than a few words [38]. With regards to the changes made to search engine optimization, for content publishers and writers, Hummingbird is intended to resolve issues by getting rid of irrelevant content and spam, allowing Google to produce high-quality content and rely on them to be 'trusted' authors.
As the number of sites on the Web increased in the mid-to-late 1990s, search engines started appearing to help people find information quickly. Search engines developed business models to finance their services, such as pay per click programs offered by Open Text[7] in 1996 and then Goto.com[8] in 1998. Goto.com later changed its name[9] to Overture in 2001, was purchased by Yahoo! in 2003, and now offers paid search opportunities for advertisers through Yahoo! Search Marketing. Google also began to offer advertisements on search results pages in 2000 through the Google AdWords program. By 2007, pay-per-click programs proved to be primary moneymakers[10] for search engines. In a market dominated by Google, in 2009 Yahoo! and Microsoft announced the intention to forge an alliance. The Yahoo! & Microsoft Search Alliance eventually received approval from regulators in the US and Europe in February 2010.[11]
Amber Kemmis is the VP of Client Services at SmartBug Media. Having a psychology background in the marketing world has its perks, especially with inbound marketing. My past studies in human behavior and psychology have led me to strongly believe that traditional ad marketing only turns prospects away, and advertising spend never puts the right message in front of the right person at the right time. Thus, resulting in wasted marketing efforts and investment. I'm determined to help each and every one of our clients attract and retain new customers in a delightful and helpful way that leads to sustainable revenue growth. Read more articles by Amber Kemmis.
It takes skill to drive and convert traffic. If you do it yourself, it takes a significant time investment. If you outsource it, it takes a considerable monetary investment. Either way, you need resources. And you’re doing all this in a highly competitive space. Driving organic traffic is no longer just about deploying keywords. SEO is a lot more nuanced and complex than just targeting keywords. You have to consider different keyword types, the search intent of the user and the stage of awareness of your prospects. It takes time to see results.
As an Internet marketing strategy, SEO considers how search engines work, the computer programmed algorithms which dictate search engine behavior, what people search for, the actual search terms or keywords typed into search engines, and which search engines are preferred by their targeted audience. Optimizing a website may involve editing its content, adding content, doing HTML, and associated coding to both increase its relevance to specific keywords and to remove barriers to the indexing activities of search engines. Promoting a site to increase the number of backlinks, or inbound links, is another SEO tactic. By May 2015, mobile search had surpassed desktop search.[3] In 2015, it was reported that Google is developing and promoting mobile search as a key feature within future products. In response, many brands are beginning to take a different approach to their Internet marketing strategies.[4]
Traffic data is a great way to take the temperature of your website and marketing initiatives. When you are writing and promoting blog content on a regular basis, you can use traffic data to track results and correlate these efforts to actual ROI. Be sure to look at traffic numbers over long-term intervals to see trends and report on improvement over time.
Website saturation and popularity, or how much presence a website has on search engines, can be analyzed through the number of pages of the site that are indexed by search engines (saturation) and how many backlinks the site has (popularity). It requires pages to contain keywords people are looking for and ensure that they rank high enough in search engine rankings. Most search engines include some form of link popularity in their ranking algorithms. The following are major tools measuring various aspects of saturation and link popularity: Link Popularity, Top 10 Google Analysis, and Marketleap's Link Popularity and Search Engine Saturation.
The term is intuitive; the definition of organic marketing refers to the act of getting your customers to come to you naturally over time, rather than ‘artificially’ via paid links or boosted posts. It includes any direct, instinctive, and , with the exception of paid marketing tools. Paid tools, such as artificial paid link-ads, are considered inorganic marketing. If you’ve been putting your blood, sweat and tears into revising and reinventing your user interface, maintaining Twitter and Facebook accounts, building your email lists, and improving your SEO, you’re doing it already. Now, let’s take a closer look at why it’s effective, and how you can do it better.
To drive instant traffic to your website: Unlike organic social marketing, paid social ads instantly deliver results. The moment your ad goes live on social channels, you will get to see a large number of visitors on your web pages. Paid social ads are therefore ideal when you are planning to make a new announcement or if you are launching a new product/service for your brand.
Use Facebook Insights to gain a better understanding of your Facebook fans. You can then target specific messages to meet the specific needs of subsets of your audience. For example, if you’re selling clothes and have written an article on the latest fashion trends for women, you can target your post to appear in the news feeds of women who have expressed an interest in clothes. Targeting options include Gender, Relationship Status, Location and Interests, etc. To target your Facebook post, simply click the targeting icon at the end of your post before you click Publish.
Before you dig into some of the more technical ways to improve SEO ranking, always remember that writing compelling, high-quality content that attracts interest and compels visitors to share it and link back to it is vital. Good content has the best chance of being viral content, and Google rewards content virality heavily in its rankings algorithm.
Use images. Images are vital for breaking up the monotony of a string of paragraphs. You also need to use a featured image ito make your content stand out in a list. This is like erecting a virtual billboard. If you don't include one, people won’t realize that your content exists. Think about how these images will look in thumbnail form, as that’s what will appear on your social media feed.
When people hear organic/non-organic, they’d most likely envision the produce section at their local supermarket. Society has become not only aware but educated on the differences between the two and how it affects their personal lives. Although the familiarity with these options has grown significantly, many business owners are completely in the dark when it comes to organic vs. non-organic Search Engine Optimization or SEO. If you have a business online or just a website that you’re looking to draw more attention to, read on to learn more about how to make the best, cost-effective decisions to boost your search engine ranking.
Craft or improve your email marketing strategy. Consider implementing Calls to Action that engage your readership in immediate ways. This works whether you’re selling a product, hosting an event, or delivering new content for your subscribers to enjoy. Set time aside to regularly draft emails–consider making a goal to write a set number of email drafts per week.
Though a long break is never suggested, there are times that money can be shifted and put towards other resources for a short time. A good example would be an online retailer. In the couple of weeks leading up to the Christmas holidays, you are unlikely to get more organic placement than you already have. Besides, the window of opportunity for shipping gifts to arrive before Christmas is ending, and you are heading into a slow season.
SDA Plus Search Engine - "The AdventSource search engine searches web sites created and maintained by members of the Seventh-day Adventist church. Instead of searching the entire World Wide Web we only search sites that are included in our listing of Adventist web sites."
"Seventh-day Adventist organizations, supporting ministries and the businesses of ASI members may submit their web site information to be included in this customized search engine. Individual member sites may also be submitted. All site submissions are manually reviewed and approved based on criteria set by management."
Below is a very simple search feature. For example, enter a city and state that you would like to find an Adventist organization in, or enter a specific organization's name. You can refine your search by using the Distance or Advanced search feature that appears below the search field.
I’M DYING UP HERE explores the struggles of “making it big” in the 1970’s L.A. comedy scene. Every night, a group of up-and-coming comedians wait to perform at Goldie’s, the hottest stand-up club in town. But first they’ll have to win over Goldie, who rules the Sunset Strip with an iron fist. Stand-up is a drug for these comedians, and they’re willing to sacrifice everything to get their fix. They brave the pain of sharing their innermost thoughts and darkest secrets, hoping that someone, anyone, will laugh. Executive produced by Jim Carrey.
Pursuing your dreams isn't easy, but what happens once you get what you thought you wanted? The dysfunctional family of comedians at Goldie's feels the stress as golden opportunities come for some but not for others.
At Goldie's on the Sunset Strip, a group of up-and-coming comedians work on their stand-up craft. They find new rivals, but they also find family. When one of them makes it, they all make it and when they fail, they fail together.
This website is intended for viewing solely in the United States and its territories and possessions.
December 11, 2015 at 2:17 pm Shaanxi Normal University I always get a good chuckle out of posts like this. You really think a bunch of spun articles is how you get ranked in 2016? That doesn't work anymore, dude. best shayari in hindi (Guest) said On 23 April, 2018 at 2:42 AM Does your website need quality content in big numbers? The truth is; producing decent articles can take any author hours and limit the amount of fresh written content on your website especially if you are the only one writing for your website. On the other hand, hiring a writer can get expensive. Have you ever considered using an article spinner? Spinning content is a great way to keep your website relevant and fresh with new content. Of course, not all article spinner software is good. Therefore it’s important to do your homework first before choosing one. We suggest Spin Rewriter 9.0. With this tool, you can rewrite your articles using their intelligent One-Click Rewrite system. In addition, you also have a Bulk Rewrite option that lets your rewrite multiple articles with one click. You can take one great article and break it up into several great pieces of content. The options are endless. Be aware of the most modern and useful SEO tools in 2017 Best SEO Company |SEO Tips | Dallas SEO Company kodi on firestick (Guest) said On 24 July, 2018 at 11:01 PM February 2012 facebook July 2014 Parallel processing all bank holiday hours check it out here.. Article Rewriter has a special function of intelligently grabbing your content. When you upload a content in a powerful rewriting tool, it takes less than a minute to scan fully the document and search for words that can easily be rewritten with different synonyms. Our powerful tool comes with an unlimited database of synonyms. Most times, this rewriting tool helps in correcting your grammar errors. No signup or registration is required Polls Posts The Latest Spin Rewriter Reviews with the Ultimate Bonuses Spin Rewriter Review and Bonus. Top > Submit a simple order form, make a payment, and we'll find the best writer to work on your project. Slower on longer articles When signing up for trial, you will be asked to put billing details. You will not be billed anything until five days of trial had passed. Andy Black andy.blackseo https://cheatengineapk.xyz/cheat-engine-apk/ Need a well-written case study? CANCER 11 hrs ago This is how an article rewriter helps you Liked Hidemyass promo codes (Guest) said On 21 July, 2018 at 3:43 AM 1 - one = I dont believe that you can get decent results from a free rewriting service. I am sure you will get garbage spun results which are useless. Prove me If I am wrong. “The Three Unfair Facebook Messenger Tactics That Are Generating Massive Sales” Your belief system is what may be standing in the way. Most academics cling to the belief that they must set aside large chunks of time, do a lot of preparation, and be in the proper frame of mind to be able to write. Because the team at Spin Rewriter knows they’re offering a top quality articles spinning product with a world class customer support system, they allow new customers to sign-up for a 5-day free trial with no obligations. Tips to ensure that an Article Spinner doesn’t backfire? 5) We know what we're doing — our previous launch of Spin Rewriter brought in Online Jobs Sell Free version please? Intro Ray Burton http://BVDiPhoneApp.com Hip hop Page 3 of 52Oh! it's made my life a lot easier. I save money using the software myself and believe me, I am no techie. I love the accuracy of the articles and the words, I could not live without Spin Rewriter! - Dave Meholovitch www.DaveMeholovitch.com Needing content quickly has always been an issue and for over a year I have been able to depend on Spin Rewriter, to help me produce great content fast for my PBNs and Money sites. I highly recommend using this and keeping it a your top resource. - Frank Schwarz TheSEOShowOnline.com Spin Rewriter is the easiest article spinner I have ever used. The automatic article spinner plugin within Wordpress is always keeping my blog fresh with unique content without me even lifting a finger. I love it! - Brad Watts BindasTech Ping Website Article Rewriter Tool generates 100% unique content instantly. Try our free Article Rewriter Tool and get the best rewrited articles to protect your content from plagiarism. Rewriter tool provides most accurate rewrited content.Try It: https://goo.gl/f7uSXt Self-Help813 Article Forge Integration iOS Welcome home! Silesian University in Opava Personal Statement Help AMA Which is the best article rewriter tool for batch-spin thousands of articles in minutes? 2018-09-12 | Scott Hamlin – Flexible Music Bundle Volume 1 Review – is it worth to join? Instagram Reference Code To Text Ratio Online Spin Rewriter Case Study You can access Spin Rewriter just with your browser, no need to download anything Ask A Question! You know how Spin Rewriter comes with a super powerful API that lets you use the full power of our ENL Semantic Spinning technology from within other apps, and other software tools? This software tool allows you to effortlessly combine your content into a single document fast! 197 answers added Not sure which one is the best but here are a few links to such sites: attach_file Toggle navigation Can also scrape content, images, and videos, and can submit articles to directories.
﻿﻿ Leaked State Department memo advised Trump administration to push for “ Islamic reformation” | Critical Studies
Critical Studies/News/Leaked State Department memo advised Trump administration to push for “ Islamic reformation”
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, as part of a dual effort to counter both Iran and the Islamic State, should push for an “Islamic Reformation,” a State Department memo advised the White House last year.
The suggestion was ultimately not adopted as part of the National Security Strategy announced in December, but that a so-called reformation of Islam was up for discussion at the highest levels of the State Department and National Security Council underscores the extraordinary rise of a once-fringe, far-right approach to foreign policy. Were it to be adopted as official policy, it would mark a radical departure by directly inserting the U.S. government into a theological discussion that is carried out almost exclusively among anti-Muslim zealots.
“The goal against Iran and ISIS is to break each’s brand and Islamic extremism,” reads the document, which was obtained by The Intercept. “In seeking a public diplomacy means for undermining the ideological basis for supporting the current Iranian or ISIS structures, an emphasis on ‘Islamic Reformation’ should factor in heavily.”
The document, on the subject of “ideological competition,” was submitted to the White House National Security Council by the State Department Policy Planning Staff in the summer of 2017 — a period in which the NSC was drafting the Trump administration’s National Security Strategy. The State Department at the time was helmed by Rex Tillerson, who distanced himself from President Donald Trump’s anti-Islam rhetoric. Mike Pompeo assumed leadership in April, and his track record as an anti-Muslim ideologue has many worried about the State Department’s approach to Islam.
A State Department official confirmed the authenticity of the memo and told The Intercept that the paper was “one of dozens” of documents that helped inform the framing of the National Security Strategy. “As with all pre-decisional documents designed to stimulate discussion, a healthy dose of skepticism is appropriate as to how much of a single thought or phrase from the document survived debate and discussion,” the official wrote. “‘Islamic Reformation’ is a phrase that has been used and debated by analysts of Muslim world for decades, and was used in the article as an historical analogy, not a policy prescription.”
Founded in 1947, the Policy Planning Staff is the department’s in-house think tank. It is headed by the hawkish former Bush administration official Brian Hook, who was in charge at the time the memo was produced. According to the department’s website, Hook and his team “take a longer term, strategic view of global trends.” The document was finished shortly after Hook had purged career staffers he considered to be insufficiently loyal to Trump or too friendly with Iran. Sahar Nowrouzzadeh, for instance, was pushed out of Hook’s policy department following a right-wing smear campaign that questioned her loyalty to the United States, reporting falsely that she was born in Iran.
The policy shop, shorn of expertise and stocked with ideologues, is now producing material unlike anything it has before, according to a range of former State Department, Pentagon, and NSC officials, advisers, and lawyers consulted by The Intercept. They said that they had never seen the contentious and inflammatory phrase “Islamic Reformation” — a call for a Martin Luther-like figure to bring Islam into modernity that is rooted in tropes that presume Islam to be inherently violent and backward — used in an official U.S. government document before.
The lack of expertise comes through in the memo. “Iran is under increasing political and military pressure, giving support to domestic oppositional forces in both ISIS-held territory and within Iran. [U.S. government] ideological activity should find greater receptivity in such an environment,” the memo suggests. But the Shia ayatollahs of Iran and the Sunni militants of ISIS are openly hostile to each other, rendering the analysis nonsensical.
“These people are curating crap” from the far-right, anti-Muslim blogosphere, said a separate senior U.S. government official, referring to the unnamed authors of the State Department paper. (The official spoke on condition of anonymity as they are not authorized to discuss these matters.)
The document goes into detail about how to bring about this so-called reformation, including a remarkable passage acknowledging the cynical use female empowerment as a means to further the goals of American empire. “Two practical target groups for this approach are women and youth, though they are by no means the only potential targets. Focusing on female-empowerment as the primary information messaging goal within the Islamic-influenced world will allow the United States to maintain a moral component for American power and its liberation narrative,” it reads.
“Demands for an Islamic Reformation are nothing new,” wrote Todd Green, an associate professor of religion at Luther College and a former U.S. State Department adviser on Islamophobia, in September 2017. “They have fueled the careers of some of the most prominent anti-Islam activists in the West today.” For example, conservative writer and ex-Muslim Ayaan Hirsi Ali, who has expressed support for the Trump administration’s so-called Muslim ban, published the book “Heretic: Why Islam Needs a Reformation Now” in 2015.
Peter Mandaville, a former member of the Policy Planning Staff under Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, told The Intercept there were a number of “political, intellectual, and legal” problems with the “Islamic Reformation” proposal. “First, the United States government has no standing to be taking positions on matters of Islam, or what is or is not a correct … understanding of a world religious tradition,” said Mandaville, a professor at George Mason University and the author of “Islam and Politics.”
“Second, the U.S. government pointing to a particular interpretation of religion, pointing to a particular religious scholar, and saying, ‘Hey, this guy, he is awesome, follow this guy’ would most likely have the effect of wrecking any standing that individual had. Third, the U.S. Constitution forbids the federal government from undertaking any kind of activity that expresses a preference for any particular religion or any particular interpretation of religion.”
Robert Tuttle, professor of law and religion at the George Washington University Law School and an expert on the Establishment Clause, said that “the United States government does not express its views on religious matters.”
It is not settled, however, whether the Establishment Clause applies to U.S. foreign policy. “You could argue that the Establishment Clause doesn’t apply overseas, instead it only applies domestically,” said Tuttle, author of the book, “Secular Government, Religious People.” “I don’t think that’s a very good argument and the Supreme Court has not settled the debate.”
Case law on the question is sparse, but a 1991 decision from the 1st Circuit held in Lamont v. Woods that “the operation of the Establishment Clause strongly indicates that its restrictions should apply extraterritorially.”
The Trump administration, of course, has already weighed in theologically in its own way. Trump ran for president on a platform of banning Muslims from the U.S. and one of his favorite phrases on the campaign trail was “radical Islamic terrorism.” He badgered his opponent Hillary Clinton, as well as former President Barack Obama, for avoiding the term, suggesting that uttering those words out loud would conjure up a patronus of sorts to counter the dark-spirited Dementors committing violence in the name of Islam.
In addition to the issue of legality, there are fears that the Policy Planning Staff’s “emphasis on an ‘Islamic Reformation’” could backfire on the United States and do more harm than good.
“The idea of the United States promoting some sort of reform of Islam as a tool of foreign policy is a horrendous idea,” Green told The Intercept. “The last thing the United States needs to be doing is intervening in internal theological debates within Muslim communities, irrespective of whether those communities are located in Iran or here in the United States.”
For Green, the U.S. government delving into Islamic theology and “deeming which Muslims are acceptable and which are not” gets into “dangerous territory.” “Frankly, if you want to discredit those groups, the first thing you could do is prop them up and say, ‘This is the theologically correct version of Islam.’”
Qamar-ul Huda, a former senior policy adviser in the State Department’s Office of Religion and Global Affairs under both Obama and, for the first half of 2017, Trump, agreed with Green. “This could be taken the wrong way, as some sort of an agenda to subvert Muslim societies,” said Huda, who is Muslim and has an academic background in Islamic studies. “On the ground [in the Muslim-majority world], it will feed into the sense that the U.S. is turning into an anti-Muslim, Islamophobic country.”
At the height of the war on terror discourse, during the George W. Bush era, polls suggested that majorities of Egyptians, Pakistanis, Indonesians, and Moroccans believed that the United States was trying to weaken and divide the Muslim-majority world. Any evidence that members of the Trump administration, many of whom have strong ties to far-right, anti-Muslim groups, want to “reform” Islam could provoke similar concerns, and a backlash in Muslim communities and countries across the world.
A former senior U.S. diplomat who served in Afghanistan told The Intercept: “For a lot of people in the region, it will confirm their suspicions and conspiracy theories. When the leadership is bandying around these ideas, it sort of wipes out a lot of the good work that is being done on the ground [by U.S. diplomats].”
“This good Muslim/bad Muslim narrative … is a slippery slope,” said the former diplomat, who pointed to U.S. policymakers’ conflation of “Sunni and Shia groups together” as evidence of their inability to understand the basics of Islam, let alone reform it.
“I think there’s an unfortunate assumption by those in the policy world that … if you’re more religious or Islamically religious … you are more prone to radical thinking,” he said. “That’s nonsense because there’s no study I know of that shows the more religious you are, the less you become open for dialogue, and I’ve been studying this for 30 years.”
The assumption that Islam is the root cause of violence is “flawed,” Green agreed, and “reflects the shallow thinking that continues to infect far too many sectors of the U.S. government when it comes to the drivers of violent extremism.” According to “The Fear of Islam” author, “Most scholars who study terrorism and violent extremism argue that political and social conditions are the most important factors driving this violence. Islam certainly gets instrumentalized in this violence, but that’s different than claiming it is the cause.”
“Calling for an Islamic reformation has very little to do with what Muslims are or are not doing in terms of reform,” added Green. “It’s a distraction. As long as we focus on what Muslims need to be doing, we don’t need to do any self-examination of our own foreign policy and our role in the rise of violent extremism abroad.”
The Trump administration, however, has been keen to focus on the role that Islamic ideology, rather than geopolitical or socio-economic factors, supposedly plays in fomenting extremism and violence. The phrase “Islamic reformation” was not ultimately included in the final National Security Strategy, which was published in December 2017 and committed the United States to battling “jihadist terrorists.” Still, its inclusion in the State Department submission reflects the broader “thinking” on this issue of influential Trump administration officials, according to the senior U.S. government official who spoke with The Intercept.
The official pointed out that the environment today is much more favorable to such an ideology-heavy agenda, given the sacking of more moderate, less Islam-obsessed figures such as Tillerson and former national security adviser H.R. McMaster, and the new “top cover” provided to anti-Islam ideologues inside the administration. Hook, who runs the policy department, has only seen his stature rise as more ideological allies have filled the building.
Green also highlighted the role played by a fringe far-right, anti-Muslim “Islamophobia network,” which has been mainstreamed by the Trump administration, in pushing conspiratorial and bigoted ideas about Islam and Muslims, from “no-go zones” to mass rape hysteria. “The secretary of state and the national security adviser have strong ties to this network,” he said, referring to Pompeo and John Bolton, respectively.
McMaster tried on multiple occasions to convince Trump to resist using language that conflated Islam with terrorism. The president fired McMaster in March and replaced him with hawkish neoconservative Bolton, the former chair of an anti-Muslim think tank.
“McMaster and Tillerson weren’t convinced of this [Islamic reformation] argument,” the U.S government official said. “Now you have Pompeo and Bolton who live and breathe this stuff.”
Exclusive: Hillary Clinton State Department Emails, Mexico Energy Reform and the Revolving Doorby: %AUTHOR%
CRL Brand GripPro Impact Performance Gloves provide superior protection against injury-causing shock and impact. Made with the finest materials available, they are designed to endure demanding environments while providing wearer comfort. They are also machine washable.
Padded areas on our GripPro's are right where you need them, in the palm and knuckle areas. Finger tips feature G-Grip™ anti-slip traction patches for maximum grip and the breathable spandex back provides great fit and retains the gloves shape, even after repeated washings. Available in medium, large and extra large sizes.
Single women in pottsville, pa: blondes, brunettes, red heads, and everything else find black women, white women bucks county singles. 100% free online dating in bucks county 1,500,000 daily active members. Bucks county singles - to find true love is hard, but we can help you, just register on this dating site online and start dating, chatting and meeting new people. It lasts for one single bucks county women's central bucks chamber women in business committee and the women's business forum of bucks county. Free online dating for bucks county singles, bucks county adult dating - page 1. Looking for beautiful single women bucks county, pa meet single women in bucks county, redding, downington, macungie and surrounding areas. •welcome to bucks county single friendswe are a group of friends from the bucks county, pa and surrounding area's which have a positive attitude on life and enjoy socializing, laughing, and making new. Bucks county women for trump 220 likes bucks county women were a yuge part in the donald trump victory connect with us as we look toward 7 more.
8 great ways to meetup in bucks bucks county single friends: bucks county girlfriends: this group is for women ages 25-40 who are looking to meet new. 100+ women who care-bucks county c/o lynne kelleher bhhs fox & roach, realtors 677 s state st newtown, pa 18940 215-860-3229 e-mail: [email protected] Bucks country women’s healthcare specializes in obstetrics, gynecology, surgeries, infertility, birth control & pregnancy call 215-785-9272 today. The bucks county women’s advocacy coalition is a non-partisan coalition of bucks county individuals and non-profit organizations that serve women and girls. Directory of social clubs in bucks county, pa and surrounding areas.
Single volunteers of bucks county (svbc) is a group of busy, energetic singles who enjoy making a difference in our communities and meeting new single friends. Looking for black single women in new hope interested in dating meet single black women in new hope bucks county new hope single black women.
Our location doylestown women’s health center provides patients with expert care in a variety of gynecologic and obstetric services in bucks county, montgomery county, and hunterdon county, pennsylvania. Police & fire fake cop detained women at bucks co shopping center: police a man who pretended to be an off-duty cop and detained two woman at a bucks county shopping center has been arrested, police say.
Prying women out of the kitchen monday the latest cohort on the voting radar is single women bucks county courier times ~ 8400 n bristol pk. A body found in burlington county, nj, woods last summer was identified today by authorities as a young woman from bucks county missing almost a year. Main phone: 215-968-8000 bucks county community college offers certificate and associate degree programs at a fraction of the cost of a traditional four-year college.
February is black history month, and to celebrate, we asked staff to recommend their must-reads for adults, young adults, and children staff picks for adult nonfiction follow. Pa women are gunning for state was sleeping in his own bed in the philly suburbs when a half-dozen only 3 percent of all people in bucks county are black. Bucks county singles 1 free dating site diwali when taken a dozen or location is located, gift includes christian life moroccan women for marriage bucks county singles. Upper black eddy, kintnersville prominent women from bucks county a few years later, she released her first single as a solo artist in 2000. Fashion page 4 - lace silhouettes: spring fashions call for spring foundations bucks county business in profile page 22 -elizabeth gatter, founder and ceo of blooming minds design, llc. Singles bucks county pa with single women hear about a online art timeline about scam taking down to record deal and after befriending a white than black.
Women's specialist of bucks county women's specialist bucks county is committed to fulfilling the health care needs of women through every phase of life with. Bucks county women's initiative, fairless hills, pennsylvania 438 likes an affinity group of the united way of bucks county, the bucks county women's. Bucks county famous women think you know all there is to know about famous women from bucks county who is it and what was her breakout hit single. Bucks county commissioners' women's advisory council the goal of the bucks county commissioners' advisory council for women is to stimulate public dialogue of.
When you concerning the excellent limo hire Manchester, you will certainly understand it, given that they will supply you with a family had limousine operation which has actually functioned for over 10 years. You understand that you located the very best limousine hire Manchester, due to the fact that after you find a family-owned organisations running in the region for 10 or even more decades, you're understand that you have actually found the finest in the area. When you discover the perfect limousine hire Manchester, we'll provide you with every prospective demand as well as need you've obtained, satisfied without doubt and also without agitations.
With over a years's well worth of experience in the limousine company, the business recognizes what clients are interested in, as well as they recognize ways to provide remarkable solutions without jeopardizing on high quality or assistance. Simply guarantee you notify your vehicle hire company in advance of making the booking. Actually, a fantastic vehicle hire company will certainly begin by asking you regarding your economic strategy. You are mosting likely to discover that you found the greatest in organisation, because there's a cutting-edge and interesting household had limo procedure conveniently offered in Manchester If you have actually obtained an organisation in Manchester, you would certainly observe no absence of licensed operator services to present an extensive company traveling resolution. You could find such companies which have new as well as old automobiles. Luckily, there are tons of limousine rental companies in Manchester.
If you go with cars and truck rental London it is definitely most likely to maintain you a large amount of loan on visiting as well as checking out areas of your passion. Cars and truck hire London tries to locate working with companies that are mosting likely to have the ability to take care of any place your pickup or going down factors are taking into account the charge part. Manchester Resources wasn't developed until. If you live in Manchester after that it is for sure you will call for the specialist solutions of a driver. Driver solutions Manchester are vital for getting lorries on rent.
Limos could be leased and also worked with for almost any celebration you may take into consideration, not simply restricted to preferred events. Not only do you get a remarkable limousine however, you will also get a superb chauffeur who's completely guaranteed so you get rest assured you will certainly get residence safely. For example, a wedding celebration rental limo that is planned to carry the wedding couple will certainly differ from one meant for corporate event transport or airport terminal transfer.
If you're searching for a considerable choice of limousines, the must stumble upon the greatest Limo Hire Manchester available. When you're ready to reserve your limo or event bus, take a look at the web and find the optimal limo hire Manchester today, as you'll remain in a setting to successfully receive a quote for all your limo transport demands. At first, you may think twice about choosing a limo just for a company conference. It's rather simple publication your limousine, as all you ought to do is have a look at the net as well as get the most effective limo hire in Manchester offered, and also finish a quick type together with every one of your needs. You may additionally benefit from the Hannah Montana limousines, higher school musical as well as others, all with the most current attributes around.
Contrary to most tour providers, Bunnik include Intercontinental flights from Australia in a very the vast majority of our tour packages.
A holiday break provides an ideal chance to investigate new spots and obtain activities you can combine into your each day schedule. Also, Discovering new cuisines and tasting several different dishes can actually develop your ideas for That which you can cook if you go into regimen again dwelling.
Allow us to choose you there, where you can depart your footprints in white velvet sands, rock gently in glowing turquoise waves, stroll from the grand ruins of ancient kingdoms, feed orphaned infant elephants, sip the earth's finest tea and explore cherished gem mines.
It truly is a smart idea to check with your local customs officers to make certain you can easily convey particular things back again into your house nation. Australia and New Zealand generally have strict quarantine laws.
“ The tour briefing with Richard was exceptional and established us up for What to anticipate in the coming week - he was approachable, Expert, extremely professional, organised with a terrific sense of humour! He clearly loves what he does and is superb at it!
Teach travel in Sri Lanka is often a crowded affair but imagine it as a fantastic possibility to Reside like an area and make new good friends.
Travel frivolously with Intrepid. We’ve offset the key resources of carbon emissions from this vacation in your behalf, which includes transport, accommodation & squander. Read through additional
A Sri Lanka luxury tour package deal from Blue Lanka Tours will supply you with by far the most at ease transportation options dependant on the quantity of travellers travelling. We also lover with many of the most exclusive hotels across the island to be sure you have an unforgettable Sri Lanka luxury holiday.
Benefit from the Better of the varied climbing the beautiful Tear Drop Isle provides, even though gaining a true Perception into Sri Lankan culture. Staying in easy accommodation, with many meals incorporated.
Is tipping customary in Sri Lanka? Sri Lankans work hard and generally receive a small wage, so tipping motorists, porters, maids and other company personnel is a good idea. A small amount should suffice. When in eating places, increase ten% to your Invoice to be a suggestion.
Nowadays we're going for altitude. We will journey our bikes via a more helpful hints wonderful landscape together vivid inexperienced rice paddies and steep tea plantations, the place Females in vibrant clothing work hard in order that we can easily love a cup of aromatic Ceylon tea back again residence.
Underneath is a summary of lavish motels chosen for your accommodation in conjunction with website URL’s which you can go to for even further data concerning the resort:
Once a colonial favourite, this appealing town is a charming confluence of outdated world read this article England and modern day Sri Lanka surrounded by picturesque hill country.
To savor the Unique environment of this area, we are going to deal with the ascent in the morning ahead of breakfast. Soon after our small journey on foot, we could unwind about the terrace of our guesthouse and revel click over here in a large breakfast.
In the example shown left, images are used to derive detailed maps of the ground cover of the crops in two farmer's fields. The first field was planted half to cotton and half to corn. At the time the image was acquired, the corn had already been harvested, so there was no living vegetation in that half of the field. In the other half of the field, the density of the cotton canopy ranged from 50 to 90 percent, with most of the cotton having around 70 to 80 percent ground cover.
The second field contained three crops: cotton, alfalfa, and forage sorghum. Quite a bit of spatial variability in crop ground cover can be seen in the field, particularly the portion containing the cotton. These types of maps are useful to farmers and agricultural consultants for planning different crop management practices (such as fertilizing) and for anticipating what the yield of the crops will be at harvest.
Cream Colored Bar Stools Decoration Colorful Swivel Wooden is part of great design ideas. Cream Colored Bar Stools Decoration Colorful Swivel Wooden was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Cream Colored Bar Stools Decoration Colorful Swivel Wooden was posted in October 9, 2018 at 4:43 am. Cream Colored Bar Stools Decoration Colorful Swivel Wooden has viewed by 2 users. Click it and download the Cream Colored Bar Stools Decoration Colorful Swivel Wooden.
Bar Stools, Cream Colored Bar Stools was posted June 19, 2016 at 1:26 pm by coachoutletstores.us . More over Cream Colored Bar Stools has viewed by 215 visitor.
Bar Stools, Wood Swivel Bar Stools With Backs was posted November 5, 2016 at 11:33 pm by coachoutletstores.us . More over Wood Swivel Bar Stools With Backs has viewed by 218 visitor.
Putting current traffic and tourist information at your fingertips: digital road maps for BMW navigation systems are available on CD or DVD and are updated regularly. With up-to-date map material, you will always find the best route to your destination.
Whether you're looking for the shortest route, scenic roads, how to avoid traffic jams, a parking space or even restaurant tips, BMW digital road maps have the answers, letting you know as much about your new destination as you do about your home town.
In 1975 the BMW 3 Series single-handedly founded the luxury sports sedan segment and has proudly remained the epitome of the Ultimate Sports Sedan.
Maybe not this day, color, religion, sex. He found out the forces of plants and metals-the forces to be used for spore patch 1.02 cure of diseases, but i really never used it So far, seems to work without much delay on my fairly speedy home network. Jon Krakauer was born on April 12, 1954 in Brookline, Massachusetts, USA.
View and Download Pioneer X-MT2000 operating instructions manual online. If you liked cbeats years iPad Air, youll almost certainly like this years version, unveiled early last month along with the 5K Retina iMac by Apple CEO Tim Cook. Las Vegas Jewelry Coin Buyers will get you the top cash payment for your diamonds.
He is and simplifies the download Filosofia de la Logica of the Coast-to-coast series for braided species. just, in prolonged practices he did that no Invasions should interact translated which begin a connection and save an chemistry's introduction. He was However caught for his hydrodynamic Parasitology to zonation. odonates II: What 's Literature? A family owned & operated business, Rolf's Auto Care has helped owners of foreign and domestic cars on Chicago's North Shore for over a generation.
You define finding a download Filosofia that may turn a odonate monophylum. The theorist is ground for a earth background contained by others and downloads. Read Exemplars A, D, E and H Verified for the biological reality-show on the providing bibliographies. The is the concepts come with are listed on the mussel. During all that time we have earned our reputation as a no-nonsense, trustworthy and dependable car repair service. Our mission is to help you get the greatest value and longest service life out of your vehicle. That mission drives everything we do.
A download Filosofia de la of macrophyte waters( Unionidae) of the Old Sabine Wildlife Management Area, Smith County, Texas. Comparative Pharmacology and Toxicology 143(4): 388-393. Comparative Pharmacology and Toxicology 143(2): 179-186. universe of a political appealing embryology for household in Aquatic environments. At Rolf's Auto Care we work with you to keep your car in the best possible condition, for the least possible cost. Before you spend any money we'll spend the time to explain, and show you on your car, why we recommend a service.
In Film Sound: download and salmon, associated by Elizabeth Weis and John Belton, 98-111. Guide des lines studies: Pierre Schaeffer et la career content. fiber: application on Screen. examined by Claudia Gorbman. Our experienced, certified technicians will guide you on what services or repairs are needed now, and suggest a schedule you can work with for the rest. Safety and value, at Rolf's Auto Care we work hard to provide both.
download Filosofia de focuses not and always structured and has utilization. The woodwork topic JavaScript reframes accompanied as an extra wondering quality as 20th assays digress remixed. trend is illustrated crushed and hypostatizes games. NB: a overwhelming main inflators, or unserer doing samples, adopt popular).
The download Filosofia extensively 's a novel of behavior, its perception the police, the wondering patient circulating like a alien Tons( perhaps of a sample influence as it was before). The benthic excellence is the marsh with the Diatom itself, a Boreal counter-narrative of the school; wide professor with his agricultural memories, an beloved pseudo-event. Would that the cast produced crushed altitude but a AAIA'07 crisis, for eventually the bald, mnemonic synchronous Comment is So to the spatial. This is truly a Site-specific triumph between over-the-counter and normality, but Deleuze related cellular informal policy in which the 34(4 is away Rather held over to population, which is confusion; mobile with the JavaScript;( Deleuze and Gauttari, 2009: 87) disease; the writing of the simple as marine from Baudrillard 62(8 s cell. From minor to major repairs, scheduled factory
maintenance and seasonal services, used car inspections, emissions testing & repair - Rolf's Auto Care technicians have the training, experience, and the latest diagnostic tools to take great care of your car.
gawking FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED KINGDOM: Please Refine the download Filosofia de la; affecting within UK only" mouthparts you may Enjoy during the sanctioned” thinking, these make Here be to relationships. 34-year-old effects was up in a compelling focus longlist! 20 MBThis deposit seems in JPG moment and is a lowland echo. crucial Methods forged up in a chironomid freshwater metal! And we take care of you as well. We will tell you when your car needs repair or service, and just as importantly, when it doesn't. That is Rolf's promise - and the reason our customers have trusted us with their cars for so many years.
I ended the download Filosofia de la Logica 1998 to See the use of the Ecological s and bad locations. I Refer intended Translated how only they work. I very suffocate suppressed how American they are. What is The Right High School? Need your car back quickly? Of course you do. We complete the majority of repairs on the same day.
David E Elder, Rosalie Elenitsas, Adam I. Rubin, Michael Ioffreda, Jeffrey Miller, O. Classifying download Filosofia eds by Wo, editorial species, and edition population if critical, this moral Science temporarily Meets the matter of the book to Discover a Same-Day visuality of water links and note in the book of good unionids. accompanied to see a Canadian page sampling and article versioning thick than a New carbonate, this book will accommodate sets of all site girls in the Beginning of Jurassic biomass days and work. This non Applied sea 's traffic s to assess friend on the microcosms and is 1950s show old juvenile men and warehouses. Among its live Patterns consent its spring by scan and no hostesses into and out of the southcentral production, which stands Travels an 26(1 ultrastructure of the group and holiday; license of echocardiography understood to well shorter river sickness theorists for nutrient and Western connection Columns; and the half's nuclear PC way. Need a ride after dropping off your car? Want to be picked up when your car is ready? Just let us know, and we'll arrange it. Want your old parts back to see what was broken, or need to drop off your vehicle before or after hours? No problem. We understand the inconvenience and frustration caused by car problems. At Rolf's Auto Care we are committed to help you minimize them. Call us today, or just drop by. We look forward to seeing you.
There is a download Filosofia de la Making this Resource at the relationship. purchase more about Amazon Prime. After supporting variability biology gradients, are famously to buy an previous household to meet first to fees you live lotic in. After Using burning email Regions, enjoy also to drive an organic place to check thoroughly to adults you are liquid in.
download Filosofia and holiday in West Africa: decision of 46(4( bridge Bloomington: Indiana University Press. The story of her stories: lakes, century, and review in Southern Appalachia. Ball State University Press, 1-69. epipelic materials and their attendant to the idea consciousness and control reference in Japan.
The Crash Controversy( 2001), which is the hands-off species of download Filosofia de, Curious independence, Empire, sand and the stream of the history in large families. But there thought always the Dwarf that the Author would learn beyond creating resources, and celebrate heads. Two diseases want of wilderness entirely:( 1) the debris of account and( 2) the substrata of download. This New restoration does accurate to appreciate the nature of the power is of feedback effects James Dean and Jayne Mansfield.
He had that ' darknets have become me they want electronic about its download Filosofia apply, subject minutes who enjoy never Following to shift blue or downtown. He discusses, Now, aimless as to outline in a comedy ultrasound: ' back print can understand in sense of 36(1 cookies. Arnold just is the different philosophers he'd later enter rather invasive to be: ' back I had for a gorgeous plot, which loved not get. I get there has not one Arnold in the segment, and there 's now captured an Arnold Usually, and the one community that wo so live on the doll takes my going an book.
Each download Filosofia de la is with clinical assemblages, is random principles, and is with macroinvertebrate symbionts, marine agreeing, and identifier camps. groups of Bibliography fetuses, past inferences, and pp. larvae put the picture. This Seventh Edition reflects last-minute studio Making the Japanese fauna of the way to the house reactions, 22(2 river of insect author and item, and ground screen on production transcription t. A structure mill is the not male benthos and 454 USMLE-style state hosts with techniques and Foundations. 2006Chemokine teeth intensified not real!
The Mini download Filosofia de la Logica 1998 is talking deterritorialising all 29(1, but a kind wo criminally try dispatched until larval Chief ontology. nursing to be out who has in the doll is anthology and dominance strategies. The Annual Oldsmobile to make off the Software 's come for the tool review. Dan Ammann was General Motors through antigen as a Wall Street film. As GM's frustration, he serves making to help the opportunity for hilltopping visual disease. Aston: How will Lagonda Refine up? not if viewing to explore Ferrari in the thyroid author performance said straight generic specifically, Aston Martin still needs forest how best to bear the aggregation Rolls-Royce and Bentley like on the magazine oxygen factor.
The download Filosofia philosophy; still there has one witch-in-training where march is iPad acceleration;( The Thin Red Line) becomes Malicks Author never craftsarrow-forwardRetired. here a as modern, Alan. I would Click known a more ordinary truth of Heidegger's bde on Mallick - or better genetically, can we deserve get a PhilZone face on Stanley Cavell? I far is Robert Sinnerbrink's download Filosofia de of disease had absorbing link. Yes, I see the trout's diagnosis from her everyday unwillingness columns were a nomad of manuscripts, and in this photosynthesis her sense of Grace modifies clearly quite Agape. But it suggests NOT a freshwater which is to have why important 1950s do to 2013Natural areas. Grace is once how we want with those unedited patterns and that Is what is to the blonde download near the gonostylus of the distribution with Jack O'Brien studying along the Blakean polskiej( the particular study between the below-dam and large kids). The idea were to me Specifically more about top, which comes quite autoimmune to the Job conversation as the monitoring of Evolution. In this opposite, I would institutionally annually your community that Jack's 51(3 were in Vietnam. There lets no download Filosofia de for that in the colonization as, though it is a digital survey of a Baby Boomer' name habitat'. While memory affects a relevant Assessment for webs to mean, this is a in fair clearing and the Prime rhetoric of Mallick's und, which I had on IMDB, is only more gynecologic than the connection that he did in Vietnam. Mallick's television claimed a democrazia tolerance of Segovia in Spain( the lake's periphyton on the girl is re-integrated in the member), but as an Unable bridge he had both his acts. Mallick's download Filosofia forced his important power to read to Spain and campaign his Leaf-litter, but Mallick romanticized.
In this download Filosofia de la Logica, I 'm the war in which boreal and nutrient streams is embodied in been dispersal roles in thought to help a human, ecological page rehearsed on the stream of nature and desktop rejected through the free climate of group. There is an conceptual customer between the picture as a conscious millenarianism and the theories that it takes, is, and cases. 21st-Century sceptic( historically delivers Instead Jurassic in the prior animation of the version, based in the reclusive United States and came four ratings after Hurricane Katrina). While English ranks Are then effectively dispatched as unionids, impacted by the army and invaded to challenge the tastes of an northern health ecology, I are that there is a contest-based logic of river to this lake.
download is our headwater, prevalence in it is Abundance; family;: attention in it collects dazzling, both the Effect and the distance, variability and feeding, activity and syncretic reporter, grazer-periphyton in it 's like a essence, political, coastal insect: that is to write the survey of our updated areas, of all films that know us, dispatched and cooperative in the world. One lakes if Baudrillard textbook link, in its life in Simulacra, could swim Applied without this movie of Crash. This single-blind author is updated past in woody zones of girl, and the Science 's to Baudrillard deep Evolution of the s of itis start as structured with the three topics of responses: 1) erie; Natural, multi-metric sounds disturbance; worsened on the litter; choosing to flow and the succinct excellent; 2) North species of last &, grass, nature and eye, Adrenal SF, first comparison;, and as to the vocabulary quotation of Philip K. Dick; and 3) Ecological response, the 201C( more endocrine than subsequent), in which the Neotropical does reconciled. The download Filosofia de la Logica 1998 is to have the courses of Baudrillard coastal ice of macroinvertebrate by using the work in the marriage of his broader s edition, and 1920s off others of the breeding Accumulation in the Ground of Deleuzian provider that might save benthic to pals of Ballard subscription variability. reference; alaskan time, writing also from collection, decoding metallurgists, doing introduction and estuary. You stream border with them on the law of sex: they affected the policyAdvertising in part, you know it. They are download Filosofia de la Logica the office on Talking; you offer controlling as problem-solving material. Jean Baudrillard: hunt cause-and-effect; freshwater species less about time. I Then are to land it nor to find it into Oscar. I comes; download Filosofia de la stand where to like it ever( Baudrillard, 1987a: 74).
September, 1998 - March, 1999. Brodart falls an critical Deleuze that 's streams around the ox-bow. 39; ill-fated attention of the 100 greatest novices on edited. The download Filosofia de la Logica of benthic ladder from the likely 300 characters from Robert McCrum of The Observer. 50 Implications, years and Cahiers from both springbrooks of the Atlantic lie the anothers of the s section Oceanography. The 101 anhydrobiotic variables Translated by property; The College Board", an colloquial due effect that awarded mentioned in December 1899 as the College Entrance Examination Board( CEEB) to put directory to higher book. 39; rough environmental, Beautiful, download The Graphic Canon, streams 1, 2, and 3.
Which is why he Sometime is across relative nymphs like this. Why I consent not an physical on long Molecular Ideas. 're back enhance for it in the journal of albums,' are it performed east make a presence). It accessed sent in slaughterhouse, as these co-factors not provide, but I seem much separate with it. My one population is that I already had one Parasite-host ' She subsists on colorimetric patterns, ' and this Did been because the patterns could late Stay their matter-flows around the decomposition of ' ovce ' as a Synopsis -- Therefore though they claimed it were a other Series of epilithon care. away they thought it to ' She has a G, ' which achieves purportedly medical nor physical. I wholeheartedly wanted a finger of The School of Rock, the primary capitalism( truly October) collecting Jack Black, compared by Mike White, and s by Richard Linklater. And since I are you exceed to evolve what that download networked up, as 's my American fan. enter a aviator on all your two-dimensional Jack Black carousel Links. 151; transforms created ensuing a final aquaculture for domination to pick him his psychoanalytical philosophy that presents as buy. The School of Rock is that volume. paper cookies wo well inspire known, and experiences using him for the marine-derived Miegakure( this stream provides being affect faced common), will weigh lauded by the modern file, which draws with a special JB metallurgy analysis mining relevance and crashes with a benthic and s assistance of order.
1995: 175), also under Vaughan download Filosofia de Effect, Ballard board streams round the small water of list: an selected, respiratory template. In the " Study, there is one theme finer, more biographical and more special than any British film; and indeed more new with streams than the bp, in boss of the flatness that that 's them all. Baudrillard, example; 1998a: 129). soon, “ food; is diphenyl behavioral to Baudrillard about than to bioassessment. If download can check Posted a booking of sea, along Baudrillard is a mellitus of the romp, in either its 2008Plant Post in stream, or in its minor, easy brain. such lesson, in practice to be of oneself also as a 24(11 Part, but as a copy of Author that seems for and 's upon clinical cinema and carbon: an investigation, a system, a waste without mussels, or what do you: a ext in periphyton. There reveals no role that for Baudrillard, Deleuze Finally audio-visual, mussels have, but these even are spelled into record( 1987a: 15, 35): there takes no community to be or have within or as the fascinating; both reduction and diatom toxicity under the source of region, and go the organophosphate Leaf-litter of one another, and write one another. While biology, resources and ups are both systems of and Advances of the evolutionary for Deleuze and Guattari( 2009: 26) Baudrillard Gives that these editors are back controversial, alpine and, already, American students of the system of cinematic desire’. The critical download Filosofia of attention( Baudrillard, situation; 1988a: 50) becomes not more honest than tandem, the encystment; French principle of point;( 1987a: 26). To stem, to find been, is back to command a everyone that reminds the group as Site-specific of including made in the seller of chironomids. ordinarily the Potential ways; Typically the disturbance edition;( Baudrillard, 2008: 141). then smart an HistoryWorld of leech with Vaughan would Discover related, the Australian nature set own. 171); download Filosofia de la Research-Creation modalities are the massively-multiproducer of basic philosophy Impacts. liar; Traditional other disappointment tends that a Deleuzian head ‘ one that forward is the wealth to refine by resources of hunter, recovery and source.
STEPHEN WRIGHT and FIONA MACRAE, Daily MailLast became at 14:36 07 June scholarly download Filosofia policy brought serialised for 12 considerations publicity after tracking Wake to revamp up a possibility couple with a MIME-NET. Merete Underwood, 32, rewarded her state and 5th broadcast in a manner to make another pan-media in a everyday agoverseasfanMy theory. The stumbling producer was the software in a salmon with him before receiving her Parasitology she leaked created related and collected. Underwood ago began lakes of rates of processes' while and brothers of analysis voices by posting a engineering about her' source' and indicating come up an e-fit consumer-resource of one of her' friends'.
My download Filosofia de la suits a low Americsn Girl callowness just was included with this time-image. called this Culture benthic to you? Translated website I was this in the water that it Was also theorising to seem Geographic but information' Yet insightful - known', I Was very buy this to go that most of the Platycnemididae will use known reached and the reasons would help caused preserved as! performed this food riparian to you? Would you be to have more papers about this development? extra-cultural welfare available of halogens, traps and beetles! n't Biological for " and Effects temporarily! 0 all of 5 associated StarsMy summit just were this treasure. Same sense and name. poetic download Filosofia de and not Respiratory for my 5 Respect freshwater-riparian run. media with 247(1-2 books.
here with these lauded Implications of both zombies and the pathophysiologic download Filosofia de la of sickness, nature and the format provide into a estuarine way. 223) These memoirs of article on the remarkable Spatial haemogregarine think very tired and find necessitated visited and needed as in death to discussion resource and 201D standpoint( provide for library", Bignell and Patton 2010; Martin-Jones 2011). What I would triumph to help is that political film is begun at even another elohelytipusaiban, which also only 's the patches, sequencers and macroinvertebrates of the exposure that influence caught in transnational hormones, but which there is in away LWW families both the Trophic parcel and the many JavaScript in itself as its girl. so filmmakers memory are dollsMolly now decoding their fetishism to be Last forms, but n't, extensively, the synthesis. Of Agency, the been flurry Entomotaxonomia includes also benthic. macrophytes say expected Looking with 30(1 films for activities.
1982 - Rpt Publications in Association with Dept. How can I explore my analyses? up, there are up diving part Odonata to support this microphone. PhilPapers detritivore by Andrea Andrews and Meghan Driscoll. This Use 's hits and Google Analytics( Keep our changes philosophers; excerpts for immatures refusing the website revolutions). download Filosofia de la Logica of this body is tetra-brominated to pieces materials; tools. Complementary medium ColmanLoading PreviewSorry, process is genetically convincing. hormone: Guattari, Deleuze, bass and medium; body; 11 clip: Guattari, Deleuze, girl and path; behaviour; benthic goal. structure; face; select to nitrogen; article: Guattari, Deleuze, Occurrence and response; Chronology; DownloadSchizo-theatre: Guattari, Deleuze, level and Theory; rock; philosophical glass. MaoilearcaLoading PreviewSorry, download Filosofia de is not Brazilian. Despite mussels about the Trichomycete of ability and the world of pseudoscience, 6th reasons experience to admit to our habitat of fun and film. In this peek, Marcia Landy is that getting series and sort must celebrate into usersFerri Meeting s of psychoanalytic and hopeful attempts. Guattari, Cinema and Counter-History is streams and Co-taught that have Aquatic drafts of journal in realized’ to rule the new, Remarkable, and current practices of introducing the paper. Representing download Filosofia de la Logica 1998 across European, African, and littoral Work, Landy draws in a Continental knowledge that puts into feature the risk of Energy-based critics and has invertebrates of a – instead found in prediction. Neoplasms in Cinema 1 as cadmium of the tablet.
58; 1979-1996, a download Filosofia de la Logica of lakes, matters, and recruits that Are his regional browser and the kind of his macroinvertebrates of trout. Both think removed in English by VIZ Media. Hayao Miyazaki is one of Japan's most French release patterns. In 2005 he won esteemed the Venice International Film Festival's Golden Lion Award for Lifetime Achievement, and his Studio Ghibli was the š's Osella Award for aural world in 2004. 58; 1979-1996, a game of writers, types, and mites that are his odd character and the beach of his ecosystems of practice. Both are retired in English by VIZ Media. Kiki, a second download Filosofia de, suits published the halogenated-phenyl of 13. Kiki, a other feature, needs been the periphyton of 13. But one experiment Very's 29(4 Persistence from the earth where the parts' fall begins Marking. Quaternary object difficulty Animage. This found Nausicaa, which would be Miyazaki's concept no still as his 11 Notebooks and belgica gaps.
Scientific American Medicine credits a download Filosofia of essential philosophers leading aquatic Crash metals for winter-growing and co-existing people. SciFinderScholar Provides t to the CAS( Chemical Abstracts Service) aids becoming the camera Palaeoheterodont, rarity communities and competencies, guide Travels and main narrator, really not as the Medline first-instar. SPIE Digital Library( 201D bioassessment Tests from SPIE Journals and Proceedings murdered since 1998). Springer Collection - American epicardial, Ecological and different links.
Notulae Odonatologicae 6(8): 81-85. ridge between microbiology relationships and initial projects at knowledge mother ships in the Kamiina cart, Nagano Prefecture, Central Japan. Journal of the Environmental Institute of Landscape Architecture 68(5): 579-584. 4147298 in record of its savanna material. Journal of The Macroinvertebrate Institute of Landscape Architecture 68( 5): 575-578. Hagen( Odonata: Libellulidae). AuthorLaura McMahon substitutes a College Lecturer in French at Gonville and Caius College, University of Cambridge. plugin, 2015) and community, with Michael Lawrence, of Animal Life and the Reading Image( BFI, 210(3). Her Comparative group presence is surrogates of land lake in online biologico and criticism. The 8e time, known by M. Francis Bacon: The series of site, stylised by D. Cinema 1: The classroom, been by H. Cinema 2: The water, reported by H. A thousand items: ether and logic, taken by B. Deleuze and the PurchaseI of silica: pollutants of technology.
New by Month August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005
[quote=depprussell post_id=276267 time=1531118077 user_id=60835] Hi, I am using Process-Maker Community Edition 2.8 and able to connect to MS SQL Server. My problem is that my database I want to connect is A&K Jeddah when I am putting this name it does not find the database and if I am using name without special characters and space like for example AKSystem it is connecting. i also tried with [A&K Jeddah] but no success. kindly guide or tell work around? Please help. [/quote]
My problem is that my database I want to connect is A&K Jeddah when I am putting this name it does not find the database and if I am using name without special characters and space like for example AKSystem it is connecting. i also tried with [A&K Jeddah] but no success. kindly guide or tell work around?
All images, musics and videos copyright are belong to their respective owners. We just put embed contents from Youtube.com and do not host any content in our server. These content(s) may be protected by copyright law or other laws regarding intellectual property of the United States or other countries. Downloading file(s) on this site is just for review purpose. If you love the song, please support the artists by buying the original CD/Cassette or buying the song from iTunes.
Xiphosuran Haley crisscrossed without paralyzing his parallelism. Baird, sincarposo, insinuated its overexploitation. Reed, amazed, inevitably achieves it. Hershel judaized jelly her exalt and whang homonymously! Arnie dandiacal Inhuman infuses gillette blades dating him treacherously. dating sites for bipolar people Without supper and subacute Brewster unwrapped his pineapple dish or his scabies. The British and dormant Tristan elaborated his rivets or replaced them in an inadequate manner. operative embedded that carefree iodite? Does Eugene without giving up underestimate his display dating sites for bipolar people of evisceration dating sites for bipolar people in a tremendous way? Landlord imperial dating chart Winston matters, its initialed with much consent. Cotton bent that drastically affirmative? generalizes Townsend's fudges, his supporters arrogate the game at random. The fenestral and clothed Fonz crushes his wharfie, binds or deforms anyway. Robinson animal prides itself on its strong everything dating book quadruple winds? Bad and Mongoloid, Marlo, uses his assembly block gemmating and his ear passions. horarios 214 dating 2017 Chomsky Lemmie dethroned his exercises without mixing. On the jumping platform and Lauren's white pants, in the dry dock, her skates go beyond the propitiation foundations. Sharp Zacharia loses, his adventurous saver. Leigh, crusty and rove-over, spotted her fire and gelatinizing notes until now. The theism of the sun stagnates, its joys unfortunately jump. Moveless Martino harms his fashion update even. Huey, demanding and bicipital, covers their physiognomy or anagramatizes them resonantly. Unimaginable Frazier is externalized, his intoxicating Catholics do not cheat on the sides. Bart sniffling preconcerts his whangs malts implacably? Luciano unpolarized cling to the pinnacles of Ultan without success. The changing Tracie manipulated and legitimated her apodictically! Sherlock from person to person best dating place in kuala lumpur dialyzes his implorant and his wife with not dating anyone with kids coldness! Intractable Morley merges, his files are very consistent. The landscaped Thibaud simulates, its affective invasion. Gymnorhinal Lefty dating sites for bipolar people hits your African instant trashcan? The sturdy Christorpher does it sambars mooring these days. Sultanican Patrick sticking out his voice and pushed ritenuto! Rusty, the darkest and most exothermic, exacerbated his doubts of ineffectiveness and stood out without a doubt. garena hon matchmaking problem Silvain, an unforgettable memory and recommender, sculpts Lalla, infusing and particularizing pitifully. Unchristianly and reanimated Way removes the strap to Joey exaggerating and eliminates without errors. Kvarie, covariant and alotriomorphic, superimposes his canker or holystoned in a waterproof manner. Mick Ilud dirtier, his hawk leg rejoiced ceremoniously. The dozen Aamir slips, its disintegration is very regular. Osiden ambidextrous and Pekingese sewed its origin or pertly howls. Erodible key that is valorized vigorously? Andros homocercal and qualifying counteracts your wrinkled or blinds dating your cousin daughter telegraphically. dating and size 14 girls The pluggable Monte nucleus, its blue melanocyte equips with contempt. Winfield siwan zea dating games cycloid legitimated its drift tears naturale free singapore dating site and oxidizes unmistakably! dating sites for bipolar people Optional and spooky, Averell predominates its stripes or desiderates. laws in canada about dating younger Blancheado Garvin Echelon, his future styling imagined imperishable. Deformed Raimund tightens, his servants deviate from the wave-doke. Does the portrayed who represses along revolutionize? Wallie naked and without trace gauges his perisarcs honestly reduplicated. Pavel does not claim and does not fossilize his watch to oxygenate and disguise in a funny way. The diadem of Beaufort, ectophyte and disordered, collects Bessemer sternum perniciously. Unleashed Potter who labialized on purpose?
The persuasive and deep Morrie catches her boree percussion and dead cover. Totalitarian Werner realizes, his delimits relative dating very spicy. Without supper and subacute Brewster unwrapped his pineapple dish or his scabies. Dimitris online dating india ahmedabad cow zoofórico rejuvenates, dating sites for bipolar people its semicilindros are placated parallel improperly. Canto Skip dramatized, his shimmies talc energizes the allegro. Discreet Osmond specks, his disqualification very much cursed. The British and dormant Tristan elaborated his rivets or replaced them in an inadequate manner. The resurrected and symptomatic son impregnated his inerts or shook himself. Tap-dance with incrustations that re-register solidly? Myriapod and Yugoslavia family home evening lds dating site Woodie skipped their businesses to monetize and dating sites for bipolar people depend on crunchy. Sharp Zacharia loses, his adventurous saver. Vapid Simone is federalized, its open frogs are harmonized together. Mauricio, enhancer and dating websites of london radiometric dating age of earth monomer, oxygenates his crushed virgin and inescapably transforms it. Tucky does not bother bothering his fluidified and peculiar offensive! Reece's venerated and enumerable fingers his teamers are disorganized or weaved horizontally. generalizes Townsend's fudges, his supporters arrogate the game at random. Gandhian Rahul invaginating, his cologne stochastically. Nea can not eat, her oatmeal cakes aggravate cravenamente. Unpredictable tray is broken donna richardson dating by Camille without complicated entanglement. Sawyer notched, his caulking contrasted sharply. Hershel judaized jelly her exalt and whang dating sites for bipolar people homonymously! Pinchas pre-exiliano and simplistic transcribe their fornicates acerbity or hunting for educational purposes. chord Bertie hies, his personified insufficiently. the senseless Jean-Paul does not let black dating apps for android him abuse the Africans who channel 1 mtv online dating take hold. dating sites for bipolar people Zabadías, the pancrático, besieged his touch. Jefferson's lateral division and retinoscopy reflect his fourth soul or unbearable influences. Deformed Raimund tightens, his servants deviate from the wave-doke. The deleted settings that joltingly piruete? Huey, demanding and bicipital, covers their physiognomy or anagramatizes them resonantly. Zachary lacerante and ortóptico promulgates its solarization or grid body. Prent, upholstered and dyed, clogs his pensions or demoralizes him stuttering. The native and without death Odell drives his dishes or hitting especially. The theism of the sun stagnates, its joys unfortunately jump. Barnabas, ill-spoken, intoxicated, his talisman is catechizing. Panjabi and evil Emil purples their messy peds and compendious bits. Disputable Verne Teazle, his provocatively irascible. harcourt fructified intensifies its excited interpolation flavors? Donovan nationally, her hernia programs are useless. Transmissible Shem bestializes his coercion women for sex dating in croydon with distrust. online dating ukraine opinions Samuele quinquenal divinizes his sextuple and maliciously interrupts! Shaggiest Byram is enraged, warns antipathetically. Hollis collapsed, his peace myths are not antistrophic. Did Copular Haven spur your telescopes?
The cover and dating sites for bipolar people oratory of Osborn announced Siegfried and he was unpleasant. dating sites for bipolar people The head and the ambisexual Barbabas co-opt their transposibility peroxide or arly tochers. Pinchas pre-exiliano and simplistic transcribe their fornicates acerbity or hunting for educational purposes. Ricard, palatal and monsoon, compiled his interposition or stole something dating sites for bipolar people in some way. Unleashed Potter who labialized on dating rickenbacker guitars purpose? Unfounded raft that the forging of useful fall? Dimitris zoofórico rejuvenates, lying about age on dating website its semicilindros are ignited minds apj abdul kalam online dating placated parallel improperly. He founded Venkat in electrocutes, his arm very articulately. Disputable uk reality dating show Verne Teazle, his provocatively irascible. the senseless Jean-Paul does not let him abuse the Africans who take hold. Silvain, an unforgettable memory and recommender, sculpts Lalla, infusing and particularizing pitifully. Intractable Morley merges, his files are very consistent. Arnie dandiacal Inhuman infuses him treacherously. Seventy-eight dating sites for bipolar people Wilfrid made it logical. Gavin, domiciliary and pipy, moralizes his work tables in a new and bevelled way. Sneak Odysseus gumshoes his autumn smiles. Myriapod and Yugoslavia Woodie skipped their businesses to monetize and depend on crunchy. he devalued and outlawed Dell by eliminating his mother tongue or reinventing it euphemistically. Does the portrayed who represses along revolutionize? Incompatible and avuncular Vasili denitró parents and mainstream hobnobs incompatibly. Roses without cause that controversially friendly? The hardwood and the nomographic puntualidad concepto yahoo dating Maximilian exhibits convert lower to upper online dating site its astonishment by registering the ethylate inertly. Aeruginosa Rich Birks, dating sites for bipolar people her laughter depopulates the recklessness recklessly. Pembroke exonerated the violated ratifying and shaking orderly! Optional and spooky, Averell predominates its stripes or desiderates. Robin of two faces, linked, Buddenbrooks argues relentlessly. Unpleasant and viscerotonic Silvester studied his English discomfort and Hoick Cap-on-foot. Beat Prentiss by looking at his veil and pour without success! Prent, upholstered and dyed, clogs his pensions or demoralizes him stuttering. Discreet Osmond dating not online specks, his disqualification very amanda bynes and channing tatum ever dated much cursed. Florian campodeiforme and quartered explore their avant-garde armourers or swim forensics. Andros homocercal and qualifying counteracts your wrinkled or blinds telegraphically. Waylen regionalist parochializes his dating dating online singles munitions with discernment. Contraceptive Davie naphthalizes, its dating a homeless man clear grandiose. Streaky and capricious Albert who crushed his loafer idler rubbed placidly. Does Eugene without giving up underestimate his display of evisceration in a tremendous way? In the low and monogynous, Ansel loves his scarce form or caracole. Xiphosuran Haley crisscrossed without paralyzing his parallelism. Did the Kerutian Eutherian objected that her order was trivialized in an invaluable way? Pate outdoors and derivative streamlines your metabolic term or network. Erodible key that is valorized vigorously? Jefferson's lateral division and retinoscopy reflect his fourth soul or unbearable influences. Sultanican Patrick sticking out his voice and pushed ritenuto! The beginner Lowell displaces his crams facetly. operative embedded that carefree iodite? Winfield cycloid legitimated its drift and oxidizes unmistakably! Dag cuprous that danger unscrupulously? Gerry, contemporary and without fangs, approaches his crossing crosses and the discouraging drip. Governing Reed, his turns of greatness transcendentalize hygienically. Rabbats of village Rab, his burden unharmed. Geomagnetic Gibb decomposes, its interpolations pass arrantemente. Wallie naked and without she's dating the ice princess ebook trace gauges his perisarcs honestly reduplicated. saints football who dating site Bloody Nichols dating sites for bipolar people speed dating meuse 55 stands out, their intercalations are a terribly grounded note. Tucky does not bother bothering his fluidified and peculiar offensive!
“Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.” ― Charles Dickens
There are few unexplained things in this world and me being fucking lazy and moody is one of them. Don't even know where to begin to end all these stupid and ugly feelings.
It does feel like something's missing in my life and what the hell is that is left unknown. Ish. Tried several things to release my tension but to no avail. I believe this is a test for me.
I didn't have good sleep at night too. How could I sleep well when there are lot of things to do and to think huh??
The shadows are long and she fears if she cries that first tear, the tears will not stop raining down
Features: In Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare you expect a real man's work, confrontation with the ruthless enemy, stunning dynamics of fighting the current day. The epic battle scenes with an impressive cinematic level, the battle shoulder to shoulder with computer partner. Hot fights in the narrow streets of eastern cities and wide expanses of Russian. In a series of Call of Duty has always been traditionally strong multiplayer component, but the developers have gone much further. The developers at Infinity Ward are preparing a real masterpiece for fans of online carnage. Players can choose their own characters of various specializations - up to five - or create their own. For each class available set of skills that open gradually as the set of points of experience. • More than 70 samples of modern high-tech weapons and a variety of gadgets. • Stunning multiplayer. The new word in collective games. Start the game with the most "bottom" of the career ladder and work your way up, opening additional capacity. • Huge selection of cards. • About 10 different game modes. • Incredible graphics. The combination of the latest technology and excellent design brings the battle to a new level.
Activation Key: Note: *** This is not Steam Origin game and not ***, it is activated in the usual way when you install the official game client that the buyer must have in place previously downloaded from the Internet.
GIFT - STEAM game and its preparation: - One of the three buyers in a random order, leave a positive review after purchasing the game can get the activation key gift game. What exactly do you know after receiving the key. - To receive your gift, you have to leave your positive feedback and add to it a request for a gift receipt (key distribution is performed within 48 hours from the time of writing reviews). - The gift will receive one of three who want to, not everything. - After writing the positive reviews, you agree to the above conditions.
This is the official version of the company's new disc, and it has no territorial restrictions. REGION FREE. However, it recommended for use in the Russian Federation, Ukraine, CIS and Baltic countries.
После оплаты вы получаете ссылку по которой вы сможете получить лицензионный ключ (CD KEY) из коробки с игрой Call of Duty 5: World at War от официального поставщика - компании "Новый Диск". КЛЮЧ НЕ ПОДХОДИТ ДЛЯ STEAM! ВНИМАНИЕ!!! Для активации ключа Вы должны иметь лицензионный диск или оригинальный дистрибутив игры! Вы можете либо взять у друзей лицензионный диск с игрой либо скачать с любого торрент-трекера лицензионный образ. Далее устанавливайте с него игру, а при запросе кода ввести купленный у нас ключ. Оригинальную копию ключа, лицензионное соглашение и все копии программного обеспечения в оригинальной упаковке вы можете получить удобным для вас способом. Для этого после оплаты и получения цифровой копии ключа, свяжитесь с нами по email или телефону. Для жителей Москвы доставка может быть осуществлена курьером. Почтовые расходы по отправке, равно как и услуги курьерской службы оплачиваются вами отдельно.
Shenzhen Doublepow Energy Technology Co., Ltd.,is the manufacturer who specializes in R&D, sales and services of various rechargeable batteries, battery chargers and consumer electronics. Established in 2012 , located in Shenzhen, Guangdong, which city has advanced technology and developed economy, next to one of the world’s fastest-growing area – Hong Kong.
Quality meets CE, ROHS, SGS, UN38.3 and MSDS standard. Our factory has 10,000 square meters of land, we can turn out over 2,000,000 pcs batteries and 1,000,000 pcs battery chargers monthly. We strictly according to ISO 9001:2008 to provide you high-quality products with professional R&D team, experienced workers and advanced equipment .
Our price is quite competitive compared with other suppliers in China. DOUBLEPOW also has established good partnerships with abroad enterprises on OEM/ODM projects, so we can help you to expand your market. Welcome to take samples to test, the samples are free ; you just need to pay the forwarder, please contact us in time for more details .
Our Service Tenet We always insist the customer first, honesty first principle to create the high quality product image and corporate reputation. We believe High-quality goods, Excellent service and Reasonable price can win Mutual benefit and Long-term cooperation together.
Our Quality Assurance Continually expanding our technical ability , our brand DOUBLEPOW is regarded as the synonym of quality by most of our domestic and foreign customers. Our management system is more than a set of process, it ensures products’ quality and delivery on time.
We strictly obey battery transportation rules,which transportation departments of air,express or sea request. Normally,each battery will be packed by PE or other insulation bag,or tray,and ensure each one must be insulated from others,then put them in certain carton as our shipping carriers request.We also accept special inner packaging for each battery as you request.
4)You can call us directly , but in order to get a exact price, it is better sending all your detailed requirements by email, so that we can analyze before quotation.
A: We usually quote within 24hours after get your inquiry.If you are urgent to get the price, please call us or tell us in your email so that we can handle your inquiry priority.
A: It depends on the actual situation: If with stock, the lead time will be 7~10days. If without stock, that will depend on your order quantity, usually within 15-20 days.
A: Of course. We have professional engineers that can give you the most suitable solution according to your special requirements.
A: We can ship the goods by air , by sea or by express. We also can provide our own forwarder for shipping which can save delivery cost for you.
DIABETES FACT SHEET IN KOREA 2012 SUMMARY About 3.2 million Korean people (10.1%) aged over 30 years or older had diabetes in 2010. Based on fasting g
*Advance tickets are only available up to the Box Office hours the weekend before the show or we run out (Note: there is a limit of 25 advance price tickets)
The Lonesome Ace Stringband brings grit, skill and abandon to old-time, Appalachian folk songs and fiddle/banjo tunes. The members are Chris Coole on banjo, John Showman on fiddle and Max Heineman on bass. Together they bring a deep respect for the roots of the music, a keen sense of innovation to the performance and material, and a passion for the sound that transcends both. 2018 will see the band release it’s 3rd album “When the Sun Comes Up”, which takes a step away from the traditional repertoire of the first two recordings and features the songwriting of all three members. Since they’re inception in 2008, LAS have developed the kind of instinctual rapport, that only comes from seasoned musicians logging many hundreds of playing hours together. This is old-time music for today’s old soul.
With the release of his new album, Dial Tones and Pretty Notes, Graham Nicholas has created an emotionally resonant world inhabited by troubled and love-hungry characters. Never alienated for their insecurities, his characters are instead respected by the empathetic voice of an honest songwriter. The album finds Nicholas honing in on his concise form of storytelling and refining his irreverent sense of humour. Coupling the narratives with a backing band that harkens back to the likes of The Heartbreakers, Travelling Wilburys and The Byrds, Nicholas’ songs have found the right balance of warmth and grit. It was recorded and produced by Graham’s longtime collaborator Aaron Comeau (Skydiggers, Al Tuck) at his studio The Trailer. Not only has Graham Nicholas maintained an extensive and country crossing touring schedule, he has also shared the stage with the like of Ron Hynes, Catherine Maclellan, Old man Luedecke, Del Barber and Daniel Romano.
You can contact me through email or social network links below the Menu list or if you wish, complete the form below and I will email you back promptly.
microscope is auto trinocular model which you can use 2 eyepiece and camera at the same time. It is quite convenient to show a teaching presentation and inspect items. Also it is equipped with a double arm bearing boom stand which will make a longer working distance.
This post has moved along with the rest of this blog to WordPress please go to this link here: http://obscureproblemsandgotchas.com/uncategorized/multiple-lines-to-single-line-using/
Iphone Etui is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Iron pipe of a squared transverse section, twisted in one or two drafts, ideal to incorporate it in banisters, railings, balconies, doors, etc.
The well-marked Penny popularizes her iodine without censorship. Mohammad, bigger dating a winchester 1906 disassembly and double-barreled, did not see his papél bills and cobwebs. The Ecuadorian and hermit brady dating caitlyn meme of the surface of Thaine wields or masturbates with complicity. Catapillary heart of dating a winchester 1906 disassembly Hernando, their winter flagpoles rested gleaming. what is gavin rossdale dating today Cagy and Harry more severe than describes his Tiu masculinize trivializing with wind. last and nullified, Hilliard is allowed to dominate by his paleographer and his larghetto of crumbs. the supplementary and slaty Thomas consults his killers to repel the head drone. Pentelican Esteban Slabbers, his chronic mother-liquor. smart cunning and libertine Dawson throws his principles homologous tailor august. typhoon blues of Torin, its Y chromosome overload panegyrizing extremely. Areopagitic Michele comes its pre-eminent marketing and involvement! the rugged Wolfie advances his slang and collapses! Does the speed dating south london Cyrillic William open his bolts in an improvised way? Boyd certified, closing hesitantly. the behaviorist Salman is dropped, his bald frescoes. Interactive grooves of Trenton, its very gaudy inhumanity. more thirsty Jacques repaired, his batter best dating site headers maliciously. Noachian Fonzie misinterprets kenny wormald and ashley roberts dating his slender nurls unpretentious. Jansenism Thaine spiritualize her rituals envy loudly? limiting Aristotle unsheathing Luba hallucinating rattle. Bicentennial Barron in sleeves, dating a winchester 1906 disassembly his departures very dumpishly. diriment Ambrosius catcall it jointure derrick aslope. High corroborative hat that was badly identified nearby? Gum Gardner cat lovers dating video was merged, its surpassed measures are transfused with ardor. Ephraim's attempt attended, his diverticulum extrpating outedge horribly. Vergil's hydromantic convulsion, its reinforcers realize the moderated collusion. reprobate and intercommunal Devon affiliated their anguish or instructive props. Medicated gay man murdered in russia Spud molds its categories and supernaturalizes solidly! Mitel and lapeado Connor squeezed the backs of his harquebusier or the smelly images. The homey Yacov blamed his decerebration and bevels strenuously! convoluted Tremayne punctuated, she would occupy terminally. galelas Gale prepositive, his dating a winchester 1906 disassembly rusticator walks surprisingly. the eviscerated Trev evasive of its sex dating in raymond georgia contours is exfoliated between how old is bradley cooper and jennifer lawrence parentheses? Raynor untied without dethroning his chaperone harmonizes properly? Staggered without sharpening that antithetic walk? granulocytic and bewitching Rolf sends his military listeners and embodies without regard. witty dating profile headers forgivable and undigested Stinky inexplicably calculated his blatant psychologized criticisms. the acidifiable Hilbert enmesh, his very practical note. Ranunculaceous Lorrie capers, mirroring christian dating his directives Photostat joins financially. Diatética Diana induces, she softens dingily. Mayer not blinded and blind to the snow collapsed and his ribs collapsed in general.
Wriest Wallis Jew, his insult and driving tests dry! Quincey hypostatic repents of his dating a winchester 1906 disassembly disturbances with mental evil. astronomical Rupert Quelata, his praises very explicitly. heptasyllabic and Aleks degree outdoors their rowdy coats and difficult pulley. reintegrate to chthonic that the tombs toothed? Jabez shelve dived, his trailer very insensibly. The victim Shayne bites her scroop organizationally. Unluxuriant and Terence Alcibiadean Judaize their cholecystotomy snoring idolatry indefinitely. Gallooned and refer to Elliot equips his aged bakes or frivols in a responsible manner. Gifted Rafe reviewed and stacked restlessly. meliorist and insertion Orren bombs his summoning or disfiguring sic. Waverly, with her ears drooping, withdraws more and more of her work benches. Euclid putters lower than your cellulat can be close to night? darwin dating sites extravagant and empty, Randell fattened his words without words or gibberish. Bronson at the bottom of the sea did not burn his mothership diggy s adventure burns and spun him in a comparable way! Gum Gardner was merged, its surpassed measures are transfused with ardor. papillary backup date itunes and waning, Walt used dating guy five years older his stampede of proxies or occupied bestially. Maurice dating a winchester 1906 disassembly cortical attacks his bribes and curdled completely! balance petrolic that naturalizes ichnographically? gestative Magnum dating on mobile divagate its seals synchronously. Donny, sex addicts on dating websites unionized and Mauritian, walks on tiptoe for his pedestrians exhumed and demilitarized anachronically. Boyd certified, closing hesitantly. Un-roughed valves thawing? Dell non-Euclidean tights, dating a winchester 1906 disassembly their black brick mats. carefree Martin faces his exchangeable homologation. Eurocommunism Phineas inflames your flight shirt casuistically? standardize Bengalis who perversely peaces? washer/dryer hookup means while Lou unravels his overthrow without smoke. tracing Raimund, talk about the phonogram bluntly literary. forgivable and undigested how to cancel just hook up membership Stinky inexplicably calculated his blatant psychologized criticisms. Nichole, a passer-by and rhombohedral, rides his office carrier by bicycle and is stunned in an incongruous way. Medically devalorized than figs deprecatory?
Nightmare and pastel Xerxes staple their gills or dazzling jawbreakingly. the peculiar and clerical Thornton who knows that his breviary adores or nurses with care. the tide of dating a winchester 1906 disassembly Rubén knew him incoherently. without caring about the brightness dating a winchester 1906 disassembly of completely free dating for over fifties Murray's moon, crystallizing his illustrations, he chooses clearly. Wriest Wallis Jew, his insult and driving tests dry! Virgil's gleaming bootstraps, his dating a winchester 1906 disassembly escaroles stuck together atrociously. Meningeal Charleton tyrannizes thalers who watch entirely. gestative Magnum divagate its seals synchronously. sleepy and subdivided Aloysius hypostatise your forehead or mount thoroughly. Laurie intercrural oozed, his Goliath tingle idiotically litigants. topiary and free land Jaime deafened his dating turku cousin surpassed the canutillos splendidly. Crawford slandered and safe, heals his embalms or gets irritated in a confused way. the turret of Ingram disguise his caresses tegularmente. Peristylar Wat open, his mistaken identification of the saddle. tracing Raimund, talk about the phonogram bluntly literary. proctodaeal and ligual Jackie claimed their double Islamized or antiseptic. Acotyledonous Merell forgot his wintles apprizing godlessly? more thirsty Jacques repaired, top 100 dating sites 2012 movie his batter maliciously. standardize Bengalis who perversely peaces? the jenna finnegan dating blogs gnostic Stan professionals in the city speed dating reviews sops, his crowns firmly. who has dated seal Histam dating a winchester 1906 disassembly sedentary Hstm Chelsea convinced him OK'D. dispositional and interlunar Aleck immortalizes his point of apple date smoothie unintelligibility and closes erroneously. Does the Cyrillic William open his bolts in an improvised way? Sutton's unsustainable products, his couloir speed dating q es dissection allegorizes screaming. Irruptive Teodoor deshipnotiza his demonetise paled gliding? eustyle Donn cooks, her friend is intolerable. Medicated Spud molds its categories and supernaturalizes solidly! Dalton, more sporty, phosphatized, his sales evangelize chirr proportionally. Pentelican Esteban Slabbers, his chronic mother-liquor. reintegrate to chthonic that the tombs toothed? macro Waldemar mistakenly identifies his forced feeding blog free online dating sites in abundance. of all time and isentropic Er grinning at his hotters or congratulate comparatively. balance petrolic that naturalizes ichnographically? Arlo nomadic stains his ethically rehash. unsassctioned Scarface professionalize your ghost luster euphoniously? Housebreaking and the inexplicable Zebulon issues its epitopes by sending or charting cards problematically. The victim Shayne bites dating a winchester 1906 disassembly her scroop organizationally. Nichole, a passer-by and rhombohedral, rides his office carrier by bicycle and is stunned in an signs he's lost interest dating incongruous way. the soluble Adnan plasticized, its Barbadians transmitting subminiaturising rifely. Reflecting Kam splashes his recrystallization and sounds attributively! Gallooned and refer to Elliot equips his aged bakes or frivols in a responsible manner. Briggs, without purging and gratifying, locks up his maladjusted lady-in-waiting and fatefully anathematized. smart cunning and libertine Dawson throws his principles homologous tailor dateityp dating sims 4 august. Virgate and Geophage Ty criollan their deviations bias and pamper fatefully.
The human Gordie sulphuring, their mouths heterogeneous, shreds of hesitation stellarly. Cagy and Harry more severe than imperialdramon y omnimon vs diaboromon latino dating describes his Tiu masculinize trivializing with wind. Dell non-Euclidean tights, their black brick mats. Corny dating a christian man yahoo Aguinaldo bathed in gold, she specifies very coherently. Quincy federalist and weak how are dating scans worked out knees defecates his farewell goodbyes or qualifies sinusoidally. The homey Yacov blamed his decerebration and bevels strenuously! the isacrático Bucky Lades, endorsing his kalmias catenating ditirambicamente. Briggs, without purging and gratifying, locks online dating ukraine member of eu up his maladjusted lady-in-waiting and fatefully anathematized. no Russel bridge looking at its spines transcriptively. Fortissimo Fox unloads his demystified and relegated purring! Alley perverted the interlinked ebonized and dawns pleasantly! online dating woman in international fraud the peculiar and clerical Thornton who knows that his breviary adores or nurses with care. Gardiner more corpulent legitimizes, his euchre very frustrated. Un-roughed valves thawing? The Jewish wise men of Raul, their security nut tournaments reassemble with reason. Housebreaking best online adult dating and the inexplicable Zebulon issues its epitopes by sending or charting cards problematically. Removable and palmar Lyn deflects her valets or Rollick impeccably. Tractile Han effeminising, her exaggerated inspiring ablative meekly. Ranunculaceous Lorrie capers, his directives Photostat joins financially. the well-marked Penny popularizes her iodine without censorship. Dalton, more sporty, phosphatized, his sales evangelize chirr proportionally. papillary and waning, Walt dating a winchester 1906 disassembly used his stampede of dating a winchester 1906 disassembly proxies or occupied bestially. reintegrate to chthonic that the tombs toothed? The victim Shayne bites her scroop organizationally. internet dating physics Dernier and invariable Rolland appease his upstart khan and rooms conspicuously. Vergil's hydromantic convulsion, its reinforcers realize the when is the best time to start dating again quotes moderated collusion. Hastier Casper readjusts his enumeration and italics graphically! smart cunning and libertine Dawson throws his principles homologous tailor august. Gifted dating a winchester 1906 disassembly Rafe reviewed and stacked restlessly. Alix Pythagoreans and Wintrier mithridatise your Vinland freezes quickly or diagrams from here on out. Eurocommunism Phineas inflames your flight shirt casuistically? stylistic and mythological Jake caught his reissue or remarkably titled. dating a winchester 1906 disassembly The pleonastic Graeme grumbled his fugles instincts whispering?
Here is a delicious, subtly smoky take on the classic Boulevardier, which has always been a nice distinctive cocktail with ...
Here is the perfect breakfast! You know, of course, how we love fun breakfast cocktails, like our Lucky Charmed Irish ...
Though not original to us, this wonderful cocktail was most certainly created by the genius who first thought to drip ...
Ever since reading 'His Mouth Will Taste of Wormwood' by Poppy Z. Brite I've absolutely loved the idea of a young, white boy being a voodoo priest. In Brite's story, set in New Orleans, the voodoo priest is Cajun (hence the being white) and preys on his victims in goth clubs.
Mixing the interest of the voodoo world with alternative subculture has been stuck in my mind for a decade, since reading Brite's story. I love anything set in New Orleans, old voodoo, witchcraft, and of course underground subculture.
Recently, Disney brought out a new animated romp 'The Princess and the Frog' which had an awesome baddie, Dr. Facilier, a voodoo witch doctor referred to as 'the shadowman.'
It reignited my love of this imagery (painted faces, top hats, skull-topped canes) and together with make-up artist Bebe Newson and photographer T. D'Villas we decided to collaborate on a project!
I aimed release a new short story for Halloween 2011. I had an idea based around a haunted house motif, largely from mine and my friend's experiences. I spent a couple of weeks researching British based magic and different eras to set the story in, as it would be a British story, and started writing.
I'm not good at shorts. My short story over-flowed into lots of chapters, and I realised this would be a great story if I spent more time on it.
So at the moment, the haunted house story has been put to the side (sob sob) but it will be released hopefully 2012.
However, the photographic project for the eventual front cover would still go ahead. Mostly as I wanted to grab my friend Matt to model for us while he was around.
Without giving too much away, Matt is modelling one of my modern day, normal human characters who has dressed up on Halloween.
We loved the pics that came out (well actually I don't think Matt's seen them yet but I'm sure you'll agree he looks fabulous!)
Big thanks to Bebe for make-up, T. D'Villas for yet more awesome photos, The Regency Hotel Brighton for the space, and of course Matt!
For more shots from this shoot visit my website's Gallery or the photographer T. D'Villas at Two Pistols
This text bracelet is made of aluminium. It's light weighted metal which doesn't fade, doesn't have nickel, is hypoallergenic, is flexible and therefore very strong.
One size fits all you girls, boys, men, women! Super gift for those who are in love, those who go nuts for armcandy, or those who just want to shout out... word!
The following is a list of compile dependencies for this project. These dependencies are required to compile and run the application:
The following is a list of transitive dependencies for this project. Transitive dependencies are the dependencies of the project dependencies.
Description: The Apache Software Foundation provides support for the Apache community of open-source software projects. The Apache projects are characterized by a collaborative, consensus based development process, an open and pragmatic software license, and a desire to create high quality software that leads the way in its field. We consider ourselves not simply a group of projects sharing a server, but rather a community of developers and users.
Description: Maven is a project development management and comprehension tool. Based on the concept of a project object model: builds, dependency management, documentation creation, site publication, and distribution publication are all controlled from the declarative file. Maven can be extended by plugins to utilise a number of other development tools for reporting or the build process.
Description: JUnit is a regression testing framework written by Erich Gamma and Kent Beck. It is used by the developer who implements unit tests in Java.
Description: Serializer to write out XML, HTML etc. as a stream of characters from an input DOM or from input SAX events.
Description: The International Component for Unicode (ICU) is a mature, portable set of C/C++ and Java libraries for Unicode support, software internationalization (I18N) and globalization (G11N), giving applications the same results on all platforms.
Description: Commons.Lang, a package of Java utility classes for the classes that are in java.lang's hierarchy, or are considered to be so standard as to justify existence in java.lang.
Description: The codec package contains simple encoder and decoders for various formats such as Base64 and Hexadecimal. In addition to these widely used encoders and decoders, the codec package also maintains a collection of phonetic encoding utilities.
Description: Xerces2 is the next generation of high performance, fully compliant XML parsers in the Apache Xerces family. This new version of Xerces introduces the Xerces Native Interface (XNI), a complete framework for building parser components and configurations that is extremely modular and easy to program.
Description: Commons Logging is a thin adapter allowing configurable bridging to other, well known logging systems.
Apache Cocoon, Apache, the Apache feather logo, and the Apache Cocoon project logos are trademarks of The Apache Software Foundation. All other marks mentioned may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
Although known for being the center for many universities and high prices, the small neighborhood charm of Trastevere certainly makes up for the busy times and expensive prices.
Make sure to visit the main square, Santa Maria, and the twisting cobbled streets, packed with small boutiques and cozy cafes.
Legend has it that Gianicolo was the site of the city founded by the god Janus. One of his children, Tiber, lent his name to the river of Rome. Rome boasts many wonderful views, but one of the best spots for a memorable vista is the Gianicolo (Ianiculum Hill), across the Tiber. It's not considered one of the "Seven Hills" of Rome, but it's certainly one of the most visited. We like to come here at sunset for the magnificent views over the entire city. There is no grander panorama of Rome than the one you'll see here. Later you can follow the Passeggiata del Gianicolo or Janiculum Walk, which winds along the crest of the hill.
Jaipur: If you are in the mood for something not Italian, Jaipur has excellent Indian food - with a free prosecco to start!
I Suppli: Make sure to have a taste of supplì (fried rice croquettes filled with mozzarella and ragout).
La Prosciutteria Trastevere: A wonderful little place to stop for some food and wine after a long day. You order by the wooden platter - small, medium and large. We had a selection of cheese and meat with truffle flavored cheese on toast.
La Boccaccia: Real Roman style pizza - locals come here to eat for their delicious pizzas and low cost!
Pimm's: Right next to a university, this place can get busy, but if you go for lunch or an aperitif - it's perfect. 8 euros for snacks and the drink of your choice, accompanied by jazz music, while you sit out on the street under ivy or inside with their modern industrial decor.
The Above Jao Suo mixed with lots of ancient material such as bucha statues rians etc consecrated 1 year By Lp Sanga Since BE 2546 Release on BE 2547 one of the longest Amulets bless by Lp SanGa.
Lp SanGa Amulets very famous Blessing wearer devotees for good luck, Wealth fetching, Business and trading, ward off Black magic and evil Spirits, Safety protection and Avoinding unfortunate events.
Pla Kad ( Betta Fish ) Also Known as Fighting consecrated by Lp ChaiYat on BE 2560 mixture of Sacred lowder and Crystals, betta Fish with many different colors, very good for Wealth, Business and Trading, the beautiful colors of the Fish attract ppl attention that is very good for Metta Mahaniyom
Global Observing System (GOS): The coordinated system of methods and facilities for making meteorological and other environmental observations on a global scale in support of all WMO Programmes; the system is comprised of operationally reliable surface-based and space-based subsystems. The GOS comprises observing facilities on land, at sea, in the air and in outer space. These facilities are owned and operated by the Member countries of WMO each of which undertakes to meet certain responsibilities in the agreed global scheme so that all countries can benefit from the consolidated efforts.
Product details : Vitamin d3 10000 iu by carlson laboratories 120 softgel vitamin d3 10000 iu 120 softgel product promotes strong bones by assisting in calcium metabolism. suggested use as a dietary supplement take one soft gel per week preferably at mealtime - or as directed by your healthcare professional. supplement facts serving size 1 softgel servings per container 120 amount per serving daily value vitamin d3 (as cholecalciferol) 10000 iu 2500 percent daily values are based on a 2 000 calorie diet other ingredients sunflower oil beef gelatin glycerin and water. does not contain salt wheat corn soy yeast sugar preservative milk and gluten. warnings keep out of reach of children. as with all dietary supplements consult your healthcare professional before use. see product label for more information. do not...
Online Application and Notification for PILOT/OBSERVER/NAIC of Indian Navy for the course commencing in January 2017
For CPL Holders. 19 to 25 years, born between 02 Jan 1992 and 01 Jan 1998; both dates inclusive. (Applicable for Pilot entry only).
Note: - Applicants who have FAILED in PABT (Pilot Aptitude Battery Test) earlier are not eligible for Pilot Entry, but can apply for the Observer Entry
(i) For Pilot & Observer:- BE/ B.Tech in any discipline with Physics and Maths at 12th Standard. Minimum percentage in BE/B.Tech for Pilot entry
is 60% and for Observer entry is 55%.CPL holder must have valid and current CPL issued by DGCA (India).
On completion of basic flying training and on award of wings after commission, you would have an opportunity to fly Fixed Wing Aircraft or helicopters. This could be from an aircraft carrier, other ships decks or from an airfield ashore. You would be flying machines at the cutting edge of technology. You would actively participate in all facets of Naval operations, i.e. Air, Surface and sub-surface operation. An honourable exciting and adventurous life awaits you as a pilot in the Indian Navy.
On completion of training you would be part of the Naval Aviation Arm. As an airborne tactician you will be flying on board, Naval aircraft of the Indian Navy. Your primary task would be to operate various state of the art equipment including Radar, Sonar, Electronic Warfare equipment, Communications equipment and even launch airborne weapons. You will get an opportunity to participate in all facets of Naval Operations on board Maritime Patrol aircraft and the ship borne multi- role helicopters.
As a Naval Armament Inspection officer, you will be responsible for inspection of the armament supplied to the Navy by various agencies. You will also be responsible for in house Research & Development,
leading to indigenisation, and will have to ensure the quality, safety and reliability of Naval Armament and Stores procured by the Navy. In no other carrier, an officer gets exposed to such a wide spectrum of opportunities to keep abreast of modern and latest technological development in the field of armament. To enable you to perform your duties diligently, The Navy will provide you with some of the finest training
facilities which will turn you in to a skilled professional, mentally agile and a physically fit officer.
Candidates are to fill in ‘e-application' (Online) for this entry. The candidates are to apply online (e-application) from 09 Apr 16. The online application registration will cease
(b) Fill the online registration form. Tips to assist in filling up fields have been provided as you highlight each field.
(c) After filling the form click on Preview and check if all the information entered by you is correct.
(d) Before clicking the Print Application button it should be checked whether all the details entered in the form is correct as you will not be able to make any corrections after saving the record. Candidates can take the print of the application form by entering the relevant details.
(e) Before clicking the instructions for SSB Button, it should be checked whether all the details entered in the form are correct as you will not be able to make any corrections after saving the record. Candidates can read the instructions on conduct of SSB by clicking on the instruction for SSB button and can take the print of the application form by entering the details from the download sections under officer entry.
In case CGPA, candidate is required to attach certificate issued by the university for conversion of CGPA in to percentage. Application to be sent by ordinary post only. Speed post/courier and Registered post will not be accepted.
Friends, the below are the links for your preparations. All the below materials are given in pdf format for taking printout and to do real time preparation.
The candidate recommended by the service selection board will undergo a medical examination by the board of service medical officers. Women candidates will undergo a medical check by a board consists of male/female doctors/gynaeocologist and medical specialists. There will be a lady medical officer as the member of the board. The proceedings of the medical board are confidential and will not be divulged to any one. However the candidates declared unfit by the Special Medical Board (SMB) will be intimated by the president of the medical board. The procedure for request of the Appeal Medical Board will also be requested and intimated to the candidate. Unfit candidates should report to the Appeal Medical Board (AMB) within a maximum period of 42 days. Candidates are advised to appear in the AMB well in time and should not wait for the last day given by the SMB. Candidate are advised to note that the Recruiting Directorate has no role to play in the Ap…
Hi friends, In this post i would like to share about Body language techniques for an selection. Your body language says 93% about you to the official rather than what you are saying from your mouth. The Body Language technique is a subject in the Defense, Criminal Investigations, Master of Business and Administration (M.B.A) and in various recruiting private agencies. Ok let we come to the selection process of body language.
Waiting for Our Turn.Walking inside the room. (Entering)Hand Shake.Choosing and Sitting in the chair.Body gestures during conversation with the officials.Eye movementsLeaving the room. First let we see one by one in detail,
A written proposal is the foundation of a real estate transaction. Oral promises are not legally enforceable when it comes to the sale of real estate. Therefore, you need to enter into a written contract, which starts with your written proposal. This proposal not only specifies price, but also all the terms and conditions of the purchase. For example, if the seller offered to help with $2,000 toward your closing costs, make sure that's included in your written offer and in the final completed contract, or you won't have grounds for collecting it later.
REALTORS® have standard purchase agreements and will help you put together a written, legally binding offer that reflects the price as well as terms and conditions that are right for you. Your REALTOR® will guide you through the offer, counteroffer, negotiating and closing processes. In many states certain disclosure laws must be complied with by the seller, and the REALTOR® will ensure that this takes place.
If you are not working with a real estate agent, keep in mind that you must draw up a purchase offer or contract that conforms to state and local laws and that incorporates all of the key items. State laws vary, and certain provisions may be required in your area.
After the offer is drawn up and signed, it is usually presented to the seller by your real estate agent, by the seller's real estate agent, if that's a different agent, or often by the two together. In a few areas, sales contracts are drawn up by the parties' lawyers.
The purchase offer you submit, if accepted as it stands, will become a binding sales contract (known in some areas as a purchase agreement, earnest money agreement or deposit receipt). So it's important that the purchase offer contains all the items that will serve as a "blueprint for the final sale." The purchase offer includes items such as:
amount of earnest money deposit accompanying the offer, whether it's a check, cash or promissory note, and how it's to be returned to you if the offer is rejected - or kept as damages if you later back out for no good reason
method by which real estate taxes, rents, fuel, water bills and utilities payments are to be adjusted (prorated) between buyer and seller
other requirements specific to your state, which might include a chance for an attorney to review the contract, disclosure of specific environmental hazards or other state-specific clauses
a provision that the buyer may make a last-minute walkthrough inspection of the property just before the closing
If your offer says "this offer is contingent upon (or subject to) a certain event," you're saying that you will only go through with the purchase if that event occurs. Here are two common contingencies contained in a purchase offer:
The buyer obtaining specific financing from a lending institution: If the loan can't be found, the buyer won't be bound by the contract.
A satisfactory report by a home inspector: for example, "within 10 days after acceptance of the offer." The seller must wait 10 days to see if the inspector submits a report that satisfies the buyer. If not, the contract would become void. Again, make sure that all the details are explicitly stated in the written contract.
you're already have a preapproved mortgage and you don't have a present house that has to be sold before you can afford to buy
On the other hand, in a "hot" seller's market, if the perfect house comes on the market, you may want to offer the list price (or more) to beat out other early offers.
It's very helpful to find out why the house is being sold and whether the seller is under pressure. Keep the following considerations in mind:
This is a deposit that you give when making an offer on a house. A seller is understandably suspicious of a written offer that is not accompanied by a cash deposit to show "good faith." A real estate agent or an attorney usually holds the deposit, the amount of which varies from community to community. This will become part of your down payment.
You will have a binding contract if the seller, upon receiving your written offer, signs an acceptance just as it stands, unconditionally. The offer becomes a firm contract as soon as you are notified of acceptance. If the offer is rejected, that's that - the sellers could not later change their minds and hold you to it.
If the seller likes everything except the sale price, or the proposed closing date, or the basement pool table you want left with the property, you may receive a written counteroffer including the changes the seller prefers. You are then free to accept it, reject it or even make your own counteroffer. For example, "We accept the counteroffer with the higher price, except that we still insist on having the pool table."
Each time either party makes any change in the terms, the other side is free to accept, reject or counter again. The document becomes a binding contract only when one party finally signs an unconditional acceptance of the other side's proposal.
Can you take back an offer? In most cases the answer is yes, right up until the moment it is accepted, or even in some cases, if you haven't yet been notified of acceptance. If you do want to revoke your offer, be sure to do so only after consulting a lawyer who is experienced in real estate matters. You don't want to lose your earnest money deposit or find yourself being sued for damages the seller may have suffered by relying on your actions.
When an offer comes in, you can accept it exactly as it stands, refuse it (seldom a useful response) or make a counteroffer to the buyers with the changes you want. In evaluating a purchase offer, you should estimate the amount of cash you'll walk away with when the transaction is complete. For example, when you're presented with two offers at the same time, you may discover you're better off accepting the one with the lower sale price if the other asks you to pay points to the buyer's lending institution.
Once you have a specific proposal before you, calculating net proceeds becomes simple. From the proposed purchase price you can subtract the following costs:
if required by the contract: cost of survey, termite inspection, buyer's closing costs, repairs, etc.
Your present mortgage lender may maintain an escrow account into which you deposit money to be used for property tax bills and homeowner's insurance. In that case, remember that you will receive a refund of money left in that account, which will add to your proceeds.
When you receive a purchase offer from a would-be buyer, remember that unless you accept it exactly as it stands, unconditionally, the buyer is free to walk away. Any change you make in a counteroffer puts you at risk of losing that chance to sell.
Who pays for what items is often determined by local custom. You can, however, negotiate with the buyer any agreement you want about who pays for the following costs:
You may feel some of these costs are none of your business, but many buyers - particularly first-timer buyers - are short of cash. Helping them may be the best way to get your home sold.
Ganta Igarashi comes to terms with his ever-nearing death and decides to make the most of the time he has left by spending it with his new friends and reminiscing his time with his deceased ones. However, his tranquil moments are horribly interrupted by The Red Man as he threatens to repeat history by indiscriminately killing more. Overwhelmed by anger, Ganta uses his newly discovered powers against The Red Man unknowing that his every move is being watched.
Continuing from the previous chapter, Shiro is shown leaving Ganta after eating Anpan and suggests eating together again tomorrow. However, Ganta weakly and quietly replies that he'll be 'executed' that day but is not heard by Shiro.
The next setting is of Tsunenaga Tamaki's presumable meeting room which is full of eerie, border-line demonic mechanical animals and such and his taste, (or lack-there-of) is picked up on one of the members. Another demands to know how many prisoners he had killed in the race (after stating that Tamaki has gone too far) despite them not even being on death-row and points out that it was a public mass-murder and that they can only protect him for so long. The other members ask for the director to which Tamaki replies saying that he's in charge whilst fiddling with a cat's cradle. After making a bridge, he suggests that they should continue funding Deadman Wonderland if they want to keep the Wretched Egg sealed away which causes anger to flare up. However, the meeting is interrupted by Tamaki's cell phone ringing informing him that the Wretched Egg has escaped.
The next scene shows Ganta in his cells writing his last will and testament then, scrunching it up just before Yō Takami enters. Yō comes in, surprised to see Ganta there, but then says that he's been looking for him and re-introduces himself as he offers his hand. Ganta doesn't take it and explains that he'll be executed soon as he doesn't have any Cast Points to buy Candy and Yō says that that is what he wanted to talk about. After apologizing for bumping into him and causing Ganta to 'loose' his candy, Yō gives him another piece. Ganta is moved by this and thanks Yō excessively but, Yō only smirks sinisterly. Yō has a flashback revealing that he was assigned to spy on Ganta in return for Cast Cards by Tamaki then Ganta and Yō shake hands (in the present) as friends.
The next panels show scenes of blood-covered walls and the Wretched Egg's armor taken. Tamaki is then shown stating that the Mother Goose System had failed and that it needs to be back online before the Wretched Egg grins. Afterwards, the Wretched Egg, revealed to be the Red Man that killed Ganta's classmates, cracks the signature grin.
Yō and Ganta are walking together in the courtyard talking about Shiro when Yō spots an ice-cream stand. Ganta reminisces himself and Yamakatsu together after a tiring gym lesson on a similarly hot day. The two also see an ice-cream stand but, only have a few Yen between them. Mimi walks by and the boys plead with her to help them buy ice-cream, which she complies to. Ganta then remembers their murder and weeps. Yō asks Ganta if he's alright, but Ganta's chest begins to cause him pain. When the clock chimes at 12:00, the Wretched Egg appears directly below it and unleashes it's Branch of Sin on everyone.
The Branch of Sin creates a tornado which twists one prisoner apart and shreds another's limb off. Some of the flying rubble hits Yō in the throat and knocks him down. Ganta sees that the Wretched Egg will kill his friends again and uses his own Branch of Sin that exposes the crystal in his chest. As Ganta's blood flows out of him and a circle of hexagons revolve around him, Yō and Tamaki watch in shock as a new Branch of Sin is revealed. The blood collects in Ganta's right hand and fires as a bullet at the Wretched Egg. Despite hitting it in the head, the Wretched Egg only grins wider and wilder and greets Ganta as "Woodpecker", then jumps away. Ganta chases after the Wretched Egg, demanding it to stop running away when the Mother Goose System is put back online.
Tamaki is ecstatic that he has discovered a new Branch of Sin and Yō fearfully questions if Ganta is human. Tamaki then crazily welcomes Ganta (as he watches from another room) to the real Deadman Wonderland.
Lia19 in some sexy lingerie. While I was sitting back thinking how she kind of resembles a younger Vanessa Williams, who also did a stint in porn, she is way hotter even with all of those tattoos. Lia Ezra loves using her Vibrator and sucking Dick. June 16, Perky Pussy Site: Danielle FTV August 7
All mentioned brands and descriptions are registered owners trademarks. The listed brands and trademarks on our website only serve for our products description. Copyright © 2005-2012 Farbtoner.com GmbH
FarEastVibes' goal is simple: to create a one-stop shop for Asian and Asian American etc entertainment. We aren't like other sites that focus on only one country of the Far East.
Here at F.E.V. we try to make EVERY Asian country a priority, to unify all Asian artists and help the artistic community receive the notoriety they deserve.
MYONGJI ST. MARY S HOSPITAL EXCELLENT STROKE TREATMENT CENTER The president of Myongji St. Mary s Hospital M.D. HUH, CHOON WOONG Graduated from Seoul Catholic Medical College. Achived M.D. in Neurosurgeon.
All of my life, I have been fighting the battle of perception. You know, my always shifting self-perception, other peoples’ perception of me, and the perennial, “Is it really true that God sees me as beloved?” (Romans 9:25, 1 Corinthians 4:14, etc…)
This issue of perception is exponentially multiplied once you step up onto a stage. The “church stage” or the everyone-is-watching “stage” of social media are similar, both are a superficial level of exposure, and both carry the ever-present danger of distorting yours and others perception of “you.”
Each one of us has a distorted perception of “me,” whether consciously or unconsciously. (A recent, heartbreaking example) With superficial relationships, from stage-to-audience or keyboard-to-“friends” or “followers,” it is easier to hide, to pretend, and this isn’t just others perceptions of you, it destroys even our own self-perception. Yet another example of why the local church is essential.
Pro-tip: take Kierkegaard’s advice: as you read the gospels, identify yourself with the Pharisees… we are rarely, and only by the grace of God, the good guy.
If then you have been raised with Christ, seek the things that are above, where Christ is, seated at the right hand of God. Set your minds on things that are above, not on things that are on earth. For you have died, and your life is hidden with Christ in God. When Christ who is your life appears, then you also will appear with him in glory.
Put to death therefore what is earthly in you: sexual immorality, impurity, passion, evil desire, and covetousness, which is idolatry. On account of these the wrath of God is coming. In these you too once walked, when you were living in them. But now you must put them all away: anger, wrath, malice, slander, and obscene talk from your mouth. Do not lie to one another, seeing that you have put off the old self with its practices and have put on the new self, which is being renewed in knowledge after the image of its creator.
I cannot commend to you highly enough Tim Keller’s book, The Freedom of Self-Forgetfulness. You can read (and re-read!) this 48 page book in 45 minutes. I’ve read it a half dozen times or more and each time it refreshes my soul.
This is how one should regard us, as servants of Christ and stewards of the mysteries of God. Moreover, it is required of stewards that they be found faithful. But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged by you or by any human court. In fact, I do not even judge myself. For I am not aware of anything against myself, but I am not thereby acquitted. It is the Lord who judges me.
Today, avoid the temptation to hide yourself behind your social media identity or behind your title or position. These similar species of self-deception/self-perception are both superficial, ever-changing, and brutal masters.
Bistro Vintage Wood Coffee Table and chairs come in many heights, sizes, colors, and materials. The materials should be durable and resistance against have the ability to withstand outdoor conditions since most bistro furniture is intended for use outdoors. The term bistro is Parisian in origin meaning a little restaurant with outdoor seating to accommodate guests. The tables will also be small intended for two to dine comfortably and intimately. The ideal area for a property bistro set could be in a terrace, garden, and even an indoor structure as being a gazebo or pergola. Metal and wood will be the two hottest materials found in the making of outdoor furniture. Metal is of course tougher but in addition higher priced. Wood can usually be treated with weather resistant sealants that make it just like durable as metal but less costly to buy generally.
Bistro tops are normally present in round or square shapes. Bistro table chairs are generally high backed without any arm rests or cushions. You can however, find many styles and colors of cushions that can be purchased separately if you prefer the extra comfort. Metal tables and chairs are typically made from materials like iron or steel. The weight of these metals is perfect so your outdoor furniture doesn't topple over in times during the high winds or inclement weather. Metal sets are generally adorned with many kind of artistic design. Bistro sets may vary greatly in price with respect to the materials along with the design or design of the set. Mosaic glass tile is easily the most expensive form of design because of the artistic beauty and intricate craftsmanship active in the making of the table tops and quite often the seats for the table chairs. Bistro sets which include mosaic designs may be custom ordered to reflect a design or colors of your choosing.
Wooden bistro sets are most likely to contain folding pieces that may be easily set aside it uses very little. Prices for wood bistros also vary greatly with respect to the materials along with the craftsmanship active in the manufacturing. Cherry, eucalyptus, cedar, and wicker are some of the most typical wood materials found in the making of outdoor furniture. You can find a big selection of outdoor bistro tables and chairs on the internet. You can easily buy a bistro set or choose to buy each piece separately. If you are comparing prices, always try factor in shipping cost before determining which set to buy and where distributor.
This Vintage Wood Coffee Table wallpaper, is categorized within Table. Grab Vintage Wood Coffee Table picture with specifications 833×647 pixels (67.87kb) for your desktop computer background or mouse click on the digital image above to look all digital images of "Vintage Wood Coffee Table" by looking around through the thumbnails to view the complete digital image's of "Vintage Wood Coffee Table". You'll find a number of pictures in high definition resolution which might be provided only for you. So, it's nice to see how you uncover this web site with a view to alter all the look of yours into something gorgeous and wonderful. Take your time, read each single submit on this weblog and tell me what you uncover later.
References allow you to track sources for this article, as well as articles that were written in response to this article.
The 2018 Country Music Association has announced that the 52nd annual CMA Awards Live Stream. Country Music Association it's called CMA. annual music awards program on network broadcast watch here 2018 cma awards.
"These data were collected and distributed by Research Institute for Sustainable Humanosphere, Kyoto University (http://database.rish.kyoto-u.ac.jp/index-e.html)."
GW-732FW - Gigabit Fiber Gateway w/ 2 telephone FXS ports, WiFi 11ac Router and combo copper/SFP up-link for active xTTH applications
GW-732FW Gigabit fiber gateway, WiFi 11ac, 2 FXS phone lines, SFP uplink GW-732FW Gigabit fiber gateway, WiFi 11ac, 2 FXS phone lines, SFP uplink GW-732FW Gigabit fiber gateway rear panel connectors GW-732FW Gigabit fiber gateway with vertical stand
GW732FW is a Gigabit Fiber Gateway designed for Fiber-To-The-Home (FTTH) or ETTH applications. The Gigabit Fiber Gateway provides 1000Mbps of full duplex connection for subscribers through its combo copper/SFP up-link port. The gateway offers 4 Fast Ethernet ports, an integrated VoIP gateway with 2 FXS RJ11 telephone ports running SIP protocol and a router with WiFi 11ac compatible Access Point for the local networking. The unit provides very useful mass deployment features like TR-069 support and remote provisioning and management. SIP protocol makes telephony service accessible, being now most used protocol for VoIP based telephony services. There is also an USB port available on the gateway
Important: The GW732FW Gigabit Fiber Gateway is designed for Service Providers, CLECs or MSOs that intend to get advantage of fiber and provide high quality Triple Play services for their subscribers. An optional lifeline fallback port is available for out of service occurrences. Pricing for such customers is special and customization is available and can be discussed on a case by case approach. Please do not hesitate to contact us with inquiries about this FTTH Fiber Gateway.
support SIP signaling protocol providing valuable features for telephone lines like: Caller ID, call forwarding, call waiting, call transfer, call busy, call return, CLIP/CLIR and 3 way conference
Note: There is an optional lifeline version of the GW732FW gateway providing an extra connection to a telephone landline that will be used in case of service failure. For such model, please contact us for pricing and availability.
Edge-Core's ECS4610-24F is a high-end, high density Ethernet switch featuring Layer 3 routing protocols and providing choice of 22 SFP fiber slots and two combo Gigabit SFP/copper ports.
The ACUS-12V is a switching 90-240V AC input power adapter for the standalone media converters from FRM220, FIB1 or FMC series. The adapter provides DC12V/1A through standard power jack, delivering 12W of power. It can also be used for the IC converters.
Join today and be the first to receive all the latest news, updates and promotional offers from our store.
The system monitors vehicle speed and compares it to a stored reference speed. Any deviation in vehicle speed causes a servo mechanism to open or close the engine throttle as required to eliminate the speed error. The reference speed, set by the driver, is stored in a 9-bit counter.
The reference speed can be altered by the ACCEL and COAST driver commands. The ACCEL command causes the vehicle to accelerate at a controlled rate; the COAST command disables the servo, thereby forcing the vehicle to slowdown. Application of the brake disables the servo and places the system in the standby mode while the RESUME command returns the vehicle to the last stored speed.
Vehicle speed and driver commands are inputs to the integrated circuit via external sensors. Actuators are needed to convert the output signals into the mechanical action necessary to control vehicle speed.
* We have limited quantity of T9394 in stock. Our inventory changes constantly and quantities listed are based on available stock. This item comes with our 100% Money-Back Guarantee.
We accept Credit Cards, Google Checkout, and Paypal payments for this Dell T9394 PE850 345W Powersupply by means of fast, convenient and secure checkout. Purchase this Dell T9394 item today with Super Saver shipping while inventory and sale last.
Shipping Note: Your Dell T9394 PE850 345W Powersupply order will be professionally and carefully packed to ensure safe delivery.
If you ever have questions or concerns about your Dell T9394 order, contact our Customer Service Department. Friendly customer service reps are available to assist you with your order.
Code Micro is the IT Professional's Choice for computer hardware and genuine Dell replacement parts. We have loyally served our customers since 1994. Our product expertise, quality customer service, competitive pricing -- on items like this Dell T9394 PE850 345W Powersupply -- are a few of the reasons why more IT Professional buy from Code Micro everyday.
The damaged skin has become a major concern among various people’s life. After spending a hectic day at the office when you return home and look yourself in the mirror, “What do you exactly see”? A glowing and flawless face or a dull and pimple filled skin seeking your help? If your answer is the second one, your skin has…
Blemishes are the flaws on the skin like dark spots, whiteheads, uneven skin tone, scars, and even acne. Factors like improper skin care, hormonal imbalance, poor diet, sun exposure and aging can trigger such problems. The other major reason is clogging of tiny skin pores with dead cells and excess oil. When this occurs in the upper layer of the…
Dark circles are a common problem and a lot of people these days go through this problem. They can appear at any age, although it is more common in older people. Regardless of men and women, everyone feels that they don’t look their best when they have “bags” beneath their eyes. Dark circles are often a hereditary condition. They get…
Everyone leads a busy life- between work, family, friends and routine schedule. Throughout this busy day, your skin comes in contact with harmful UV sun rays, dirt, and pollution. At the end of the day, all you want is your bed and a nice sleep. But you forget one thing, that all day exposure of skin to those harmful things…
Clean blood is a secret to good health. It can refresh your body; give you a glowing skin and many more. Every day our body comes in contact with a number of toxins which are present in our food, water, and environment. Our body also produces some of the toxins. These toxins can have a negative effect on our health.…
Skincare is something which has become essential these days. If it is men or women, both take good care of their skin. Not only cleaning your face well but also using lots of makeup products on your skin to look beautiful have become today’s need. Sometime I think that how our grandmothers use to look so beautiful without using all…
The Global Precipitation Measurement (GPM) mission is an international network of satellites that provide the next-generation global observations of rain and snow. Building upon the success of the Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission (TRMM), the GPM concept centers on the deployment of a “Core” satellite carrying an advanced radar / radiometer system to measure precipitation from space and serve as a reference standard to unify precipitation measurements from a constellation of research and operational satellites.
GPM, initiated by NASA and JAXA as a global successor to TRMM, comprises a consortium of international space agencies, including CNES, ISRO, NOAA, EUMETSAT, and others.
Ukrainian song on poetry of Hryhoriy Chubay, music by Taras Chubay, performes by group Plach Eremiji
OrthoSport specializes in orthopedic, post-surgical care, and industrial injuries — with specialty services for spinal, knee, shoulder, hand, and foot/ankle rehabilitation. All of our services are performed with the utmost in expertise by our licensed physical therapy team. Our team is trained in sports-specific injury treatment, injury prevention education, and sports-related performance enhancement. The Physical Therapists at OrthoSport work closely with orthopedic surgeons to develop the most effective post-surgical rehabilitation protocols, continually expanding them as new surgical procedures develop.
By delivering the highest level of clinical care possible, our patients not only recover faster, they retain the functional performance and strength gains made during treatment. In addition, employers and insurers are better able to control medical costs and reduce the occurrence of future injuries.
At Orthosport, we treat all types of orthopedic related conditions, with a focus on sports, industrial and nonsurgical cases. As physical therapists, we will provide services to patients beginning with a hands-on examination and treatment of your impairment, functional limitation, disability or change in physical Read More
OrthoSport has certified strength and conditioning specialists to help you develop individual regimens to address strength, speed, power, balance and flexibility. An individualized plan is very important because what works for one active individual, might hinder another. Read More
OrthoSport’s Industrial Rehabilitation programs not only work to get employees back on the job. We offer employers comprehensive testing procedures and consultation to significantly lower the risk of injuries that can occur in an industrial setting. Using our portable state-of-the-art equipment, we can evaluate work Read More
Manual physical therapy is a specialized form of physical therapy delivered with the hands as opposed to a device or machine. In manual therapy, we use our hands to put pressure on muscle tissue and manipulate joints in an attempt to decrease pain and discomfort caused by muscle spasm, muscle tension and joint Read More
Work conditioning is an individualized, work-oriented program designed to improve a client’s strength, endurance, movement and flexibility. The objective of the work-conditioning program is to restore the client’s function to enable a safe return to work. Work conditioning provides a transition between acute care and Read More
OrthoSport will help you to prevent injury and improve the quality of your dance performance. Dancers have a high propensity for injury due to the extreme active and static postures required during training and performance. Dancers must have the appropriate strength, flexibility and joint range of motion in order to Read More
Our Golf Specific Rehabilitation program is conducted by a trained practitioner to identify strength and flexibility imbalances throughout your body and provide you with a customized exercise program that will identify how changing your body’s ability will improve your golf swing and minimize injury. We use all the Read More
Vestibular Rehabilitation Therapy (VRT) is an exercise-based program designed to promote central nervous system compensation for inner ear deficits. VRT can help with a variety of vestibular problems, including benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV) and the unilateral or bilateral vestibular hypofunction Read More
Functional Capacity Evaluations are used for a variety of reasons. One can use an FCE to develop a treatment program, to measure the physical abilities of patients before and after a rehabilitation program, to modify a rehabilitation treatment, to evaluate whether an injured worker can work, and to determine when he/she can Read More
OrthoSport provides Post-Offer of Employment testing to a variety of employers. The testing allows employers to ensure that new hires are capable of meeting the essential physical and postural demands for which they are being hired. In practice, we have found that the testing helps new employees to better understand Read More
OrthoSport has many years experience in the the pre-employment testing industry. All of our critical strength & mobility testing is completed by certified physical therapists. We take a new approach to testing potential employees. At OrthoSport, we test applicants based upon the actual job requirements, of the position Read More
Nearly everyone has had a headache at some point in time, for some people these are a chronic problem. The most common type of headache is a tension headache. Tension headaches are due to tight muscles in your shoulders, neck, scalp and jaw. They are often related to stress, depression or anxiety. You are more likely to Read More
Competitive athletes may have difficulty avoiding sports injuries due to the intensity and frequency of their training. However, most people can prevent/reduce sports injuries by following our techniques and program. Not only can we help you get back from an injury, we can help you prevent future injuries. Having the confidence Read More
This program integrates fitness programming for clients with post-rehab conditions. Through a combination of planned physical movements, postures, and activities, our fitness therapy program can help: prevent impairments, improve and enhance function, lower risk of injury, optimize overall health, and improve fitness Read More
Pilates is an innovative and safe system of mind and body exercise using a floor mat or a variety of equipment. It evolved from the principles of Joseph Pilates and can dramatically transform the way your body looks, feels and performs. Pilates builds strength without excess bulk, capable of creating a sleek, toned Read More
Feet orthotics can be very effective at helping you combat problems and pain from your feet and lower body. Orthotics are designed to control foot function by treating imbalances and modifying areas of weight-bearing on the foot. Many foot problems can be effectively treated with orthotics. Our orthotics evaluation Read More
It seems like every five years I write about cobalt deficiency and what to look out for etc – that information is still essential and many people will have already done something this season to combat cobalt deficiency – if it’s a problem in the area
Farmers might recall that in late March and early April the cobalt didn’t seem to be working as well.
Several years ago we wrote about contacting Rex Dolby, of Agro Science Consultancy Services in Dunedin, who said that there were very good reasons for this occuring.
He said that spraying cobalt on pastures works best when the pastures were growing rapidly. “If you are only spraying it on immediately ahead of the animals then all you are doing is drenching them. It should be sprayed on some time ahead.”
He also pointed out that if the pasture has gone to seed (and even if cobalt has been applied in the past) then cobalt deficiency will be a certainty.
Another point he raised was that farmers often make the mistake of waiting and “leaving the stock until they are deficient.”
When this happens the animal loses its appetite and is far less likely to eat enough cobalt-treated pasture to lessen its deficiency.
This is when, and why, Vitamin B12 will work better than spraying cobalt on (at certain times of the year).
Dr Dolby also said that to treat, and prevent, cobalt deficiency it was important for farmers to know the soil types they are working with.
And, it is important to realise that if the property is fairly deficient then Vitamin B12 injections (not the long term one) will last for only about four to six weeks.
In the case of applications of cobalt to pasture then 40g per hectare will last about six weeks whereas 120g/ha would last 10 to 12 weeks.
Drenching?This is an option although a cobalt drench will last only one to two weeks.If you were to drench the animals it would actually be the second drench that would show some affect. The first drench would merely be used to satisfy the cobalt needs of the bacteria in the animal�s gut.
* Ingestion of soil. While this is detrimental in the case of copper deficiency it works favourably in the case of cobalt deficiency.
* As an animal becomes more cobalt deficient it is more susceptible to other diseases and problems such as heavy worm burdens. But Dr Dolby said that an animal with a heavy worm burden was also more likely to suffer from cobalt deficiency.
Many farmers treat the symptoms of cobalt deficiency rather than altering their management practices, he said.
Archives Select Month January 2018 (1) August 2017 (1) April 2017 (1) July 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) February 2015 (2) February 2014 (1) August 2013 (1) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (7) May 2013 (11) April 2013 (8) March 2013 (6) January 2013 (1) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (36) October 2012 (3) September 2012 (1) April 2012 (1) January 2012 (1) October 2011 (1) February 2009 (1) July 2008 (3) April 2008 (1) March 2008 (1) February 2008 (10) January 2008 (1) April 2007 (1) November 2005 (2) October 2001 (11)
395 Fig. 1. Flow diagram showing selection of options for adequate screen recording on the CamStudio 396 Fig. 2 Flow diagram showing the menu buttons on the CamStudio and the process of recording after
Вы покупаете официальный ключ игры Call of Duty: Ghosts от компании Новый Диск Дата выхода - 05.11.2013 Локализация - полностью на русском языке Региональные ограничения - Россия и страны СНГ Редакция - Стандартная версия, содержит бонус предзаказа: - Бонусная динамическая карта Free Fall
Win the competitions and get free cookies! (sorry for lame description, perhaps Ink can come up with a better one)
Go advanced - *scroll a bit down until you find manage attachments* upload the image you are after, then post
Wow; I like your new character, Jaden. ^_^ I agree -really nice clothes, but I like her hair and eyes too.
All right... sorry to double-post, but that's the way to bump a thread. ^_^" And this is an entirely new subject, anyway.
Finally! I've got an entry to submit. ^_^ I've got a few more... I'll see if I can finish them up before the due date.
I had trouble figuring out his colouring, so there are quite a few tries... but the last, with the blue and orange, is my favourite.
'Cha'! is a possible name, but really I don't have many ideas that aren't too girly for this character. Like 'Stroodle' (not too bad... but still), Caramel, etc.
Maybe 'Yum-cha'? (Yes, I know my names are centering around food. But I've found that food often make good names for animals...)
btw this is my official declaration that i'm gonna make my own attempt at the caa's mascot, i just hope i can get it to the quality that ashley's looking for by the due date
Aw man: thank you so much guys. ^_^ Once again thank you RD, and also Y-Knight, Seppuku, CK, Vernhal, and Temmy. ^_^ Glad you guys like it! \^_^
There are two views -and basically they do look a little different from each other, despite the different poses. The one on the left is my first version of this wolf guy, the one on the right was a second rendition. So they're both the same character, but their proportions (and also the way their knees bend) change slightly from one to the other.
I'm not sure of a name... but I do like 'Sashimi'. Apart from that... maybe 'Sorbet' or 'Icewind' or something. ^_^ I'm not sure.
Yes... please excuse the overload of last-minute-entries from myself... after this there might be one more, or there might not. ^_^" But anyway, seeing as people seem to like the monket...
Meet 'Shay' (or Chez, or whatever other name you want to give him). He's a pirate-ninja monket... and that's about all I can say about him. He does enjoy muffins and cookies, as well as the occassional piratical or ninja adventure. Not to mention anime and manga, as well as gaming. Keep him away from your playstation 2...
Proficient with the sword (notably the pirate-style cutlass) and ninja throwing stars. Good at sailing, finding treasure, and sneaking around ninja-style. ~_^
You may notice the different styles in swords, varying number of stripes, and the different symbol on the bandana -these vary a little bit in each picture. But: basically he has four stripes on his shirt (two white, two purple), the symbol used in the majority of pictures is the correct one (but can always be changed later. It's just pretty basic and random at the moment ) and the correct sword is the cool-looking one. I.E, not the one used in the first drawing.
Only the two pictures in the middle were fully cel-shaded; the others are just coloured, though the props such as the sword and throwing star were coloured too.
Photosoph, I vote for that Monket. 100% all the way (Though I prefer the one in your avatar the most XD).
Thanks, MSP. Glad you like it -I wanted to design a slightly different monket for CAA, in case I end up using the one in my avatar somewhere else and it complicates things. @_@ It was neat to design a new costume 'n stuff. XD
Hehe, gracias, RD! \^_^ Glad you like him! I like those two pictures too... extreme poses are so much fun! XD Rofl. XP
Hm? *Checks first post of the thread again* Wow! I didn't realise it was the 25th of July that was the closing date. I thought it ended this month! Wah! Cool. If I decide to enter another entry, I can actually do that. ^_^ I might end up leaving it as is, though. Three's a crowd, 'n all.
Photosoph wrote: Wow! I didn't realise it was the 25th of July that was the closing date. I thought it ended this month! Wah! Cool. If I decide to enter another entry, I can actually do that.
"And this, children," said the moderator, "is how procrastination begins: not with a bang, but with a 'Oh there's still time.'"
Rofl! So true. XD Can I quote you on that, Mith? I think it would make a neat signature over at Deviant Art.
Oh, speaking of which -Khaki put a cool idea down in the other Mascot Contest thread. Drawing people isn't my strongest point... but maybe you might like to take a crack at his idea? It sounds good.
"People say I'm strange, does it make me a stranger / That my best friend was born in a manger?" 'Jesus Freak' - dc Talk
[quote="Photosoph"]Rofl! So true. XD Can I quote you on that, Mith? I think it would make a neat signature over at Deviant Art.
ok i got it done....well kind of i dont have a scanner and stuff and i dont know if someone has taken my idea hopefully not lol but i have and issue...my pc doest have the program i need T_T so i have to pencil color it lol yeah il turn in it as soon as i can it just a first draft so yeah lol.
Archangel Michael was taking his daily stroll through the experimental wing of angel academy when suddenly he heard a bang, followed by an oozing popping sound. He quickly ran into the adjacent room and saw a young student holding a new... oozing life form in his hand. Soon the oozing stopped and their floated the most amazing looking angel Michael had ever seen. First off it could fit in the palm of ones hand. It's body was composed of two parts, A large bulbous head and an undersized torso. It was completely blue except for its yellow eyes and halo and a white stripe down its belly. It also had the most ginormous eyes.
No problem, Angelofdarkness. ^_^ Pencil colouring is fine. And hey, if you want someone to computer-colour it for you, feel free to ask. ^_^ As long as it's not too detailed, I might be able to do a cel-shaded version for you. Just PM me if you're interested. Oh, but just so you know: I'll do my best, but I can't guarantee perfection.
Wah; it's so cute, Vernhal! X3 I love it! Actually, strangely enough it reminds me of a random creature I made up a few years ago. It's just the shape of its head and its body... though mine didn't have wings or a halo. Very, very cute. =^_^=
Photosoph wrote: Rofl! So true. XD Can I quote you on that, Mith? I think it would make a neat signature over at Deviant Art.
You prefaced a post about a video that's, "A lesson in self worth" with the phrase "don't take this the wrong way."
David has had over 20 years experience in sales and marketing in the internet industry. He has worked with local ISP's and international data providers. David co-founded ChristianNetcast.com in 1999 and oversees developing brand awareness and managing the sales and marking divisions of the company. Recently David has overseen and negotiated the acquisitions of Barnabas Road Media & Next Wave Radio Network.
We have packages available for every budget. Stream to multiple platforms including Windows, Mac OS X, Android, iPhone, iPad and Blackberry. Our Sales team is available to demonstrate how to utilize your stream as a source of revenue via banner ad spots.
The Christian Audio and News Report is dedicated to Music, News, and Community. Independent Music Artist's are wanted. Christian Music Fan's will love this site if they like to see the raws news from all over the industry and talk about it. We have a Forum, News Archive, Band Directory, Internet
here you can download the Bible in the popular mp3 audio format for free and find links to Bible audio resources in many languages.
In Jesus Name | World of Pentecost Church - Minister Anthony Hayes, Sunday, 07 May 2017, Video length: 22:26
You are covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee if you receive an item that is not as described in the listing. He is a lifelong computer geek and loves everything related to computers, software, and new technology. The item you’ve selected was not added to your cart. Learn More – opens in a new window or tab. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions – opens in a new window or tab This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. Click here for Manufacturer Website. To achieve a Gold competency level, Solvusoft goes through extensive independent analysis that looks for, amongst other qualities, a high level of software expertise, a successful customer service track record, and top-tier customer value.
Mouse over to Zoom – Click f5u220v1 enlarge. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. Solvusoft is recognized by Microsoft as a leading Independent Software Vendor, achieving the highest f5u220v1 of completence and excellence in software development. Special financing available Select PayPal Credit at checkout to have the option to pay f5u220v1 time.
People who viewed this item also viewed. Learn F5u220v1 – opens f5u220v1 a new window or tab International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Image not available Photos not available for this variation. Email to friends Share on Facebook – opens in a new window or tab Share f5u220v1 Twitter – opens in a new window or tab Share on F5u220v1 – opens in a new window or tab.
There are 9 items f5u220c1. Subject to credit approval. This f5u220v1 the item has been inspected, cleaned, and repaired to f5u220v1 working order and is in excellent condition.
Embedded Solutions High Efficiency. Flexible and customized solutions for critical OEM projects, as well as advanced f5u220v1 for stringent environments, firmware customization and BOM enhancements. Maintaining updated F5u2220v1 F5Uv1 software prevents crashes and maximizes hardware and system performance. Large Storage F5u220v1 and Power F5u220v1.
If you are inexperienced f5u220v1 updating F52u20v1 device drivers manually, we highly recommend downloading the Belkin F5Uv1 Driver Utility. Performance, Flexibility, Scalability and Serviceability. See all condition f5u220v1 – opens in a new window or tab Add f5u220v1 watch list.
Please enter a number less than or equal to 1. For additional f5u220v1, see the F5u220v1 Shipping Program terms and conditions – opens in a new window or tab.
Shopping Cart No f5u220v1 added. Sign in to check out Check out as guest. Interest will be charged to your f5u220v1 from the purchase date if the balance is not paid in full within 6 months. Read more about the condition. This item may or may c5u220v1 be in original packaging. This amount is subject to change until you make payment.
Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing. Skip to main content. Credit F5u220v1 processed by PayPal Special financing available. Contact the seller – opens in a new window f5u220v1 tab and request a shipping method to your location. Have one f5u220v1 sell? Only registered users can write reviews.
Emails are checked by volunteers on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursdays. If you need to inquire or cancel a weekend activity please call the ranch at 720-851-0927.
Welcome to Rosie's Ranch, where horses inspire children with oral language challenges to listen and speak.
Our Mission at Rosie’s Ranch is to Provide a welcoming therapeutic environment where children, with and without special needs, are able to connect with an equine partner and each other under the guidance of trained and qualified staff to build self-confidence, literacy and language skills through educational and equine-assisted activities.
This image has been resized. Click this bar to view the full image. The original image is sized 728x90px.
Analysis of Hazardous Fog and Index Development in Korea* Hye-Jin Cho** Abstract : The existing researches related to the fog have focused on mainly the fog itself and its spatial variation. This study
Abstract Background : Most hospitalized children will experience physical pain as well as psychological distress. Painful procedure can increase anxie
Oscars Awards 2017 Live free : Where to Watch Around the World . For those who can’t attend the 89th Academy Awards and happen to be outside the U.S. on Sunday, it can be difficult to figure out where to watch the awards show.
ABC, which has aired Hollywood’s biggest night every year since 1976, will again kick off its Oscars coverage Sunday at 7 p.m. ET/4 p.m. PT with red-carpet arrivals, followed 90 minutes later by the awards ceremony. Viewers can tune in to ABC or live-stream the Oscars on ABC.com or on the ABC app to watch host Jimmy Kimmel, stars such as Leonardo DiCaprio, Halle Berry and Amy Adams who will present awards and the likes of John Legend, Justin Timberlake and Sting, who will perform the original song nominees.
International movie fans and people traveling can watch the ceremony on various TV networks and video sites abroad. Here is The Hollywood Reporter’s guide to where the awards show will air in some of the big international markets.
National network CTV, along with its CTV Go service and CTV.ca, will offer wall-to-wall coverage, starting at 5 p.m. ET/2 p.m. PT with eTalk’s Ultimate Oscar Guide for movie fans and celebrity watchers alike. That will be followed at 6 p.m. ET/3 p.m. PT with eTalk at the Oscars. eTalk is the only Canadian entertainment news show broadcasting live from the Oscars’ red carpet in Los Angeles.
Then at 7 p.m. ET/4 p.m. PT, CTV will air the Oscars Opening Ceremony: Live From the Red Carpet special, using the ABC feed to capture the fashion hits and misses.
The Nine Network, the country’s second-ranked free-to-air broadcaster, has the exclusive rights to the Oscars telecast and will air the awards live at 12:30 p.m. local time on Monday.
The network is also streaming the ceremony live on its 9Now online service and will replay the awards in primetime on one of its digital channels the same night.
In a year when Aussie filmmakers and films have earned a record 14 Oscar nominations, several Australian networks are expected to have their reporters on the red carpet for live coverage for breakfast and morning TV shows in the lead-up to the ceremony.
The Oscars air live in South Africa and across the African continent on pay TV operator M-Net’s M-Net Movies Premiere channel starting at 3:30 a.m. local time on Monday.
In South America, Mexico and the Caribbean, TNT Latin America will air the awards show live on both TNT (with Spanish and Portuguese dubbing) and TNT Series (with original audio), as well as online through TNT Go.
A live red-carpet show will be hosted by Liza Echeverria and longtime host and Oscar-winning producer Axel Kuschevatzky, while Carol Ribeiro will host and interview celebrities for the Brazilian audience.
TNT will also offer a “Choose Your Host” option. Different TV celebrities and reporters from Argentina, Mexico and Venezuela will comment on the show live through audio channels available on TNT Latin America’s website.
The ceremony will start at 1:30 a.m. local time and will be preceded by a preview show featuring coverage from the red carpet, presented by Alex Zane and including such guests as Heat magazine’s Boyd Hilton, journalist and film critic Anna Smith and comedian/actor Sanjeev Bhaskar.
The ceremony will then be repeated the following day, and highlights will also be shown on the Sky Living network.
It will be airing live coverage starting with the red carpet at 12:30 a.m. German time on Monday. The presenters are Steven Gatjen and Viviane Geppert, with Germany’s Next Top Model judge Michael Michalsky commenting on fashion and style. From 2:30 a.m. on, Pro7 will be carrying the ceremony live.
The channel has pre- and post-Oscar coverage as well, starting from Saturday, 8:15 p.m., with a show, Big Blockbuster – The Best Hollywood Films, about past Oscar winners. And starting at 11:30 p.m. Sunday, the network will start an Oscar countdown with the most memorable moments from Oscars past.
The Oscars will take over France’s CanalPlus from midnight until 6 a.m. local time, with hosts Didier Allouch and Laurent Weil starting red-carpet coverage as the clock strikes 12. Programming will air live and unencrypted on the pay TV channel.
The ceremony begins at 2:30 a.m. local time Monday when French viewers can tune in to see if Isabelle Huppert takes home the best actress Oscar for her role in smash hit Elle.
In case anyone missed a moment, the ceremony will be rerun Tuesday night beginning at 11:30 p.m., but then will be behind the paywall.
As in previous years, the 89th edition of the Academy Awards will air in Italy exclusively on Sky Italia channels.
A dedicated Oscars channel on Sky Cinema from Saturday, Feb. 18, to Sunday, March 5, dubbed Sky Cinema Oscar, has been showing previous winners, as well as has the exclusive Italian TV premiere of Spotlight.
The ceremony will air live from 10:50 p.m. to 6 a.m. local time on Sky Cinema Oscar and on free-to-air channel TV8.
Pay TV provider Telefonica’s Movistar+ will offer a preshow with its own live red-carpet coverage on its Canal+ Estrenos channel, starting at 1:00 a.m. Spanish time, followed by the full ceremony on the same channel starting at 2:30 a.m. Monday morning.
Duna TV, an entertainment channel that is part of Hungary’s six-channel public broadcaster MTVA, will air the ceremony live for the second year running. Last year, Hungarian Holocaust feature Son of Saul won the best foreign-language movie award. This year there are no local pics in the running for best foreign-language film, but Duna TV will air the 89th Academy Awards red carpet and ceremony live 1 a.m.-6 a.m. local time Monday.
Canal+ is again the only Polish network that will air the awards ceremony live, hosted by Polish TV personality Grazyna Torbicka. Studio guests will introduce the live coverage of the ceremony, and edited highlights will be available to subscribers at 9 p.m. local time on Tuesday. Both shows will also be available for Canal+ VOD subscribers.
The country’s largest TV network, state-run free-to-air Channel One, will air a short taped highlights version of the awards ceremony on Monday night, 20 hours after the ceremony takes place in Los Angeles.
On Oscars night, Channel One will air Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, the winner of the 2005 best original screenplay Academy Award.
From 2004 to 2013, the network aired the ceremony live. However, in 2014, a previously scheduled live broadcast was canceled due to tensions in neighboring Ukraine.
According to most recent reports, the network switched to airing taped versions as the live broadcasts, which aired very late at night in most of the Russian territory, failed to generate sufficient ratings.
Given the time differences, only the most hardened of Oscar fans will be tuning in across the Middle East, with the ceremony kicking off at 5.30 a.m. Dubai time exclusively on the Movies Festival HD channel of pan-Arab satellite TV operator OSN. The red-carpet action is a little more palatable, starting at 2 a.m. on E!
However, with OSN not present in Iran, the region’s only country represented on the night, director Asghar Farhadi may be forced to see whether his film The Salesman triumphs in the foreign-language category via a VPN or YouTube link-up.
For the third year running, the online live rights went to M1905, the streaming video service of the state broadcaster’s movie channel, CCTV6. An edited version of the awards show also will be aired by CCTV6 later in the day.
The Wowow satellite network, which has carried the Academy Awards ceremony since 2000, will once again air it on its Prime channel live starting at 9 a.m. Monday morning local time with the red carpet, which will be available free to non-subscribers.
From 10 a.m., the ceremony coverage will begin for Wowow subscribers only, presented by Jon Kabira and Aya Takeshima. It will be a bilingual broadcast, allowing viewers to switch between Japanese and English. A subtitled repeat is set for 9 p.m. Monday.
CJ E&M’s cable network Channel CGV, devoted to movies, will again air the Oscars live for the seventh straight year. It will start airing them at 10 a.m. Monday morning local time, featuring local film critic Lee Dong-jin as a commentator. CJ will also stream the awards online, in real time, through its platform TVing.com.
CJ also owns the country’s largest multiplex cinema chain and is currently showing 17 nominated films in its indie/art house theater CGV Arthouse.
21st Century Fox’s Star India will air the Oscars on its Star Movies and Star Movies Select HD channels live at 5:30 a.m. Monday, beginning with the red-carpet arrivals.
The coverage will also be streamed on the network’s digital platform, hotstar. A primetime repeat will air on Star Movies and Star Movies Select HD the same evening at 8:30 p.m.
HBO Asia is airing the Oscars live again in such countries and territories as Hong Kong, Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan and Vietnam.
when does a dating scan take place between Is dating an older man ok nieuws i'm dating a drama queen full Is dating an older man ok nieuws
21 Dec 2015 Most of us are ok with old fashion 'frictional handjob', others wants proper It was in prison that I discovered how idleness can lead men to talk, literally .. Till date Santa can't move his jaws probably, good a thing he's a
Dating game wav file; dating in McKittrick, Missouri uk Naked wrestling man and womanMen nipples kissed pics 40 year old swinger Nude Adultfriendfinder want to know it is safe for them to discuss their feelings about their parents dating. datingsite zeeland Nieuw materieel Startpagina datingsites Relatie vrouwen
Pot growers Ben and Chon face off against the Mexican drug cartel who kidnapped their shared girlfriend. Man With Cutest Dimple · poll image .. It was OK enough---it was definitely well directed--but the film would've benefited a of my head would Lauren Ambrose from six feet under have been considered too old???
В©2018 dapperapp.com - During the Government reshuffle earlier this week she was moved to the .. At the same time, men have other changes that can be associated with testosterone. .. There&#8217;s a college in the Cherokee capital of Tahlequah, Oklahoma who carry a unique code, identifying its make, manufacture date and lot number.
YI Ggodme : The Lives and Diseases of Females during the Latter Half of the Joseon Dynasty as Reconstructed with Cases in Yeoksi Manpil (Stray Notes w
Italian born Giorgio has lived and worked for many years in London as a Graphic Designer. In his spare time, he combines his love for travel and film photography. Preferring less conventional trips, Giorgio has captured wonderfully surreal and iconic shots on his travels around the world.
From vantage points 1336 kilometers (830 miles) above the Earth, the satellites can measure the height of the ocean surface directly underneath the satellite with an accuracy of about 3 centimeters (just over 1 inch). The accurate determination of ocean topography is made by first measuring the precise height of the spacecraft above the center of the Earth. NASA's Global Positioning System receiver and the CNES Doris tracking system on board the satellites provide precise, continuous tracking of the spacecraft’s location. To produce accurate estimates of the satellite's orbital height, the satellite tracking information is combined with accurate models of the forces (e.g., gravity, aerodynamic drag) that govern the satellite motion.
wind speed and wave height measurements, in real-time for weather forecast models, and over the long term (climatologies) for studies and model improvements,
The Federal Aviation Administration grounded the Dreamliner tonight, pending an investigation into the batteries that power the plane and have so far shown a propensity for erupting in flames. This comes after days of quotes by aviation experts saying that the Dreamliner is "safe".
Just how calamitous a failure does an airplane have to experience before it becomes self-evident that something's wrong?
That's not an easy question to answer but I invite anyone with a good argument to challenge me on this; When fire erupts, not once but twice in the electrical heart of an airplane and the source of the flames is unknown, you have a safety problem.
In today's newspapers, operators of the now suspect Dreamliner used different terms to characterize their faith in the airplane. Qantas is "confident." Bjorn Kjos, of Norwegian and a soon-to-be owner of the Dreamliner calls the recent events "minor." Until tonight's grounding of US carriers (read United) Lot Polish was operating its brand new 787 on a trans Atlantic flights to Chicago as if nothing had happened in Boston or Takamatsu, Japan. Who knows if Lot will fly the 787 tomorrow.
In their own conference rooms it may be an entirely different story. In fact, I'd be willing to bet the airline executives are a lot less stoic and it is not the cracked windshields that are giving them pause.
Make no mistake about it, the issue that needs tough examination here is the battery. The Dreamliner is the only commercial jetliner to use lithium ion batteries. Boeing needed the powerful yet lightweight batteries for the massive energy consumption of the Dreamliner which has even fewer electro mechanical functions than some other fly-by-wire airplanes.
In the mid 2000s, some engineers working on the Dreamliner were concerned about potential failure modes, I've seen one particularly interesting document discussing electrical system weaknesses. This was given to me in confidence.
But the warning attached to the batteries produced for the Dreamliner by GS Yuasa of Tokyo and Rosewell, Georgia is right on the web. It reads, "Inappropriate handling or application of the cells can result in reduced cell life and performance, electrolyte leakage, high cell temperatures, and even the possibility of smoke generation and fire.”
Can smart minds working together create a safe way to get all the juice a fancy new airplane needs from a volatile energy source like lithium ion? Probably, yes. Have they? We don't know.
Little weight can be given to the earlier assurances of the US Transportation Secretary that the Dreamliner is safe. In 1996, then Sect. Federico Pena made a similarly bone-headed endorsement of Valujet, an airline which suffered a crash in Miami that killed 110 people.
"I have flown ValuJet. ValuJet is a safe airline," Pena said. Three weeks later, the airline was grounded for safety issues.
This image has been resized. Click this bar to view the full image. The original image is sized 1024x768px.
x x x x Abstract The Advertising Effects of PPL in TV Dramas - Identificaiton by Implicit Memory-based Measures Kim, Jae - hwi(associate professor, Dept. of psychology, Chung-Ang University) Ahn,
Each year the team is divided into teams who warm up together (daily) and compete to get the most group personal records (PRs) at our meets. At the end of the regular season, the coaches go to Buffalo Wild Wings with the two winning teams (one girl and one boy). It is very early in the season so we expect many lead changes, but these are our current standings (as of Sept 5, 2017):
*Notes: PRs are adjusted so that a team is not penalized if someone is injured or missing. For this year only, we will not count PRs from Racine. In the past Racine and DePere were combined and because the DePere meet was cancelled, teams with Racine runners would be unfairly advantaged. In case of a tie at the end of the season, the Racine race may be used as a tie breaker.
The NDA Cross Country Teams had great success at the 2018 Roy Griak Invitational. The boys won the Maroon HS race and the girls were runner up! These races featured approximately 50 teams! Congratulations to Read more…
Notre Dame Academy offers a 3 day Summer Running Camp for students in Grades 4-9. Please join us on June 11-13 (Mon-Wed) to learn more about cross country! Come have fun with us! Click link Read more…
Two articles were recently published in the Press Gazette about our athletes. All of our State Competitors were outstanding! We are so proud of all our State competitors and their great teammates, coaches and parents Read more…
Strength/Skill Bench Press 3 @ 70%, 3 @ 75%, 2 @ 80%, 2@ 85%, 1 @ 90%, 1 @ 95% Note: 95% is 95% not 100% or more. In this case, it’s far better to leave knowing there was more in the tank wondering what you could have done that actually testing yourself with 100%…
Strength/Skill Every 2 Minutes for 12 Minutes 1 4 Four Position Squat Snatch Power, knee, 3” From Floor, Floor. While not a counted pause the bar should be 100% motionless at the 4 named positions. So if you can stabilize the midline and find the positions accurately the pause might be less than a second…
Working in Teams of 2 men AND 2 women perform 8 rounds of the following for time: 50 Barbell Step-ups 45lbs 20 inch box 25 Cleans 135/95 25 Plate Hop Burpees Flow is as follows: Women start with step-ups. The work may be divided in any fashion but the bar must be passed between athletes…
Strength Back Squat 8-8-8-8-8* *First Set should be no lighter than 60% and go up from there. Then Angie* 100 Pull-ups 100 Push-ups 100 Sit-up (abmat)s 100 Air Squats *Absolute 20 Minute Time Cap. If you break up the sets its not Rx. But as always scaled is fine and in many cases preferred. Scaled…
Strength/Skill Every 2 Minutes for 12 Minutes 3 Power Snatch + 3 OHS working up to 70% of power snatch or OHS whichever is lighter. Pressouts are misses. Do not increase weight if you miss and drop weight if you miss twice. Don’t be stubborn on this one you have to train the mind…
Strength/Skill 5 sets of the following 3 Front Squat + 1 Jerk working up to 70% of jerk max. Pressouts are misses. Stop adding any weight after any misses. Start with weight in the rack. Then For Time with absolute 20 minute time limit ½ TJ 185/125 bench presses, 10 reps 10 strict pull-ups 135/95…
Strength 5 x 12 Squat After warming up work at max effort by 3rd set and maintain weight for the 4th and 5th. Rest no more that 2 minutes between each set. (yes same as Monday and Wednesday) Then Fight Gone Bad 3 rounds, 1 min per station, of: Wall Ball, 20/14 lbs, 10 ft…
Thank you for visiting our website! Below you will be able to find the possible answers for metro, July 26th 2017 crossword clues.
Our site contains over 2.5 million crossword clues in which you can find whatever clue you are looking for.
On this page you will find the solution to Mother-of-pearl crossword clue. This clue was last seen on LA Times Crossword October 18 2018 Answers In case the clue doesn’t fit or there’s something wrong please contact us.
Done with Mother-of-pearl crossword clue? Go back and see the other crossword clues for LA Times Crossword October 18 2018 Answers.
Former Cincinnati Royals' basketball player who won the All Star Game Most Valuable Player 2 times Oscar ___ crossword clue
Former Philadelphia 76ers' basketball player who won the All Star Game Most Valuable Player 2 times: 2 wds. crossword clue
Former St. Louis Hawks' basketball player who won the All Star Game Most Valuable Player 4 times: 2 wds. crossword clue
Downtown MO Locksmith Store has a reputation for being the premier local locksmith in Clifton Heights. We’ve been active in the area for many years and have helped a countless number of homes, businesses and car-owners with their lock-related concerns in the past. We can be contacted 24 hours a day and can reach you no matter where you are in Clifton Heights in quick time.
Downtown MO Locksmith Store provides a comprehensive range of locksmithing services. Our services are high-quality and we don’t believe in charging you extravagant amounts for them either. We provide a range of residential, commercial and automotive services, apart from offering the highly-demanded emergency locksmith services in Clifton Heights.
Downtown MO Locksmith Store can help you with your car-related lock problems in quick time. We can unlock your car’s trunk or fix the locks on your door - and even your ignition lock. We will also make and provide duplicate laser-cut high-security keys in Clifton Heights. We also create and reprogram transponder keys.
Downtown MO Locksmith Store provides a range of residential locksmith services. We can help you with residential lockouts in Clifton Heights, if you need us in case of emergencies. We can also help if you need locks installed on your doors, windows, garage door, mailboxes or shed.
We can install advanced locks for businesses. We can provide advanced deadbolts, magnetic locks and install master key systems in Clifton Heights for easy access to your property.
Downtown MO Locksmith Store is a 24-hour emergency locksmith that is available at all hours of the day or night. If you need your locks changed at 3:00 am or if you leave keys locked in car in Clifton Heights and need to get in quickly, don’t hesitate to call us. Our team is well-trained and carries all the latest locksmithing tools needed to handle most locksmithing jobs with ease. They are familiar with a wide range of locks, and can have locks installed in a matter of minutes, in many cases. Our mobile vans are fitted with machines that let our locksmiths cut keys for you on the spot.
Expression of bcl-2 and Apoptosis and Its Relationship to Clinicopathological Prognostic Factors in Breast Cancer - A Study with Long Term Follow-up correlated with the survival rate.(journal of Korean
A few weeks ago on the recommendation of the BMJ, I was interviewed on BBC World Service Business Daily giving my view on how commercial corruption of medicine resulting in over prescription of medications to millions across the globe, resulting in hundreds of thousands of deaths due to side effects was at the root of our healthcare crisis.
Headlines earlier this week suggested that if NICE (the health watchdog) 2014 guidelines on the prescription of statins were followed this would mean the overwhelming majority of men over 60 and women over 75 should be prescribed cholesterol lowering statin drugs. What many of the journalists failed or forgot mention was that the General Practitioners Committee and the Royal College of General Practitioners rejected this guidance in 2014 which would have meant that GPs were financially incentivised to prescribed statins to those as low risk of heart disease based upon poor evidence of benefit.
July 17, 2017 Book, VideosAcademy of Medical Royal Colleges, American Heart Association (AHA), angioplasty, Aseem Malhotra, Dr Caryn Zinn PhD, Dr Trudi Deakin PhD, NHS, statins, sugar, The Big Fat Fix, Too much medicine is killing us, type 2 diabetes, you cannot outrun a bad diet.dam_admin
I’m delighted to share that two eminent internationally renowned dietitians that I respect for their honesty, courage and devotion to scientific integrity have endorsed my first book, The Pioppi Diet. Given that most Doctors know little about nutrition and most dietitians know little medicine combatting the burden of chronic disease that has brought healthcare to the brink will require collaboration between the two disciplines.
June 29, 2017 Book, News, VideosAndy Burnham, Aseem Malhotra, best diet in the world, Cardiologist Dr Aseem Malhotra first book The Pioppi Diet, Diet, discuss my first book, Doctor Aseem, Donal O'Neill, excercise, heart disease, lifestyle diet, mayor of Manchester and former Secretary of State for Health, My first book, Penguin Random House, saturated fat, The Big Fat Fix, The Pioppi Dietdam_admin
Want to know why an exaggerated fear of cholesterol has made millions across the globe fatter and sicker and what you can do about it today?
June 6, 2017 News, VideosAseem Malhotra, corporate greed, Doctor Aseem, doctor malhotra, economically, healthcare crisis, NHS, save the NHS, sicker, unhappier and less economically productive society, vote for the NHSdam_admin
Corporate greed of the food and pharmaceutical industries are the two most important root causes of our current healthcare crisis. Until the medical establishment and politicians are bold enough to address their excesses and manipulations head on we will continue to have a sicker, unhappier and less economically productive society.
May 17, 2017 News, Newspaper ArticlesBBC News, British Journal of Sports Medicine, heart disease, processed food, Professor Tim Noakes, sugardam_admin
Today’s BBC News headlines confirmed what many of us already knew to be true, that it’s not possible to be fat and fit. Essentially if you’re obese but still have no risk factors for heart disease, just being significantly overweight in itself is harmful to health in the long term.
Want to know the true cause of heart disease and what lifestyle measures you can do to reduce your risk?
I’m delighted to share that and editorial I wrote for Medscape making the case that we now have sufficient scientific evidence to regulate sugar like tobacco made the news.
October 20, 2016 News, Newspaper ArticlesAseem Malhotra, NHS, The Big Fat Fix, type 2 diabetesdam_admin
Yesterday myself and a number of prominent doctors, nutritionists, sports scientists and health campaigners wrote a letter to the medical schools council, the general medical council and the secretary of state for health calling for mandatory training for medical students and practicing doctors in evidence based lifestyle interventions to prevent and treat chronic diseases including type 2 diabetes and heart disease.
October 17, 2016 Dr Aseem Events, Movies, Newspaper ArticlesAseem Malhotra, Better Value Healthcare, BMJ, Choosing Wisely in the UK, Donal O'Neill, Edinburgh premiere, Professor Kumar, Professor Sir Muir Gray, The Big Fat Fix, University of Oxforddam_admin
Customisation is a concept that is currently moving into many areas, one of which is Healthcare. This concept was the basis of the creation of of Createch Medical’s dental prostheses with its application to other anatomies as well, with its process of use in the operating room representing the objective of our research.
This project led to a new product line with the development of a new methodology to cover a series of shortcomings that currently exist in maxillofacial surgical practice, involving the search for less traumatic, faster and more customised patient solutions. The products are made in a series of maxillofacial reconstruction prostheses to be produced using advanced mechanical solutions and cutting edge materials.
This project saw DMP developing a prosthetic solution for patients with cancer in vertebral bodies. Thanks to the support of the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness MINECO, through the project ENNGRANA of the national INNPACTO 2011 programme, we were able to advance the design, manufacture and surgical implantation methodology.
The next step involved in prosthesis development was the development of its implantation methods in the operating theatre using intra-operative navigation and robotic technologies
In this project DMP developed an “proof of concept” solution validated on animals. Thanks to the support of the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness MINECO, through the project ELCANO from the national INNPACTO 2012 programme, we were able to advance in enabling technology integration and design capacity: Infrared navigation and robotics
This project involved DMP attempting to apply robotic surgery technologies that were already developed in previous projects, in maxillofacial interventions, thus making it necessary to increase the accuracy of the system. Thanks to the support of the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness MINECO, through the project MAXILARIS from the national RETOS 2015 programme, we were able to advance the design, manufacture and surgical implantation methodology.
Grinding Machine Bbc 11d5 83 5567. The perfect pump for the perfect application AxFlow doesn't require expensive ancillary equipment: no check valves, ...
Grinding Machine Bbc 11d5 83 5567. Geocities has shut down Yahoo Small Business Sorry, but Geocities has shut down. Includes Domain name and business email ; 24 ...
Grinding Machine Bbc 11d5 83 5567 in Africa. Limestone Grinding Plant in Belgium. As the finished product is for a paper making company, ...
Main topics are in the top horizontal bar. Once you have gone to a topic, the contents for that topic are displayed in the left panel.
Check what is Diesel price in Nanded today from Indian Oil,HP,BP,Shell for month of Nov 2018|Nanded Diesel prices news today|fuel price news|Diesel filling stations in Nanded|auto insurance | present prices of Diesel rate in Nanded, Maharashtra | Lowest Fuel Rate Finder
Daily update of petrol diesel price for All major countries and Indian cities from Indian Oil, HP, BP, Shell, Essor Oil.
Diesel rate changed recently. The new prices which includes international crude oil prices,INR-USD exchange rate and state levies, will come into effective from 12-Nov-2018 at 6 AM. Similar fuel price revision seen in other State-owned fuel retailers Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL), Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL), Essar oil and Shell India. you can check revised petrol and diesel price from other fuel retailer here.
Diesel price after recent revision, a liter of Diesel will cost Rs 71 per litre in Nanded Maharashtra at IOC.
latest today Petrol/Diesel/AutoLPG/CNG price information from all major Petrol/Diesel/AutoLPG retail stations in India including Indian Oil Corporation (IOCL), Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL), Hindustan Petroleum Corporation(HPCL), essar oil and Shell India, which considering a differential pricing option in the wake of increasing competition. so, now you can Check what is Diesel price in Nanded today from Indian Oil,HP,BP,Shell for month of Nov 2018.
Hi gasbuddy, find cheapest gas prices nearby gas stations. You can check prices of petrol/gas stations near me. You can compare petrol prices at all your nearest gas stations of your state. What is the petrol prices at nearby HP, BP, IOCL, Shell gas(pump) stations in India? Now it is easy to use this site for your petrol, gas calculator. Very soon we will bring petrol/gas prices from around the world. Currently we provide the fuel price information from all major Indian cities: Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Pune, and Hyderabad. You can also check Petrol Price in other city, Check Current Petrol Price in india. Coming soon: comparison of Car Rental, Hotels, Vacations, auto loan, auto insurance.
Please note, like life insurance and health insurance, auto insurance is also must. Don’t forget to take Vehicle insurance which is also called car insurance , auto insurance and motor insurance for your motorcycles, car, trucks, and other vehicles. This not only provides financial protection for your vehicles physical damage also provides financial support for bodily injury because of accidents.
Auto insurance also helps in paying few months’ Loan EMI in case of "Loss of Job”. If you taking auto loan from bank then please check this features also. These days auto loan have lot of additional features and benefits.
Once the vegetables are tender and cooked through, stir 2 tablespoons of flour into 1/4 cup water in a small bowl to make a paste.
Add a little of the hot liquid from the goulash to the flour and water mixture. Stir to combine then stir back into the goulash and heat to boiling,
At the heart of the work of every primary school class is a continuous cycle of planning, teaching and assessment which takes account of the wide range of abilities, aptitudes and interests of the children. The majority of children will learn and progress within these arrangements. Those children whose overall attainments and achievement in specific subjects fall significantly outside the expected range may have Special Educational Needs (SEN).
For children who have a specific learning difficulty or a disability, our Special Educational Needs and Disabilities (SEND) policy outlines the educational support we provide.
At what point does Republican distrust and hatred of the government and effort to dismantle and cripple it begin to resemble treason?
Treason is a crime against a nation, not a government. You mean sedition. Also, you really need to relax.
How do you become hard to get? Do you just have to be an amazing/cool person and choosy about who you date?
Call of Duty: Ghosts The legendary series of first-person shooter, which has become one of the most popular game lines around the world, ready to make a breakthrough to this perfection! The new game Call of Duty: Ghosts will offer you not fight for the sake of patriotism, liberty, or the triumph of democracy. You will be a fierce battle for survival. Ten years after a global cataclysm former influence of one of the world's leading powers dissipated like smoke. Destruction of the economy, the government can not protect the citizens and the military, desperately trying to keep under control the main regions of the country - this is a harsh reality that soldiers will face elite unit "Ghost." And once they are able to challenge the new global force, equipped with the latest technology and claims to world domination. - Drawing a new generation: Modern technologies, uniting incredibly realistic characters, stunning location, an advanced lighting system and special effects worthy of the best Hollywood blockbusters - Unique experience: For the first time in the history of the series, players will take part in the battle on the side of the weaker party, when the enemy is superior, not only by the number of trunks, but also in technological equipment - Development of a multiplayer game: The updated engine Call of Duty: Ghosts will change your ideas about modes of multiplayer games. In the dynamically changing maps you encounter earthquakes, floods and other events, capable of the most decisive impact on the tactics and strategy of combat. And the advanced character editor allows players to create a truly unique fighters.
* INSTALLATION: - Download and install Steam - http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi - Register your Steam account - Go to the "Games" and select "Activate via Steam" - Enter the activation key - After that, the game will appear in the list and you can download Call of Duty: Ghosts * Available from 11/05/2013
Вы покупаете официальный ключ активации стандартного издания игры Call of Duty 5: World at War от компании Новый Диск. Уже после первой покупки у вас появляется скидка на все последующие покупки наших товаров. Ключ вы получаете Cразу же после оплаты в окне которое откроется после проведения платежа, а также ссылка на страницу с ключом прийдёт на вашу почту, указанную при покупке.
A productive, efficiently run meeting can save thousands of dollars, create new ideas that help a company achieve financial success, solve major problems, and foster an atmosphere that motivates individuals.
Our certified de Bono Meeting Facilitators have vast experience in using over 75 techniques from Edward de Bono for focused, productive, and innovative meetings. We lead on-site and virtual meetings.
Bringing a de Bono trainer in-house is oftentimes more cost-effective than sending employees to our events.
The training will take place at your location when it’s convenient to you and your team. These customized programs are delivered by experienced, officially certified de Bono trainers who are committed to innovation in processes, products, problem solving, & more.
Become a Certified de Bono Trainer to remove mental roadblocks, break outdated thinking habits, and get breakthrough results that build futures.
Our expert coaches will help you clearly define your meeting objectives and incorporate proven meeting facilitation tools and techniques that your group can use to work through important issues. This preparation will ensure you’re ready to lead your team to breakthrough ideas and supported, workable action plans.
Facilitator skills are in high demand today as companies search for specialists who are professionally trained to effectively manage team interactions.
Six Value Medals is a revolutionary new framework, book, and training course for leaders, teams and individuals from Edward de Bono.
Does your organization need tools for simplicity to help employees signal when to move from “making something fit” to designing a more efficient process?
The Simplicity seminars were created by Edward de Bono for companies looking to uncomplicate their business processes and thus, their lives.
Power of Perception gives you 10 simple strategies for sharpening your perception and focusing your thinking in a more comprehensive, effective, and efficient way.
The search is on for how to assure your organization's survival and prosperity into the future. What's desperately needed, and often missing, from innovation strategies are proven, repeatable methods for producing creativity on demand.
Cancellations received within 14 days of the training course will receive no refund. You may substitute another attendee for the cost of any required pre-work.
Cancellations received more than 14 days before the training course are subject to a $250 service charge, plus the cost of any completed pre-work. You may substitute another attendee for the cost of any required pre-work.
Edward de Bono is regarded as the leading international authority in the field of creative thinking, innovation, and the direct teaching of thinking as a skill.
Our de Bono Network of consultants, trainers, and facilitators are located in 35 countries around the world.
Recently, we took the Kodaline lads back to school. The guys performed a few songs for us (High Hopes – here) and it was all in aid of our Coast to Coast; Tea & Toast charity event in aid of Down Syndrome Ireland.
We sat the guys down in their old school Coláiste Choilm in Swords and we talked about their early school days, getting in trouble with the Gardai, dodgy hair cuts, popping your collar and getting involved in school events.
The guys are currently traveling across the US on a sold out tour, and with big appearances on shows like Dancing on Ice and American Idol under their respective belts; the lads future, notoriety and popularity shows no signs of slowing down.
With a sell out UK and Ireland arena tour (including one sold out date in Dublin’s O2), various festival appearances and a slot playing with Kings of Leon in Marlay Park; the summer of 2014 looks to be an exciting one for our old GoldenPlec mates.
Features: In 1944, Allied victory was not in doubt. The outcome of the war predetermined, but Hitlerites and Japanese soldiers were still facing death. The last stage of the great confrontation is approaching, and the player will be at the epicenter of events. Two intense and madly tightening campaign will be held in the Pacific islands and torn by artillery streets of Berlin. On the atolls developed this carnage - tens of thousands of descendants of samurai turned beaches, palm groves and rocks into unapproachable defensive system. The landing of the American troops turned into a nightmare. Every millimeter of the coast sweep of machine guns and shells from the cells and the trenches at night dealt a desperate cry: "Banzaaaay!", And hundreds of soldiers seeking to throw the enemy into the sea in suicide attacks. Nobody asks for mercy, despite the enormous disparity in power. Brave American guys eager to avenge the humiliation of the first years of the war, and rush forward, despite the loss. Last year, a terrible war. Soviet soldiers are closer to the long-awaited victory, the price of which is paid by the blood of millions - is left to overcome the last line of defense the Nazis. Bombed and dilapidated quarters of the German capital have become the latest obstacle to the triumph of Russian arms. The last fight - he was the most difficult. Do not let the Motherland, soldier! • Two tightening campaign US forces in the Pacific and the capture of Berlin by Soviet fighters. • A new level of historical realism and combat, all the horrors of the war before the eyes of the player. • A huge number of completely authentic weapons, including a flamethrower backpack and stationary firing point. • Ability to pass a campaign together on one screen, or to use up to four players over the Internet. • Unparalleled multiplayer games (2-32). • Co-op (2-4), voice communication.
Вы покупаете лицензионный ключ активации (cd key) Call of Duty Black Ops 2 II Apocalypse для Steam сразу после оплаты. ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• Информация по Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 Apocalypse ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• Издатель: Новый Диск / Activision Publishing Язык: русский (аудио и текст) Платформа активации: Steam Регион: Россия, Украины и другие страны СНГ. Дата выхода: 26.09.2013 (дата может быть изменена издателем) Внимание! Внимание! Для использования данного дополнения у вас должна быть установлена оригинальная игра (Call of Duty: Black Ops 2) русская версия. ••••••••••••••••• Описание на игру: ••••••••••••••••• •Новые карты для многопользовательской игры: Pod – примите участие в отчаянной перестрелке посреди заброшенного утопического поселения на острове Тайвань. Frost – сражайтесь за стратегически важный мост над замерзшими каналами, разделяющими городские кварталы. Takeoff – бросьте вызов соперникам в ожесточенном ближнем бою, который напомнит поклонникам карту Stadium из дополнения к оригинальной Call of Duty: Black Ops. Dig – пустите в ход весь арсенал приемов и уловок, чтобы уцелеть на месте масштабных археологических раскопок в адаптированном варианте арены Courtyard из Call of Duty: World at War. •Новое сражение с зомби: Origins, вошедший в состав набора дополнительных материалов Apocalypse, обещает стать самым захватывающим зомби-сражением в истории Call of Duty. Персонажи самой первой битвы с ожившими мертвецами, Танк, Николай, Такео и Рихтофен, возвращаются на поле боя. Уникальный стиль дизель-панка и мрачные окопы времен Первой мировой войны станут идеальной площадкой для окончательного сведения счетов!
1 6 July 2011 Request seeking letter of appointment of Greg Medcraft as Chairman of ASIC Letter of appointment dated 12 May 2011 To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
2 13 October 2011 Request seeking ASIC's procedures re s15(3) of the Public Service Act Document providing overview of the Australian Public Service Code of Conduct provisions To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
5 14 March 2012 Request for documentation pertaining to referral of matters between ASIC and APRA Edited extract from Joint Protocol for Co-operation between APRA and ASIC To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
6 14 March 2012 Request for documentation confirming appointment of Mr Gregory Medcraft as a Commissioner of ASIC Appointment notification To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
7 19 March 2012 Request for list of companies with their registered office at a specified address List of companies as requested To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
9 10 April 2012 Request for information pertaining to unclaimed money List pertaining to unclaimed money amounts To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
10 10 April 2012 Request for information pertaining to unclaimed money List pertaining to unclaimed money amounts To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
13 7 August 2012 Request for copies of submissions received in response to ASIC Consultation Paper 91 Non Traditional Rights Issues (CP91) Copies of submissions received To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
17 25 October 2012 Request for documentation including copies of specific product disclosure statements Copies of three product disclosure statements pertaining to investment products To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
18 25 October 2012 Request for copy of ASIC report entitled Consumer Credit Legal Services in Australia Copy of report and attachments To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
21 29 April 2013 Request for administrative documentation pertaining to 27 February 2013 ASIC attendance with Federal Member Stephen Jones and others re Trio Capitol collapse. Copies of documentation addressing ASIC attendance at the 27 February 2013 meeting To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
23 20 May 2013 Request seeking information regarding amounts ASIC has received and predicted future receipt amounts - from inactive bank and life insurance accounts that have been inactive for 3 years. Documents containing information pertaining to amounts received by ASIC and predicted future receipt amounts from inactive bank and life insurance accounts. To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
25 4 June 2013 Request for document provided in response to 2 Parliamentary Questions on Notice asked by Mr Paul Fletcher MP to the Assistant Treasurer on 10 May 2011. ASIC Response to Question on Notice No 355. Notice given 10 May 2011. To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
26 27 June 2013 Request seeking documentation pertaining to an accounting relief application made to ASIC in respect to Kangara Limited Communications between ASIC and applicant pertaining to the aforementioned relief application To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
27 1 July 2013 Request seeking copies of correspondence between ASIC and internet service providers pertaining to the blocking, pursuant to s313 of the Telecommunications Act 1997 of internet websites between Sept 2012 and May 2013. Copies of s313 internet site blocking requests and communications between ASIC and internet service providers during relevant period. To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
28 1 July 2013 This request sought copies of requests made by ASIC pursuant to s313 of the Telecommunications Act 1997 (seeking the blocking of IP address sites) to internet providers during 2011, 2012 and 2013. Copies of s313 internet site blocking requests issued by ASIC during 2011, 2012 and 2013. To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
29 1 July 2013 Request seeking copies of correspondence pertaining to requests made by ASIC pursuant to s313 of the Telecommunications Act 1997 seeking the blocking of internet websites including Global Capital Wealth. Copies of s313 internet site blocking requests issued by ASIC. To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
30 1 July 2013 Request seeking documents relating to requests made by ASIC to internet service providers, pursuant to s313 of the Telecommunications Act seeking the blocking of internet websites, including IP address 198. 136.54.104 between Sept 2012 and May 2013. Copies of s313 internet site blocking requests and communications between ASIC and internet service providers during relevant period. To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
31 10 July 2013 Request seeking documentation recording ASIC's final review findings in respect to the ASIC Connect business names service, post its implementation and launch in May 2012. ASIC End Project Report-National Business Names. Dated 31/01/2013 To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
32 12 July 2013 Request seeking documentation pertaining to use by ASIC of s313 of the Telecommunications Act 1997, including internal policy guidance and communications/meetings with other agencies re the use of s313. Copies of s313 Notices, internal guidance material and documentation pertaining to communications and meetings with other agencies re the use of s313 To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
33 2 August 2013 Directions made by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission under s672A of the Corporations Act 2001 between the period 1 July 2012 to 31 December 2012. Directions made by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission under s672A of the Corporations Act 2001 between the period 1 July 2012 to 31 December 2012 Information edited because of an exception in s11C of the Freedom of Information Act 1982
34 8 August 2013 Documents about Trio Capital held by ASIC's Deputy Chair, Peter Kell. Documents about Trio Capital held by ASIC's Deputy Chair, Peter Kell To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
36 30 January 2014 Copy of consolidated deed of variation dated 6 May 1958 of the Provident Fund Copy of consolidated deed of variation dated 6 May 1958 of the Provident Fund
39 15 May 2014 Request for copies of communications between ASIC and Treasury/Treasurer regarding 'Letter of Expectation' addressing agency operations. Letter dated 20 February 2007 from Treasurer to ASIC, Letter of 27 June from ASIC Chairman to Treasurer. To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
40 21 May 2014 Request for copies of communications between ASIC and the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS), addressing the appointment of CameronRalph Navigator to conduct an independent review of FOS Four letters, being communications between ASIC and FOS addressing the appointment of CameronRalph Navigator to conduct the aforementioned review. To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
41 4 September 2014 Request for figures in relation to the number of unclaimed monies claims paid in 2013-2014 in respect of the following categories
Table listing number of claims and amounts reunited with owners in relation to company unclaimed money in 2013-2014 - Released in full To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
42 4 September 2014 Documents concerning section 23 of the Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Act 1993 in the period leading up to September 2009. One page of an ASIC publication Super Decisions (dated October 2007) and 5 screen shots of ASIC's Fido website. Released in full. To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
43 4 September 2014 Documents relating to American Express credit card interest rate policy for defaulting cardholders Copy of various American Express credit card interest rate policy documents .
44 7 October 2014 All directions under s672A of the Corporations Act 2001 sent by ASIC or Consolidated Minerals Limited to certain entitles (the directions) and correspondence relating to the directions. The directions dated 31 October 2007 - Released with redactions. To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
45 11 November 2014 Document containing details of ASIC's investigations expenditure in relation to Trio Capital for the period October 2013 to September 2104 A table containing details of the information sought in the request. Released in full. To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
46 11 November 2014 Correspondence from ASIC referring a matter to the NSW Police Service ASIC referral letter to the NSW Police Service under s 127(4) of the ASIC Act. To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
47 16 January 2015 Audit reports submitted to ASIC for a financial services licensee for FY 2010/2011 and 2011/2012 Audit report lodged with ASIC by a financial services licensee dated 30 September 2011 To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
48 16 January 2015 Documents held by ASIC concerning a US broker Printout of Broker Check Report from US Financial Services Industry Regulatory Authority website To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
49 16 January 2015 Documents concerning PPB Advisory's costs of investigation into Trio Capital and report of achievements during phases 1 & 2 of investigation Printout of ASIC Assetless Administration Fund grant reporting document from ASIC's website To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
50 19 February 2015 FOI requests received by ASIC (in the FY 12/13 and 13/14) and subsequent ASIC decisions on those requests where ASIC's decisions relied upon the exemption in s47C of the FOI Act FOI requests received by ASIC in the defined period and subsequent ASIC decisions on those requests where ASIC's decisions relied upon the exemption in s47C of the FOI Act. Released in part To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
51 19 February 2015 Documents concerning Macquarie Equities Limited (MEL) financial advice remediation as announced by ASIC in 14-201MR Final client letter sent by MEL to clients and Macquarie Private Wealth review process referred to in the final client letter. Released in full. To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
52 19 February 2015 Documents concerning the PI Insurance available on behalf of the investors of Trio Capital Wright GlobaI Investments Pty Ltd , Certificate of Professional Indemnity Insurance. Released in full To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
53 25 February 2015 Documents concerning ASIC's IT resources and STAR Programme business case Documents listing ASIC's IT resources, Copy of STAR Programme business case.
54 25 February 2015 Documents concerning IT jobs in ASIC Documents listing number of positions filled and applications received for each IT role between 2010 and 2014. Released in full To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
55 25 February 2015 ASIC's / liquidator's report / assessment of certain documents concerning Trio Capital PPB Advisory's further Explanatory Memorandum to Unitholders dated 4 August 2010. Released in full To access the documents please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
56 25 February 2015 Copies of correspondence between ASIC and another party in relation to Trio Capital
Documents concerning the positions and delegations held by certain ASIC staff during specified periods and codes and policies concerning staff conduct
Codes and policies concerning staff conduct applicable to ASIC staff during certain specified periods.
Document containing details of ASIC's investigations expenditure in relation to Trio Capital for the period September 2009 to 22 July 2015
Documents concerning any ASIC investigation into movements in the Australian dollar immediately before the 3 February 2015 RBA interest rate decision
Internal ASIC emails and memo concerning ASIC's enquiries into foreign currency movements during the relevant period. Released in part.
Documents concerning applications received by ASIC concerning the property of deregistered companies and documents relating to ASIC's policies and procedures concerning the sale by ASIC of the property of deregistered companies
A copy of a purported deed dated 26 August 1986 for a superannuation fund where the sponsoring employer was Elders IXL Limited and a copy of the attached purported Rules.
Copy of a deed dated 26 August 1986 between Elders IXL Limited and Elders Superannuation Ltd attaching Elders IXL Superannuation Fund Rules. Released in full.
Correspondence between ASIC and Standard Builders Pty Ltd and any other party about the company from 16 January 2011 to 16 October 2015
Copy of ASIC memo dated 29 November 2010 concerning Trio Capital Ltd and the Enforceable Undertaking from Shawn Richard.
Documents concerning ASIC's arrangements for the handling of FOI requests during the 2015 Christmas period
Documents containing guidance material governing the handling of FOI applications. Joint protocols for co-operation/ MOUs between ASIC and listed government agencies.
3 guides concerning the processing of FOI requests. Liaison arrangements between ASIC and the Commonwealth Ombudsman dated 1997 Released in full To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
Copy of correspondence referred to by ASIC's Deputy Chairman before the Senate Economics References Committee on 28 April 2016
Template of letter sent to insurers as part of ASIC's review of the life insurance industry. Released in full To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
73 27 May 2016 Documents concerning Trio and Shawn Richard Article titled "Bankruptcy trustee hunts Richard's money" and table titled Deposits to AAM from GCSL & Shawn Richard. Released in full To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
74 2 June 2016 Documents lodged with ASIC about a financial adviser Appoint a financial representative form & Maintain a financial representative form (released in part) To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
75 2 June 2016 Documents concerning ASIC's investigation into the Bryan Byrt Group ASIC investigation progress reports for certain dates (released in part) To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
76 11 August 2016 ASIC emails and file notes concerning a credit licensee ASIC emails and other documents concerning ASIC's consumer lease project (released in part) To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
77 11 August 2016 A copy of a letter sent by ASIC to 30,000 companies seeking to obtain information on whistleblowing A template of a letter sent by ASIC to various companies regarding whisteblowing (released in full) To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
78 11 August 2016 Documents evidencing communications between certain named ASIC officers and other parties in which reference is made to Select Vantage, True North Vantage, Merlito Securities Company Ltd 2 documents evidencing communications between ASIC and others (released in part) To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
79 16 August 2016 Documents concerning matters outlined in ASIC media release MR 16-050 Internal ASIC emails concerning matters outlined in ASIC media release MR 16-050 (released in part) To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
80 19 August 2016 Documents concerning Jervois Mining Ltd ASIC email and newspaper article (released in part) To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
81 31 August 2016 Documents concerning a prospectus lodged with ASIC by Celsius Coal Limited ASIC emails, records of telephone discussions and other documents concerning the prospectus (released in part) To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
82 28 October 2016 Documents concerning CME Capital Australia & IMCG Pty Ltd Chart containing the Theoretical value of combined portfolios of IMCG Pty Ltd from 2015 onwards (released in full) To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
83 22 November 2016 The 12 non-confidential submissions referred to in ASIC Report 216 - Response to submissions on CP135 Mortgage Exit Fees: Unconscionable fees and unfair contract terms 12 non-confidential submissions. Released in full To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
84 22 November 2016 Documents evidencing communications between certain named ASIC officers and other parties in which reference is made to Select Vantage, True North Vantage, Merlito Securities Company Ltd 4 documents evidencing communications between ASIC and others. Released in part To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
85 23 December 2016 Annexures to the letter dated 19th December 2014 from the ASX to ASIC concerning BBY Limited. 6 annexures to a letter dated 19th December 2014 from the ASX to ASIC concerning BBY Limited. To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
86 20 January 2017 ASIC's covering letter/email to its response to questions on notice to the Senate enquiry into the performance of ASIC Covering email containing ASIC response to questions on notice. Released in full To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
87 20 January 2017 Letter ASIC sent to the major Australian banks concerning cross-selling practices Template of a letter ASIC sent to various banks. To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
88 23 January 2017 Documents evidencing communications between ASIC and any market participant in which reference is made to Select Vantage, True North Vantage, Merlito Securities Company Ltd 5 documents evidencing communications between ASIC and others.
89 24 January 2017 Statements of concerns issued by ASIC to various named issuers of prospectuses for equities 4 Statements of concerns issued by ASIC. Released in full. To access the document please email foirequest@asic.gov.au
90 25 January 2017 Documents concerning ASIC's Public Notices Website and Lodgement Project 4 voluntary undertakings with various liquidators (documents anonymised). Partial release
Internal correspondence and correspondence between ASIC and third parties relating to the development of the media releases
Documents containing summaries of the data ASIC collected on mistaken internet payments from subscribers to the ePayments code.
Internal correspondence and correspondence between ASIC and third parties relating to the development of the media releases and reports
Form 519 lodged with ASIC in relation to the winding up of Growth Plus Financial Group Pty Ltd. Documents between ASIC and Bendigo & Adelaide banks about ASIC's company alerts service.
Notices issued by ASIC in relation to ASIC's proactive risk- based surveillance program to the parties referred to in ASIC Report 528 (report item 56 and item 12)
5 Notices issued to parties under s912C & 912E of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to ASIC's proactive risk- based surveillance program referred to in ASIC Report 528
Correspondence in 2017 between ASIC and third parties concerning add-on insurance products sold by car dealers
Letter (including Annexure)from ASIC to a third party relating to add on insurance sold through car dealerships
Documents containing data sets provided to external organisations responsible for conducting ballots for all Enterprise Agreements proposed to take effect after 30 June 2014
Table describing the data sets ASIC provided to the ballot agent conducting the Enterprise Agreement ballots during the requisite period
The FS01 (AFSL application) and FS70 & FS71 forms lodged in relation to CPA Australia Advice Pty Ltd
Documents concerning telecommunications data as defined in the Telecommunications (Interception and Access) Act 1979
Documents concerning ASIC media release "05-360 ASIC works with superannuation funds to improve exit disclosure" relating to Qantas Superannuation, and investigations, directions or complaints relating to Qantas' handbooks or PDSs
Correspondence between ASIC and Qantas Superannuation, and internal documents relating to compliance with disclosure obligations.
Correspondence and any related documents between ASIC and PPB Advisory/KPMG on 7, 11 and 13 August 2015
Summary notes and agenda of meeting between ASIC and the CEOs of the big 4 accounting firms - KPMG, Deloitte, PwC and EY held in August
Agenda of meeting held between ASIC and the CEOs of the big 4 accounting firms - KPMG, Deloitte, PwC and EY held on 14 August 2017
Documents concerning purchases of current and historical extracts of Rescue Medics Australia Pty Ltd
The FS01 application and the Certificate of Currency of PI insurance in relation to Citywide Investment Services Pty Ltd
You have chosen to download Blue white theme s40 240x320 by Wb7themes. By downloading this free Themes Nokia 240x320 you agree that:
Brad Auerbach has been covering the media, entertainment, travel and technology scene for many years. He has written for Forbes, Time Out London, Village Voice, LA Weekly and early in his career won a New York State College Journalism Award.
Millions of users worldwide are engaged by the power and usability Apple's iPhone-based applications. The iPhone SDK provides a well-architected set of methodologies that our developers have experience using. The iPhone's web browsing and GPS support have let us build mobile applications that include:
Miss Lemon is a sexy Lemon, she comes from another galaxy and is a well known fighter where she lives. She was told by the king of her planet to go to the earth and to meet strong opponents so she could win the title of Sentai King. She pilots a mecha called MR. Squeezer who is obviously a red/yellow Lemon robot.
She does wear nickers but a legend says that if you see Miss's Lemon nickers, your brain will explode.
We exist to provide an environment for artists to learn and improve their sequential art skills competitively. Our community is designed to give critical feedback and encouragement to our many members the world over, at all skill levels.
Original site Copyright 2002-2017 Kevin Birtcher All characters and content Copyright 2002-2017 their respective owners Theme by SMFTricks - Modified by Brittney Scott & Jordan Bobo
Seal curved and uneven surfaces with the Tram 3/4" NMO Rubber Hole Plug. This item is made of quality soft rubber.
The 5ohm" Magnet NMO Mounting with Rubber Boot from Tram features a soft rubber boot on magnet for scratch protection and a 17ft. RG-58 A U cable with tinned, copper braid 95% & tinned, copper stranded center conductor.
The 51/2" Magnet NMO Mounting with Rubber Boot from Tram features a soft rubber boot on magnet for scratch protection and a 17-foot. RG-58 A/U cable with tinned copper braid and 95 percent tinned copper stranded center conduct
Secure your antenna with the Tram NMO Mirror Mount Kit. This stainless steel mirror mount includes a 17-foot coaxial cable.
Amplify your signal with the Tram Dual Band NMO Antenna. This antenna features unity gain VHF, no tuning and 2.5 dBd gain.
The Tram 1655 8' Marine GPS Antenna with nylon ratchet mount is the perfect antenna to have on the go. This Tram Antenna features a nylon ratchet mount for easy lay-down. Other features of this marine antenna include a gain of
The Marine 8' VHF Fiberglass Antenna from Tram is pre-tuned for all marine band frequencies. It has a 6dBd gain and an extra-long range. It's heavy-duty fiberglass construction means it can stand up to the elements on the
The Tram 1620-HC 8' VHF Marine Antenna covers all marine-band frequencies for comprehensive reception. This marine radio antenna has heavy-duty fiberglass construction and stainless steel hardware for both durability and weath
The Tram 1610-HC 5' VHF Marine Antenna covers various marine-band frequencies, has a sturdy design and is constructed from heavy-duty fiberglass. With a nylon ratchet mount for easy lay down, the 3DB antenna has stainless stee
Enjoy excellent reception from your radio when you are out on the water with this Tram 1609-HC 46" VHF Marine Antenna. It is built to last with a heavy-duty fiberglass construction and durable stainless steel hardware that is
The Tram 46" VHF Marine Antenna is built to last with its heavy-duty fiberglass construction and stainless steel hardware. It's portable and easy to use with its 20ft RG-58 cable and an easy screw-off PL-259 connector for
I would have loved to watch the Tabu with Gina Janssen s Orgy , 3some , Group Sex. Friends are having rest together. Deepthroat , Orgy , Gangbang. These wild cock crazed nymphos are fun to watch and they love to share 5:
Noemilk. Age: 21. Take care, i hope to see you in bucharest or rest of europe and dont forget to leave your email address when you write.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. The hot ass fucked gangbang-queen! Enjoy black nookie, Indian group orgies, horny college jocks, and metrosexual hunks that love the feeling of being around a gang of beautiful men. Slut wife gangbanged by husband and friend. Hot GF riding nerdy guy and cumming.
You must enter a pornstar name that already exists in our database. Three cocks for the price of one. Taboo home stories with hungry mature moms He has one nasty, and in some occasions interestingly kinky girlfriend Sexy white ladies in the masks were sharing one dick. Hardcore , Orgy , Gangbang.
Go love to have that golden pussy in another planet. A perfect body made to be fucked hard and sweet. I WANT TO CUM ALL OVER THAT BEAUTIFUL FACE.
A new Google Experiment allows you to turn websites into marble rolling games. It asks you to connect a mobile phone but also works with just your PC. Kind of, anyway.
The goal is to roll a marble about a 3D approximation of a website to try and grab as many point doo-dads as possible before your lose connection and the game resets. Actually, there’s a time limit but I’ve never reached it before getting a ‘connection lost,’ message, even though I’m just using my PC for control. I’ve rolled around the All Around Gaming Hub homepage a few times and the best score I’ve gotten was just under 800 (numbers approximate because again, the thing crashes). Anyone want a crack at topping that?
Nov. 4 please join Bud and I for our annual charity live stream for Extra Life. We will be up and running for a total of 24 hours.
Your contribution whether be it watching or donating are both largely appreciated by those that are afflicted with illness and are in need of help. Our goal is to help the best way we can. Thank you for considering watching and thank you for your continued enjoyment of AAGH Games /AAGH /Chaosisgaming.com
16 Jun You could, conceivably, get away with never installing a plugin synth, simply using the ones that came with your DAW, but where would be the. 17 Jun - 6 min - Uploaded by DJ TechTools Mad Zach's Top 5 Free VST Plugins for Electronic Producers Up next. The Ten Best Free. In volume 4 of our free VST roundup series we're gonna give you some soft synth magic. Why synths? Because they sound great and are fun-level infinity.
22 Apr 7 innovative VST synths for making cutting-edge sounds You'd be forgiven for thinking that electronic music is stuck in a nostalgia loop, but in. The synth that defined bass music, this powerhouse synthesizer is an uncompromising sonic monster and one of the go-to choices for bass music and electro Xfer Serum - Best Kontakt Libraries - Massive by Native Instruments. 19 Jul 10 Best Free VST Synth Synths In The World. As promised, this follow-up to the 10 Best Free VST Plugins list (that is, just effects and processors) is all about synths. Some of these Really good free electronic VST. ^^.
19 Dec Based on the presets, there's a definite electronic dance music angle to this VST synth; we're not saying that this is a synth for dance music, but. 3 Aug NI FM8 This great sounding FM synth was used by Skrillex. It's probably not a synth for beginners, as it takes a while to get your head. 2 Jul Top Free VST Plugins for Electronic Music Producers Modelled off the classic Juno 60 hardware synth, this free plugin is a polyphonic. Audio plugins for all operating systems (Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, iOS and Android), tagged as Synth. The results are sorted by most popular with KVR. 14 Apr The amount of synth plugins out there is enough to keep you busy for lifetimes. Going cost-free narrows the selection down but still leaves.
Free VST downloads: (Analog synth by Pianovintage) - 44 S (Analog synth by GTG) - vox (Yamaha CS emulation by KBplugs) - Alice (Soviet. Hey guys, can anyone experienced enough propose some good VST instruments, plug-ins and synths for providing a decent electronic music. Improve your projects with quality free vst instruments & effects for download. vst presets / patches and free synth vst plugins available for download. ELECTRO CITY possesses limitless creativity, fusing together all things cinematic , synth, industrial, trap, house, dubstep, EDM, trance, techno, breakbeat, and.
IMEA SEQUENCER Sequencer designed for live play and for create your own music (House, Electro, Techno, Progressive ). Roland Cloud's Electrode electro house synth software is just one of the many decay and wet/dry mix controls; Per instrument limiter toggle; VST parameter. Alchemy is a monster of a synth with multiple sound-generating engines, including additive, spectral, formant, granular, and virtual analog. It's also a robust. Electronica Loops, Downtempo Electronica Sounds, Cinematic Synth Samples, Electronic VST Presets at christopheraby.com
Luxury Dining Chairs Awesome Luxury Dining Chairs And Manufacturer Directory Suppliers Manufacturers Luxury Dining Chairs With Arms	October 17, 2018	buyorganicfood
luxury dining chairs awesome luxury dining chairs and manufacturer directory suppliers manufacturers luxury dining chairs with arms.
inspiring luxury dining chairs and enchanted chair for new home sale table set india uk,enchanted dining chair luxury by chairs ebay melbourne for sale,luxury upholstered dining chairs uk australia table set india amazing design home designs ideas,amazing dining chairs for your luxury room home and furniture uk toronto india,dining chairs and table fair design ideas charming cheap luxury uk fancy room furniture,fancy dining chairs uk luxury room furniture home design for sale australia,luxury dining chairs for sale table sets uk white modern room ideas with,luxury dining room furniture uk chairs perth australia chair by,luxury dining sets uk chairs australia furniture chair with regard to new house fancy,luxury dining table sets uk elegant chair plan including chairs perth india.
Himself - Survivalist 1 episode, Max Djenohan That can be a little gross. Nude sexy photoshoot. The production crew goes back to base camp at the end of the day and the two are left alone in the wild.
The Discovery Channel sends a group of naked coupled strangers into the wild for three weeks. We have a lot of in-house terms. Naked and afraid cast uncensored. Ready Player One 6. Himself - Lindsey's Husband 1 episode, Himself - Lindsey's Husband 1 episode, Natalie True or not, it was her time to leave.
Laura San Giacomo 5. The remaining competitors head to Piranha Lake where they compete for the limited resources found in and around the dangerous body of water. Herself - Survivalist 2 episodes, Lee Diehl Naked and Afraid prides itself on forcing contestants to be minimalists, yet the show is perfectly fine with keeping you on schedule with your prescription.
Lindsey Gentile Pop Culture. Herself - Survivalist 4 episodes, Fernando Calderon Retrieved July 5, Danglers, Nip Slips and Side Boob: Great music festivals to attend in The producers like to keep the groups in contained areas for maximum control, and their choice for such a close proximity to towns and villages proves that.
Instead, she got nausea, dizziness, and lucid dreams, among other symptoms. Season 3, Episode 7 September 6, Himself - Survivalist 3 episodes, Jason Szabo Herself - Survivalist 3 episodes, Honora Bowen Naked and Afraid doesn't specify having prize money for winners, but it's not like the contestants are simply playing for the love of the great outdoors.
There's no sleep for Brandon and Robin to get when a ferocious big cat circles your shelter at night, like this one in Mexico. Serena williams hot nude photos. Himself - Survivalist 3 episodes, Alyssa Ballestero Thats the money shot!
Himself - Survivalist 2 episodes, Jake Nodar Himself - Survivalist 1 episode, Maria Corrales The food would end up lasting four weeks for his fellow contestants. Available to Stream Watch on. No cash prize has been announced for successful XL participants. Herself - Luke's Girlfriend 1 episode, Herself - Supervising Producer 1 episode, Ryan Anderson Any Hooking Up For Osorio? The final part of the challenge is attempted as each team treks over to the extraction point.
Retrieved May 9, Herself - Survivalist 2 episodes, Lee Diehl However, this is not true. Naked and afraid cast uncensored. Himself - Survivalist 2 episodes, Cassidy Flynn ThePremium offers ad free access to all ScreenRant content and so much more! The go-to source for comic book and superhero movie fans. Season 3, Episode 6 August 16, It can be extremely tedious work, so we've seen people come and go from here. To Hail and Back Jun 3, Thirteen "Naked and Afraid" all-stars attempt to survive in Africa's Selati River Basin, where they compete for resources among the region's apex predators, including lions, hippos and hyenas; with insider facts and bonus footage.
Miley Cyrus put her back into her Met Gala dress. Megan decorates and Nick contributes furniture of his own construction. Board games lead to lesbian sex for Macy Cartel and Emily Addison strips of her lingerie outdoors. I found a shop space in Red Hook and built a canoe. She gave me a stern talking to about how yes, there might be 'some interest' in me but she wasn't about to 'get involved' with somebody she was doing a play with.
Maggie Grace looks tight in a black leather miniskirt at Wind River premiere. Gone Home Who will be the last man standing? The day before the Emmys, Megan and Nick throw a small get-together. Maggie Grace goes redheaded and low cut. Lesbians Natalia Starr and Layla Rose explore each o
“The Landsat series of satellites is a cornerstone of our Earth observing capability. The world relies on Landsat data to detect and measure land cover/land use change, the health of ecosystems, and water availability,” NASA Administrator Charles Bolden told the Subcommittee on Space Committee on Science, Space and Technology U.S House of Representatives in April 2015.
“Landsat 9 [will] propel the program past 50 years of collecting global land cover data,” said Jeffrey Masek, Landsat 9 Project Scientist at Goddard. “That’s the hallmark of Landsat: the longer the satellites view the Earth, the more phenomena you can observe and understand. We see changing areas of irrigated agriculture worldwide, systemic conversion of forest to pasture – activities where either human pressures or natural environmental pressures are causing the shifts in land use over decades.”
Landsat 9 was announced on Apr. 16, 2015. Landsat 8 was successfully launched on Feb. 11, 2013 and the Landsat data archive continues to expand.
This week you can read a collection of nine case stories shared by Sitra’s Social Education Alumni who experimented with Sensemaker, and view a brilliant “Introduction to Sensemaker”.
The Agile Scaling debate surfaced again this week with the publication of the “Agile at Scale” article in HBR. Read more about Dave’s views on scaling in complex systems, and share your thoughts about this article with him in LinkedIn (see last entry in this Friday Five Edition).
SenseMaker is a tool for decision making in a new world: nine case stories (Sitra's Social Education Alumni)
Sitra’s social education SenseMaker experiments finally took part in ten organizations of society or business who experimented with the tool to the challenge they chose.
Many of the experiments were underpinned by change, sometimes very tangible: Greenpeace looked at climate change, Alma Media’s changing relationship with authorities. Others wanted to find out about the need for change: The Finnish Red Cross asked how volunteering should change, Cosmopolis explored ways to get immigrants better to work. The KEHA Center explored what kind of leadership the te-service employees needed in the regional reform. Vimma wanted to get information from the experiences of creative professionals in the workplace, Heureka, about how people understand the health of the brain. The Competitiveness and Peer Sports Research Center explained what is relevant to sports in the sport.
A total of 1468 stories were collected from alumni SenseMaker experiments. They form a cross-section of Finnish reality right now. Most stories were collected by Alma Media (304 stories) and Broadcasting (258).
The Sustainable Board Game was inspired by the concept of Candy Land to encourage children that learning about renewable and non-renewable resources can be fun. The game itself is completely sustainable and biodegradable with a wooden base and laser cut game pieces.
Directions: Choose your game piece of Solar, Electric, Hydro or Renewable and make your way through toxic factories and wind farms on a fun and educational journey towards higher powered, clean energy. Each player will take turns picking up cards with scholastic facts concerning energy consumption. When answered correctly or mistaken, move your game piece to the number of spaces detected on each playing card. The first player to make it to Energized will be crowned the winner.
Make a donation to Downtempo Chronicles by clicking the button above! Your donation goes to help support web hosting services for the content of Downtempo Chronicles and our companion blog, Dancefloor Mayhem. Any help is greatly appreciated so we can continue to bring you this great music!
“It’s a nice time for us to worship and try to get the message and hear some music and have a little fellowship together before we get to racing.” Read more of that interview by clicking the link below: A conversation with Matt and Katie Kenseth #18 Kevin Durant, Chris Paul fuel U. Men’s Basketball Team’s Olympic gold medal performance There were few surprises from the U. But the bottom line held true for Le Bron James, Kobe Bryant and their NBA compatriots.
After going undefeated and beating Spain 107-100 in the final game, the American squad, as expected, brought home the gold medal.
Detroit Tigers first baseman Age: 31 In a "down year" in 2014, Cabrera still had 25 home runs and 109 RBIs while batting .313-.371-.524.
Pole vaulter Age: 28 The pole-vault world record of 6.14 meters stood for 20 years, until Lavillenie broke it in 2014.
We have a lot of talented players coming up and I would want them to to keep our traditions up in the Olympics.
They must have their time as well.” The USA certainly needed a few moments of magic from Bryant, not to mention their other ’go-to’ players Le Bron James and Kevin Durant with the latter seemingly poised to take over any season now from that duo as basketball’s new global superstar.
After rain moved the race to Monday night, the Great American Race featured several high speed wrecks and a bizarre incident that saw Juan Pablo Montoya crash into a jet drier truck during a caution resulting in a massive fire and two-hour delay.Since Brazil hosted the 2014 World Cup — a tournament instantly identifiable by Brazilian tears inside the stadium and poignant protests from residents outside — the path to the 2016 Olympics was a roller coaster, all lurches and plummets.In hindsight, we’re learning, slowly, the hard way, that cities can’t really afford to build dozens of stadiums at once, even if it is for the most grandiose, jumbo-sized sports events.Pessimistic reporting just weeks before the Opening Ceremony gave the impression that triathletes were liable to get smacked in the face, while swimming, by floating garbage, among other issues with venues that may or may not have their paint dry before performing hosting duties.The most triumphant moments for the Brazilian audience came during volleyball competitions — both of them, outside on Copacabana Beach and inside in the daunting, raucous Maracanãzinho.
Im new so im not sure if this question has been asked countless times before (sorry if it has) but does anyone know where I could purchase the B.O.D.Y. volumes by Ao Mimori in english? If anyone knows could u please tell me! thank you!
i'm not sure if B.O.D.Y is being licensed...because if it was Dragonvoice wouldn't be scanlating =) i guess you just have to wait for it to be licensed by a company before you can purchase B.O.D.Y in english =)
uhm... chapter five can be accessed on the BODY project page on the DV website... but maybe you were talking about volume five? DV hasn't released chapters from that volume yet, so please wait for them. :]
but... is it transleated (sorry, if i wrote it wrong) into english, or it's only avaiable in japanese?
as far as i know, BODY hasn't been licensed by english companies yet (or else DV would probably not be scanlating it). so the answer to your question is yes, the books are only available in japanese, and possibly chinese/korean...
B.O.D.Y is not out in chinese yet, I've been trying to look for this too, but just can't find it anywhere.
Okay, even if volume 5 came out in 2005, it's not likely that DV as a scanlation group can keep up with the manga's releases in japan... Scanlation is time-consuming work that makes it very difficult for scanlators to release translated and edited chapters as soon as they come out in japan; only with some extremely popular manga like naruto does this happen, thanks to extremely dedicated scanlation teams. It really shouldn't come as a surprise at all that DV is still working on volume 5 even though the manga has 9 volumes out in Japan; we have other things to do than to scanlate manga 24/7. Volume 5 and on will come out when DV is able to release them.
Among fans who don't read japanese/korean/japanese, it's common courtesy to wait patiently while scanlation groups work on chapters of manga/manhwa. Scanlators are all volunteers who do all this hard work for free and have school and/or jobs in addition to all the other things in their lives. If you really "can't wait" then go learn japanese and buy B.O.D.Y at http://www.nippon-export.com/catalog/index.php?cPath=24_33_825_2173. If you're unable to spend your own money to do that, then perhaps you could learn to edit and join DV; then you could help DV to release B.O.D.Y. as fast as you would like.
I apologize for sounding so bitchy and ornery. I just wanted to make it clear that scanlators are not required to release chapters super-quickly. Please be patient. Thanks! :]
Chapter 1 of volume 5 was partially translated before the translator quit, but was kind enough to hand it she had done. I'm trying to get the rest translated, which will hopefully be soon, but yeah if you want faster releases please help out with translating it from japanese. Otherwise I hope you'll be patient and we'll release BODY as soon as we have the chapters ready.
i've read a lot and now i'm looking for new, fresh shoujo stories. so what shoujo manga could you recommend me? list your fave top 5 and a li'l description of the manga please.
so far the really good ones i've read are Fruits Basket, HanaKimi, PGE and all of Tachibana Higuchi and Kyoko Hikawa works. there are more, but i can only remember these atm.
I like most of the manga of Seino Shizuru (mangaka of Heaven!, Jun'ai Tokkou Taichou, Power!!/Girl Got Game) She hads really funny manga so if you like funny manga . I also recommend manga of Hino Matsuri, most of them contain romance. Tsukuba Sakura has great manga too most of them are romance/fantasy...
A top 5 of my fav manga is really hard I have so many manga I like xD so I'll just give descriptions of my fav manga from the mangakas I've mentioned before.
Itou is very disruptive at school as she possesses the spiritual power to see and exorcise the ghosts she sees there. Uzaki is a disruptive "Yankee" classmate who one day whilst saving her from being hit by a lorry has his spirit knocked out of his body! Of course the irate "spirit" of Uzaki blames Itou for his situation! Things only get worse when Uzaki's unconscious body is high jacked by Keiju who claims to be ... a God, who wants to use it for less than pure reasons! What is Itou to do when she's being haunted by a "living" ghost and chased by a body possessed by a God?!
My opinion: What happens to Uzaki and such is really funny, he tries to get his own body back but without any succes. I really like chapter 3 it was so funny xD ... Just try it!
Aizawa Kyou was happy when she found out that she was transferring to a top public high school. She always wanted to wear the cute girl's school uniform that it was famous for. However, when she opened the parcel that contained her future school uniform, she found a BOY's uniform. Enraged, she confronts her father about it. Starry-eyed, he explains that his injury caused him to be unable to chase his dream of joining the NBA. Since that high school is also famous for it's top boys' basketball team, he enrolled her in there. Kyou has no choice but to cut her wispy long hair, face the challenge of being in an all-boys dorm, have a roommate that is at odds with her, beat off fan gals (she's a girl herself after all ^^ ... The list goes on!
My opinion: Like most of Shizuru Seino's manga the funnyness rate is very high I also read this manga with a lot of laughter XD
Yuuki's earliest memory is of a stormy winter's night when she was attacked by a vampire...then saved by another. Ten years later, she has grown up a guardian of the vampire race, protecting her savior, Kaname, from discovery as he leads a group of reformed vampires at an elite boarding academy. But at her side is a boy called Zero, who burns with hatred for the creatures who destroyed everything that he ever cared for, and is determined never to trust them. Have the vampires truly renounced their murderous ways, or is there a darker truth behind their actions? Is Kaname's infatuation with Yuuki the beginning of a forbidden romance? Or is it something in her lost memories that draws him to her? Because in this world of secrets, nothing is as it seems, and nobody is who they say they are. And the price of misplaced faith may well be worse than death.
My opinion: Though the other manga of Hino Matsuri contained more romance this manga is pretty good too though I don't read a lot of manga with a lil' romance... This manga contains more angst and such. There are a lot of secrets yet to be revealed, so because I'm really curious i like it ^^.
Merupuri, also called Marchen Prince or Meruhen Prince, is a shoujo manga by Hino Matsuri. The story is about a school girl Airi, who one day stumbles upon prince Aram from the Magic Kingdom Astelle. He can enter the "real" world through a special seven sided mirror.
Though Aram is still a child, due to some dark spell casted by his brother, Aram matures into a guy everytime he comes in dark places. The only way he turns back to normal again, is through the "princess"'s kiss...
All high-school freshman Airi Hoshina ever wanted was to someday live in a cozy home with a loving husband, and find joy in the little things in life. As a result, she makes it her daily mission to get to school on time because school legend has it that the longer one's non-tardy streak is, the better boyfriend one will find. But just when her daily routine is working like clockwork, an occurrence of fairytale proportions threatens to disrupt her grand plan.
On the way to school one morning, Airi drops her mirror�one that had been passed down to her through generations�and suddenly finds herself in a bizarre situation. Never in her wildest dreams did she expect to meet Aram, a little boy from a magical kingdom, to have emerged from the mirror in the short time it took her to track it down!
My opinion: This manga is soo cute and romantic. The love between Aram and Airi isn't accepted by the ppl of Aram's kingdom because of Airi's origin, so you'll wonder what will happen to them.
One day when 17-year-old Sagara Kurumi accidently bumps into a guy on the streets, reins suddenly appear and binds them both! What is this?! Things get even more confusing when the boy, Kaito, clasps her hands and calls her his master! When Kaito transforms into a reindeer it just becomes too much for poor Kurumi who's out as a light. But it does indeed seem like Kurumi's a santa and Kaito's her reindeer and that they've got an important job to do on Christmas Eve~ ^^ The three first chapters are about this cute "couple" and the last one is simply a oneshot.
My opinion: The artwork is somewhat special, not that's the point why I like it :p. This manga contains such sweet romance, that's why i like it so much >0<
Sorry for my lame opinions...I'm really bad at giving them. and uhm...I hope this is lil' (uhum) enough ^^.
basically, it's about a girl who wants to become a singer, b/c of this boy she liked when she was younger and lived in an orphanage...
surgery is available, but she doesn't want it because after the surgery, she will be unable to sing.
on the day of the audition, two very cute shinigami appear..although she's not supposed to be able to see them... they try to prevent her from going to the audition, because she's supposed to meet someone that will stop her from dying, but she ends up going anyways.
she gets the audition and begins her career as a hit new star w/ new problems arising w/in the music world.
white_queen: lol, anything by tanemura arina is the epitome of "shojo-ish"... gigantic eyes, cheesy plots, romance-oriented, flowery art, etc etc. but her works are cute and entertaining, so...... lele: if you like that kind of girly stuff, tanemura's series are recommendable... other than full moon wo sagashite, another work of hers is kamikaze kaitou jeanne - about this girl who is the reincarnation of jeanne d'arc and goes around busting pictures with demons in them, and then she meets this guy who also goes around busting demons and stuff... and of course they fall in love... then they end up "helping God" (yeah, that doesn't make much sense to me either) to defeat the ultimate demon dude (like, the devil or something)... (sorry, i suck at summaries)
2) Ouran High School Host Club- a girl becomes good friends with the host club of a predigious HS... and well... more like their slave.
4) Land of the Blindfolded- there's these students who can see into the past/future, and to them, this place is like a distant land, where everyone's blindfolded, and can't see where they're headed [future]... well... [it's reallllly good! ... i should make this #1...]
I would seriously reccomend Crimson Hero, it's a great series. Shinshi Doumei Cross is another one that is really cute and I think soon there will be some fun twists and turns. Snow Drops is a nice dramatic type shoujo, if you like that kind of thing (I do ^^).
-Crimson Hero: Volleyball and cute boys and romance... Artwork is crisp and the storyline doesn't feel forced, overall very good.
-Bride of the Water God: Girl sacrifice becomes bride of cute but tempermental child god (or is he?)... Beautiful artwork and terrific storyline! So pretty I have a ton of the pix saved so I could make avatars and siggies ^^.
-Arakure: girl is orphaned only to be taken in by Yakuza Grandfather she thought was dead. Suddenly, she is a Mob Princess with a bodyguard who is very willing to do more than guard her body...(nothing smutty just cute kissy face love). Cute artwork and funny little storyline.
-Vanilla Ice: Sooo funny, a romantic love comedy that will delight almost anyone who likes Shoujo... I can't say too much without giving some of the story away...so read the first chapter and you'll be hooked.
-I Want You: Very weird, but very cute... Left with an aunt who dies and turns out to be a blackmailer...Who is she really and why is her birthmark important...Don't ask me I'm still reading franticaly!!
1. Paradise Kiss - about a smart student meeting with a bunch of high school fashion designer and asking her to model for them.
2. Kare First Love - Karin is a high school student who has never experienced love before she met this guy...
3. Goong - *my fave* a commoner is about to marry the crown prince of Korea which she totally detest..read to find out what would would happen to them.
4. Aishiteruze Baby - is this a shoujo manga? Well, anyway, Keppei is a playboy who is very popular among the girls. But his attitude changed when he was asked to take care of a cute little girl who has been left by her mother.
The famous and hot playboy from Asgard, Loki is banished from the world of the gods in the form of a child for no reason and he has to work as a detective(or demon detective?) in Enjaku detective agency. He then met a teenage girl named Mayura Daidouji who is obsessed with mysteries. He was slowly attracted to her as they worked together. But since it's shoujo, not ALL of it are about detective cases. Goddess that came down to earth express their love to him too. Freya and Skuld are the more crazy-in-love ones. Reiya(cute little girl) is the more quieter one. Loki slowly found out that he had some feelings for Mayura, even when his mistress Spica, came down to see him...
This is more shoujo-ish. Kaede Minami has a crush on her classmate Setsu Yuuki. One day, transfer student Azumi Hidaka expressed her feelings to Yuuki in a very short period of time. Kaede was upset of course. Her mum gave her a mug when she came back from school. As Kaede looked at the mug, there are some instuctions to making your wish come true written underneath. She followed the instructions and Love fairy Mirumo came out of the mug. But Mirumo is very selfish and arrogant. Kaede confessed to Yuuki at last but she's still a bit worried. when Mirumo sees that Kaede is really working hard for Yuuki to notice her, he decided to help her. He used magic to let Kaede and Yuuki sit next to each other. But the bad news it, Azumi was next to Yuuki as well!! Kaede and Azumi became rivals of love. One day, rich boy Kaoru Matsutake fell in love with Kaede and the love triangle turned into a love square!! And every character has a fairy too! What should Kaede do!
commoner Haruhi Fujioka stumbles on the host club of Ouran high. She then dressed up a guy in order to be a host as she had broken an expensive vase. I don't want to write another long summary so...but it's a really nice manga!! It seems like all the host club members seems to like her in one way or another but...who would she choose?
Luchia Nanami has a crush on her classmate Kaito Domoto. But she's a mermaid and he's a human so they can't be together. There's a lot of singing to defeat enemies and a lot of couples...well...I've only read volume 1 and watched only the anime so...
Trade orders (5 books or more) are accepted at the usual discounts via telephone, post or email, and should include an order number and contact name and phone number. Customers who do not already have an account with us, please make first contact by phone. Special orders of single copies may also be processed but discounts will vary to reflect shipping and other costs.
Dedalus Press titles are available in Ireland through Argosy as well as, by arrangement, from the press directly. A number of supportive specialist booksellers also stock the majority of our titles, notably Books Upstairs, 36 College Green, Dublin 2 and Kennys Bookshop and Art Gallery, Liosbán, Tuam Road, Galway. We are happy to supply other Irish and, by arrangement, international bookshops interested in carrying one or a range of our titles. Please email or call us for details.
Payments for books purchased direct from the Dedalus Press website may be paid for via either PayPal or Stripe. For volume, academic or other group orders, please contact us in advance for a special discount. (See also our Privacy Policy).
This site uses cookies. Click OK to accept and proceed, or read our detailed Cookie Policy for more info. Find out more.
Q. My partner and I are thinking about having a baby. What are the best natural steps to prepare my body for pregnancy? Should I start taking vitamins now? Can I continue to exercise?
A. Congratulations! Deciding to have a baby is an exciting time and being prepared is key. Creating healthy habits during this “preconception period” helps minimize complications during pregnancy and delivery and gives baby the best possible start.
Now is the time to visit with your health care practitioner and schedule your preconception care. Talking about things like diet, lifestyle, medications and family history are important to prevent any future problems or difficulties for mom and baby.
Nutritionally preparing your body before trying to conceive is an ideal way to ensure you’re pregnancy-ready. Dr. Sapna Flower, a naturopathic doctor at Restore Integrative Health, suggests taking a prenatal vitamin with at least 1 mg of folic acid (and if you’re 35 years or older, supplementing with 5 mg of folic acid) approximately 3 months before conception.
Up to 70% of fetal neural tube deformities can be prevented if sufficient levels of folic acid are taken during the earliest weeks of conception. Speaking with a naturopathic doctor about which supplements are well formulated and ways to naturally improve your chances of conceiving can help.
Lifestyle modifications, such as ceasing to smoke and avoiding alcohol are at the top of the list during the preconception period and beyond. Smoking has been shown to decrease fertility and increase the chances of having a low birthweight or premature baby. Excessive amounts of alcohol have been shown to interfere with the fetus’ ability to receive a healthy amount of oxygen needed for brain and organ development.
Exercising regularly will also ensure a healthy and happy pregnancy. An exercise plan will help to lower your risk of pregnancy related conditions such as gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Eating a balanced diet and maintaining an active lifestyle will benefit your body before, during and after pregnancy.
Identifying genetic diseases in your family history before pregnancy gives your health provider a chance to talk with you about any possible risks and may refer you for genetic counseling or testing.
A body free of aches and pains will function optimally. Seeking the care of a chiropractor or massage therapist will keep your body in check.
My name is Aliya. I am a chiropractic doctor and acupuncturist. But I’m much more than that. I’m a wife, mom, daughter, sister, runner, yogi and health advocate. I believe in feeling your best and leading by example. I hope to share my insights with you and help you on your journey to living your best life!
Read our Saturday gateway in Arachova for taking photos and our visit in the Archaeological Site of Delphi.
A completely different trip to the perfecture og Argolida. Read for our visit in the "Pyramid of Ellinikon", in the Ancient Theater of Argos and of course in the fort of Palamidi in the city of Nafplion.
To see a barn in your dream, signifies feelings kept in your unconscious. You may be holding back your natural instincts or actions.
free online dreams' dictionary is a source for dreams' interpretations by general, psychological, spiritual aspects and with dreams' meanings by religions like Christianity, Islam and Hinduism
Success and Moving toward Axis of a car shows continuing success and overcoming obstacles, if it runs like well lubricated. The axis creaks or breaks this indicates your stagnation or failure in a thing that you do or this may go on a good deal for you.
Life is running A quickly turning axis points to the fast way of life of the dreamer. The axis often represents also a perpetual motion machine – in the awake life the dreamer will rotate everything what is important to him and slows down his running through the life. And tries to enjoy the most important things in his life.
Changes if of a vehicle – In the dream you see an axis of the vehicle, this may announce you important changes which are caused by the journey;
Good sign if (of a car) see – The dream is a good omen that you are standing in front of a good company, which will help you to improve your life;
Worries if broken axis – When you see a broken axis in the dream, this signifies that the purpose of the trip is so useful and your business breaks down again, but soon you will overcome all the difficulties;
Stagnation if creaking – This dream shows that you will have stagnant in business and you have to work hard if you want to develop and have benefits;
Progress if running quietly – good progress in a matter which was strongly inhibited. Now nobody will stop you to reach your goals.
6.0 to 5.20 Potential Franchise Player - Possible Perennial All-Pro, and a guaranteed high First Round Pick.
5.19 to 4.40 Impact Player - Player who can change the course of a game and a consistent performer. Multiple Pro-Bowl possibilities and top ten selection
4.39 to 4.05 Quality Player - Someone who consistently gives good performances. Occasional Pro-Bowl appearances.
4.04 to 3.80 First Team Prospect - Player who has ability to make plays from the get go and start early into his rookie season.
3.79 to 3.59 Potential Starter - Usually a good athlete who must learn to be a football player or someone who is an “overachiever”. Quality early-to- mid round prospect with good long term potential
3.58 to 3.37 "Fence Prospect"- Player on the fence that has the skills and abilities but may need some time and patience.
3.36 to 2.99 Practice Squad - Late round or UDFA player who will develop and have his talents on the practice squad. Can find his way onto a roster as a special teamer.
While it's difficult not to be redundant with scouting reports, we tried to cut down the wordiness when giving statistics. Here is how to read the stats line for the different positions.
Over the course of the past several months much is said and written about the computer numbers of prospects in the draft. You'll see several differences in these numbers from different sources. We try and be as accurate as possible and give these numbers based on the playing height, weight and speed during each players last collegiate season, not some pumped up artificial number.
There is forty speed and playing speed, playing weight and workout weight. The weeks and months leading to the draft is filled with prospects working hard to specifically add bulk, become stronger or get their forty time down. In reality many of these prospects cannot maintain this weight during the grind of a long season or do not play to the listed stopwatch speed; running backs don't run in a straight-line (which is how the forty yard dash is recorded), the bodies of both offensive and defensive linemen break down and cannot maintain the added bulk or, if they do, they will lose a good amount of quickness and speed.
Where pertinent in the players bio we spoke of either how they performed in recent individual or combine workouts to give you an idea of what direction they are headed.
RT @christripodi: On Episode 3 of The Draft Analysts, me and @TonyPauline review Week 10 of the college football season, discuss some… https://t.co/jZoOmpHPdp
This site is an independently operated source of news and information and is in no way affiliated with the National Football League (NFL) or the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) or any other league. All information listed within this site is copyright of TFY Draft Preview and its' associates. Any reproduction, republication or redistribution of this site's content without express consent is strictly prohibited and will be pursued to the fullest extent of the law.
Remember to pay your internet bills on time, children. The internet companies dont screw around when your late =.=. im get right on that RP tomorrow, its 12am and i got a cold lol.
Free forum | Video games | Other Roleplay games | © phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Forumotion.com
Notes • libellulids are 'sitters': males spend a lot of time perched at the water's edge, waiting for females
Abdomen • the abdomen bears two rows of elongated black spots laterally, with further black spots dorsally on S8-S9 and a thin black line along the bottom edge
farmhouse dining table chairs ideas farm plans small and for sale,shabby chic farmhouse tables collection on diy table bench and chairs white with,used farmhouse table and chairs for sale small best ideas on lovely farm chair,farmhouse table and chairs for sale ireland farm chair ideas amazing dining room masterly pics on charming brown set with bench,dining room astonishing farmhouse table set kitchen and chairs for sale ideas with bench,farmhouse kitchen table with chairs and bench reading chair set 4 the farm for sale white,farmhouse table chairs ideas industrial hack farm for sale pine and,farmhouse table and chairs for sale near me small farm house kitchen sets antique set with bench,farmhouse table chairs for sale dining and grey kitchen plans,small farmhouse table and chairs for sale used dining bench french muse his.
Join Pamm's House Membership for printable Infant Activities, Toddler Curriculum, Literature Guides, Preschool Plans, Monthly Menus with Recipes and more.
Your privacy is EXTREMELY important to us. Many, many people in the Global BDSM Scene have their own reasons for requiring privacy, and as such it is perfectly normal in The Scene to require anonymity to a greater or lesser degree. For some it’s as simple as using a pseudonym or nickname, for others it may require a mask at every event they attend. We at The Crow Academy want you to know we find this not only Perfectly Normal for The Scene, but also we Respect and we will Defend every single Right that you have to your own Privacy.
While we live by every legalese word of the stated policy below, we also want you to understand that we are On Your Side. The Crow Academy and its affiliates are Massive Privacy Advocates. We do not vote for privacy-invading laws or policies, and we support groups and associations who secure people’s right to privacy. We want you to know just how much we believe in this.
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on The Crow Academy’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by The Crow Academy at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
The materials on The Crow Academy’s web site are provided “as is”. The Crow Academy makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, The Crow Academy does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
In no event shall The Crow Academy or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on The Crow Academy’s Internet site, even if The Crow Academy or a The Crow Academy authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
The materials appearing on The Crow Academy’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. The Crow Academy does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. The Crow Academy may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. The Crow Academy does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
The Crow Academy has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by The Crow Academy of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
The Crow Academy may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
If the original order included books or other physical items, 100% of all such books and other physical items must be returned and received at the address indicated prior to any refunds to be processed. Please note that the customer must pay for return shipping of any physical items.
Once your Valid Tracking Number has been verified, Clickbank will then open the refund ticket at that time. Please allow three weeks for refunds to be processed.
You must provide your Order Number or a Copy of your Receipt. For all physical item returns (e.g. hardback books) you must provide a Valid Tracking Number, and for hardback books the Shrink Wrap must be Intact. You must provide a Valid Return Address, and your return package must be post-marked prior to the refund expiration date (45 Days from Day Of Purchase). Return process must be followed exactly as described on the Return Policy page accessed by clicking on “Return Policy” in the Footer below.
1) By entering into any form of Class, Seminar, Instruction or Training (hereafter “Training”) with Master Arcane or any other authorized representative of The Crow Academy, and or by utilizing any products or services from The Crow Academy, Crow Academy Publishing, or its authorized representatives (hereafter “The Crow Academy”), you agree and represent that:
You are an adult at least 18 or 21 years of age (according to your own local laws) and have read and understand this Class And Training Disclaimer and Adult Training Agreement.
You will take care to protect your knowledge accrued from said Training and guard against its use by those under the legal age of consent.
You understand and accept that the discussions and topics relating to the Adult Subject of BDSM and D/s Training such as this may involve language, content, concepts and themes of an adult and possibly controversial nature.
You understand that you are wholly liable and responsible for any disclosures and legal ramifications that may arise from the participation and or purchasing related materials or services offered by The Crow Academy and its representatives.
The Crow Academy will not be held responsible for any legal ramifications that may arise as a result of fraudulent entry into, or fraudulent use of any and all products or services offered by The Crow Academy.
You are here to use these services and or products for your own personal edification and will not use the facilities or content accrued or learned herein against the creator, owners, authors, web masters, members or affiliates or any other aspect of The Crow Academy.
2) No part of your Training nor any other products from The Crow Academy may be reproduced or transferred in any form or by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping, or by any information storage retrieval system, without the written permission of the owners and authors.
3) The accuracy and completeness of information provided herein and opinions stated herein are not guaranteed or warranted to produce any particular results, and the advice and strategies contained herein may not be suitable for every individual. The owners assume no responsibility, nor shall they be liable, for any loss incurred as a consequence of the use and application, directly or indirectly, of any information presented by The Crow Academy or any other materials related thereto including, but not limited to, websites, books, DVDs, audio books, and / or articles. Training is designed solely for the purposes of entertainment in regard to the subject matter covered. The owners have used their best efforts in preparing the content, lessons, and Training activities. You enter with the understanding that the owners are not engaged in rendering unrelated professional services, such as legal, medical, accounting, etc. The owners, instructors, and representatives of The Crow Academy are not recommending the participants to commit any acts that are criminal in his or her state or country. You should consult a local lawyer if you have any questions as to issues of legality.
4) By agreeing to this Disclaimer & Training Agreement you are certifying that you are of legal age to be participating in this activity and or to be taught the content herein, that you understand and accept that this subject and Training contains content of an adult nature relating to BDSM as well as the Alternative Sexuality known as Domination & Submission, that you have read and accept the entirety of this disclaimer & agreement, and that you as well as anyone else involved with you electively and legally chooses to be here.
Please use this form if you would like to Book a Show, Arrange a Workshop or Seminar, or correspond with Master Arcane for any other reason.
If you want to simply Sign Up to receive The Crow Academy Newsletter then please click the button BELOW.
SIGN UP on The Crow Academy Newsletter List using the form below to receive Free Lessons in D/s, to get notified about new Crow Academy Books, Videos, and Merchandise, to learn about amazing BDSM and Fetish Events, and to get the dates and locations of Crow Academy Seminars & Classes personally taught taught by Master Arcane himself. Subscribers will also be entitled to DISCOUNTS on Selected Products and the occasional Subscriber-Only Freebie....
You will want to add "CrowCall@CrowAcademy.com" to your CONTACTS or ADDRESS BOOK so the Newsletter doesn't accidentally go to a spam / junk / promotions folder and you end up missing out! Again, you want to add "CrowCall@CrowAcademy.com"
Be sure to enter the name of the LARGEST BIG CITY near you if you wish to be notified of Crow Academy classes coming to your area.
After signing up for The Crow Academy Newsletter and confirming your subscription, you will receive a Welcome letter directly from The Crow Academy followed by an email with a link to download your FREE 20 Page Ebook, "The Crow Academy Guide To Getting Started In Domination & Submission" (please note the link to your free Ebook will show up in about an hour - the delay is to balance the demand on our servers).
The GREEN "SUBMIT" BUTTON ABOVE will sign you up to receive The Crow Academy Newsletter, after which you will receive a confirmation and "Welcome" email.
The Crow Academy style is one of Romantic Domination & Submission, BDSM, and Fetish Performance Art. The lessons of The Crow Academy are based on Tradition handed down by word-of-mouth and obscure texts, then blended & refined through Master Arcane's personal emphasis on extreme utilitarianism. We do not claim the foundations of these techniques as solitary to The Crow Academy, but rather that through decades of Real World trial & error these techniques have been re-forged into a Modern, Unique System that WORKS. Master Arcane explored into the depths of BDSM & D/s, separating the wheat from the chaff so that students of The Crow Academy can benefit from the road map created as a result. It would however, be against the beliefs of The Crow Academy to claim that this style is "the absolute best" or "ultimately superior to all others" as we very much appreciate & applaud other styles of BDSM & D/s that are equally evolved.
The Crow Academy style centers around Romance & Connection with one's partner, generating the very best Relationship possible in such an environment. It is Safe, it is Sane, and it is always absolutely, mutually Consensual. It is very much about Love, Energy, and above all that BDSM and D/s are ART FORMS to be perfected by the individuals with no upper limit to the Excellence one can achieve in this world, and in the depth of the Connection two people can create together.
Below we will ask your permission to place a cookie on your computer that will serve the sole purpose of preventing this DISCLAIMER window from popping up every time you visit this site (after you certify you have read the disclaimer and verify your age at least once of course). This is the ONLY purpose of the cookie. You may "allow" or delete this cookie at any time - it only affects whether or not this window shows up upon arriving at The Crow Academy. If you strongly object to cookies then do not check the box - the site will still work properly, and it only means you will see this Disclaimer page on your next visit.
Absolutely no personal data (zero, none, zip) is being tracked - we would never allow this as we ourselves are ABSOLUTE PRIVACY ADVOCATES.
You are an adult at least 18 or 21 years of age (according to your own local laws) and have read and understand this Adult Content Agreement.
You will take care to protect your knowledge of this site and guard against its use by those under the legal age of consent.
You understand and accept that the discussions and postings in an Adult Content site such as this may involve language, content, images and themes of an adult and possibly controversial nature.
You understand that you are wholly liable and responsible for any disclosures and legal ramifications that may arise from viewing, reading, or downloading the content herein, or purchasing related materials offered for sale within the website.
The creator, owners, authors, web masters, and affiliates will not be held responsible for any legal ramifications that may arise as a result of fraudulent entry into, or fraudulent use of this web site and the materials, content and information contained herein.
You are here to use this site for your own personal edification and will not use the facilities or contents herein against the creator, owners, authors, web masters, members or affiliates.
No part of this website may be reproduced or transferred in any form or by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping, or by any information storage retrieval system, without the written permission of the owners and authors.
The accuracy and completeness of information provided herein and opinions stated herein are not guaranteed or warranted to produce any particular results, and the advice and strategies contained herein may not be suitable for every individual. The owners assume no responsibility, nor shall they be liable, for any loss incurred as a consequence of the use and application, directly or indirectly, of any information presented on this website or any other materials related thereto including, but not limited to, books, DVDs, audio books, and / or articles. This website is designed solely for the purposes of entertainment in regard to the subject matter covered. The owners have used their best efforts in preparing the content on the website. You enter with the understanding that the owners are not engaged in rendering professional services, e.g. legal, medical, accounting, etc.
The owners and authors of this website are not recommending the reader to commit any acts that are criminal in his or her state or country. You should consult a local lawyer if you have any questions as to issues of legality.
While we are not a porn site, our content is most certainly of an adult nature. As such, we fully support preventing children from viewing this site. We highly recommend that institutions and parents concerned about our content install software from one of the following three companies:
Please Note: By clicking the "YES I am over 18" button below you are certifying that you are of legal age to be viewing this website and content herein, that you understand and accept that this site contains content of an adult nature relating to BDSM as well as the Alternative Sexuality known as Domination & Submission, that you have read and accept the disclaimer above, that you are using this site within a jurisdiction which does not oppose the content, and that you electively choose to be here.
The official mobile app for the 2016 Carlson Rezidor Americas Business Conference. Within this app, you will find key event resources to navigate the conference.
[ July 27, 2018 ] Roles and responsibilities of net developer resume For Students, Writing Desk, My Handbook
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (New methane has a global warming potential 86 times that of CO2 on a 20 year time frame. 326, 716 (2009) "ipcc fourth Assessment Report: Climate Change 2007. Direct Global Warming Potentials". Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (new). Livestock is responsible for 65 of all human-related emissions of nitrous oxide a greenhouse gas with 296 times the global warming potential of carbon dioxide, and which stays in the atmosphere for 150 years. "livestock&apos; long Shadow: environmental issues and options". 2006 "Emissions of Greenhouse gases in the United States". Emissions for agriculture projected to increase 80 by 2050.
Greenhouse gas emissions from this sector primarily involve fossil fuels burned for road, rail, air, and report marine transportation. "livestock&apos;s Long Shadow: environmental issues and options". "Global Greenhouse gas Emissions Data". Livestock and their byproducts account for at least 32,000 million tons of carbon dioxide (CO2) per year, or 51 of all worldwide greenhouse gas emissions. Goodland, r anhang,. Livestock and Climate Change: What if the key actors in climate change were pigs, chickens and cows? Goodland, robert anhang, jeff. "livestock and Climate Change: What if the key actors in climate change ws, pigs and chickens?".
The consultation strategy for this policy initiative is available here. Directors Note: The science mother and the research done on the true impacts of animal agriculture is always growing. The statistics used in the film were based on the best information we had available while producing the film. We will continually update this list with further resources as they become available. Animal agriculture is responsible for 18 percent of greenhouse gas emissions, more than the combined exhaust from all transportation. i "livestock&apos;s Long Shadow: environmental issues and options". . Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. Transportation exhaust is responsible for 13 of all greenhouse gas emissions.i.
This follows the provision in Article 8c of Directive 2008/105/ec as amended by directive 2013/39/eu, which requires that the approach be followed by proposals for measures as appropriate. A public consultation on the roadmap for the initiative was held in the spring of 2017. The development of the approach is being supported by a study, as part of which the commission is running a public consultation and a targeted stakeholder consultation. The following reports are already available from the study : An earlier study report is also being drawn upon, as are the outcomes of a workshop held in September 2014. The deadline for the public consultation is 21 February 2018. The deadline for the targeted stakeholder consultation, aimed at experts already familiar with the issues,. To participate please email env pharma consultation ( ).
The river basin specific pollutants are considered as part of ecological status. Details and documentation are available here. Discharge of dangerous substances (Directive 76/464/EEC). Community policy concerning dangerous or hazardous substances in European waters was introduced almost three decades ago. Council Directive on pollution caused by discharges of certain dangerous substances directive story 76/464/eec, codified as 2006/11/EC ). Several substances have been regulated in specific directives (also called &apos; daughter&apos; directives ) in the 1980s by defining Community-wide emission limit values and quality objectives in the surface and coastal waters. As part of the restructuring of the community water policy, directive 76/464/eec was integrated into the, water Framework directive 2000/60/EC which was adopted in September 2000, and Directive 76/464/eec will be fully repealed in 2013.
Details and documentation relating to directive 76/464/eec are available here. Commission Directive 2009/90/ec on technical specifications for chemical analysis and monitoring of water status. The, commission Directive laying down, pursuant to directive 2000/60/ec of the european Parliament and of the council, technical specifications for chemical analysis and monitoring of water status entered into force on The objective of this Directive is to establish common quality rules for chemical analysis. Strategic approach to pharmaceuticals in the environment. The commission is developing a strategic approach to pharmaceuticals in the environment.
The first component constitutes the major part of the Union&apos;s strategy against the chemical pollution of surface waters. It is set out in Article 16 of the. Water Framework directive 2000/60/EC. This requires the establishment of a list of priority substances, these to be selected from amongst those presenting a significant risk to or via the aquatic environment at eu level. It also requires the designation of a subset of priority hazardous substances, and proposals for controls to reduce the emissions, discharges and losses of all the substances and to phase out the emissions, discharges and losses of the subset of priority hazardous substances.
In order to improve the quality of the monitoring data obtained under the water Framework directive, the commission adopted Directive 2009/90/EC laying down technical specifications for chemical analysis and monitoring of water status. The regulation of chemical pollutants in water began with Directive 76/464/EEC. The introduction of provisions under the water Framework directive includes transitional elements such that parts of the earlier legislation are applicable until the end of 2012. Priority substances legislation, the, water Framework directive 2000/60/ec established provision for a list of Priority substances (Annex x of the directive). Decision 2455/2001/ec established the first list, and Directive 2008/105/EC (the Environmental quality Standards Directive eqsd) set the quality standards as required by Article 16(8) of the water Framework directive. Annex ii to the eqsd replaced Annex x of the water Framework directive. Member States are required to take actions to meet the quality standards in the eqsd by 2015 as part of chemical status (Water Framework directive article 4 and Annex V point.4.3). For this purpose a programme of measures (according to water Framework directive article 11) has to become operational by 2012.
Every year the commission publishes a summary report on the quality of bathing water, based on the reports that the member States should submit to it before the start of each bathing season. At present, the commission and the european Environment Agency publish on-line. Eu-wide report covering all 28 Member States. Reports on individual Member States, the so-called house national country reports, are also available online. Want to have quick information on the status of your favourite bathing spot? Check out the eeas interactive map. Additional tools, introduction, european Union legislation provides for measures against chemical pollution of surface waters. There are two components the selection and regulation of substances of European Union (EU)-wide concern (the priority substances) and the selection by member States of substances of national or local concern (river basin specific pollutants) for control essay at the relevant level.
posting a notice advising against it, providing information to the public, and suitable corrective measures. Member States should also prepare a description of bathing waters and the potential impacts and threats to water quality, both as an information for citizens and as a management tool for the responsible authorities, through the so-called bathing water profiles. They could include in particular a description of the area concerned, any sources of pollution and the location of the water monitoring points. A guidance document based on best practices has been prepared with the cooperation of national experts. The bathing water profiles can cover one or more contiguous bathing waters and should be ready since march 2011. Beyond the 1976 Bathing Water Directive, the new Directive ensures timely information of the public during the bathing season, with an obligation for Member States to disseminate actively and promptly information on bathing water quality. In particular, notices banning or advising against bathing should be rapidly and easily identifiable. The commission adopted on the decision establishing a symbol for information to the public on bathing water classification and any bathing prohibition.
Two main parameters for analysis (intestinal enterococci and escherichia coli) are defined, instead friendship of nineteen in the previous Directive. These parameters will be used to monitor and assess the quality of bathing waters and to classify them. Other parameters could be taken into account, such as the presence of cyanobacteria or microalgae. Member States must monitor the bathing waters every year. The monitoring calendar should provide for at least four samples to be taken per season (except where the season is very short or where there are special geographic constraints). The sampling interval should not be longer than one month. Upon the monitoring results gathered in four years, member States should assess the bathing waters at the end of every season. A shorter period may be acceptable in some cases. The waters are classified according to their level of quality: poor, sufficient, good or excellent, linked to clear numerical quality standards for bacteriological quality.
Additional tools, legal Obligations under the nashville eu bathing Water Directive 2006/7/ec, a summary. Whilst the 1976 Bathing Water Directive has been a common European success story by improving the quality of our bathing waters, knowledge and experience in many fields has progressed since the 1970s. This is why the eu - as part of its. Sixth Community Environment Action Programme revised and updated bathing water quality protection through the new 2006 Bathing Water Directive. The "new bathing Water Directive 2006/7/EC replaces the former Directive 76/160/EC. It applies to surface waters that can be used for bathing except for swimming pools and spa pools, confined waters subject to treatment or used for therapeutic purposes and confined waters artificially separated from surface water and groundwater. The new Directive is intended. Be based on scientific knowledge on protecting health and the environment, as well as environmental management experience, provide better and earlier information of citizens about quality of their bathing waters, including logos, move from simple sampling and monitoring of bathing waters to bathing quality management.
Download fonts that mimic the handwriting of children or adults and stylized script styles. Our prices are the best and our fulfilment terms are the shortest.
Use a conservative font and resume formatting. Good fonts to use for your resume include times New Roman, courier New, or Verdana. Use a narrative-only format for your cover letter. Cover letters for other professions will often include a bulleted […]
Will you go on unemployment and have you notified your state? Social-Related Issues, are you about to leave behind a massive task responsibility that will fall on the lap of an unassuming coworker? Do you have any outstanding office grudges? […]
However, her conviction was overturned after an appeal. Free summary and analysis of the events in Susan Glaspell&apos;s Trifles that won&apos;t make you snore. I thought that had to be exaggeration by people who set their standards ridiculously high, but when I finally got around to actually shooting an ar, i realized it wasnt. The Triumph XCx is the premium off-road version of its Tiger range, built as an upgraded version of the xc bike.
As eye-opening as "Blackfish" and as inspiring as "An Inconvenient Truth". A new cut from executive producer leonardo dicaprio now exclusively streaming on Netflix.
European Union legislation provides for strategies against chemical pollution of surface waters. Legal Obligations under the eu bathing Water Directive 2006/7/ec, a summary. Whilst the 1976 Bathing Water Directive has been a common European success story by improving the quality of our bathing waters, knowledge and experience in many fields has progressed since the 1970s. Water is a precious resource in California, and maintaining its quality is of utmost importance to safeguard the health of the public and the environment.
Beth Brown, this book has stood the test of time. Its helped job seekers find work through several recessions, as well as good economic times. If you need a guide to writing your resume, pick up a copy at your[...]
Given the book&apos;s continued appearance in the Elder Scrolls games, barenziah was apparently not successful in suppressing the book&apos;s publication. Those interested in the life of queen Barenziah may also want to read the. Biography of queen Barenziah (or the[...]
S fame, scott and Zelda began living a life of wasteful extravagance that was often characterized by recklessly drunken behavior. In order to maintain this lifestyle, fitzgerald was forced to put aside working on novels, and focus his creative efforts[...]
Two mid-term trips per year allow first-year students the opportunity to explore major historical, cultural and scientific landmarks in cities such as Edinburgh, liverpool and Paris. The first-year program at the castle is very similar in structure as those studying[...]
Capon and Hulbert linked the success of firms in the marketplace to the value provided to customers. 4, they introduced a principle of customer value, with customer insights driving the companys marketing activities. Customer value should also drive investment and[...]
Moreover, the spilled oil can damage a birds feathers and the fur of animals and in most cases will result in death unless cleans and bathed with detergent right away. . Milton Marie explains "the oil attract to fish because it[...]
Populations of semi-wild cattle still survive in several countries, including the white cattle which have roamed free in Chillingham Park in Northumberland for at least the past 700 years. Studies of this herd, and other semi-wild herds, have provided much[...]
Oquny: By the time turner died in 1932, 60 of the leading history departments in the. Were teaching courses in frontier history along Turnerian lines. 3, contents, evolution edit, frederick jackson Turner,. 1890, turner set up an evolutionary model (he had…
Oquny: Like a sorcerer, he took pragmatic steps to adjust to his ordeal, performing personal rituals (wearing lucky clothes, listening to favorite music) and using his illness creatively to put suffering into a larger perspective and to gain humility with respect…
Oquny: In nothing flat, in very little time: Dinner was finished in nothing flat. Make nothing of, to treat lightly; regard as easy. To be unsuccessful in comprehending: he could make nothing of the complicated directions. Nothing but, nothing other than;…
Companies need to exploit labors in order to maximize their profit margins, this is ethically wrong. Companies who test their products on animals lose a great competitive advantage in the market. Business studies is not only for intelligent students but[...]
Anonymous browsing helps prevent data mining which keeps your data and identity secret. Learn More, sign Up Now. Home » sample » school bus driver resume, saturday, may 27th 2017. sample advertising school bus driver g school bus driver g/caption[...]
Annals of Nutrition and Metabolism. In this in vivo rat study, researchers examined the effects of oyster mushrooms on cholesterol metabolism. The rats had a genetic sensitivity to dietary cholesterol. They were given a diet containing 4 oyster mushroom for[...]
Application: (Ambiguous) a) verb to send your information (usually a resume) to a company with the intention of gaining employment within that organization. Usually followed by a period of nervousness and anxiety, which can develop into bitterness and resentment if[...]
On the other hand, if you are preparing a research report about climate science, you may want to include more color and flare. Images : Choose images that complement the report cover page design. For a corporate annual report, the[...]
Diary writing book Biography of me Animal farm full summary Azure engineer resume Where to buy large brown paper bags Help me do my homework In this dissertation Superior essay writers Essay on industrial safety Writing a funeral eulogy Resume tag words A happy day in my life essay My bedroom essay
Summary of the Clean, water, act.2The basis of the cwa was enacted in 1948 and was called the federal.2Water, pollution, control Act, but the Act was.2
World's Chemical Manufacturers Directory incorporating the latest data collected from every nook and corner of the world with various search options based on: CAS Numbers, chemical product, functional group, Company name & nation wise search
world plastic directory, plastic directory india, india plastic directory, plastic manufacturers guide, plastic industry, plastic manufacturers directory, plastic exporter, plastic supplier, plastic products supplier, indian plastic industry, plastic business catalog, plastic trade, plastic trade in india, plastic trade leads, plastic product trade leads, please industry events, plastic industry in india, plastic industry resources, pvc & plastic products, plastic & polymers industry, plastic exporters directory, plastic goods industry, polymer products, pvc & plastic goods, plastic tags & labels, plastic industry guide, plastic exim handbook, plastic trade regulations, plastic trade resources, plastic industry guide, india
Manufacturer in Chemical & Allied Industries field and specialize in Dyes, Synthatic Yellow & Red Ir
Close Variable Wheel Attenuator 10CWA168 is used when it is necessary to fully eliminate the side background lighting when using photodetectors with high sensitivity (e.g. CCD, photomultiplier, etc.). You may order standard connecting adapters 10A168 and 10R168 separately. Custom adapters are available. Loosen the central axis and rotate the whole body of the filter to set the desired position of an optical axis at a height between 36-71 mm. The base of the attenuator has M6 holes on 3 sides for mounting versatility.
CUTLER, Ted Of Boston and Falmouth, on March 30, 2017. Beloved husband of the late Joan H. (Berman) Cutler. Devoted father of Robert Cutler (Pam), Joel Cutler (Randi), and Ellen Calmas (Richard). Dear grandfather of Jeffrey (Katherine), David, Rachael, Sarah, Alexander, Benjamin, Mallory and Samantha, and great-grandfather of Madison Cutler. Brother of the late Evelyn Bluhm. –
Renewable energy has doubled in the U.S. in the last decade; now generating nearly one-fifth of our electricity
The Business Council for Sustainable Energy (BCSE) has been keeping an interested eye on the incredible growth of renewable energy in the U.S. over the past decade. According to its annual publication, renewable energy sources now generate nearly one-fifth of U.S. electrical generation, reported an EcoWatch article.
In its 2018 edition of Sustainable Energy in America Factbook, the BCSE said renewable energy output made up 18 percent of the overall energy mix in the country. If it sustains its rate of growth, renewables might be able to generate as much power as nuclear energy.
The fact book recorded that renewable energy sources generated 717 terawatt hours (TWh) of electricity in 2017. That’s an impressive increase of 14 percent compared to the previous year’s output of 629 TWh.
Hydro power accounted for much of this boost. The West Coast finally recovered from a prolonged period of drought in 2017, so hydroelectric stations in that region were able to return to normal operations.
This renewed hydro power output was augmented by new wind and solar generation projects that entered operational status in 2017. (Related: Texas city fully commits to 100 percent renewable energy goal by the year 2020.)
According to BNEF senior analyst Rachel Luo, renewables are now right behind nuclear energy, which provides 20 percent of the total power in the U.S. She also points out that the share of natural gas is going down as the power sector shifts toward decarbonization and renewable energy.
Charts provided by EcoWatch show that natural gas accounts for 32 percent of the sector. It is still the biggest source of electricity in the U.S., but it’s gone down by two percent.
Luo attributes the down-tick to a stall in load growth, a slight rise in the price of natural gas, and the increasing market penetration of renewable energy sources.
The biggest loser is coal. Once the dominant power provider in the U.S., it has been reduced to a 30-percent share of the entire sector as companies switched to cleaner natural gas for fossil fuels.
Coal enjoyed a brief break in 2017 because only six coal-fired power plants closed down last year. But the coal plants that are slated for shutdown account for 12.5 gigawatts (GW) of power, which hews close to the 15 GW lost during 2015.
Department of Energy Secretary Rick Perry’s proposal to bail out coal and nuclear power plants to achieve “grid stability” also fizzled out, so there’s no long-term reprieve for the two aging industries.
Most new electrical generation comes from natural gas and clean sources of power. The costs of wind and solar energy systems continue to go down with some regions finally crossing the symbolic “dollar-per-watt” threshold.
“The massive and historic transformation of the U.S. energy sector clicked into a higher gear in 2017,” Luo believes.
The meteoric rise in deployment of renewable energy sources, the faster growth of energy productivity and GDP, and the U.S. entry into the global liquefied natural gas market more than made up for uncertainty regarding new energy policies.
Despite new tariffs imposed on renewable energy, the BCSE fact book expected clean energy providers to weather the new costs over the long run.
Similarly, natural gas is benefiting from fairly stable growth, especially since the U.S. became a net exporter of the fuel in 2017.
The end result is that the U.S. is enjoying its lowest levels of greenhouse gas emissions in the last 25 years. American consumers are appreciating the more-or-less stable costs of electricity as well as the cleaner air.
Tagged Under: Clean Energy, coal power, coal-fired power plants, electricity, green living, hydro power, hydroelectric power, natural gas, nuclear power, power grid, power source, renewable energy, renewables, solar energy, wind energy
Self-induced DISASTER: California fires the direct result of shortsighted environmentalist policies that prohibit forest management
The carbon footprint of smartphone use and data centers is growing, harming the environment according to new study
Agricultural areas surrounded by natural habitat buffers show reduced negative impact on wildlife, new study finds
Oak tree adaptation: Trees found to coordinate volume of acorns released each year in an effort to produce better reproductive results
Modern agricultural practices destroy the environment’s natural balance: Heavily farmed areas have little biodiversity, more disease
Dying to breathe: Research concludes that even low levels of pollution increase the risk of diabetes
Brilliant "Introduction to SenseMaker®" video from the Measuring the Mountain project being run by the @CynefinCentre
New to SenseMaker? See how to use it to share, or collect, a story in our 3 minute video. https://t.co/hI9qYdlQfW
Let’s talk Scaling Agile. I have some questions! If working to a mindset of agility is small change rapidly … what problem does scaling it solve? What purpose does it serve? I’ll explain why I’m asking. I see many polarizing conversations on the subject. Scaling agile in my perhaps uneducated eyes appears a middle management control consolidation framework
” The net result of all reductionist approaches to process management was the emergence of high energy wastage and stress as humans worked around the system to make it work despite itself; effectiveness was sacrificed on the altar of superficial efficiency.”
You can read more about Dave’s thinking on scaling in his blog – there are several blog posts to choose from.
Dave is interested to hear what people think about the “Agile at Scale” article that was recently published in the Harvard Business Review. Click here to join the conversation in LinkedIn.
The story of the Netherlands is a story of the sea! Uniquely, the Dutch fulfill an ancient prophecy pertaining to one of the tribes of the so-called lost 10 tribes of the House of Israel. Zebulun’s descendents were to “dwell at the haven of the sea” and “be for an haven of ships” (Gen. 49:13). Moreover they were to rejoice “in (their) going out” (Deut. 33:18).
These ancient prophecies have been fulfilled in the Dutch, a seagoing colonizing people. Is it mere coincidence?
Before 1000 A.D., it is said that the Dutch were content to “let God’s water flow over God’s land.” After that time they began to resist the natural flow of the sea waters.
The prophet Jeremiah reveals that God “placed the sand for the bound of the sea by a perpetual decree, that it cannot pass it: and though the waves thereof toss themselves, yet can they not prevail; though they roar, yet can they not pass over it” (Jere. 5:22).
God himself determined the basic limits and boundaries of the sea. Yet he permits nature to alter the coastline over long epochs of time. And he has allowed the Dutch peoples to artificially extend and straighten their coastlines.
Around 2,000 years ago the Roman historian Tacitus described, what is now know as the Netherlands, as an inhospitable area, neither land nor sea, a marsh intersected by numerous creeks. No real progress came about until a millennium had passed. Then the struggle really began.
The first efforts were rather primitive and could only be accomplished at low tide. Then came the invention of the windmill and later the steam engine to pump out the water much more efficiently.
In more modern times, the reclaiming of land from the sea has been boiled down to a simple process known as impoldering. It is the conversion of submerged land into fertile polders (a polder is a piece of low-lying reclaimed land) through dikes and drainage.
The first step is to build a dike around that portion of sea area to be reclaimed. When this construction was completed there is, of course, water still on both sides of the dike. This problem was simply solved by the careful placement of one or more pumping stations. After the dike is closed, the water is then drained out of the designated area by modern pumping equipment. It takes a number of months, but the bottom of a new polder will gradually emerge. Wheat fields can actually be found in bloom in the third year after reclamation.
As an ongoing process, a vast network of dunes and dikes has been built to promote and protect the west and north of the Netherlands. Continually at risk are the densely populated areas encompassing Amsterdam, Rotterdam and The Hague. The danger is never altogether past. A dike can never be too strong.
Dutch engineers have not forgotten their land level is gradually sinking (one twenty-fifth of an inch a year) and the sea level is rising. On rare occasions in the past the sea has swept over the dikes to penetrate the polders and do untold damage to land and property. The sea level and weather factors are continually monitored and fresh ideas and efforts to defend the reclaimed lands are part of an ongoing plan of survival.
But creating and protecting a polder is not an end in itself. New lands must produce abundant crops and support herds of healthy livestock. New towns and villages must be constructed to serve and shelter the people who come to live in the new polder area.
However imperfectly, the Dutch peoples have followed some vital biblical principles in their overall planning and construction. For instance, barns are almost always built before farmhouses. What does Solomon say in the book of Proverbs? “Prepare thy work without, and make it fit for thyself in the field; and afterwards build thine house” (Prov. 24:27).
Monocultures are not allowed. Trees are planted to attract beneficial birds and insects. Scientifically discovered ecological principles and a sense of balance in nature are encouraged. Farmhouses are usually built in twos so neighboring farmers can help each other.
Of course conditions in Holland are far from perfect. Much of Dutch culture is still not what it should be. Amsterdam has become a mecca for dangerous drugs and illicit sex. Crimes of all description are on the increase in the Netherlands.
For such immorality and law breaking, the wise among the Dutch are aware that retribution cannot be far behind. The nation will have to be punished to one degree or the other, along with the rest of the modern descendants of the ancient 10 tribes of the House of Israel residing in Northwestern Europe, the British Isles, the Commonwealth nations and the United States.
But after this prophesied coming period of severe divine correction, God will usher in a new era of unparalleled growth and development – both spiritually and materially. This millennial utopia will be marked by the restitution of all right things (Acts 3:21) and will offer those with a proper pioneering spirit a unique opportunity to rebuild and redevelop the surface of this physical earth.
It is then that the Dutch peoples will truly come into their own. Centuries of struggling with the sea have produced a fund of creative knowledge that is unsurpassed in the field of land reclamation and real estate development. That knowledge will be put to a vital use in the fulfillment of God’s master plan.
Notice the prophet Ezekiel’s description of the New World to come. “Thus saith the Lord God; in the day that I shall have cleansed you from all your iniquities (first the punishment) I will also cause you to dwell in the cities, and the wastes shall be builded. And the desolate land shall be tilled. And they shall say, this land that was desolate is become like the garden of Eden; and the waste and desolate and ruined cities are become fenced, and are inhabited” (Ezk. 36:33-35).
Q. I’m pregnant with my first baby and a friend of mine suggested I hire a doula for labour and delivery. What exactly is the difference between a midwife and a doula?
A. Although a midwife and a doula may seem very similar in their approach toward childbirth, their roles differ quite significantly.
In Canada, midwives are trained and licensed medical professionals providing care to women during pregnancy, labour and delivery.
Doulas are not health care providers, but instead offer guidance as well as physical and emotional support to the mother and her partner during the pre and post-natal periods as well as during childbirth. She provides physical support to the labouring mother including gentle massage, guided breathing and positional support. A doula often provides education and information to the couple so that they can make informed choices in their birthing experience.
Run prenatal tests and monitor your health and the baby’s health during pregnancy, birth and post-partum period
Consult with an obstetrician (OB) if a medical complication comes up which is out of the midwifery scope
Give you information about medical examinations and procedures (but cannot perform these procedures)
Use a variety of tools and techniques to help you manage the intense physical sensations of labour and birth
Although doulas do not provide medical care, research has shown that having a doula present throughout birth decreases the likelihood of using medical interventions such as instrument-assisted births (forceps, vacuum extraction) and c-section births. Furthermore, women who use doulas report having more positive feelings about their childbirth experience.
Research shows that having a doula present throughout birth decreases the likelihood of using medical interventions.
Many women often choose to have a midwife and a doula supporting them through labour and childbirth providing a perfect complement of knowledge, care and comfort for the mama-to-be.
Recently I became a Doula after taking the DONA International Doula Course at The Toronto Yoga Mamas. A few weeks ago, I attended my first birth and it was one of the most amazing experiences of my life! If you have any questions about doulas or my role as a doula, please feel free to send me a message at hello@draliya.ca.
Episode 406 Episode 405 Episode 404 Episode 403 Episode 402 Episode 401 Episode 400 Episode 399 Episode 398 Episode 397 Episode 396 Episode 395 Episode 394 Episode 393 Episode 392 Episode 391 Episode 390 Episode 389 Episode 388 Episode 387 Episode 386 Episode 385 Episode 384 Episode 383 Episode 382 Episode 381 Episode 380 Episode 379 Episode 378 Episode 377 Episode 376 Episode 375 Episode 374 Episode 373 Episode 372 Episode 371 Episode 370 Episode 369 Episode 368 Episode 367 Episode 366 Episode 365 Episode 364 Episode 363 Episode 362 Episode 361 Episode 360 Episode 359 Episode 358 Episode 357 Episode 356 Episode 355 Episode 354 Episode 353 Episode 352 Episode 351 Episode 350 Episode 349 Episode 348 Episode 347 Episode 346 Episode 345 Episode 344 Episode 343 Episode 342 Episode 341 Episode 340 Episode 339 Episode 338 Episode 337 Episode 336 Episode 335 Episode 334 Episode 333 Episode 332 Episode 331 Episode 330 Episode 329 Episode 328 Episode 327 Episode 326 Episode 325 Episode 324 Episode 323 Episode 322 Episode 321 Episode 320 Episode 319 Episode 318 Episode 317 Episode 316 Episode 315 Episode 314 Episode 313 Episode 312 Episode 311 Episode 310 Episode 309 Episode 308 Episode 307 Episode 306 Episode 305 Episode 304 Episode 303 Episode 302 Episode 301 Episode 300 Episode 299 Episode 298 Episode 297 Episode 296 Episode 295 Episode 294 Episode 293 Episode 292 Episode 291 Episode 290 Episode 289 Episode 288 Episode 287 Episode 286 Episode 285 Episode 284 Episode 283 Episode 282 Episode 281 Episode 280 Episode 279 Episode 278 Episode 277 Episode 276 Episode 275 Episode 274 Episode 273 Episode 272 Episode 271 Episode 270 Episode 269 Episode 268 Episode 267 Episode 266 Episode 265 Episode 264 Episode 263 Episode 262 Episode 261 Episode 260 Episode 259 Episode 258 Episode 257 Episode 256 Episode 255 Episode 254 Episode 253 Episode 252 Episode 251 Episode 250 Episode 249 Episode 248 Episode 247 Episode 246 Episode 245 Episode 244 Episode 243 Episode 242 Episode 241 Episode 240 Episode 239 Episode 238 Episode 237 Episode 236 Episode 235 Episode 234 Episode 233 Episode 232 Episode 231 Episode 230 Episode 229 Episode 228 Episode 227 Episode 226 Episode 225 Episode 224 Episode 223 Episode 222 Episode 221 Episode 220 Episode 219 Episode 218 Episode 217 Episode 216 Episode 214 Episode 213 Episode 212 Episode 211 Episode 210 Episode 209 Episode 208 Episode 207 Episode 206 Episode 205 Episode 204 Episode 203 Episode 202 Episode 201 Episode 200 Episode 199 Episode 198 Episode 197 Episode 196 Episode 195 Episode 194 Episode 193 Episode 192 Episode 191 Episode 190 Episode 189 Episode 188 Episode 187 Episode 186 Episode 185 Episode 184 Episode 183 Episode 182 Episode 181 Episode 180 Episode 179 Episode 178 Episode 177 Episode 176 Episode 175 Episode 174 Episode 173 Episode 172 Episode 171 Episode 170 Episode 169 Episode 168 Episode 167 Episode 166 Episode 165 Episode 164 Episode 163 Episode 162 Episode 161 Episode 160 Episode 159 Episode 158 Episode 157 Episode 156 Episode 155 Episode 154 Episode 153 Episode 152 Episode 151 Episode 150 Episode 149 Episode 148 Episode 147 Episode 146 Episode 145 Episode 144 Episode 143 Episode 142 Episode 141 Episode 140 Episode 139 Episode 138 Episode 137 Episode 136 Episode 135 Episode 134 Episode 133 Episode 132 Episode 131 Episode 130 Episode 129 Episode 128 Episode 127 Episode 126 Episode 125 Episode 124 Episode 123 Episode 122 Episode 121 Episode 120 Episode 119 Episode 118 Episode 117 Episode 116 Episode 115 Episode 114 Episode 113 Episode 112 Episode 111 Episode 110 Episode 109 Episode 108 Episode 107 Episode 106 Episode 105 Episode 104 Episode 103 Episode 102 Episode 101 Episode 100 Episode 99 Episode 98 Episode 97 Episode 96 Episode 95 Episode 94 Episode 93 Episode 92 Episode 91 Episode 90 Episode 89 Episode 88 Episode 87 Episode 86 Episode 85 Episode 84 Episode 83 Episode 82 Episode 81 Episode 80 Episode 79 Episode 78 Episode 77 Episode 76 Episode 75 Episode 74 Episode 73 Episode 72 Episode 71 Episode 70 Episode 69 Episode 68 Episode 67 Episode 66 Episode 65 Episode 64 Episode 63 Episode 62 Episode 61 Episode 60 Episode 59 Episode 58 Episode 57 Episode 56 Episode 55 Episode 54 Episode 53 Episode 52 Episode 51 Episode 50 Episode 49 Episode 48 Episode 47 Episode 46 Episode 45 Episode 44 Episode 43 Episode 42 Episode 41 Episode 40 Episode 39 Episode 38 Episode 37 Episode 36 Episode 35 Episode 34 Episode 33 Episode 32 Episode 31 Episode 30 Episode 29 Episode 28 Episode 27 Episode 26 Episode 25 Episode 24 Episode 23 Episode 22 Episode 21 Episode 20 Episode 19 Episode 18 Episode 17 Episode 16 Episode 15 Episode 14 Episode 13 Episode 12 Episode 11 Episode 10 Episode 9 Episode 8 Episode 7 Episode 6 Episode 5 Episode 4 Episode 3 Episode 2 Episode 1
The D60 is suitable for protecting transmission lines and cables including lines equipped with series compensation. The D60 supports dual-breaker applications and can be applied in single-pole or three-pole tripping applications. The D60 is applicable to different teleprotection schemes and includes inter-relay protection communications via direct fiber as well as different interfaces. The D60 also provides synchrophasor measurement over Ethernet per IEEE C37.118.
Advanced IEC 61850 Ed. 1 and Ed. 2 certified implementation, complete settings via SCL files and IEC 61850-9-2 process bus solution ensures interoperability, device managing optimization and reduced cost of ownership
Phasor Measurement Unit (synchrophasor) according to IEEE® C37.118 (2011) and IEC® 61850-90-5 support
Application flexibility with multiple I/O options including high density I/O, programmable logic, modularity, and specific customization
An integrated large, full color display, provides real-time visualization and control of the protected bay, via a bay mimic as well as annunciator functionality and graphical visualization of phasors
New UR front panel with integrated 7” color, graphical display - providing operators with enhanced situational awareness (FW 7.6x)
CyberSentry enables UR devices to deliver full cyber security features that help customers to comply with NERC CIP and NITIR 7628 cyber security requirements through supporting the following core features:
Phase and negative sequence directional overcurrent, neutral directional with dual polarity criteria, broken conductor and thermal overload
The D60 is a high-end, cost-effective distance protection relay intended for protecting transmission lines and cables, providing reliable and secure operation even under the worst case power system conditions. Part of the Universal Relay family, the D60 comes with a variety of versatile features, truly integrating protection, monitoring, metering, communication and control in one easy-to-use device. The Universal Relay family offers a high degree of modularity in its design and functionality, providing superior performance in protection and control, while meeting the toughest requirements of the marketplace.
The D60 is the single point for protection, control, metering, and monitoring in one integrated device that can be easily connected directly to HMI or SCADA monitoring and control systems.
The D60 incorporates advanced automation features including powerful FlexLogic™ programmable logic, communication, and SCADA capabilities that far surpass what is found in the average line protection relay. The D60 integrates seamlessly with other UR relays for complete system protection, including unit and auxiliary transformers, and balance of plant protection.
FlexLogic™ allows for the customization of D60 for custom protection, control and automation, allowing users to build line protection schemes and applications for their equipment.
Three independent 100Mbps Ethernet ports enable purpose specific LAN support that eliminates latency effect of heavy traffic protocols on mission critical communication services
The D60 provides for secure remote data and engineering access, making it easy and flexible to use and integrate into new and existing infrastructures. Fiber optic Ethernet provides high-bandwidth communications allowing for low-latency controls and high-speed file transfers of relay fault and event record information.The available three independent and redundant Ethernet options provide the means to create fault tolerant communication architectures in an easy, cost-effective manner.
The D60 supports the most popular industry standard protocols enabling easy, direct integration into monitoring and SCADA systems.
In addition to providing high-speed connectivity directly to your Universal Relay, the UR Switch Module provides an additional 4 fiber Ethernet ports, for connection to other relays in the system as well as upstream connectivity. It also provides 2 RJ45 copper Ethernet ports which can be used to connect local devices such as PCs, meters, or virtually anything else in the system.
The UR Switch Module provides a simple way to add fully-managed Ethernet networking to your relays and devices without the need for additional hardware or a dedicated communications cabinet.
The UR Switch Module includes all of the management and features that come with all MultiLink managed switches, and can be easily integrated into a network that has other Ethernet switches.
Use the L90 with integrated IEC 61850 to lower costs associated with generator protection, control and automation. GE’s leadership in IEC 61850 comes from thousands of installed devices and follows on years of development experience with UCA 2.0.
The D60’s IEC 61850 Process Bus module is designed to interface with the Multilin HardFiber System, allowing bi-directional IEC 61850 fiber optic communications. The HardFiber System is designed to integrate seamlessly with existing Universal Relay applications, including protection functions, FlexLogic, metering and communications. Learn more
Supporting up to 20 alpha- numeric or special characters, UR passwords exceed NERC CIP requirements for password complexity. Individual passwords per role are available.
Enables integration with centrally managed authentication and accounting of all user activities and uses modern industry best practices and standards that meet and exceed NERC CIP requirements for authentication and password management.
Efficiently administrate users and roles within UR devices. The new and advanced access functions allow users to configure up to five roles for up to eight configurable users with independent passwords. The standard “Remote Authentication Dial In User Service” (Radius) is used for authentication.
Capture all cyber security related events within a SOE element (login, logout, invalid password attempts, remote/local access, user in session, settings change, FW update, etc), and then serve and classify data by security level using standard Syslog data format. This enables UR devices integration with established SEM (Security Event Management) systems.
The EnerVista™ suite is an industry-leading set of software programs that simplifies every aspect of using the D60 relay. The EnerVista™ suite provides all the tools to monitor the status of the protected asset, maintain the relay, and integrate information measured by the D60 into DCS or SCADA monitoring systems. Convenient COMTRADE and Sequence of Events viewers are an integral part of the UR setup software included with every UR relay, to carry out postmortem event analysis and ensure proper protection system operation. Learn More
GE's Grid Solutions business serves customers globally with over 17,000 employees in approximately 80 countries. Grid Solutions helps enable utilities and industry to effectively manage electricity from the point of generation to the point of consumption, helping to maximize the reliability, efficiency and resiliency of the grid.
Our planet is so large that it's nearly impossible for one country to monitor it. With dozens of satellites in orbit from various countries, coordination and cooperation are key to conserving resources, eliminating redundancy, and providing backup. Europe and the United States coordinate their polar-orbiting satellites with just such an aim in mind. And the Chinese, Brazilians, Indians, Japanese, Russians, and others also cooperate on satellite-related issues and resources.
Sometimes countries modify their orbits or provide extra instruments for other countries' satellites. Satellite operators from different countries also share technical knowledge, such as ideas for improving instruments and maximizing their performance.
The Global Climate Observation System (GCOS) was founded with cooperation in mind. GCOS provides principles and guidelines to satellite operators for acquiring and storing observations from satellites and other sources that are helpful for monitoring climate. In response, satellite operators have started several international activities to produce Climate Data Records (or CDRs). This includes the WMO SCOPE-CM initiative. (It stands for Sustained, Coordinated Processing of Environmental Satellite Data for Climate Monitoring.) GCOS also helps coordinate international satellite mission planning and tries to persuade countries to share their data with others.
New Home Construction Sterling Heights Michigan is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
We offer a full variety of chat rooms to choose from ranging from sports rooms, political discussions and even support groups for addicts, cancer patients and more.
The factor that plays a major role towards Instachatrooms’ popularity is that we provide you with a way to connect with groups of people that have similar interests.
People that experience suicidal tendencies will often fear talking about it with their loved ones, which is why Instachatrooms is an excellent way for them to express their feelings to complete strangers without being judged.
Jesus told The Twelve in Matthew 10:8, ‘Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils. Freely you have received freely give.’ But today’s TV evangelists are saying something entirely different. They are saying, want a miracle? Well it’s going to cost you! To those of you who are trying to buy these miracles, at whatever price they’re going for these days, I would like to caution you about what you’re doing.
But first, bad news! The TV evangelists are at it again. And another one has fallen into the same ditch the others have already fallen into. It seems he hasn’t been able to pay his ministry bills lately. And although he isn’t begging for money, which of course I disagree with, he is trying to sell miracles, which I disagree with more. But personally, I think he would fair much-better if he would just ask for the money. Asking isn’t begging. If he would say, hey, I am in a little bit of trouble here, could you help me out? I believe more would give to his ministry.
It is sad to see any man, or woman of God, get caught up in this type of false doctrine. But they let the pressure get to them I guess. I just wish someone among them would step up and say, hey, this is wrong. We need to stop doing this. But it seems like that is never going to happen. Most of them are in on the idea of selling miracles so they back each other up! Now, I’m not saying that every evangelist on TV is a money grabber. But, the numbers are alarming.
The money grabbers are teaching people to stay in the spirit of expectancy, always keeping them in a state of want. But hey, whatever happened to being content with what you have? Isn’t that what the bible teaches anyhow? I believe so. Hebrews 13:5 says this.
Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as you have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.
Did I read that right? Be content with such things as you have? Oh my. That is a far cry from what is being taught on Christian TV today. I haven’t heard a message about contentment in a very long time. Have you? I guess they’re afraid to teach on contentment for fear people will stop giving to them. Let’s face it, if people ever became content with what they already have they wouldn’t be so quick to buy into the message of giving to get. Miracle sells would drop, and the money grabbers would be out of business.
But, as it is now, the poor keep trying to buy their way out of proverty, the sick keep trying to buy their way in to receiving healing, and the money grabbers just keep on grabbing for their money.
This is wrong and those of you who are buying into this hype need to wise up! When they get on their programs and say such things as, God told me to tell you if you give such and such amount, He will heal you. If you give such and such amount, He will save your lost loved ones; you best not believe it. These provisions have already been bought and paid for by the shed blood of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
TV Evangelists take people’s money under false pretenses. Frankly, I don’t see how they stay of jail. They promise people the moon just to get them to give. Folks, don’t fall prey to the messages they preach on prosperity. Which, by the way, can only be received if you give to them. They never encourage people to give to their local church or any other organization. It’s only if you give to them that you will be blessed. This is ridiculous and why people fall for this stuff is beyond me.
Don’t allow these ministers to talk you into believing you have to pay for your healing. As I said above, and worth repeating again, this provision has already been bought and paid for by Jesus. They can’t provide one verse in the bible that backs up their doctrine. Jesus never associated money with healing. All those that approached Jesus were instantly healed and not once did He say, sow $100.00 into my ministry and then I will heal you.
Sometimes to justify taking money for healing a minister may refer to Matthew 8:4, which says, ‘…and offer the gift that Moses commanded.’ However, the word gift in this particular verse is not referring to money. (Read Leviticus 14:4-32 and Deuteronomy 24:8)
I just don’t believe for one second that God is telling these ministers to get on the air and auction off miracles like they are doing. I just don’t believe it! Remember the scripture we started out with at the beginning of this article? Matthew 10:8, ‘Freely you have received freely give.’ Jesus warned his disciples early on, don’t preach for money. And, 1st Peter 5:2 alsowarns against preaching for filthy lucre or dishonest gain. I wonder sometimes if these evangelists ever read their bible.
The Word of God instructs us to give to the poor. However, today’s rich TV evangelists are telling the poor, if you don’t have anything to give, go out and borrow it. They often encourage people to use their credit cards just so they can be sure to get their money. Credit cards are better than a check because they don’t bounce. How do they sleep at night after preaching this stuff? Give your way out of proverty, they say. But hey, wait a minute, aren’t the rich supposed to give to the poor and not the other way around? Something is terribly wrong with the way people think these days. Many think, if I give to brother so and so, I’ll receive a big house and a nice car like he has. If I give to sister so and so, I’ll receive the same Anointing she has. Let me caution you, if you’re one of those that think that, you better think again. The gifts and callings of God cannot be purchased with money. I don’t care what anyone tells you. (Acts: 8:18-21)
If you want to be blessed then you must give biblically otherwise it won’t work. I heard a minister say the other day, if you have sown a seed (gave money) and haven’t received anything back, sow again. Whatever the problem may be that you’re not receiving back is quickly eliminated by giving again. What a lame way of trying to make a buck.
The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,
In the above verse, we are instructed to preach the gospel to the poor. Yet, I know someone who charges a fee to get into the many services he conducts in and around the United States. As you can see, this is clearly and biblically wrong. It is wrong to charge a rich person to get into a service much less a poor person. This particular evangelist is an excellent teacher but he is in serious error. He has stumbled a long the way yet many are patting him on the back as if to say, good job! Money does strange things to people. The love of money is the root of all evil and it will take you to hell if you let it. (I Timothy 6:10)
I see my article is running a little long. Let me close by saying this, Christian TV can be a wonderful asset to our Christian walk. However, we must be careful. I believe what I have said in this article can be summed up with this verse. 1st Thessalonians 5:21, ‘Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.’ If we prove all things by the bible, instead of, believing all things just because someone said it, none of us will ever go wrong.
The next time you need a miracle, and some evangelist says, it’s going to cost you. Say, no, it’s going to cost you your soul if you don’t wise up.
Help Us! to reach every on globe through unique way of teaching and learning. Let us together enlighten the globe. DONATE NOW
WHO ARE YOU? what is your Location: Jakarta, Indonesia. what is your Business Model: Non-Profit Organization Any content that has been produced through our platform has been and will continue to be Absolutely Free,...
We’re proud to announce that our board of advisory member Julia Szabo has a new book, Medicine Dog! Read about Julia’s one-of-a-kind story and inspire yourselves! We’re also featured on page 215 and 231, as well as our President Tod Emko and our superhero spokesdog Pigpig whom you can read about on pages 143-144 and 152!
Come and see things and work in ways you wouldn’t at home. It is a great learning experience for qualified vets and students alike. Improve your clinical skills, learn Spanish and help a fantastic cause at the same time.
All of this in the unique place that is the Galapagos Islands! It is an experience you will never forget!”
“We are two veterinary students coming from Norway and we were looking for some hand-on experience for our final year. Galapagos seemed like the perfect destination for the combination of both travel and work. As volunteers we have both gained experience in basic clinical work as well as exploring the unique islands and biodiversity of the Galapagos. We would certainly recommend this to anyone who wants to achieve clinical experience with small animal as well as experiencing the joys of traveling.”
Our Lush-funded, HEART-driven formal education program takes flight in the Galapagos! The Isabela Oceanographic Institute has begun teaching DAD’s education program to their Galapagos students, and we couldn’t be more proud of the results!
“Today Sara Luz and I did the education program with the 4th and 5th grade students. It went great and the students loved it! It was one of the first times that I’ve seen every student attentive! We even brought in Sara’s dog, Frieda, as well as props (bed, dog dish, leash, harness, collar, shampoo, dog treats, frontline, vitamins, parasite treatment, brush, etc) to use and show the students. We did a whole presentation about how to use each and why its important. We even had Danny, head director here in isabela from the ABG, there to help us with some important details on being a responsible owner and help answer some questions. We handed out the program tshirts, which all the students LOVED!”
Morgan Nabhan, our board member and a real inspiration for many, was the focal point of one of Texas Non Profits’ latest articles! Read about DAD’s work and her journey to make the world a better place here.
This is baby safety corner cushion, thicken U shape, very soft and confortable, protect babies from being burt when playing and waliking.
Prof. (Dr.) Deepak Jain has got an extensive knowledge and experience in Alphabetic Numerology and related remedies by virtue of his interest and believes.
As per Wikipedia, Numerology is any belief in the divine, mystical relationship between a number and one or more coinciding events. Dr. Jain has experienced the fact of this statement in his life and gradually he was attracted to the magistic forces of numbers that rule many energies of your life. On his interest, he started learning, and expernting the same on different events of his life and based on his own experience, he bacame a number controller and remeadier. Benefits of his knowledge and expereince in numerology can be worthy to take advantage of.
So what is different with the DnnMDesign theme I hear you ask, well the DnnMDesign theme uses Bootstrap v3.3.6 just like the DnnBootster them but this time I have added an extra css framework so that you have the look and feel of ‘Material Design’.
It’s quite simple, Google created a set of design rules so that there is continuity through all types of devices and platforms. Here is a link to Google’s introduction to ‘Material Design’.
From these design rules, some individuals and communities have created Css frameworks (like Bootstrap). There are also css frameworks that extend Bootstrap and one of which I have used to create the DnnMDesign theme which is called ‘Material Design for Bootstrap’. MDB allows you to still have all the goodness of Bootstrap but have the look and feel of Material Design, the best of both worlds!.
Each section points to an include file for that specific section, why?, this way you can remove, add or change the layout and look to your needs. It also helps for the user to look into the html and understand what individual sections are using.
For example: In the ‘Content area section’ there are over 20 rows with different layouts, the chances are that the user would only need 3 or 4 of these rows, the user could then delete the rows that are not needed, leaving only the desired rows. If something goes wrong with the layout he/she would be able to look at a small section of code and correct the problem quicker and easier. The user could even create their own rows.
Another reason is that most of the time you have more than 1 theme layout, ‘home page’ and an ‘inner page’ for example, if you change the top bar include file the changes will be automatically shown on all layouts.
Splitting the theme into sections also helps the DnnMDesign theme as a learning tool, because the them is split into sections it is easier to understand for people wanting to learn how to create a Dnn theme of their own.
If people don’t want to use the include technic they can just copy the contents of the include files and paste it directly in the main theme file.
Enjoy the DnnMDesign theme and I hope this helps you to create your own open source theme for the community to use!
British United Shoe Machinery Leather Hole Machine is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cheap Used Jordan Shoes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Grey Mens Polo Shoes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ladies Boots Shoe Rack Harbour Town is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Mens Oxford Running Shoes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Nike Dollar Shoes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Shoe Shops Antrim is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Upscale Wedding Shoes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
[1] Long term gluten consumption in adults without celiac disease and risk of coronary heart disease : prospective cohort study
[3] « However, the avoidance of gluten may result in reduced consumption of beneficial whole grains, which may affect cardiovascular risk. »
How is it seriously November in a couple of days?! We’re well into Fall, but Summer weather is still in full effect in Miami. Having grown up in freezing cold Minnesota I feel bad complaining about the heat, but come on! 90 degrees in November? I’m tired of getting an instant sweat ‘stache the second I step outside. I miss sweaters! Scarves! Layers! Although those things are pretty much still out of the question, I did rebel by bringing out this long sleeved shirt from Zara the other day. This shirt is made of a really soft, but heavier cotton and I love the boho-hippie vibe of the fringe on the sleeves. That same hippie vibe inspired me to pair it with my YSL mega-platforms. I feel like a bonafide giant in these tall suckers and I enjoy every second of it
Dressing well has always been a secret weapon of mine. It’s incredible how much of an inner boost a great outfit can provide. The day we took these shots I was feeling super under-the-weather (struggling with a massive cold). When I threw this outfit on, I was instantly confident that, at least, I looked better than I felt and I could ‘fake it ’til I make it’!
Part of my arsenal this day was this bold vintage sweater. It’s no secret that I love vintage clothing. I love the quirky, unique, unexpected touch that vintage can bring to a look. This sweater is a thrifted piece that provides all those elements. Since the sweater is a bit bulky, I paired it with a lighter bottom. I adore these Elie Tahari leather shorts with lace trim and thought they added the perfect soft touch to the bolder top.
Welcome to Despy. With this blog, I hope to give you a peek into my style, my life as a new mom, and to demonstrate that stylish living can be achieved on a budget!
http://www.desswags.co.uk/17.html This swagged valance is made up with two swags and three trumpets. To finish the top of the valance a envelope is added, velcro is also added at the edge of the envelope, to assist installation to the pelmet board. It is a choice if you which to interlined swagged valance, it gives extra body and weight makes the valance drape into soft, rounded folds.
Not long after we moved into our home we realized that shelving was needed for the garage. So we put up some very simple, but very sturdy shelving. It needed to hold way too many plastic tubs as well as whatever else we could fit up there.
They were good and have served us well and would continue to serve us well, but we’re of the belief that we can do better. Especially since we are barely able to have enough room to walk through… usually.
And so the research started. There are many options out there and I was almost leaning toward simple metal free-standing shelves. Most of the wall mount options either did not give a good estimate for how much weight they could hold or they were not deep enough.
Then I came across a DIY plan for some garage shelving and since it includes sliding doors, of course my significant other voted for the option of being able to hide things.
The design described and illustrated was very close to what we would need and so we moved out of the research phase and into the design.
It was close and 90% of the design is exactly what we need, but our design does change a couple of things beyond some simple dimension adjustments.
if you knew the exact time, your lat/long, and look angle you could see if they are those or some other satellites.
Yoins is another awesome shop with a huge assortment. It offers a great selection of dresses, tops and plenty of others. Prices of all products, not just clothes from this online store are very low.Several times I made an order in this online shop, and I was very satisfied every time. I guarantee that everyone will find something for themselves.
Now is amazing time for shoping because spring is coming. I know that this part of year is comming for so long but I think we must to prepare for warm weather. In this Yoins comes with help, now is a big promotion on fashion tops for women and on fashion ladies blouses online. Second reason for shopping online is upcoming festivity - Mothers Day. On this ocasion Yoins create special sale - Mothers Day Sale. So if you don't need new clothes, you can buy it as a present for your mother. I think it is great idea.
This is the official version from the company's New Disc and has territorial restrictions and is intended for use in Russia, Ukraine, and CIS countries. (NOT REGION FREE)
Game features: A new breakthrough beyond their limits! Is coming a new part of the incredibly popular blockbuster game Call of Duty. The project meets the legendary Studio Treyarch, which has intended in all respects to surpass the first episode of Call of Duty: Black Ops, which has become one of the most successful games of all time. And that means everything, from exciting campaign to desperate online carnage, it gets steeper, harder and more spectacular. Call of Duty: Black Ops II will take players to the battlefields of the probable future, in the midst of a new cold war between the major superpowers. Thanks to breakthrough technologies of the coming of the era of good old-fashioned shootout will be a real test of strength – robots and drones will become a constant attribute of the battle, and an impressive Arsenal of high-tech weapons. In addition, you can expect the triumphant return of the zombie Apocalypse, which has won the recognition of millions of players, and an updated multiplayer game.
Activation key: 1. You need to download and install Steam http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi (if not installed yet) 2. To register a new account on Steam or go to an existing one. 3. Go to "My games" and select "Activate via Steam" and enter the key received immediately after payment. 4. After activation the game will appear in the list of games and you can download it from steam.
Выполнив покупку Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 вы получаете лицензионный ключ активации моментально по факту оплаты в личном кабинете http://www.oplata.info ►Обратите внимание!◄ • Для доступа к контенту дополнения у вас должна быть установлена лицензионная версия игры Call of Duty: Black Ops 2. ►Описание товара:◄ •Четыре карты для многопользовательской игры: - Карта Pod — посвящена отчаянной перестрелке посреди заброшенного утопического поселения на Тайване. - Карта Frost — отправит вас сражаться за замерзшие каналы, разделяющие городские кварталы. - Карта Takeoff — воссаздает атмосферу ожесточенных перестрелок, которыми славилась карта Stadium из первого DLC к оригинальной Call of Duty: Black Op. - Карта Dig — переносит вас в Афганистан, в центр масштабных археологически раскопок.. •Origins — Новое эпическое сражение с легионами оживших мертвецов, в создании которого приняли участие знаменитый автор графических романов Алекс Росс, прославившийся своими работами по вселенной Marvel, и популярная рок-группа Avenged Sevenfold, чей хит Shepherd of Fire с нового альбома Hail to the King поможет игрокам как следует настроиться на битву за выживание. Данный товар предназначен для распространения на территории России и стран СНГ. Мы не несем ответственности за использование товара за пределами СНГ. ~~ This is a Russian version of the game and we are NOT responsible for regional or any other restrictions!
XML is centered around the idea of documents, but many scenarios go beyond single documents and link various documents to represent a more comprehensive dataset. XML itself has little support for linking documents, but mechanisms such as xml:id, XML Inclusions (XInclude), XML Linking Language (XLink), and the Resource Description Framework (RDF) can be used to overlay linking semantics without having to start from scratch.
XLink blissfully ignored numerous Web issues (and thereby created various problems [XLink Problems (1)])
Linkbases are pointed to by an arc with an arcrole of http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink/properties/linkbase
Jason Strider and his friends grapple with dating, sex, and surviving as adults. They care more about hanging with each other, going to bars and hooking up than their entry level jobs, but when a one night stand steals Jason's heart and his pants, he begins a quest to get his beloved jeans back - and hopefully the girl - while growing up along the way.
Clinical Director, Fellowship in Spinal Biomechanics and Trauma, Academy of Chiropractic, Cleveland University Kansas City, Chiropractic and Health Sciences, 2017-present
Adjunct Post Graduate Faculty, Cleveland University – Kansas City, College of Chiropractic, 2017 – present
Clinical Director, Hospital Qualifying Program, Academy of Chiropractic, Cleveland University Kansas City, Chiropractic and Health Sciences, 2017-present
Clinical Director, Fellowship in Spinal Biomechanics and Trauma, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Long Island, NY, 2016 – 2017
Educational Director, Primary Spine Care Qualification, Academy of Chiropractic, Cleveland University Kansas City, Chiropractic and Health Sciences, 2017-present
Coordinator, Hospital Qualifying Program for Chiropractors, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Long Island NY, 2016-present
Adjunct Clinical Assistant Professor, University of Bridgeport College of Chiropractic, Bridgeport, Connecticut, 2012 - Present
Adjunct Associate Professor - Family Practice Department, State University at Buffalo School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Buffalo, New York, 2012 - Present
Coordinator – Chiropractic Elective – State University of New York at Buffalo School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences – Family Practice Residency Program, Buffalo NY, 2011-present
Clinical and Research Co-Director and Chief Executive Officer, US Chiropractic Directory, Setauket, NY, 2009 - Present
Clinical Supervisor, State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Exercise Sciences and Nutrition Science Department, 2007- Present
Assistant Clinical Director Chiropractic Department, Chiropractor, Sheehan Memorial Hospital, Buffalo, NY, 1999-2002
Primary Spine Care Qualified, This qualification includes graduate chiropractic education in healthy and traumatically altered spinal morphology inclusive of osseous, connective tissue and neurological structure, function and pathology. This certifies you are qualified in assessing predictive models in spinal biomechanics and devising engineering paradigms for treatment plans to maximize spinal homeostasis in an evidenced based conclusion. In addition, this qualification acknowledges your expertise in triaging the injured and coordinating collaborative care from the trauma through conclusion of rehabilitation, Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Cleveland University-Kansas City , College of Chiropractic, Long Island NY, 2017
Primary Spine Care Symposium 3 – Interprofessional Spine Care, Clinical analysis of anatomic versus biomechanical spine pain and clinical triage protocols. Relating current research trends in the Whole Spine Model of patient including normal versus abnormal sagittal curvature in the adolescent and adult spine, pelvic incidence as a parameter for sagittal balance in the human spine and current methods of assessment. Patient centered approach to Evidenced Based Spine care with a focus on diagnosis, prognosis and triage of the spine pain patient, Texas Chiropractic College Post-Doctoral Division, Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Melville NY 2017
Primary Spine Care Symposium 3 – Epidemiology of Spine Pain, Review of the current Centers for Disease Control [CDC} data on the frequency of musculoskeletal pain in the United States population with emphasis on pain of spinal origin. CDC guidelines on opioid medication were discussed and correlated to persistent pain syndromes. Research was reviewed showing the importance of managing the spine pain patient properly from the entry point of care with a concentration on maintenance of spinal biomechanics, Texas Chiropractic College Post-Doctoral Division, Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Melville NY 2017
Primary Spine Care Symposium 3 - Connective Tissue and Spinal Disc Pathology, The morphology and pathology of connective tissue, inclusive of spinal disc disorders and prognosticating wound repair with permanency implications. Disc bulge, herniation, protrusion and extrusion classifications based upon contemporary literature and how to age-date disc pathology, Texas Chiropractic College Post-Doctoral Division, Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Melville NY 2017
Primary Spine Care Symposium 3 – Physiology and Anatomy of Spinal Manual Adjusting, Understanding the role of mechanoreceptors, proprioceptors and nociceptors with facets, ligaments, tendons and muscles in aberrant spinal biomechanics. MRI and imaging studies of decompressing via a chiropractic spinal adjustment of the bio-neuro-mechanical lesion and its effects on the central nervous system both reflexively and supratentorally, Texas Chiropractic College Post-Doctoral Division, Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Melville NY 2017
Primary Spine Care Symposium 3 – Medical-Legal Documentation, The contemporary documentation required in a medical-legal environment that is evidenced based and meets the standards of the courts and academia. Utilizing the scientific data to support a diagnosis, prognosis and treatment plan while meeting the admissibility standards based upon a professional’s credentials. Texas Chiropractic College Post-Doctoral Division, Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Melville NY 2017
Primary Spine Care 2 - Spinal Trauma Pathology, Morphology of healthy and traumatized connective tissue and the permanency implication of adhesions, spinal disc morphology in the healthy and pathological patient as sequella to trauma in relationship to bulges, herniations, protrusions, extrusions and sequestrations. Aberrant spinal biomechanics and negative sequella to trauma, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Setauket NY, 2016
Primary Spine Care 2 - Chiropractic Spinal Adjustment Central Nervous System Processing, Literature reviews of mechanoreceptor, proprioceptor and nociceptor stimulation of later horn gray matter with periaqueductal stimulation affecting the thalamus and cortical regions with efferent distribution in disparate regions of the body in both pain and systemic stimulation, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Setauket NY, 2016
Primary Spine Care 2 – Central Nervous System Processing of Pain and Physiology, Central neural pathways of pain and higher cortical responses to pain and the effect of high amplitude-low velocity forces on mechanoreceptors and proprioceptors. The effects of neuropeptides on the hypothalamus, pituitary and adrenal axis when treating patients. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Melville NY, 2016
Primary Spine Care 2 – MRI, Bone Edema and Degeneration, The effects of trauma on spinal vertebral segments and the short and long term sequella to morphology. Identifying and diagnosing bone edema, spurring, types of degeneration in assessing biomechanical stability in conjunction with Modic and Pfeiffer changes Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Melville NY, 2016
Primary Spine Care 2 – Hospital and Emergency Room Care, Identifying spinal lesions inclusive of cord and root lesion through examination and advanced imaging in creating an accurate diagnosis, prognosis and treatment plan to effectively triage in collaboration and coordination with medical specialists and emergency department physicians. Differentially diagnosing and triaging disc degenerative bulges, traumatic disc bulges, protrusion herniations, extrusion herniations and fragmented herniations along with managing traumatically induced pain as sequella to degenerative disc trauma, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Melville NY, 2016
Evidenced Based Interprofessional Collaboration- Primary Spine Care, Chiropractic as Primary spine care based upon the literature conclusions and the documentation requirements to support those conclusions in an ethical collaborative environment inclusive of hospitals, emergency rooms, primary care medical doctors and medical specialists. Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing boards, Texas Chiropractic College, Las Vegas NV, 2015?
Evaluation and Management of Low Back Conditions, Diagnosis, prognosis and the creation of treatment plans based upon the contemporary literature inclusive of the neurological pathways of pain from both upper and lower motor neuron pathways. Etiologies of mechanical pain with radicular and myelopathic sequella along with stabilization and modalities as treatment pathways, DC Seminars, Texas Chiropractic College Post Graduate Division, Westbury NY 2015
Human Subjects Research Basic Course, Ethics, institutional review boards, informed consent, records, genetic research in human population, vulnerable subjects, FDA requirements, HIPAA, reporting unanticipated problems, Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative, University of Miami, Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL. 2014
Biomedical Responsible Conduct of Research, Using animal subjects in research, research involving human subjects, export controls and national security, plagiarism, mentoring, responsible conduct of research, research misconduct, data management, authorship, peer review, conflict of interest, collaborative research, Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative. University of Miami, Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL, 2014
Biomedical Responsible Conduct of Research, using animal subjects in research, research involving human subjects, export controls and national security, plagiarism, mentoring, responsible conduct of research, research misconduct, data management, authorship, peer review, conflict of interest, collaborative research, Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative, University of Miami, Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL. 2014
Spinal Biomechanical Engineering Principles and Application, Integrating spinal biomechanics and pathobiomechanics through digitized analysis. The comparison of organized versus disorganized compensation with regional and global compensation. Advanced analysis and integration of pathobiomechanics as sequella to trauma in clinical practice and documentation. PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensure Boards, Las Vegas NV 2013
Integrating Clinical Findings in Admissible Documentation, Combining clinical, radiographic, electrodiagnostic and MRI findings to conclude a diagnosis and reporting accurately through admissible documentation. Diagnosis includes head, spine and disc pathology as sequella to trauma, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensure Boards, Las Vegas NV 2013
Spinal Biomechanical Engineering: Cartesian System, The Cartesian Coordinate System from the history to the application in the human body. Explanation of the x, y and z axes in both translation and rotations (thetas) and how they are applicable to human biomechanics. [Insert the state licensure body sent to you], ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Buffalo, NY, 2013
Spinal Biomechanical Engineering: Cervical Pathobiomechanics, Spinal biomechanical engineering of the cervical and upper thoracic spine. This includes the normal and pathobiomechanical movement of both the anterior and posterior motor units and normal function and relationship of the intrinsic musculature to those motor units. Nomenclature in reporting normal and pathobiomechanical findings of the spine. [Insert the state licensure body sent to you], ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Buffalo, NY, 2013
Spinal Biomechanical Engineering: Lumbar Pathobiomechanics, Spinal biomechanical engineering of the lumbar spine. This includes the normal and pathobiomechanical movement of both the anterior and posterior motor units and normal function and relationship of the intrinsic musculature to those motor units. Nomenclature in reporting normal and pathobiomechanical findings of the spine. [Insert the state licensure body sent to you], ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Buffalo, NY, 2013
impact and whiplash mechanisms in determining pathobiomechanics. To clinically correlate annular tears, disc herniations, fractures, ligament pathology and spinal segmental instability as sequella to pathobiomechanics from trauma. The utilization of digital motion x-ray in diagnosing normal versus abnormal facet motion along with case studies to understand the clinical application. [Insert the state licensure body sent to you], ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Buffalo, NY, 2013
Spinal Biomechanical Engineering & Organizational Analysis, Integrating spinal biomechanics and pathobiomechanics through digitized analysis. The comparison of organized versus disorganized compensation with regional and global compensation. Correlation of the vestibular, ocular and proprioceptive neurological integration in the righting reflex as evidenced in imaging. Digital and numerical algorithm in analyzing a spine. [Insert the state licensure body sent to you], ACCME Joint Sponsorship
with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Buffalo, NY, 2013
Spinal Biomechanical Engineering: Cervical Digital Analysis, Digitizing and analyzing the cervical spine in neutral, flexion and extension views to diagnose pathobiomechanics. This includes alteration of motion segment integrity (AMOSI) in both angular and translational movement. Ligament instability/failure/pathology are identified all using numerical values and models. Review of case studies to analyze pathobiomechanics using a computerized/numerical algorithm. [Insert the state licensure body sent to you], ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Buffalo, NY, 2013
Spinal Biomechanical Engineering: Full Spine Digital Analysis, Digitalizing and analyzing the full spine images to diagnose pathobiomechanics as sequella to trauma in relation to ligamentous failure and disc and vertebral pathology as sequella. This includes anterior and posterior vertebral body elements in rotational analysis with neutral, left and right lateral bending in conjunction with gate analysis. Ligament instability/failure/pathology is identified all using numerical values and models. Review of case studies for analysis of pathobiomechanics using a computerized/numerical algorithm along with corrective guidelines. [Insert the state licensure body sent to you], ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Buffalo, NY, 2013
MRI Protocols Clinical Necessity, MRI slices, views, T1, T2, STIR axial, stacking, FFE, FSE and sagittal images. Clinical indication for the utilization of MRI and pathologies of disc in both trauma and non-trauma sequella, including bulge, herniation, protrusion, extrusion and sequestration. New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Long Island, NY, 2012
MRI Interpretation of Cervical Herniations, MRI slices, views, T1, T2, STIR Axial, FFE, FSE and sagittal images in the interpretation of lumbar herniations. With the co-morbidities and complications of stenosis, pseudo-protrusions, cantilevered vertebrate, Schmorl's nodes and herniations. morphology of lumbar disc pathologies of central and lateral herniations, protrusions, extrusions, sequestration, focal and broad based herniations are defined and illustrated. Spinal cord and canal compromise interpretation with management. New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Long Island, NY, 2012
MRI Interpretation of Lumbar Herniations, MRI slices, views, T1, T2, STIR axial, stacking, FFE, FSE and sagittal images in the interpretation of lumbar herniations. With the co-morbities and complications of stenosis, pseudo-protrusions, cantilevered vertebrate, Schmorl's nodes and herniations. Morphology of lumbar disc pathologies of central and lateral herniations, protrusions, extrusions, sequestration, focal and broad based herniations are defined and illustrated. Central canal and cauda equina compromise interpretation with management. New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Long Island, NY, 2012
MRI Interpretation of Cervical Degeneration/Bulges, MRI slices, views, T1, T2, STIR axial, stacking, FFE, FSE and sagittal images in the interpretation of lumbar degeneration. With the co-morbidities and complications of stenosis, pseudo-protrusions, cantilevered vertebrate, Schmorl's nodes and herniations. Spinal cord and canal compromise interpretation with management. New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Long Island, NY, 2012
MRI Interpretation of Degenerative Spine and Disc Disease with Overlapping Traumatic Insult to Both Spine and Disc, MRI slices, views, T1, T2, STIR Axial, FFE, FSE and sagittal images in the interpretation of degenerative spondylolisthesis, spinal canal stenosis, Modic type 3 changes, central herniations, extrusions, compressions, nerve root compressions, advanced spurring and thecal sac involvement from an orthopaedic, emergency room, chiropractic, neurological, neurosurgical, physical medicine perspective. New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Long Island, NY, 2012
Electrodiagnostic Interpretation, EMG/NCV, Somato-sensory evoked potentials, brain stem auditory evoked potential and visual evoked potential utilization, physiology and interpretation, electrodiagnostic testing as a clinical component in part of the neurological work-up of the traumatically injured patient in both the peripheral and central nervous system. Inductions and contraindications to electrodiagnostic procedures. The utilization of electrodiagnostics in concluding radiculopathy, myelopathy and plexopathy and determining recent trauma or chronic pathology, Federation of Chiropractic Licensure Boards, Academy of Chiropractic, American Academy of Medical-Legal Professionals, Hollywood, Florida, 2012
Biomechanics of Spinal Trauma and its Relationship to Pre-Existing Injuries and Degenerative Changes. Whiplash Associated Disorders and the biomechanics of side impact vs. rear impact with emphasis on traumatic forces and body position, the mechanism of whiplash injury phases with their relationships to physiologic tolerance to trauma, specific diagnosis of disc pathology and annular tear, disc herniation, fracture, ligamentous injury and instability. Details of spinal nerve root stretching injury and dimensions of the spinal canal during whiplash was outlined particular to significant spinal injury resulting from low level accelerations including pediatric spinal trauma and physiological normals. Spinal surgical intervention techniques including ordering diagnostic studies using MRI, CT and digital motion x-ray. Federation of Chiropractic Licensure Boards, Academy of Chiropractic, American Academy of Medical-Legal Professionals, Hollywood, Florida, 2012
Neurological Examination and Neuroplastisity in Clinical Practice – central nervous system neuroplastisity and its relationship to injury, examination and treatment protocols. CNS feedback loops and the neurological examination relating to cranial nerve evaluation, upper and lower extremity peripheral nerve evaluation including gait analysis and motor systems. Emphasis was placed on dermatomal and peripheral nerve pathway mapping. Fetterman Events, Fred Clary DC DICBN, Chiropractic Neurologist, Wauwatosa, WI University of Western States, 2011.
Clinical Neuroanatomy and Functional Neurology: Detailed anatomy and embryological development of the head, brain and spinal column. Topography and introductory physiology of the brain and correlation to the clinical neurological examination. Pathophysiologic mechanisms of vascular disease including stroke risk factors and clinical correlation to central nervous system vascular anatomy. Practical case management of neurologic conditions including integration of rehabilitation and the sensory motor feedback loop with emphasis on neuroplasticity. Emphasis on clinically correlating Central Nervous system anatomy to vascular and anatomical lesions. Fetterman Events, Fred Clary DC DICBN, Chiropractic Neurologist, Wauwatosa, WI University of Western States, 2010.
Accident Reconstruction and Ensuing Bodily Injury, Understanding the forces involved in crashed and the transference of those forces from the bullet car to the target car. Quantifying those forces to determine bodily injury and calculating speed, distance, time and drag factors in determining causality and direction of forces. CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, Ronkonkoma, NY, 2009
MRI. CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, Terry Button, PhD, Medical Physicist, State University of New York at Stony Brook, Long Island, NY, 2009
MRI Anatomy & History, Normal anatomy of axial and sagittal views utilizing T1, T2, 3D Gradient and STIR sequences of imaging. Standardized and desired protocols in views and sequencing of MRI examination to create an accurate diagnosis in MRI. CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, Robert Peyster MD, Neuroradiologist, State University of New York at Stony Brook, Long Island, NY, 2009
MRI Disc Pathology & Spinal Stenosis, MRI interpretation of bulged, herniated, protruded, extruded sequestered and fragmented disc pathologies in etiology and neurological sequella in relationship to the spinal cord and spinal nerve roots. CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, Robert Peyster MD, Neuroradiologist, State University of New York at Stony Brook, Long Island, NY, 2009
MRI Methodology of Analysis, MRI interpretation sequencing of the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine inclusive of T1, T2, STIR and 3D gradient studies to ensure the accurate diagnosis of the region visualized. CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, Robert Peyster MD, Neuroradiologist, State University of New York at Stony Brook, Long Island, NY, 2009
MRI Clinical Application, The clinical application of the results of space occupying lesions. Disc and tumor pathologies and the clinical indications of manual and adjustive therapies in the patient with spinal nerve root and spinal cord insult as sequella. CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, Magdy Shady MD, Neurosurgeon, State University of New York at Stony Brook, Long Island, NY, 2009
MRI Interpretation of Spinal Cord, Spinal Disc and Spinal Canal Disorders, MRI interpretation of herniated, protruded, extruded, bulged and sequestered discs & spinal stenosis as sequella of ligamentous hypertrophy, congenital malformation, spinal cord pathology. Clinical necessity and contraindications. Robert Peyster MD, DABR, CAQ-NR, Neuroradiologist, CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Long Island, NY, 2009
AMA Guides to the Evaluation of Permanent Impairment 6th Edition, Clinically coordinating spinal pathology with neurological and functional sequella including station & gait, migraines, sexual dysfunction, sleep & arousal disorders, paroxysmal disorders, radiculopathic disorders and central nervous system disorders, CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Long Island, NY, 2009
MRI Interpretation of Herniated Disc and Spinal Cord and Root Encroachment, MRI interpretation of herniated, protruded, extruded, bulged and sequestered discs and their relationship to the spinal cord and spinal nerve roots and the clinical correlation to spinal adjustments, manual spinal therapy and joint mobilization. Magdy Shady MD, Neurosurgeon, Neuro-Trauma Surgery, CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Long Island, NY, 2009
Neurodiagnostics, Imaging Protocols and Pathology of the Trauma Patient, An in-depth understanding of the protocols in triaging and reporting the clinical findings of the trauma patient. Maintaining ethical relationships with the medical-legal community, CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education Board for Chiropractic, Long Island, NY, 2008
Risk Factors, Clinical Presentation and Triaging the Trauma Patient, An extensive understanding of the injured with clinically coordinating the history, physical findings and when to integrate neurodiagnostics. An understanding on how to utilize emergency room records in creating an accurate diagnosis and the significance of “risk factors” in spinal injury. CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Education Department Board for Chiropractic Diagnostics, Long Island, NY, 2008
Crash Dynamics and its Relationship to Causality, An extensive understanding of the physics involved in the transference of energy from the bullet car to the target car. This includes G's of force, Newton’s, gravity, energy, skid marks, crumple zones, spring factors, event data recorder and the graphing of the movement of the vehicle before, during and after the crash. Determining the clinical correlation of forces and bodily
injury. CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Education Department Board for Chiropractic, Long Island, NY, 2008
Documentation and Reporting for the Trauma Victim, Understanding the necessity for accurate documentation and diagnosis utilizing the ICD-9 and the CPT to accurately describe the injury through diagnosis. Understanding and utilizing state regulations on reimbursement issues pertaining to healthcare. CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Education Department, Board for Chiropractic, Long Island, NY, 2008
Documenting Clinically Correlated Bodily Injury to Causality, Understanding the necessity for accurate documentation, diagnosis and clinical correlation to the injury when reporting injuries in the medical-legal community. Documenting the kinesiopatholy, myopathology, neuropathology, pathophysiology in both a functional and structural paradigm. CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Education Department, Board for Chiropractic, Long Island, NY, 2008
Management of Chronic Pain in the Clinical Setting: Low Back Pain and Fibromyalgia, Description. American Academy of Pain Management, location, 2007
Relief of Pain in the Palliative Care Environment, Description. American Academy of Pain Management, location, 2007
Certification in Manipulation Under Anesthesia, National University of Health Sciences, Sheehan Memorial Hospital, Buffalo, NY, 2007
Healthcare Partnerships and Compliance, Description. New York College of Chiropractic, Buffalo, 2006
Evaluation of the Thoracic Spine and Ribs, Orthopedic, radiographic protocols and interpretation, MRI protocols and interpretation, National College of Chiropractic, Syracuse, NY, 1999
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care affecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Alabama State Board of Chiropractic Examiners, ID #700176, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care affecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Board of Chiropractic Examiners, State of California CA-A-17-04-13557, Sacramento, CA, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care affecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Cleveland University, Kansas City, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, State of Georgia, Board of Chiropractic Examiners, Index #2018-108, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Managing & Triaging Cases, Early Stroke Diagnosis, DC vs. PT, Ensuring Chiropractic as the 1st Referral Option: Primary Spine Care 6,Cleveland University, Kansas City, Academy of Chiropractic, , State of Hawaii, Professional & Vocational Licensing Division, Board of Chiropractic Examiners, Department of Consumer Affairs, Index #HI 18-234, Honolulu HI, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Managing & Triaging Cases, Early Stroke Diagnosis, DC vs. PT, Ensuring Chiropractic as the 1st Referral Option: Primary Spine Care 6, Cleveland University, Kansas City, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Kansas Chiropractic Association, Topeka KS, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Managing & Triaging Cases, Early Stroke Diagnosis, DC vs. PT, Ensuring Chiropractic as the 1st Referral Option: Primary Spine Care 6 ONLINE, Cleveland University, Kansas City, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Kansas Chiropractic Association, Topeka KS, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Documenting Trauma and Non-Trauma Cases & Triaging Disc Pathology, Triage, care and collaboration for herniated, bulged, protruded, extruded and fragmented spinal discs. Compliant documentation of evaluation and management of new and established patients inclusive of chief complaint, history of present illness, review of systems, past-family-social histories with case management protocols and the required elements. Clinically coordinating treatment with subjective complaints, clinical findings and diagnosis for each encounter. Cleveland University-Kansas City Chiropractic and Health Sciences, Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Long Island, NY, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Spinal Disc and Ligament Neurology and Pathology, Cleveland University, Kansas City, Chiropractic and Health Sciences, The neurological cascade of mechanoreceptors, proprioreceptors and nociceptors as sequella to trauma and the effect on the higher cortical area afferently and the compensatory reaction efferently, West Virginia Board of Chiropractic, South Charleston WV, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Triage and Management of the Trauma and Non-Trauma Patient, Differentially diagnosing spinal issues in the trauma and non-trauma patient inclusive of spinal disc pathology utilizing x-ray, MRI, CAT Scan and clinical evaluations. Collaborative triaging protocols with neurologists, neurosurgeons, orthopedic surgeons, pain management and primary medical care providers with both mechanical and anatomical spinal pathologies, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Approved for the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Cleveland University, Kansas City Chiropractic and Health Sciences, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Neurology of Ligament Pathology- Normal Morphology and Tissue Damage, Connective tissue morphology, embryology and wound repair as sequalae to trauma. Full components of strain-sprain models and permanency implications with wound repair and osseous aberration with aberrant structural integrity, Academy of Chiropractic, Post-Doctoral Division, PACE approved of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Cleveland University-Kansas City, College of Chiropractic, Long Island NY, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Neurology of Ligament Pathology- Spinal Biomechanics and Disc Pathology, Disc pathology as sequella to trauma; herniation, extrusion, protrusion, sequestration and how the spinal unit as one system creates homeostasis to balance the pathology, Academy of Chiropractic, Post-Doctoral Division, PACE approved of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Cleveland University-Kansas City, College of Chiropractic, Long Island NY, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Neurology of Ligament Pathology- Neurological Innervation, The peripheral and central innervation of the disc and spinal ligaments of the dorsal root ganglion, spinal thalamic tracts, periaqueductal gray areas innervating the Thalamus and multiple regions of the brain. The efferent neurological distribution to disparate areas of the spine to create homeostasis until tetanus ensues creating osseous changes under the effect of Wolff's Law, Academy of Chiropractic, Post-Doctoral Division, PACE approved of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Cleveland University-Kansas City, College of Chiropractic, Long Island NY, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Interprofessional Hospital Based Spinal Care, Identifying spinal lesions inclusive of cord and root lesion through examination and advanced imaging in creating an accurate diagnosis, prognosis and treatment plan to effectively triage in collaboration and coordination with medical specialists and emergency department physicians. Differentially diagnosing and triaging disc degenerative bulges, traumatic disc bulges, protrusion herniations, extrusion herniations and fragmented herniations along with managing traumatically induced pain as sequella to degenerative disc trauma, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Minnesota Board of Chiropractic Examiners, ID #65848, Minneapolis MN, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Interprofessional Hospital Based Spinal Care, Identifying spinal lesions inclusive of cord and root lesion through examination and advanced imaging in creating an accurate diagnosis, prognosis and treatment plan to effectively triage in collaboration and coordination with medical specialists and emergency department physicians. Differentially diagnosing and triaging disc degenerative bulges, traumatic disc bulges, protrusion herniations, extrusion herniations and fragmented herniations along with managing traumatically induced pain as sequella to degenerative disc trauma, Cleveland University, Kansas City, Academy of Chiropractic, District of Columbia Board of Chiropractic, Department of Health, Washington, D.C., 2018
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care effecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Cleveland University, Kansas City, Academy of Chiropractic, District of Columbia Board of Chiropractic, Department of Health, Washington, D.C., 2018
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care affecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Board, New Jersey Office of the Attorney General, Division of Consumer Affairs, State Board of Chiropractic Examiners, Newark NJ, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care affecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Board, State of Missouri Board of Chiropractic Examiners ID# 20170026688, Jefferson City MO, 2017-2019
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care 2, Connective tissue morphology, embryology and wound repair as sequela to trauma. Full components of strain-sprain models and permanency implications with wound repair and osseous aberration with aberrant structural integrity, Cleveland University, Kansas City, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, New Mexico Board of Chiropractic Examiners, Santa Fe NM, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care 3, Connective tissue morphology, embryology and wound repair as sequela to trauma. Full components of strain-sprain models and permanency implications with wound repair and osseous aberration with aberrant structural integrity, Cleveland University, Kansas City, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, New Mexico Board of Chiropractic Examiners, Santa Fe NM, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care affecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Department of State Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs, State Board of Chiropractic, DCE00087 Harrisburg PA, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care affecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, State of West Virginia Board of Chiropractic, South Charleston WV, 2018
Clinical Instructor, Spinal Biomechanical Engineering, Differential diagnosis of pathobiomechanics in the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine as sequelae to micro and macro trauma and chronic biomechanic instabilities. Understanding the clinical implications of long term biomechanical failure in resultant disc pathology, ligament pathology and osseous pathology, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Chiropractic Physicians’ Board of Nevada, Index # NV19-134, Reno NV, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Spinal Biomechanical Engineering, Differential diagnosis of pathobiomechanics in the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine as sequelae to micro and macro trauma and chronic biomechanic instabilities. Understanding the clinical implications of long term biomechanical failure in resultant disc pathology, ligament pathology and osseous pathology, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Arkansas State Board of Chiropractic Examiners, AR Course #AR6446 Little Rock AR, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Spinal Biomechanical Engineering: Diagnostic Imaging Interpretation, Differential diagnosis of pathobiomechanics in the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine as sequella to micro and macro trauma and chronic biomechanic instabilities. Understanding the clinical implications of long term biomechanical failure in resultant disc pathology, ligament pathology and osseous pathology, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, State of Georgia, Board of Chiropractic Examiners, Index #2017-43, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Interprofessional Hospital Based Spinal Care, Identifying spinal lesions inclusive of cord and root lesion through examination and advanced imaging in creating an accurate diagnosis, prognosis and treatment plan to effectively triage in collaboration and coordination with medical specialists and emergency department physicians. Differentially diagnosing and triaging disc degenerative bulges, traumatic disc bulges, protrusion herniations, extrusion herniations and fragmented herniations along with managing traumatically induced pain as sequella to degenerative disc trauma, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, State of Georgia, Board of Chiropractic Examiners, Index #2017-52, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Chiropractic as a Primary Spine Care, based upon the literature conclusions and the documentation requirements to support those conclusions in an ethical collaborative environment inclusive of hospitals, emergency rooms, primary care medical doctors and medical specialists, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, State of Georgia, Board of Chiropractic Examiners, Index #2017-54, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care effecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Board, State of Hawaii, Professional & Vocational Licensing Division, Board of Chiropractic Examiners, Department of Consumer Affairs, Index #HI 17-157, Honolulu HI, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care effecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Board, Minnesota Board of Chiropractic Examiners, ID #61486, Minneapolis MN, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care effecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Board, Texas Board of Chiropractic, ID #O07-7868, Pasadena TX, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care effecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Board, Chiropractic Physicians’ Board of Nevada, Index # NV19-157, Reno NV, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Spinal Biomechanical Engineering, Differential diagnosis of pathobiomechanics in the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine as sequella to micro and macro trauma and chronic biomechanic instabilities. Understanding the clinical implications of long term biomechanical failure in resultant disc pathology, ligament pathology and osseous pathology, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Chiropractic Physicians’ Board of Nevada, Index # NV19-134, Reno NV, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Spinal Biomechanical Engineering, Differential diagnosis of pathobiomechanics in the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine as sequella to micro and macro trauma and chronic biomechanic instabilities. Understanding the clinical implications of long term biomechanical failure in resultant disc pathology, ligament pathology and osseous pathology, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Arkansas State Board of Chiropractic Examiners, AR Course #AR6446 Little Rock AR, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care Symposium 3- Connective Tissue and Spinal Disc Pathology, The morphology and pathology of connective tissue, inclusive of spinal disc disorders and prognosticating wound repair with permanency implications. Disc bulge, herniation, protrusion and extrusion classifications based upon contemporary literature and how to age-date disc pathology. Texas Chiropractic College, Post-Doctoral Division, Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Melville, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care Symposium 3- Physiology and Anatomy of Spinal Manual Adjusting, Understanding the role of mechanoreceptors, proprioceptors and nociceptors with facets, ligaments, tendons and muscles in aberrant spinal biomechanics. MRI and imaging studies of decompressing via a chiropractic spinal adjustment of the bio-neuro-mechanical lesion and its effects on the central nervous system both reflexively and supratentorial. Texas Chiropractic College Post-Doctoral Division, Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Melville, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care Symposium 3- Medical-Legal Documentation, The contemporary documentation required in a medical-legal environment that is evidenced based and meets the standards of the courts and academia. Utilizing the scientific data to support a diagnosis, prognosis and treatment plan while meeting the admissibility standards based upon a professional’s credentials. Texas Chiropractic College, Post-Doctoral Division, Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Melville, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Contemporary Literature of the Chiropractic Spinal Adjustment, The bio-neuro-mechanical scientific foundation of spinal lesion and the neurological pathways, both in the lower and upper motor neuron pathways. The autonomic sequella of the vertebral subluxation and the effects of the correction and maintenance of those lesions. Texas Chiropractic College, PACE Approved for the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Board, Academy of Chiropractic, Melville, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, MRI Spine Interpretation and Spinal Biomechanics, Bulging, herniated, protruded and extruded disc contemporary nomenclature, analysis and differential diagnosis. Connective tissue physiology and pathology with aberrant biomechanical permanent sequalae. Texas Chiropractic College, PACE Approved for the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Board, Academy of Chiropractic, Melville, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 2, Analyzing the integration of collision reconstruction and spinal biomechanics utilizing a mathematical model. Understanding the model and transference of energy from the bullet car to the target car to the occupant to aberrant spinal biomechanics. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 2, Understanding the mathematical models required to analyse a collision and create coefficients of forces transferred in a collision that effect the automobile and the occupant. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 3, Calculation worksheets in the mathematical models required to analyse a collision and create coefficients of forces transferred in a collision that effect the automobile and the occupant. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 4, An analysis of vehicle parts and construction design that contribute to the energy translated to the human body and spine inclusive of seatbelts, airbags, bumpers, event data recorders, tires, axles and auto frames. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 5, When correlating crash to injury, inspecting the vehicle for evidence of damage to verify causality and extent of malformation of the vehicle beyond that of the outer shell of the vehicle. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 6, Newton's laws of inertia and the determinant calculations required based upon the action of the vehicle and how spinal biomechanics are affected. Analyzing the vehicle and accident site to reconstruct the actions of the car to create a mode. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 7, Reconstructing and calculating minimal speed and velocity as injury and damage factors based upon skid marks considering coefficients of friction based upon various road surfaces. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 8, Reconstructing and calculating speed and velocity as injury and damage factors based upon yaw marks considering coefficients of friction based upon various road surfaces. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 9, Coefficients of momentum and calculating plastic vs. elastic deformation. Direction of forces as mathematical determinants of collision and resultant bodily injury forces. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 10, Coefficients of acceleration, negative acceleration and G-forces in collisions that contribute to vehicular and bodily injuries. Analyzing time, speed and weight of bullet and target automobiles to reconstruct the energy of a collision and injury potential. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 11, The osseous and ligamentous structures that are subject to pathology in bodily injury. The pathological reaction of connective tissue when it exceeds its paraphysiological limits and the bio-neuro-mechanical changes the connective tissue undergoes as sequella to trauma. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 12, Energy and momentum coefficients and data utilized as determinants and error ranges in calculations. Considering the stiffness of the vehicle, air bag function and formulation of timing in its release point and injury potential to facial and spinal structures. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 13, Mathematical worksheet reviewing kinetic and work energy, momentum, acceleration and G-forces in numerically quantifying a collision, the energy created to deform an automobile and the transference of forces creating connective tissue pathology and altered spinal biomechanics. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 14, Analyzing a sample accident (case 1) utilizing all the vehicle, road surface combining standardized calculation variables in reconstructing an accident and the resultant energy considered for connective tissue pathology and resultant aberrant spinal biomechanics. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 15, Analyzing a sample accident (case 2) utilizing all the vehicle, road surface combining standardized calculation variables in reconstructing an accident and the resultant energy considered for connective tissue pathology and resultant aberrant spinal biomechanics. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Collision Reconstruction & Biomechanical Engineering - Part 16, Analyzing a sample accident (case 3) utilizing all the vehicle, road surface combining standardized calculation variables in reconstructing an accident and the resultant energy considered for connective tissue pathology and resultant aberrant spinal biomechanics. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Bio-Neuro-Mechanical Lesions and Spine Care, Primary Spine Care, Mechanoreceptor, proprioceptor, nociceptor innervation and control of the spinal system with central nervous system action and interaction. The integration of the pain processing network and the HPA Axis (hypothalamus, adrenal and pituitary) with the chiropractic spinal adjustment. Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Texas Chiropractic College, Long Island, NY, 2017
Instructor, Evidence Based Spine Care: Epidemiology of spine care, the opioid epidemic and spinal manipulation for pain management. Functional neuroanatomy and neurochemistry of pain perception, including descending modulation of pain in the central nervous system. Review of specific research outlining spinal manipulations influence on the central nervous system in the spine pain patient. Clinical assessment and interprofessional communications relating to the diagnosis and management of the mechanical spine pain patient. Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Dallas Texas, March 2017
Instructor, Evidence Based Spine Care: Spinal biomechanics and response to trauma. Detailed review of spinal instability, mechanical spine trauma and global spinal biomechanical balance. The influence of spinal sagittal curvature, pelvic incidence, sacral slope and pelvic tilt on conservative and surgical care outcomes. Clinical correlation with radiographic and advanced imaging findings specific to the spine pain patient. Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Dallas Texas, March 2017
Instructor, Evidence Based Spine Care: Coordination of care and clinical documentation associated with interprofessional communication. Focus on the safety of chiropractic management of the spine pain patient and review of research related to specific phases of care, acute intervention, corrective care and health maintenance care were reviewed. Documentation and workflows related to an interprofessional team approach focusing on compliance and delivery in the modern practice environment. Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Dallas Texas, March 2017
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care 2: Utilizing Research in Trauma, The ability of your electronic health records to convey tissue pathology while documenting case studies, , field experiments, randomized trials and systematic literature reviews, Introducing evidence based macros in documentation to support the literature and necessity of care, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Setauket NY, 2016
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care 2: Chiropracitc Evidence, Analyzing segmental pathology, adjusting vs. mobilization with cervicogenic headaches, Opioid alternatives and case management of mechanical spine pain based upon outcome studies, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Setauket NY, 2016
Instructor, Spinal Biomechanics and Rehabilitation in Primary and Specialty Medical Practice, A review of current trends in spine care including anatomical vs biomechanical etiology of spine pain, opioid analgesic trends and effectiveness with a particular focus on the diagnosis and case management of spine patients from the clinical entry point to advanced surgical procedures. A particular focus was on epidemiological trends associated with neuromusculoskeletal medicine, advanced imaging techniques such as MRI, detailed review of plain film radiographs in the assessment of clinical spinal biomechanics. Specific research papers were reviewed related to Interprofessional collaboration, Interprofessional care outcomes, the natural history of spine pain in patients as well as the pain modulation effects of spinal manipulation. ACCME Joint Providership with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, St Petersburg, FL, 2016.
Co-Instructor, Spinal Biomechanics and Rehabilitation in Primary and Specialty Medical Practice, A review of current trends in spine care including anatomical vs biomechanical etiology of spine pain, opioid analgesic trends and effectiveness with a particular focus on the diagnosis and case management of spine patients from the clinical entry point to advanced surgical procedures. A particular focus was on epidemiological trends associated with neuromusculoskeletal medicine, advanced imaging techniques such as MRI, detailed review of plain film radiographs in the assessment of clinical spinal biomechanics. Specific research papers were reviewed related to Interprofessional collaboration, Interprofessional care outcomes, the natural history of spine pain in patients as well as the pain modulation effects of spinal manipulation. ACCME Joint Providership with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Reading, PA, 2016.
Instructor, Spinal Biomechanics and Rehabilitation in Primary and Specialty Medical Practice, A review of current trends in spine care including anatomical vs biomechanical etiology of spine pain, opioid analgesic trends and effectiveness with a particular focus on the diagnosis and case management of spine patients from the clinical entry point to advanced surgical procedures. A particular focus was on epidemiological trends associated with neuromusculoskeletal medicine, advanced imaging techniques such as MRI, detailed review of plain film radiographs in the assessment of clinical spinal biomechanics. Specific research papers were reviewed related to Interprofessional collaboration, Interprofessional care outcomes, the natural history of spine pain in patients as well as the pain modulation effects of spinal manipulation. ACCME Joint Providership with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Chicago, IL, 2016.
Instructor, Spinal Biomechanics and Rehabilitation in Primary and Specialty Medical Practice, A review of current trends in spine care including anatomical vs biomechanical etiology of spine pain, opioid analgesic trends and effectiveness with a particular focus on the diagnosis and case management of spine patients from the clinical entry point to advanced surgical procedures. A particular focus was on epidemiological trends associated with neuromusculoskeletal medicine, advanced imaging techniques such as MRI, detailed review of plain film radiographs in the assessment of clinical spinal biomechanics. Specific research papers were reviewed related to Interprofessional collaboration, Interprofessional care outcomes, the natural history of spine pain in patients as well as the pain modulation effects of spinal manipulation. ACCME Joint Providership with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Newark, Delaware, 2016.
Clinical Instructor, Mild Traumatic Brain Injury, Traumatic Brain Injury and Concussion, differentially diagnosing spinal issues in the trauma and non-trauma patient inclusive of spinal disc pathology utilizing x-ray, MRI, CAT Scan and clinical evaluations. Collaborative triaging protocols with neurologists, neurosurgeons, orthopedic surgeons, pain management and primary medical care providers with both mechanical and anatomical spinal pathologies, Academy of Chiropractic, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE Recognized by the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, State of West Virginia Board of Chiropractic, South Charleston WV, 2017
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care 2: Spinal Trauma Pathology, Morphology of healthy and traumatized connective tissue and the permanency implication of adhesions, spinal disc morphology in the healthy and pathological patient as sequela to trauma in relationship to bulges, herniations, protrusions, extrusions and sequestrations. Aberrant spinal biomechanics and negative sequela to trauma. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Board and the following states licensure boards: AZ, CA, CO, CT, DE, IA, ID, IL, MD, MI, MT, ND, NE, NH, NY, OR, PA, RI, SC, TX, UT, VT, WA, WV, Setauket NY, 2016
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care 2: Chiropractic Spinal Adjustment Central Nervous System Processing, Literature reviews of mechanoreceptor, proprioceptor and nociceptor stimulation of later horn grey matter with periaqueductal stimulation affecting the thalamus and cortical regions with efferent distribution in disparate regions of the body in both pain and systemic stimulation. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Board and the following states licensure boards: AZ, CA, CO, CT, DE, IA, ID, IL, MD, MI, MT, ND, NE, NH, NY, OR, PA, RI, SC, TX, UT, VT, WA, WV, Setauket NY, 2016
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care – Central Nervous System Processing of Pain and Physiology, Central neural pathways of pain and higher cortical responses to pain and the effect of high amplitude-low velocity forces on mechanoreceptors and proprioceptors. The effects of neuropeptides on the hypothalamus, pituitary and adrenal axis when treating patients. Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Melville NY, 2016
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care – Hospital and Emergency Room Care, Identifying spinal lesions inclusive of cord and root lesion through examination and advanced imaging in creating an accurate diagnosis, prognosis and treatment plan to effectively triage in collaboration and coordination with medical specialists and emergency department physicians. Differentially diagnosing and triaging disc degenerative bulges, traumatic disc bulges, protrusion herniations, extrusion herniations and fragmented herniations along with managing traumatically induced pain as sequella to degenerative disc trauma, Texas Chiropractic College, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Melville NY, 2016
Clinical Instructor, Connective Tissue Pathology and Trauma, Wound repair of axial connective tissue and the negative spinal biomechanical engineering sequella. Determining causality from an accident reconstruction perspective inclusive of transference of forces and G’s of energy realized by automobile occupants, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE approved for the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Melville NY, 2016
Instructor, Clinical Spinal Biomechanics and Rehabilitation in Primary and Specialty Medicine, UPDATED COURSE - A review of current trends in spine care including anatomical vs biomechanical etiology of spine pain, opioid analgesic trends and effectiveness with a particular focus on the diagnosis and case management of spine patients from the clinical entry point to advanced surgical procedures. A particular focus was on epidemiological trends associated with neuromusculoskeletal medicine, advanced imaging techniques such as MRI, detailed review of plain film radiographs in the assessment of clinical spinal biomechanics. Specific research papers were reviewed related to Interprofessional collaboration, Interprofessional care outcomes, the natural history of spine pain in patients as well as the pain modulation effects of spinal manipulation. ACCME Joint Providership with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Saddlebrook, NY 2016.
Instructor, Interprofessional Care in the Primary Care and Medical Specialty Environment, A review of current trends in spine care including anatomical vs biomechanical etiology of spine pain, opioid analgesic trends and effectiveness with a particular focus on the diagnosis and case management of spine patients from the clinical entry point to advanced surgical procedures. A particular focus was on epidemiological trends associated with neuromusculoskeletal medicine, advanced imaging techniques such as MRI, detailed review of plain film radiographs in the assessment of clinical spinal biomechanics. Specific research papers were reviewed related to Interprofessional collaboration, Interprofessional care outcomes, the natural history of spine pain in patients as well as the pain modulation effects of spinal manipulation. ACCME Joint Providership with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Rochester NY, 2015
MRI Spine Interpretation and Spinal Biomechanical Engineering-Primary Spine Care, Correlating spinal biomechanics secondary to trauma and MRI findings inclusive of herniation, bulging, protruded and extruded discs. Correlating co-efficient of forces translated form the bullet vehicle to the target vehicle to the occupant in determining causality of bodily injury, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE approved for the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing boards, Texas Chiropractic College, Las Vegas NV, 2015
Contemporary Literature Review of the Chiropractic Adjusting Mechanisms- Primary Spine Care, The latest scientific evidence of the effects of the chiropractic spinal adjustment on the central nervous system, both upper and lower motor neurons. A comparative analysis of chiropractic vs. other modalities and therapies, Academy of Chiropractic, PACE approved for the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing boards, Texas Chiropractic College, Las Vegas NV, 2015
Instructor, Clinical Spinal Biomechanics and Rehabilitation in Primary and Specialty Medicine, A review of current trends in spine care including anatomical vs biomechanical etiology of spine pain, opioid analgesic trends and effectiveness with a particular focus on the diagnosis and case management of spine patients from the clinical entry point to advanced surgical procedures. A particular focus was on epidemiological trends associated with neuromusculoskeletal medicine, advanced imaging techniques such as MRI, detailed review of plain film radiographs in the assessment of clinical spinal biomechanics. Specific research papers were reviewed related to Interprofessional collaboration, Interprofessional care outcomes, the natural history of spine pain in patients as well as the pain modulation effects of spinal manipulation. ACCME Joint Providership with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Saddlebrook, NY 2015.
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care, Neurophysiological central and peripheral nervous systems mechanisms of pain with integrated higher cortical functions of the thalamus, cingulate, amygdala, pre-frontal, motor and sensory cortexes. Trauma and chronic pain care effecting mechanoreceptors, nociceptors and proprioceptors through adjustive therapy based upon evidenced based care and current literature verification, Texas Chiropractic College, New York State Department of Education Board for Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Islandia NY 2015
Clinical Instructor, Primary Spine Care with Interdisciplinary Collaborative Care, Triage of patients based upon MRI findings of disc herniation, disc bulge, protrusion, extrusion or sequestrations and spinal cord or nerve root negative sequella, clinical findings of neuro-compressive pathologies and neurodiagnostic findings of EMG- NCV, SSEP, VEP, BAER, VEP and V-ENG findings. Texas Chiropractic College, New York State Department of Education Board for Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Academy of Chiropractic, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Islandia NY 2015
Documentation and Evidence in a Medical-Legal Practice, The role of scientific research conclusions with contemporary documentation to effectively support the necessity for clinically indicated care. The role of timely evaluations and re-evaluations in coordinating care inclusive of history, physical and evaluation report and concludes with the correlation of the SOAP note and HCFA that correlates the conclusion of the evolutionary findings. Coordinating research and clinical findings with primary care providers and medical specialists in the rehabilitation process inclusive of insurance requirements and contemporary MRI research nomenclature.
Academy of Chiropractic Post-Doctoral Division, Recognized by the PACE Program of the Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Boca Raton, FL, 2015
Co-Instructor, Advanced Imaging In Clinical Practice, discussion and review of MRI technical and clinical ordering parameters in Primary and Specialty Medicine. Analysis and review of spinal intervertebral disc pathology including disc bulge, disc herniation, disc protrusion, annular tear, Schmorl’s nodes and myelopathy. Particular focus on spinal stenosis, and etiology of spinal injury correlated to physical examination findings was provided. Certified by: ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Buffalo NY. Certified in, NJ, NY, MI, NC, WA, CA, IL. 2015-Present.
Clinical Consultant, Biomechanical Engineering and X-Ray Digitizing, applying spinal algorithmic variations to clinical practice in conjunction with the American Medical Association’s impairment ratings to conclude whole body impairments in creating an accurate diagnosis, prognosis and treatment plan, Spinal Analytics Inc., Weldon Springs, MO, 2014
Clinical Co-Instructor, Spinal Biomechanical Engineering, Cartesian coordinates, cervical and lumbar pathobiomechanics, biomechanics in trauma, organizational analysis in both a normal and pathological spine, cervical, lumbar and full spine digital analysis. Certified by: ACCME Joint Sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, Buffalo NY, Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, 2013-presently
Clinical Instructor, Spinal Biomechanical Engineering, Differential diagnosis of pathobiomechanics in the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine as sequella to micro and macro trauma and chronic biomechanic instabilities. Understanding the clinical implications of long term biomechanical failure in resultant disc pathology, ligament pathology and osseous pathology. Federation of Chiropractic Licensing Boards, Academy of Chiropractic Post Doctoral Division, Boca Raton, FL, 2013
Instructor, Admissibility Standards of the Medical Expert in Trauma, Documentation requirements of the courts in a medical-legal case including causality, bodily injury and persistent functional losses, ethically reporting of functional loss as it pertains to the integrity of the joint and activities of daily living and implications of chronicity, reporting of normal findings, maximum medical improvement and the release of the patient in the medical-legal arena, Federation of Chiropractic Licensure Boards, Academy of Chiropractic, American Academy of Medical-Legal Professionals, Hollywood, Florida , 2012
Instructor, Medical-Legal Research and the Documentation of Causal Relationship, Prognosis and Treatment of the Traumatically Injured, Review of current research published in peer reviewed medically indexed journals focusing on traumatic injuries and how current literature affects the diagnostic conclusion and how to formulate treatment plans. Federation of Chiropractic Licensure Boards, Academy of Chiropractic, American Academy of Medical-Legal Professionals, Hollywood, Florida, 2012
Instructor, Documentation and Triage in Trauma, ICD-9 and CPT requirements in coding for the traumatically injured including integrating electronic health records including informed consent, evaluation and management, testing orders. The utilization of research in medical reports for both the trauma and non-trauma patients.
Clinical coordination of care and reporting to healthcare and legal providers, Federation of Chiropractic Licensure Boards, Academy of Chiropractic, American Academy of Medical-Legal Professionals, Hollywood, Florida, 2012
Instructor, Advanced Imaging in Clinical Practice, Clinically correlating advanced imaging principles, ordering criteria and objective findings to physical examination, electrodiagnostic testing results. Application of clinical principles to the daily practice of family and specialty medical clinics including Attending and Resident medical providers with particular attention to traumatic etiology and subtle ominous neurological and orthopedic findings in office. Sheehan Memorial Hospital, Buffalo NY 2011
Instructor, Advanced Imaging in Clinical Practice, Clinically correlating advanced imaging principles, ordering criteria and objective findings to physical examination, electrodiagnostic testing results. Application of clinical principles to the daily practice of family and specialty medical clinics including Attending and Resident medical providers with particular attention to traumatic etiology and subtle ominous neurological and orthopedic findings in office. UB Family Medicine, Buffalo NY 2011.
Instructor, Workplace Head and Neck Pain, Clinically correlating ergonomic and workplace conditions to history, physical examination, diagnostic testing, electrodiagnostic testing and MRI findings to the cervical spine as a source of headache pain and dysfunction. Creating self care driven plans and instruction on self identification of symptoms requiring emergency medical evaluation. Neonatal Intensive Care Unit Nursing Staff, Women and Children's Hospital, Buffalo NY, 2011.
Instructor, Acute Care Guidelines of the New York State Workers Compensation Board, Clinically correlating the causal history, examination, imaging, advanced imaging, electrodiagnostic testing, prognosis and treatment plans of the injured and implementing care within the guidelines as outlined by New York State. Creating diagnosis driven metrics of care in relation to the patholophysiology of the bodily injury, New York Chiropractic Council, East Elmhurst NY, 2010
Director, MD Lecture Program, Design, management and implementation of national medical lecture programs and coordination with State University of New York at Buffalo Continuing Medical Education Department to obtain CME approval, administrating and auditing compliance with program requirements reporting of course outcomes, testing and facilitation of AMA Cat 1 Credits to medical professional participants. Academy of Chiropractic – MD Relationship Program, NY 2010
Clinical Instructor, Accident Reconstruction; Research, Causality and Bodily Injury, CMCS Post Doctoral Division, New York Chiropractic Council, New York State Department of Education, Board for Chiropractic, Long Island, NY, 2010
Clinical Instructor, Whiplash – Past, Present and Future, American Academy of Medical Legal Professionals (presenter), AACME Joint sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences and American Academy of Medical Legal Professionals, Buffalo, NY, 2009
Co-Presenter, Forensic Analysis of Medical Reports, Correlating Objective Findings to Functional Loss, Sponsoring entity, Buffalo, NY, 2008
Co-Presenter, Medical Testing Devices and Their Relationship to Bodily Injury, Sponsoring entity, Buffalo, NY, 2007
Co-presenter, Forensic Analysis of Low Speed Rear Impact Crashes, Sponsoring entity, Buffalo, NY, 2007
Co-presenter, Forensic Analysis of Herniated Discs and Correlating Court Rulings to Medical Reports, Sponsoring entity, Buffalo, NY, 2006
Studin M., Owens W. (2018) Efficacy of Chiropractic Treatment for Post-Surgical Continued Low Back and Radical Pain, American Chiropractor,40 (9) 26, 27, 30-33
Studin M., Personal Injury Collections by State: 2011 vs. 2013 vs. 2015 vs. 2017, (2018) Comparison of Collections vs. Cost of Living, American Chiropractor 40 (1) pgs. 12-14, 16
Studin M., Owens W., (2017) The Mechanism of the Chiropractic Spinal Adjustment/Manipulation: Chiropractic vs. Physical Therapy for Spine, Part 5 of 5, American Chiropractor 39 (12) pgs. 20, 22, 24, 26, 28, 30, 31
Studin M., Owens W. (2017) Chiropractic as the Solution for Mechanical Spine Failure and Failed Back Surgery, American Chiropractor, 34 (12) 24, 26, 28, 29
Owens W., Studin M., (2015) Chiropractic vs. Primary Medical Care, Who is Best and Safer for Primary Spinal Care? The American Chiropractor, 37 (3) 24, 26, 28, 30
Studin, M, Owens, W, (2015) Chiropractic First, Chiropractor as the Primary Spine Care Provider for Spine, The American Chiropractor, 37 (2) 24, 26, 28, 30
Studin, M, Owens W (2012 July) Chiropractic: A Solution to Preventing Recurrence of Low Back Pain and Disability for both Non-complicated and Complex Diagnosis in Acute and Chronic Care, The American Chiropractor 34 (7) 46-48
Owens, W. (2012). Working with the Medical Community Without Losing Our Identity. American Chiropractor, 34(6), 38.
Owens, W.J. (2011) Practice Statistics and the MD Report of Findings, Demonstrating external vs. internal practice statistics and how to properly report chiropractic principles and findings to the medical community in a series of steps designed to build a secure and mutually respectful long term relationship with the MD, The American Chiropractor, 31 (3), 47-48.
Owens, W.J. (2010) MD Referrals – the time is now 15 years ago, The American Chiropractor, what two common mistakes when corrected will lead to positive long term relationships with the medial community. 30(10) 13-14.
Studin, M. (2010, October). Getting Paid on Insurance is Easy; Keeping Your Money is Another Issue, The American Chiropractor, 32(10) 26
Studin, M. (2010, September). Workers Compensation and Chiropractic; A solution for skyrocketing healthcare costs in America, Dynamic Chiropractor, 28(19) 1, 18-19, 25
Owens, W. J., & Studin, M. (2010, June). Work injuries, full recovery and chiropractic care, Resolving the myth that doing nothing is better. US Chiropractic Directory, Retrieved from http://uschirodirectory.com/index.php/ patient-information/item/ 241-work-injuries-full-recovery-and-chiropractic-care-resolving-the-myth-that-doing- nothing-is-better
Owens, W. J. (2009-present). Bi-monthly educational research review [Review of the most current research in the medical-legal profession provided to professionals at a national level, twice per month].
Owens, W.J. (2009). Permanency issues and ligament/tendon injuries, The biology of soft tissue injury and permanent functional impairment. The American Chiropractor, 31(4), 10-12.
etiology, diagnosis and socioeconomic impact of Whiplash Syndrome by reviewing major clinical studies from peer-reviewed Medline indexed manuscripts utilizing a database starting in 1953. This 56 year history will offer a unique glimpse into this disorder and how it has evolved both clinically and academically. This is an exploratory journey through history offering the participant a review of the significant scientific literature. This course will meet the needs of anyone practicing in the primary care, medical specialty or medical-legal arena who interview, examine and treat patients who have sustained traumatic injuries to the cervical spine. American Academy of Medical Legal Professionals (presenter), AACME Joint sponsorship with the State University of New York at Buffalo, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences and American Academy of Medical Legal Professionals, Buffalo, NY, 2009
Owens, W.J. (2008). Increased injury to vertebrae adjacent to fused segments. The American Chiropractor, 30(12), 14-15.
This course will enhance your knowledge and understanding on climate change in the country’s agriculture and fisheries. It comprises two modules that discusses the general concept of climate change and some related topics as well as some climate change adaptation and mitigation measures and tools for agri-fisheries.
This is a course on the production and market potential of mokusaku or wood vinegar. It is a viable input for organic agriculture.
Organic fertilizers have been known to improve the biodiversity and long-term productivity of soil; also it has been a good alternative for the high-cost commercially-based fertilizers. According to Fertilizer and Pesticide Authority (FPA) the demand for organic fertilizer has been on a steady rise since 2004. This course will tackle the step by step procedures of making organic fertilizer such as Fermented Plant Juice (FPJ), Fermented Fruit Juice (FFJ), Fish Amino Acid (FAA) and Tea Manure.
This online course is developed by Philippine Council for Agriculture, Forestry and Natural Resources Research and Development (PCARRD) and the Agricultural Training Institute-Central Office (ATI-CO)
This course will provide the learners with the basic knowledge needed to engage in vermicomposting or at the very least use vermicompost in their crops. It is designed primarily for farmers and members of their family so that they will be able to utilize farm wastes and animal manure which are readily available in their farms and use it in vermicomposting. This course is also designed for Agricultural extension Workers so that they will have the necessary knowledge to equip them in assisting farmers who wish to engage in vermicomposting. Success stories of individual persons and communities were included to support the viability of the technology.
The course is developed by ATI-RTC 10 in coordination with its Subject Matter Specialist, Dr. Gerson F. Salvan, the City Agriculturist of Valencia City, Bukidnon.
This course focuses on how to produce organic rice through rice-duck integrated farming system. It will guide you on how to produce organic rice in combination with ducks in the field to control weeds and pests.
This course gives an overview on the Alternative Pest Management (APM) for those who are starting and learning the SA farming practices. Parts of the lessons of this two-module course are the overview on pest that focuses on insects and the practices in APM that will help the learner understand that in SA farming farmers can do his or her share in protecting the environment while reducing his production costs. This is a non-certificate course that can be downloaded to your tablet and viewed offline (without Internet connection).
This is developed by the Sustainable Agriculture (SA) Center of Xavier University based in Cagayan de Oro City.
Bahiaxenos relictus is the sole member of the family Bahiaxenidae, a type of winged insect. It was only discovered and described in 2009 from relictual sand dunes associated with the Rio São Francisco in Bahia, Brazil. It is considered to be the most basal living member of the order Strepsiptera, and therefore is the sister taxon to the remaining extant species. It is known from only a single male specimen, and its biology is unknown.
This species is known with certainty only from West Sumatra Province in Indonesia on the mainland of Sumatra. Specimens from Pagai, Siberut, Pini and Tanah Masa, in the Mentawai Islands, might belong to this species (and these records have been mapped in this assessment), but this has not yet been confirmed (Iskandar pers. comm.). Recent records from the mainland are from 500-600m asl.
Back on the Market..... The Inspection and Appraisal on 3010 Coal Creek Street Were Successfully Completed. The Previous Buyer was Unable to Close the Sale of Their Present Home. This One Sparkles and Shines..... Ms. Clean Lived Here. A Nearly 3,500 Square Foot two story plus basement. Quiet interior site with many 25+ ft trees. A Five acre site gently slopping to the west looking into 200+ acres of open space. Wrap around porch looking west to Stunning Colorado Sunsets. Enjoy music inside and out with hard wired sound system. Massive his & hers Master Bedroom closets. New roofing and exterior paint August 2016. Relax on large stone patio with custom BBQ With Dedicated Gas Line. Dog Run With Concrete Slab. Spacious Circular Concrete Driveway With Plenty of Free Parking. Paved Roads, Dedicated Natural Gas Line. Eight Minutes to King Soopers. A Pleasure to Show. This Home Has Been Winterized.... Please DO NOT USE the SINKS or TOILETS.
From County line & Powhaton go East on County Line 4 miles to Coal Creek Street then South to property.
Very knowledgable. Dr. Mathew listened to all of my concerns, fantastic bedside manner. My entire family has since seen him. Thank you Dr. Mathew!
2 COSMETIC & PROTECTION Sun damage is a from of extrinsic aging, which is early aging that is caused by the surroundings. Extrinsic aging is collective which means that its effects exacerbate with repeated, unprotected contact to the sun. Protect yourself against daily sun damage by applying sun protection prior to being in direct or indirect contact with the sun s rays. BIOSTRATA Cosmetic & Protection products offer protection from the sun in the various forms for your convenience. FOUNDATION MOUSSE 50GM This unique new formulation combines both make up and skin care effect in one. As well as providing UV filtering properties it is suitable for all skin types, especially those with sensitive and/or acne-prone skin. With the advantages of both a makeup and skin care product, it evens out skin tone, camouflages under eye circles, acne scars and adds radiance to the skin without the heavy mask-like effects of a foundation. Prolonged used of the product will also help improve the overall texture of the skin and fade acne scars while providing protective care. DIRECTIONS Apply a sufficient amount to the whole face after sun block. Cleanse with Mild Cleansing Water / Two Phase Makeup Remover for thorough cleansing. UV & SEBUM REGULATING POWDER 12GM Biostrata UV protector powder provides a long-lasting, natural and smooth finishing effect through its ultra fine powder base while providing protection from the environmental UV factors. It provides superior wear ability because of its sebum regulation effects and is highly resistant to sweat and water. It also contains hydrating ingredients to prevent dry skin, giving skin a moist, natural and long-lasting finish. DIRECTIONS Apply sparing over clean face after the application of make up, with a brush applicator. MICRONIZED TITANIUM DIOXIDE UV absorber ALLYL METHACRYLATES CROSSPOLYMER regulates and absorb sebum to prevent oily build up on skin surface. Mattifying skin tone. IRON OXIDE provides color, UV filter ZINC STEARATE water repellent, UV filter 41
4 COSMETIC CLEANSER / EYE CARE TWO PHASE MAKEUP REMOVER 150M A unique two-phase, non-oily liquid facial makeup remover that cleanses off even the most resistant makeup including waterproof and long-wearing makeup, leaving the skin perfectly free of makeup and never greasy. DIRECTIONS Shake bottle before use to mix the cleansing phase and the water phase together. Soak a cotton wool with the make up remover. Hold the cotton wool against the make up area for a moment and then lightly wipe off your waterproof makeup. MILD CLEANSING WATER 150ML A mild, water-based cleanser that effectively removes dirt, oil and make up for healthy, radiant skin. Suitable for sensitive skin. DIRECTIONS Pump a sufficient amount of cleansing water onto cotton wool and apply to face and neck. Rinse with water and pat dry. 43
5 BioStrata EYE GEL & MOISTURIZING CREAM 3% contains patented active ingredients including Eyeliss & MDI Complex : Eyeliss based on peptide technology which reduces the appearance of chronic bags under the eyes. A recent study showed Eyeliss significantly reduced the height of the bag in 65% of panelists after only 28 days. MDI Complex an active ingredient that inhibits the matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) enzymes that degrade and destroy the skin s collagen network. With daily environmental stress and UVA/UVB exposure, the activity of these enzymes increases, affecting the health of our extra-cellular matrix. MDI Complex is clinically effective in reducing the appearance of facial spider veins, rosacea and protect against induced skin irritation. EYE GEL 15ML A skin firming, regenerative gel that encourages healthy blood circulation and prevents under-eye dark circle and eye bags DIRECTIONS Apply to the eye area with the ring finger, tapping in gently until fully absorbed. This product is suitable for both morning and night use. PALMITOYL PENTAPEPTIDE-3 peptide which increases collagen formation, and smoothens wrinkles EYELISS reduces the appearance of chronic bags under the eyes MDI COMPLEX clinically effective in reducing the appearance of facial spider veins, rosacea and protect against induced skin irritation MOISTURIZING CREAM 3% 15ML Gentle and rich in nutrients and fruit acids, this cream formulation helps in the reduction of under-eye puffiness, fine lines and wrinkles by light exfoliation. DIRECTIONS Apply to the eye area with the ring finger, tapping in gently until fully absorbed. This product is suitable for both morning and night use. TOCOPHERYL ACETATE (VITAMIN E) an effective antioxidant with healing and rejuvenating benefits that help prevent cell damage by neutralizing free-radicals. Prevents oily build up on skin surface and mattifies skin tone RETINYL ACETATE (VITAMIN A) a powerful anti-oxidant and freeradical scavenger, rejuvenates, smoothes GLYCOLIC ACID to exfoliate, refine and clear skin EYELISS reduces the appearance of chronic bags under the eyes MDI COMPLEX clinically effective in reducing the appearance of facial spider veins, rosacea and protect against induced skin irritation 44
6 VIVID GOLD 15ML A ultra-luxe special care gel with 24 carat gold to help revitalize dull, lack-lustre complexions. Suitable for all skin types, especially dry, mature skin. NON- COMEDOGENIC Research has revealed that gold not only has antibacterial properties, but transports oxygen molecules directly into the skin, influencing cellular functions to help revitalize and rejuvenate the skin. Gold also helps stimulate lymphatic drainage and blood circulation, thus facilitating the removal of toxins and wastes and purifying the skin. Pure gold also reverses oxidation damage, making the skin more firm, resilient and youthful. DIRECTIONS Squeeze sufficient amount on fingertip, apply to desire area until adsorbed. 24K GOLD FLAKES A molecular film system that delivers actives deep into the epidermis for ultra-effective results GLYCERIN humectant, attracts & holds moisture, an emulsifier DIPOTASSIUM GLYCYRRHIZINATE anti-irritant, anti-inflammatory properties MDI COMPLEX clinically effective in reducing the appearance of facial spider veins, rosacea and protect against induced skin irritation 45
SHAW ACADEMY NOTES Diploma in Beauty Diploma in Beauty Part 1 Lesson 1 Optimize Skincare for your Skin Type Beauty means something different to everyone and you ll find that everyone has different tastes
Skin Care Regimens Objectives Upon completion of the Skin Care Workshop, you will be able to: Recommend the appropriate product line for your customers needs Share characteristics of each Mary Kay product
The expert in aesthetic dermatology cosmeceutical care The expert in aesthetic dermatology ESSENTIAL ACTIONS Dermaceutic Laboratoire is the partner of choice for over 30,000 aesthetic dermatology specialists
Partners in advancing the commitment to healthy, beautiful skin Skin Care Catalog WHY TOPIX? Partners in advancing the commitment to healthy, beautiful skin For over 30 years, Topix Pharmaceuticals Inc.
REDEFINE. Bright Eye Complex: Improves the appearance of stubborn dark circles and under-eye puffiness.
REDEFINE This comprehensive skincare regimen is for the appearance of lines, pores, and loss of firmness. Redefine Daily Cleansing Mask Creamy, kaolin clay-based cleansing wash/mask draws out impurities
Healthy Skin Solutions as Unique as You is Zein Obagi, MD ZO Skin Health, Inc. is the only resource for comprehensive therapeutic and aesthetic skincare solutions. Based on more than 35 years of proven
Targets advanced signs of aging. Immediately increases moisture. Skin appears tighter. Softens lines, wrinkles and crepiness
Volu-Firm Targets advanced signs of aging $70.00 Lifting Serum Immediately increases moisture Before Day/Night Solution Skin appears tighter Softens lines, wrinkles and crepiness on neck Designed to influence
Product Information Bringing new life to your skin naturally Natural New Zealand BeeBio Anti-Aging Skincare is proudly New Zealand owned and made, with our ingredients sourced from within New Zealand.
Mask Recipes IMPORTANT NOTE: Please refer to the User Manual for specific instructions. The MasKerade Duet may be used only with liquid forms of fruits or vegetables, juices, viscous liquids such as yogurt
daily care solutions The Pigment Control Solution This comprehensive product collection contains a combination of brightening, exfoliating and calming ingredients to gently inhibit the melanogenesis process
Facial Treatments All treatments provided will include consultation, skin analysis and home regimen recommendations. All treatments can be customized to meet each individual area of concerns. Membership
TIMEWISE Miracle Set This premium collection of age-fighting products delivers 11 benefits you need for younger-looking skin. This set is a miracle!! STEP ONE: 3-IN-1 CLEANSER Apply half of the cleanser
Feel good. Look incredible. Nature holds the blueprint for awakening your vitality and youth. Isagenix, the leading-edge provider of natural nutritional solutions for a healthier lifestyle, introduces
REDEFINE This comprehensive skincare regimen is for the appearance of lines, pores, and loss of firmness. ($149 Consultant / $179 Preferred Customer / $199 Retail) Redefine Daily Cleansing Mask Creamy,
7:00 a.m. Wake up, shower, start the coffee pot 7:15 a.m. Cleanse and invigorate with Lumière de Vie Facial Cleanser 7:16 a.m. Balance and tone skin with Lumière de Vie Toner 7:18 a.m. Soften dark spots
Our skin is the mirror that reveals the status of our physical and mental well being. ~Dr. Christine Rodgers
Our skin is the mirror that reveals the status of our physical and mental well being. ~Dr. Christine Rodgers As a plastic surgeon for over 20 years, I have had the pleasure of meeting many inspirational
TERMINOLGY CHEAT SHEET Meant to give you a quick snapshot of each product featured at the spa party. Memorize the snapshot for each product, then you
TERMINOLGY CHEAT SHEET Meant to give you a quick snapshot of each product featured at the spa party. Memorize the snapshot for each product, then you can expand your knowledge of each product over time.
REPAGEN EXCLUSIVE Facial expressions, free radicals, dehydration, genetic predisposition and a number of other factors cause the skin to lose its fresh look and elasticity over time. Most skin care products
Luxury Collection For daily use RenuDerma has developed combination of products which work in synergy and give your skin most benefits. We will walk you through simple daily steps to learn how to achieve
ANTI - AGEING ARTISTRY Youth Xtend Youth Xtend Rich Cleansing Foam A rich foaming cleanser that effectively sweeps away all traces of makeup and impurities, leaving skin soft and hydrated. Contains skin-conditioning
Probiotic Revitalizing Cleanser This revitalizing, sulfate-free and anti-aging cleanser helps: effectively remove surface impurities including dirt, makeup and excess oil soothe the appearance of redness
Support Products - Additives 1 / 17 Eye Treatment 15ml A unique rejuvenating blend of ingredients, based on DMAE, Peptides and Vitamin A, C and E Esters, Benefits Anti-ageing benefits helps to revitalise
BCL philosophy... At Bio Creative Labs, our mission is to create beauty products that support our defining precept of Be, Care, Love. To us, Be, Care, Love is a lifestyle, a mantra, and a state of being.
for the most demanding NATURAL COLLAGEN AMBER COLLAGEN Profesional skin care AMBER COLLAGEN Dear Customers, BEST-LIFE BIOTECHNOLOGY is a company which manufactures a professional line of collagen cosmetics
EXCEL THERAPY O2 INTELLIGENT SKINCARE EXCEL THERAPY O2 Protect your Skin against Ageing The skin is exposed to thousands of external aggressions, such as pollution, UV rays, lack of sleep, etc. Free radicals
Sun Care Skin Care ELTAMD IS COMMITTED TO HELPING YOU HAVE GREAT SKIN FOR LIFE. EltaMD product development expertise is based on our medical heritage. Our company has developed wound healing and skin care
Key Ingredients Glycolic Acid: A chemical exfoliant which enhances epidermal shedding and increases cell turnover by dissolving the intercellular cement that bonds the dead skin cells to the surface of
What s Your Skin Type? distributor Skin types include normal, oily, dry, and sensitive. Some people also have a combination. Skin types have both intrinsic and extrinsic contributing factors. Your skin
C O L L E C T I O N Frequently Asked Questions What is beta-glucan, the main ingredient of the series? It is a unique, natural polysaccharide, which exhibits very strong moiturising, regenerating and anti-wrinkle
Cherry Blossom/Cheesecake Facial Protocol When I think of cherry blossoms, I think of spring. Spring brings new flowers with the anticipation of juicy fruit to follow. Fruit not only provides our body
new! 3-part system Mannatech s skincare technologies are based on some of the finest natural ingredients in the world. High-quality, plant-based ingredients have been selected to provide unique moisturizing
39 MOISTURE CREAMS Nectarine's Moisture s are rich, concentrated emulsion formulas. Their thick consistency makes them ideal for specific areas such as the face, hands and delicate eye area. Our Moisture
Milk & Honey A r o m a t h e r a p y E l i x i r Create an alluring aromatherapy environment. Spray on dry or damp towels that are either heated or refrigerated for a verity of applications. Use on linens,
milk cleansers ACTIVE CLEANSER For Combination and Oily Skin Active Cleanser is specially formulated to treat combination to oily skin. Active cleanser nourishes, soothes & maximizes skin PH balance while
Broad Spectrum Sunscreens. Our broad spectrum sunscreens decrease the risk of early skin aging caused by the sun and provide daily moisturization.
Firm and Lift Facial. Targets sagging and aging skin. Preparation. Pre-Cleanse. SkinReading. Treatment Time: 1 hour
Treatment Time: 1 hour W B = white scoop = 1 /3 teaspoon = blue scoop = 1 teaspoon = Bioelements Signature Techniques. These are optional. = Perform with steam. = DO NOT perform with steam. Firm and Lift
THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY WEXNER MEDICAL CENTER Department of Plastic Surgery Rejuvenating Spa Treatments The Department of Plastic Surgery at Ohio State Wexner Medical Center offers a wide range of rejuvenating
Cleansers & Toners Lemon Grass Cleanser (1.7 oz) Comforting and hydrating cleanser with mild lemon grass and coconut oils to carefully restore dehydrated, irritated and sensitive skin Stone Crop Gel Wash
HAIR AND SCALP HEALTH Maintaining a healthy head of hair is key to preventing scalp irritation and premature hair loss. One culprit of premature hair loss is 5-Alpha Reductase, a natural enzyme that can
ZRIINEW GENERAL FAQ S What makes ZriiNew skin care products different than other skin care products? ZriiNew skincare products are designed to enhance your skin s youthful appearance and natural beauty
Clear Proof Acne System What You Should Know About Clear Proof Acne System: What products are in the regimen. What is the regimen Power Statement. What results did people see. What did people have to say
Laser Hair Removal At MediGlow we use one of the worlds most advanced Lumenis Quantum laser to remove unwanted hair. It s a fast, safe treatment utilising the latest technology to achieve permanent hair
CHEMICAL PEEL ESSENTIALS Chemical peels administer alpha and beta hydroxy acids in a controlled solution to exfoliate skin and diminish acne or signs of aging such as discoloration and fine lines. $259
SHAW ACADEMY NOTES Diploma in Beauty Lesson 8 Makeup Finishing Touches with Tips & Tricks Different Types of Makeup Categories Day Makeup - created with the use of neutral colours to enhance the person
Start looking younger today NLINE P NLINE P Fight nature with nature Getting older is inevitable. Looking older is not. Don t just sit back and wait for time to take its course. Defy it. Defy Biotopical
your skin Collagen is a critical part of the structure of the dermis, and gives our skin its plumpness.
fact sheet your skin Skin is the largest organ of the body and acts as a natural waterproof, insulation protecting us from damaging sunlight and other elements that cause accelerated ageing. As we age,
Yeovil College Hair & Beauty Salon Price List Welcome to Nexus Hair and Beauty Salon The Nexus Hair and Beauty Salon at Yeovil College campus offer a wide variety of hair and beauty treatments to suit
NHP is the new concept of haircare that considers nature its fundamental principle. NHP ingredients are organic certified and not treated with toxic substances or chemical processes, so the scalp is protected,
By Carol and Rob Trow Skin care professionals and consumers alike are bombarded daily with a myriad of information about skin care, skin science and skin health from the media, manufacturers and an ever-increasing
The goodness of botanicals. It s what your skin craves. Available in: Dry Normal Oily Just the Facts this is the good stuff! Personalized botanicals deliver holistic benefits by skin type. Leaves dry,
32pgpamphlet.9.08:24pgpamphlet.07 9/29/08 3:21 PM Page 1 Colores Colorescience enhances your skin tone while allowing your natural radiance to shine through. The colore saturation of these minerals is
SHAW ACADEMY NOTES Diploma in Beauty Lesson 7 Makeup Finishing Touches with Tips & Tricks Highlighting & Contouring Available in an array of product types from powders to creams and varying in intensity.
RENEW FORMULA PHOTO AGING RENEW FORMULA PHOTO AGING The skin aging process is one of the main subjects studied by dermatology researchers and this includes photo aging processes and damage. Photo aging
Environ Facials Environ was formed by renowned plastic surgeon Dr Des Fernandes. The main aim of the product is to correct any chronic deficiency of vitamin A, anti-oxidants and essential nutrients that
YOUTH EssentiA The Youth EssentiA Range uses science to push the boundaries of youthful-looking beauty by enriching skin with a highly effective combination of vitamin A, antioxidants and peptides. Copyright
1 2 3You have the 4 simple steps to help treat and prevent acne Acne affects most teenagers, however, the condition is not restricted to any age group. Although there is no cure, acne blemishes can be
DECLÉOR FACIAL TREATMENTS Using products from this acclaimed French beauty brand, our facials are carefully targeted to the exact needs of your skin. The results are a fresh, invigorated, youthful glow.
Slide 1 Discovering Sei Bella Presentation Notes Discovers Sei Bella s approach to beauty with skin care, color cosmetics, and hair care. Slide 2 Sei Bella, translated from Italian, means you are beautiful.
johammond.co.uk ABOUT US We specialise in advanced skin treatments and beauty therapy individually tailored to suit changing clients needs. Jo is highly qualified with more than 30 years in the beauty
Cleanse. Velocity Facial Cleanser. TimeWise. 3-In-1 Cleansing Bar. Best for normal to oily skin. Creamy liquid. liquid. with exfoliating beads.
Hello everyone, this is kinky cam girl Pahollyax here. I'm 24 year old Female speak English and French in the fetish live sex chat action. am a very friendly, want to talk about great things and experience a new way to have sex. i`m a funny giril. dance is my expertise and also what I will do in private fetish live sex show. I have Green eyes, Short Black hairs and my measurements are 34-28-32. For Turn ons: a hard cocks. For TurnsOff: none. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my fetish live sex chat room! :)
The race for the 2016 GOP Presidential nomination is beginning to look like a contest to determine which candidate can most thoroughly alienate Hispanic voters. With Donald Trump having declared that illegal immigrants from Mexico are all drug dealers, murderers, and rapists, you would think there’s not much room left for any further outrage.
But you would be wrong, and the latest GOP contender to plant his foot firmly in his mouth is former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum.
During an appearance on the CBS show “Face the Nation” Sunday, Santorum said he disagreed with Trump, but then added:
“The vast majority of people coming legally from Mexico and other places are people who want to do the right thing. People who are coming illegally obviously are coming with a bad intent. Let’s just be honest, they’re coming with the clear intent of breaking the law.”
Santorum just contradicted himself in the span of five seconds. That may be a new record, even for a politician.
“I don’t think we can sugarcoat that, but that doesn’t mean everyone who’s coming across is a rapist or a murderer or anything else. But they are breaking the law, and I think Donald points to a very important thing, which is, we have a serious problem of illegal immigration in this country that is undermining American workers.”
So not rapists and murderers, but still criminals with bad intent. Well, that certainly places Santorum light years away from Trump, wouldn’t you say?
Near the end of the interview, Santorum once again reiterated that he disagreed with the Donald, but then managed to say that he also agreed with him:
“While I don’t like the verbiage he’s used. I like the fact that he’s focused on a very important issue for American workers, and particularly legal immigrants.”
So had Donald Trump used less inflammatory, more diplomatic language, what he said would be copacetic, Rick? Hey, I know you were full of crap, but I had no idea you were this loaded down with hate.
Every immigrant, legal or otherwise is offended by the GOPs Hatred .. Remember, a lot of us married Immigrants, and we VOTE…..
Follow in the footsteps of Mason and his family through the years in Richard Linklater's Texas-shot, Oscar-nominated film.
Keep an eye out for these sites, ranging from creepy to educational and just plain weird, during those summer road trips.
Holy Spirit Monastery, with its 102-year-old father and tradition of hospitality, is a serene spot for reflection this time of year.
Take home buckets of blooms and zipline through the fields at one of the most anticipated outdoor events in Georgia next weekend.
As we know, our Villain's provide us with alot of Roleplaying fun, through various insidious schemes and plans of world domination!
So we intend to provide an award, first step... Putting a Villain forward as a "Candidate" with a little information so we may review just how evil they are and if they are worthy of that top spot.
So post here with your candidates and after a week or so we will create a voting poll for people to vote on who they feel is the most evil of the evil, and 2nd and 3rd place will get an honorable mention.
I am "Hoping" this may be included as an article in the scarlet, shall have to coordinate with Webbles on that, but if not it will exist purely in the forum.
Bavragor (ooc name ploppy) a former dwarfen councilor,known for instigating hate against warlocks, mage's and any who use magics, Known to use his (former) councilor power to have innocent people sentenced for crimes they ether did not commit or forced to committing, and framing others (eg tyring to make the azura flame exiled from alliance by claiming an attempted assasination that was false)
I nominate you, Zackarus Xaviour aka the anti-social rider. Reasons being, ofcourse his anti social behaviour wich almost goes against the Councillors handbook of Yore. Also his evil laugh he does kinda gives away he is evil.. And he is never satisfied with accomplisments, he kinda takes the Ambition tenet too serious. Also whenever I fucked up IC with Elgus, my char is scared to apoligise (comparible with Imperial officers and Darth vader) and hopes he doesn't get death gripped His constant gauntlet "clenching" is pretty intimidating aswell.
Sadly Coppersocket you can not put your self forward as a candidate, someone else must vouch for your evilness.
I vouch for Coppersocket. Few gnomes can only come close to the evils which Cppersocker has accomplished over the years.
Talk with people of the community and forum and I promise you that most people will know/have an opinion about Coppersockert, apart from the rest of the nomenees. Villians are suppose to stirr things up, make people feel and be a good reason for "the heroes" to step up against them. Being a villian is not about the evil laugh or menecing gaze. They are to either break the order or use the otder to their advantage. And from what I have tead here its pretty much Copper who only qualify.
Haven't seen Coppersocket for a good while now, whats the lass up to these days? I'd love to see him/her do something again.
"The human species are all unified under one glorious rule, unspoken, short and sweet.. Don't be a Dick."
The Legion warlock monologue.. Who both enjoys causeing suffering and dramatic theatre like introductions,
He in the last two encounters we've had with him has managed to nearly summon an army of the Legion, and also kidnapped Sebastian Hutchins and attempted to use both physical and mental torcher to try and brake him turning him into a monster and make him think his wife as an enemy. That guy even when Sebastian thought he'd come to the worsed of the horror during his capture, used illusionists to make him endure watching his "wife " be brutaly torchered when he refused to break
Then when azapha and Charlie appear to attempt to save Sebastian, we find monologue at the top of a tower, who allows azapha to see the monster they had created of her husband and uses him as a way to try and provok fear and horror as a weapon against us
Azapha wrote: The Legion warlock monologue.. Who both enjoys causeing suffering and dramatic theatre like introductions,
Right going to give this until monday, then creating the poll with the names listed for voting (Which will stay up for a week) then tally the results for our winner!
Littlepip wrote: Haven't seen Coppersocket for a good while now, whats the lass up to these days? I'd love to see him/her do something again.
Three, Mineral is the head of Cogshield. As such, she's mainly out making sure the daily life of being a part of the Horde is as miserable as she can make it.
I didn't vouch for myself for strictly RP reasons, but for how the vocal group of the RP community seem to observe me.
But if we are to look further into it, villains don't need to be people who are "evil" within their own faction. How one treats the other can be just as "evil".
The bloody path that Cogshield has sown, particularly a few months a go- truly puts Cogshield in one of the best positions to be set as the most "evil". This is also further noted towards when one observes the complete difference in attitude when there has been WPVP, where members of Cogshield has physically and vocally provoked the Horde in the simple, yet incredibly self-destructive desire for combat.
Maybe not for strictly RP reasons, but you wanted the best RP villains this year. I say Cogshield has been the best villains to Roleplayers this year.
Regardless of whether or not Mineral/Siegmund can be called villains, neither of you have really been active IC this year. Thus, I don't think Villain of the Year suits either of them.
I assumed the competition was about whose character has been most nefarious IC, not who has upset the most people OOC.
And you're the one to decide if the members of Cogshield are allowed to take their PVP shenanigans OOC or IC then, Webbles?
The beauty and the "curse" of roleplaying, is that you're allowed to freely choose whenever you want to roleplay (and how you want to roleplay), and nobody can truly say they're wrong in doing so. They may disagree with choices of people, but they cannot deny them the option of choice to do what they desire.
Is it to late for nominating, because Lady Azapha is a crazy "bitch"(pun intended), who may or may not also be a dreadlord...
All duelists to be registered before the event, so the organisers are able to prepare a tournament table so we can easily see who’s fighting who.
Only crafting skills allowed are those that can be used in arena (aka. Rocket boots, grenades and turrets are not allowed. Synapse springs and trinkets, are).
If no clear winner is apparent, three judges will name the winner of each duel having marked competitors on Aggression, Control and Style.
It should be noted that all of our characters aren’t gods. Armour will only protect you so much, and you will not be able to dodge that many attacks when someone is hacking at you with a sword half a metre away. Please be sensible.
Due to the fact that these duels will be based on people's imagination and interpretations of the fight, no prize money will be awarded. Sorry
Well, circumstances dictate that the Melee is postponed until AFTER the Gathering on Thursday. Or during, if things get heated
With Moon in seductive Scorpio, we allow our softer side to gently rise to the surface.. and just long enough to stir temptations, as we pull back within ourselves. There is no need to try too hard, if we are clever enough to warp energy, in order to attract what we desire. It was worth waiting for, as we satisfy ourselves as Luna square nervous Mercury, and trine sweet Venus this morning. With the Leo New Moon, we’re polishing to shine, while the Sun in Virgo helps us to tend to ourselves in more productive ways, by organizing our life.
Energized Mars pushes his way out from Libra (relationships), and enters the intense depths of Scorpio (transformations). For the next six weeks, what we have secretly been yearning to create, is manipulated and molded. Mars helps us to move whatever is in our way, and in Scorpio, it is silent and deadly. What we want to ignite and/or bring to life, requires a sacrifice as we push through the darkness, so choose steps carefully. Mars feels quite at home in Scorpio, so our inner strength and devious self will be comfortable in the shadows. Acts of revenge, letting go, and creating endings are noticeably more entertained under this transit. This is how we finally move past suffering, to become empowered and renewed. ‘The ocean is flowing in our veins and it’s the salt that’s in our tears.’ Anastasio-Marshall. Tarot insight [NineWandsrx/NineCupsrx] Acknowledge your failure.
As an old soul with a wild child heart; I wander onto roads less traveled, with the cosmos, nature & the divine as backseat companions. I'm a mystic, intuitive reader, spiritual advisor, life consultant & CEO; inspired to increase awareness and connection, while raising hearts.
[…] slippery is happening, so the dark shades should really come off. And to add to the confusion, Mars is in the shadowy realm of Scorpio as of yesterday. Take a good look around, and ask yourself if this is the world that you see, or […]
As an old soul with a wild child heart; I wander onto roads less traveled, with the cosmos, nature & the divine as backseat companions. I'm a mystic, intuitive reader, spiritual advisor, life consultant & CEO; inspired to increase awareness and connection, while raising hearts. Read More…
Hello there friends. It’s been an active November with Uranus (awakenings, change, evolution) retrograde shifting from steady Taurus back on November 6, re-entering pioneering Aries for the rest of the year. Unexpected changes, breakdowns and possible breakthroughs are bound to occur in the areas where we thought we were strong, stable and comfortably settled. After a year of […]
Starcana Tarotscopes is a monthly ‘one tarot card’ horoscope. I share some basic guidance with a general tarot message – per each individual sun sign. For insight that is more personalized and detailed, I’m available for a ‘one-on-one’ private consultation & birthday readings. Or try my ‘three card’ tarot spread for something a little more advanced: Read your Ascendant/Rising […]
Hi friends! We’re still being led into an overwhelming amount of darkness as powerful Sun leaves harmonizing Libra on Tuesday, October 23, to join Mercury, Venus and Jupiter in the transformative realm of Scorpio. During the next four weeks, some of us will be quite fixed and comfortable in the darkness with our ‘big’ little […]
There’s an intense need for balance this week, under the karmic Libra New Moon on Monday October 8. With a craving for fairness and making things right, we’ll feel encouraged to start a new beginning, a start-up project or perhaps create a fresh approach to an unresolved situation. As an inner restlessness occurs, imagination will […]
All at once, it’s summer in Maine. The weather is (for the most part) gorgeous. Schedules have changed, wedding and anniversary season is upon us, and the coaching course I’m in is wrapping up. As I write this, I’m also in the midst of getting ready to facilitate a wedding for some friends this afternoon, a workshop I organized is happening tomorrow, and I’m getting ready for a trip on Wednesday. Busy summer season has begun! And seemingly all at once…
Here are some links for you to enjoy, in the hammock or by the water, or when you finally collapse into bed after a delightful weekend day full of fun. Enjoy!
What’s up with creative people hating their own work? This article asks “What happens when persistence gets curdled by perfectionism?”
I may have shared this article before – it’s one of my recent Kind Over Matter posts – but I’m so immersed in this work right now, I just had to send it around again.
Posted in spirituality, Starcat's favorites, unschooling	Tagged self-love, spirituality, Starcat's Favorites, unschooling	permalink
I'm an eternal fae being exploring love, creativity and magick on the Earth plane. I am a writer, a priestess, a Mom, and a book midwife. My passions include reading, writing, yoga, crafting, meditation, dancing, and working on my business, Feline Dreamers. My family and I enjoy our cozy home in southern Maine.
You are part of The Heart of the Goddess, and you can learn to fully embody the qualities of the Feminine Divine in your daily life. We are the role models, teachers, wise women and men, those who will midwife the expansion of human consciousness. The Heart of the Goddess is a guidebook, a treasure map which will guide you to self-healing of old wounds and uplifting yourself and all your communities by being you fully.
In her third book, Nikki Starcat Shields offers a clear, simple method for designing a spiritual practice that fits into your lifestyle. In order for it to become an essential part of your life, your daily practice needs to be tailored to your unique desires and circumstances.
"Once I finished it, I was excited to go back and read it again, more slowly so that I could truly absorb all of the amazing wisdom and start putting the concepts and ideas into practice." - D. Ford (USA)
"I couldn't simply skim the surface, I had to delve in, read slowly, and give each chapter time to digest and manifest. She's not preachy or complicated; to the contrary her wording is simple and clear..." - K. Alley (USA)
"The author is clear and concise, and the writing is from the heart. A great addition to the pagan's bookshelf!" - J. Vanderhoeven (Suffolk, UK)
"Starcat’s Corner shows us how to bring earth-oriented spirituality to life in a very hands-on, real-world way." - L. Perry (USA)
"Within the essays are helpful hints, great practical information and things to try." - Mrs. L. J. Lewis (UK)
Joining us on the PawedCats Podcast is Andrea Parker of The Rejuvenation Grange. We'll chat about radical play and how to encourage and incorporate more ways to enhance your life and business by staying on the fertile edge. Also, you'll learn more about your own personal superpowers and how to encourage and practice them every day.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (2) September 2018 (2) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (3) June 2018 (1) May 2018 (1) March 2018 (2) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (3) November 2017 (1) September 2017 (2) July 2017 (3) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (4) October 2016 (4) September 2016 (4) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (4) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (5) March 2016 (4) February 2016 (3) January 2016 (6) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (4) July 2015 (6) June 2015 (6) May 2015 (6) April 2015 (6) March 2015 (6) February 2015 (4) January 2015 (8) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (10) October 2014 (12) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (8) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (10) May 2014 (9) April 2014 (11) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (3) January 2014 (7) December 2013 (6) November 2013 (6) October 2013 (3) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (6) July 2013 (13) June 2013 (8) May 2013 (7) April 2013 (8) March 2013 (8) February 2013 (6) January 2013 (10) December 2012 (10) November 2012 (9) October 2012 (12) September 2012 (6) August 2012 (9) July 2012 (11) June 2012 (12) May 2012 (9) April 2012 (3) March 2012 (4) February 2012 (5) January 2012 (7) December 2011 (12) November 2011 (13) October 2011 (31) September 2011 (7) August 2011 (4) July 2011 (6) June 2011 (12) May 2011 (17) April 2011 (9) March 2011 (8) February 2011 (10) January 2011 (12) December 2010 (9) November 2010 (6) October 2010 (7) September 2010 (5) August 2010 (6) July 2010 (3) June 2010 (5) May 2010 (4) April 2010 (5) March 2010 (8) February 2010 (6) January 2010 (15) December 2009 (23) November 2009 (20) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (2) August 2009 (4) July 2009 (2) June 2009 (1) May 2009 (2) April 2009 (5) March 2009 (5) February 2009 (1) January 2009 (3) December 2008 (1) November 2008 (4) October 2008 (3) September 2008 (4) August 2008 (1) June 2008 (1) May 2008 (2) April 2008 (3) March 2008 (7) February 2008 (9) January 2008 (6) December 2007 (4) November 2007 (8) October 2006 (4) July 2006 (2) June 2006 (5) May 2006 (5) April 2006 (6) March 2006 (2) February 2006 (4) January 2006 (4)
- MAgic Garden Grow - MAGIC GARDEN - Amazing Magic Garden grows in one hour Just water the paper garden and watch as simple scraps of paper transformed into a magical world of blossoming colors and textures.
Watch in amazement as simple scraps of paper are transformed into a magical world of blossoming colors and textures.
After narrowly swerving one iceberg last weekend the good ship CD Tenerife ripped straight into another with a 3-1 defeat at Celta Vigo B and coach Garcia Tebar felt the chill as he was pushed overboard. In the crazy world of CD Tenerife anything can happen and usually does, losing after being a goal up against ten men and Kiko collecting yellow and red cards in just 20 minutes revived last weeks crisis fever and Monday morning marked the latest departure.
It started so well,home player Warden got a straight red card after just 5 minutes and CDT capitalised with a goal after 8 minutes as Ferran Tacon set up Perona, the ball went in the net but was given as an own goal, coming off Vazquez. We’re not fussy how the ball goes in, that should have been the start of an easy victory but this is CD Tenerife we are talking about. Just after the half hour Jota levelled and 4 minutes later the sharp young forward gave Celta a half time lead.
Into the second half and just after Kiko had come on for Ferran Tacon (above), Jota wrapped up his hat trick, Sergio was again suspect with his positioning but the defence was having a nightmare. Jota is a hot property, he had been with the first team squad at Cartegena the previous night in a game that was abandoned after a linesman was felled by an object from the crowd. Anyway back to the nightmare, Kiko got himself booked and followed up soon after with another caution and was off, the 7th sending off for Tenerife this season to go with the storm of yellow cards.
As soon as the game finished the clock was ticking on Garcia Tebar, at least the club allowed him the flight home before sacking him. In comes Quique Medina coach of the B team, until the end of the season, or at least until he upsets our sensitive players. Our play off rivals all dropped points so the new boss goes into Sundays home game with second placed Lugo knowing we can leap over them – yes we sacked a coach with the team in third position? Bookies probably wont even give odds on what will happen next at CD Tenerife – the only thing we can rely on is the passion and support of the fans. Time for us to dig deep again as we usher in another new charge for promotion.
Mar 29, 2016 Best solution to improve the capacity of Cement ball mill is to use Pre- grinder such Adding a pre-grinder to a ball mill has become a well-accepted design for Mining Industry: What are good ways to improve cement ball mill productivity?
Aug 9, 2017 Ball mill as a kind of popular grinding and ore beneficiation equipment is widely used in cement manufacturing, silicate products, construction
Improved wear resistant materials can be installed for grinding media, especially in ball mills. Grinding media are usually selected according to the wear
Feb 29, 2016 The aim of the project commissioned to ESTANDA, was to improve the productivity of the ball mill and to reduce the wearing of the steel parts
It is a universal goal to improve mill productivity, product quality, energy consumption and decrease production costs. However, the achievement of this objective
Cement grinding capacity of Ball mill increases by adjustment of air gap in of grinding media with appropriate sizes also enhanced productivity of cement mill.
Take full control of your grinding mills to increase productivity. White paper In modern grinding, ball mills and SAG mills are two types of mill commonly found.
Ball mill productivity improved. by on-line monitoring system. Client: Large gold producer, Australia. Tough Problem: As pressures grew to increase productivity
Feb 17, 2016 Improving comminution productivity through extending mill liner life in Undesirable impacts caused by steel balls striking the mill liners are
the Ball Mill and the auxiliary equipment. Mill maintenance and mill repair are two crucial factors in productivity of the mill and increase plant efficiency.
Dec 25, 2017 Size and Mass; Hardness; Ball quality control for mill operators .. This phenomenon is being exploited to improve mill productivity and ball
Productivity in milling, when defined as metal removal rate, Q cm³min, can be in finishing or super-finishing profiling operations with a ball nose end mill. 4.
During the design and production of our mills, we monitor every single detail – because often a . guaranteed improvement compared to conventional systems
Ball mills for fine grinding cement clinker and additives are widely used around the world. To improve the efficiency of a ball grinding the ball mills are transferred in specific volumetric productivity equal to 0,63 thpm3 [12]. Replacement of
A ball mill is a type of grinder used to grind and blend materials for use in mineral dressing For systems with multiple components, ball milling has been shown to be effective in increasing solid-state chemical reactivity. Additionally, ball
Download Citation on ResearchGate Optimization of continuous ball mills used for were adjusted over time to maximize mill productivity under stable conditions Influence of ball-to-material mass ratio BM Increasing the ball charge ratio
2.5.5 Improved Grinding Media for Ball Mills . .. can be applied to reduce energy use and increase productivity depending on the characteristics of and
Pump sump. Ball mill. Hydrocyclone. SAG mill. MillSense. RockSense. ACT. GRINDING for itself through reduced energy costs and improved productivity.
often include “additional” benefits, such as increasing the productivity of the company. . into a flowable powder in horizontal ball mills or in vertical roller mills.
Feb 23, 2017 Improving operational performance with mill lining design mining, operational excellence and the ability to find new productivity gains are key focus areas. long-lasting rubber lifter bar solution for a ball mill in Australia.
precision machine tools. In many cases, however, part quality and productivity deteriorate during . The model can be extended to ball end mills as presented in
TALCO installed an MVS soft starter and have improved not only productivity and The Tajik Aluminium Co. wanted to retrofit a MVS soft starter for ball mills 1
mill as well as increase of grinding capacity of the mill. Key words: coal grinding, ball mill, optimization, efficiency. 1. INTRODUCTION . system operates at the maximum possible productivity, the controller-optimizer maintains this value as
The plant is having VRM for raw material and coal grinding and 1 no. roller press and ball mill circuit for cement grinding. Observations and Recommendations:.
Careful consideration of the entire machining system will improve milling of system will improve milling of hardened steels. Article Post: 1012015. Jay Ball To maximize productivity and reliability, mold shops often machine a large portion
Refined through ongoing design improvements, our ball mill liners maximise uptime and service intervals while providing an improved crushing of the ore.
saved hours translate directly into true productivity increase. Backed by . Whether SAG or Ball Mill, space is a sensitive subject, especially in the con- centrator.
Discover the newest milling techniques and tools that metalworkers can use to youre improving your productivity because youll have more teeth in the cut,” he . Ball says the move to optimized roughing is probably the main trend he sees
Feb 8, 2017 In a continuously operating ball mill, feed material fed through the Mills operating with low pulp level, have better productivity than mills with
Sep 20, 2007 better ore classification. • No more spillages on grinding floor and improved operator productivity. • Improved Ball Mill cyclone maintenance.
Nov 11, 2015 Industrial closed-circuit tube or ball mill schematically presented in Figure 1 During steady-state operation, the mill productivity is equal to B0 or B3, . This strength improvement can be related to enhanced cement PSD
slag and blended cements; High productivity with stable, reliable operation Only grinding mill in the market designed as a cement grinder and not a Compared to ball mills, the SIMA mill can produce better or equivalent cement quality.
Host: The productivity is every user in the pursuit of things. How to improve the production efficiency? This is also a concern for many users. Today, we are
Today’s blogtober post is all about autumn where I live. Sadly due to work I haven’t been able to get out to the outskirts of my village where the woods are to get what I would have hoped to have been some super photos! But I have muddled on and done the best that I could which is all anyone can really ask for of me or anyone! Read more
The preferred stiffness classes as described in several product standards are: SN2, SN4, SN8 and SN16, where SN is Nominal Stiffness (kN/m2).
Stiffness of pipes is important if they are to withstand external loadings during installation. The higher the figure, the stiffer the pipe! After correct installation, pipe deflection remains very limited but it will continue to some extent for a while. In relation to the soil in which it is embedded, the plastic pipe behaves in a 'flexible' way.
This means that further deflection in time depends of the settlement of the soil around the pipe. Basically, the pipe follows the soil movement or settlement of the backfill, as technicians call it.
Further deflection will remain limited. For flexible pipes, the soil loading is distributed and supported by the surrounding soil.
However, the induced stresses will never exceed the allowed limit values. The thermoplastic behavior of the pipe material is such that the induced stresses are relaxing to a very low level.
It has to be noted that induced strains are far below the allowable levels. This flexible behaviour means that the pipe will not fail.
It will exhibit only more deflection while keeping its function without breaking. However, rigid pipes by their very nature are not flexible and will not follow ground movements.
This means that when a rigid pipe is subject to excessive loading, it will reach the limit for stress values more quickly and break. It can therefore be concluded that the flexibility of plastic pipes is such that it offers an extra dimension of safety.
Plumbers working in a cooperative housing standard working hours from eight hours to the seventeenth or eighteenth.
More work done in a block must be well organized in such a way that it can be performed as soon as possible with the greatest respect for the rights of the people to preserve their privacy and quiet in the early morning.
The tasks of the executives of the association must also ensure the safety of residents of the block during the works. They can apply to do the second division of water, clean water and sewage network or even replacement of water meters in all areas.
Sometimes these systems are called hydronic heating systems.15 Common components of a central heating system using water-circulation include: A supply of fuel, electric power or district heating supply lines A Boiler (or a heat exchanger for district heating) which heats water in the system Pump to circulate the water Radiators which are wall-mounted panels through which the heated water passes in order to release heat into rooms. The circulating water systems use a closed loop; the same water is heated and then reheated. A sealed system provides a form of central heating in which the water used for heating circulates independently of the building's normal water supply. Heating systems in the United Kingdom and in other parts of Europe commonly combine the needs of space heating with domestic hot-water heating. These systems occur less commonly in the USA.
In this case, the heated water in a sealed system flows through a heat exchanger in a hot-water tank or hot-water cylinder where it heats water from the regular potable water supply for use at hot-water taps or appliances such as washing machines or dishwashers.
Tagi: plumbers plumbing services repair emergency services London drainage boiler heating plumbing services plumber plumbers services boiler repair heating repair repairs Hillingdon
computer repair wokingExpensive computerComputer to the player should be really good. What I mean is the equipment should have high parameters because the players are very demanding users. Which means the computer can be quite expensive. The failure can be very expensive too, so in that case, you sh Czytaj dalej...
Who are The Men, besides ready made material for an Abbott and Costello routine? (‘Have you heard of The Men?’ ‘The who?’ ‘No, they’re something else entirely.’) They’re a band of four, all of them, in fact, men — that much is undeniable. What’s less clear is where these men belong in the million-piece jigsaw puzzle of today’s pop-music scene, or whether they fit in at all. A band from Brooklyn without that borough’s hard-on for ornamentation and innovation, a band with dozens of influences but few close cousins, a band that often sounds like 1973 or 1983 or 1993 but rarely like 2013: The Men are a band the universe has cosmically, comically misfiled.
Where they truly belong is beside the seminal alternative bands that hatched from 1980s American suburbs: Hüsker Dü, Dinosaur Jr., The Replacements. Like them, The Men began as plausible hardcore practitioners, grew unsatisfied, and evolved into something softer, sweeter, and stranger. And as with those bands, the ceaseless marvel of The Men is their capacity for reinvention: reinvention of sound, as they retune their guitars for everything from sensitive songwriting to senseless noisemaking; of genre, as they incorporate influences as diverse as doo-wop, black metal, and surf rock into the basic punk recipe; and of affect, as they shuttle between the adolescent extremes of punk’s emotional range (from unsustainable elation to unjustifiable beleagueredness, from a wish for self-obliteration to an equally deadened apathy). What separates The Men from their predecessors is, as their spare name suggests, a commitment to obscurity. Renouncing rock-star-sized personalities, even stable lyrical presences, The Men are happiest submerged beneath booming guitars. Not that The Men don’t have things to say — but when they do, they let their guitars do the talking.
For most, The Men’s first impression was their second full-length, Leave Home. It’s a bipolar introduction, one that suckers you in only to push you away. Opening track ‘If You Leave . . . ’ is one of The Men’s trademarks, the almost-instrumental: the vocal is repressed to a single mantra-like lyric (here, a response to the title’s hypothetical): ‘I would die’, while a fluctuating instrumental backdrop inflects the lyric with conflicting tones: indifference, remorselessness, masochistic glee. Despite The Men’s many efforts to disquiet us — the lyrics portending self-destruction, the album ordering leave, the cacophonous guitars warning you are not welcome here — Leave Home is an immediately commanding listen. It’s a compilation of some of most ear-grabbing guitar tones of the past few years: the gargling low end of ‘LADOCH’, the eardrum-numbing high end of ‘Shitting with the Shaw’, the bulldozing mid-range of ‘Bataille’. And with these tones The Men engineer song after song modelled on perpetual-motion machines, songs whose unflagging momentum can barely be believed, songs that seemingly never stop moving, even when the album’s over.
Leave Home’s antisocial rock is not for everyone — perhaps not evenThe Men themselves, who about-faced on their third album, Open Your Heart. Unlike Leave Home’s experiments in noise and energy, every song on Open Your Heart channels at least one established genre: rootless country rock (‘Candy’), blues-note-soaked psychedelia (‘Presence’), sprawling Daydream Nation–stylejams (‘Oscillation’), note-perfect imitations of seventies arena rock, covers to classics that don’t actually exist (‘Turn It Around’). But The Men are not simply an immaculate cover band with catholic taste: their generic versatility is always a means of depicting emotional realism, in all its grain and depth. Nowhere is this clearer than on ‘Please Don’t Go Away’, The Men’s most affecting almost-instrumental. Taken alone, the song’s single lyric (the lacklustre title, stammered over a seesawing two-note melody) wouldn’t convince anyone — but placed in a pandemonium of shoegaze guitar squalls, doo-wop squeals, and rapid-fire snare-drum fills, it transforms into an urgent appeal for reconciliation. Forgoing any clarifying context — there’s nothing here approximating a story, a scene, or even a verse-and-chorus skeleton — The Men give us three minutes of choked-up-ness, of emotions overbrimming and words not sufficing. 2012 was a year of great lyrics, loopy extended metaphors, meme-ready rap lines — but few bands understood the eloquence of inarticulateness quite as well as The Men.
If new single ‘Electric’ is any indication, we’ll be meeting yet another incarnation of The Men on their fourth album, New Moon, out March 4th. An earwormy burst of proto-punk from a band whose aim was once to alienate and bewilder, ‘Electric’ is simultaneously a radical step forward for the band and their most accessible offering yet. More than ever, The Men’s influences are right on the surface: the verse’s three-chord vamp is pure Modern Lovers, while the sneering references to neutron bombs and jokers and thieves come straight from The Stooges’ apocalyptic rock. So where can we hear The Men in all this? Just wait for the chorus: the drummer attacking his kit as if he had something against it, the guitars ditching the horizontal chug of the verse and leaping upward in an ascendant pentatonic riff, the singer shutting up because there’s a certain species of joy only overdriven guitars can express. Who are The Men? They’re your favourite part of the song.
NASA's Coastal Zone Color Scanner (CZCS) was flown on the Nimbus-7 satellite, launched in October 1978 and had an operational lifetime of 7 1/2 years.
The Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico are the source of what is likely the most well-known current in the oceans—the Gulf Stream. The warm waters of the Gulf Stream can be observed using several different types of remote sensors, including sensors of ocean color (CZCS), sea surface temperature, and altimetry. Images of the Gulf Stream taken by the CZCS, one of which is shown here, are both striking and familiar.
CZCS image of the Gulf Stream and northeastern coast of the United States. Several large Gulf Stream warm core rings are visible in this image, as is are the higher productivity areas near the Chesapeake and Delaware Bays. To the northeast, part of the Grand Banks region near Nova Scotia is visible. Despite the high productivity of this region, overfishing caused the total collapse of the Grand Banks cod fishery in the early 1990s.
The Gulf Stream marks the dividing line between warm, low-productivity waters to the south and colder, more productive waters near the North American continental shelf. Just as in the image of Tasmania, the characteristics of the water and the associated biological communities can change dramatically over a very small area. CZCS images clearly show the fluctuating boundary between the nearshore productive waters and the offshore waters with lower concentrations of phytoplankton chlorophyll and associated pigments. The eddies and meanders of the Gulf Stream are also visible.
There's a lot of people that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Cheers
What's up, after reading this amazing piece of writing i am as well delighted to share my knowledge here with friends.
wall mounted garage shelving diyheavy duty garage wall shelvingheavy duty wall mounted wire shelvingwall mounted shelving systemswall mounted industrial shelvingheavy duty wall mounted garage shelvinggarage wall shelving ideasheavy duty wall mounted shelving
Create volume and shine with David Groshen's volumizing products. They offer subtle texture and give you maximum styling control.
The white in "the secret egg formula," puts you in control of the volume level of your hair. Turn up high or keep it subtle, depending on your mood. Gel mouse gives you great curl retention and adds shine. Put a dollop in your hand and watch it grow.
Key Botanicals Ingredients: Hawaiian Ginger, Banana Leaves, Coconut, Lemongrass, papaya leaves, Passion fruit, Raspberry, Sandalwood, Sea kelp, watercress. Benefits: Adds volume and manageability, with natural moisturizers to keep hair soft and shiny.
This is a fantastically easy way to control the volume at the root of your hair. Texture Rising is a lotion-to-foam spray that bolsters and lifts hair, while giving you control of the exact placement while styling. It adds lift, dimension and volume and works great for all hair types.
This image kitchen nook sets with storage has been posted by admin in kitchen nook sets with storage, corner nook kitchen table with storage, corner kitchen nook set with storage at April 9, 2018, 8:51 am. You can easily explore kitchen nook sets with storage home decor bench awesome wallpaper regard to and further useful articles in home decor group.
This photo wall storage ideas has been submitted by author under wall storage ideas for small kitchens, wall mounted storage for small bedrooms, wall storage ideas for bedroom at February 27, 2018, 5:06 am. You can surf wall storage ideas home decor kids room best toy large playroom and further valuable posts in home decor group.
We’re pleased to finally present this high-quality triple vinyl reissue of “The Inevitable End”. Not only does it sound great, it also features previously unreleased song, “In The End”, that is only available here. To us, this is the definitive version.
“In The End” was written as part of the “The Inevitable End”. Upon completion of the album, we couldn’t find the right space for the track, so it was left off the final release. The song itself ties in with the album and deals with the same overall themes such as doubt, reconciliation & death.
МОМЕНТАЛЬНО ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ ССЫЛКУ НА АКТИВАЦИЮ ИНВАЙТА (ГИФТА) Call of Duty Ghosts - Gold Edition в Steam. БЕЗ РЕГИОНАЛЬНЫХ ОГРАНИЧЕНИЙ (Rest Of World (ROW) - Region Free Steam Gift)! row-gift you can activate and run the game in all countries of world
INSTANTLY AFTER PAYMENT YOU GET activation link Invites (GIFT) Call of Duty Ghosts - Gold Edition on Steam. Without regional restrictions (Rest Of World (ROW) - Region Free Steam Gift)! row-gift you can activate and run the game in all countries of world
После оплаты Вы мгновенно получаете Steam Gift Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 для активации в системе Steam и включения всех сетевых функций игры. Каждый покупатель оставивший положительный отзыв о товаре Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2получит индивидуальный КЛЮЧ АКТИВАЦИИ ОДНОЙ ИЗ ИГР STEAM В ПОДАРОК !!! Внимание: игра может быть активирована только на территории одной из следующих стран: Россия, Армения, Азербайджан, Республика Беларусь, Грузия, Киргизстан, Казахстан, Республика Молдова Молдова, Таджикистан, Туркменистан, Украина и Узбекистан. Для активации за пределами России и СНГ вы можете использовать прокси или VPN. После активации играть можно в любых странах мира без ограничений и без VPN. За использование метода активации с VPN мы ответственности не несем. Warning: game can be activated only in one of the following countries: Russian Federation, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, Republic of Moldova, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine and Uzbekistan. To activate outside of Russia and CIS, you can use a proxy or VPN. After activation you can play in any country of the world without restrictions and without a VPN. For the use of the method of activation with VPN, we are NOT responsible. Buy this product at your own responsibility and only if you understand the risk involved! Только у нас вы получаете ГАРАНТИРОВАННЫЙ ПОДАРОК ЗА КАЖДУЮ покупку и отзыв!!! И не просто любую дешевую игру как у большинства продавцов, а игру на выбор из более чем 20 предложенных!!! ОБЯЗАТЕЛЬНОЕ УСЛОВИЕ: в отзыве не забудьте написать просьбу в получении!!! Подарки рассылаются в течение 1-2 рабочих дней. Пожалуйста проверяйте папку СПАМ, возможно наше письмо попало туда. Не участвуют реселлеры имеющие персональную скидку 5 % и более. Кроме этого мы запускаем АКЦИЮ для наших постоянных покупателей. За каждые 5 покупок любых товаров сделанных у продавца @MediaSoft, начиная с 1 декабря 2011 г. покупатель получает на выбор одну из игр STEAM от компании "Новый Диск" и "1С": RaceOn, Lost Planet Extreme Condition, Prey, Scourge Project, Shatter. Кооперируйтесь, покупайте друзьям и получайте свой приз!!! Основное условие - за все покупки вы должны оставлять отзывы. По любым вопросам связанным с проведением акции, обращайтесь к продавцу. В акции не участвуют реселлеры имеющие персональную скидку 5 % и более. Количество ключей ограничено, продавец оставляет за собой право по окончанию всех акционных ключей прекратить акцию. Языки: русский, английский и др. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 - Продолжение нашумевшего боевика Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, разошедшегося по всему миру тиражом 14 миллионов экземпляров и удостоившегося звания "Игра 2007 года" от большинства игровых изданий. Действие в Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 спустя несколько лет после событий, произошедших в первой части блокбастера. В составе спецотряда по борьбе с терроризмом под командованием капитана Джона Мактавиша игрок примет участие в опаснейших операциях в самых разных уголках мира: в заснеженных горах Казахстана и трущобах Рио-де-Жанейро, в песках Афганистана и даже на бескрайних просторах России. В захватывающих дух перестрелках и рукопашных схватках с экстремистами бойцы элитного отряда будут использовать новейшее оружие, снаряжение и технику. Особенности игры Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2: * Продолжение одного из самых успешных шутеров в истории интерактивных развлечений Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, удостоившегося множества восторженных отзывов как отечественной и зарубежной игровой прессы, так и поклонников видеоигр. * Новые операции. Масштабная одиночная кампания, продолжающая события оригинальной игры. * Плечом к плечу. Кооперативный режим "Спецоперации", в котором представлен ряд сценариев для двух участников. По мере приобретения бойцами опыта, @MediaSoft - 12 лет на plati.ru! Качество проверенное временем!
A Location Number of "111" indicates I have the show in my Collection, but they haven't yet been assigned a Location number. Please order These by Description Only.
And here we see something of Lynn's thought process. She is pissed off that the gutter has stopped her because now her MOM will be upset. :-D
Only problem is Lynn, I don't think he had much a brain to BEGIN with, so not sure you can fry what is non-existent. :-D
Was that awesome line about not being any pet name he could think of in the original? I can't remember.
That bullying douche has worked really hard to earn an ass whomping, and if a 17 year old girl has to be the one to deliver it then SO MUCH THE BETTER.
The Township of Langley is a diverse and vibrant municipality. Known as a \"community of communities\", the Township has a rich history rooted in agriculture and a bright future fostered by innovation.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable. Bruce Lee
When you wake up each morning, you can choose to be happy or choose to be sad. Unless some terrible catastrophe has occurred the night before, it is pretty much up to you. Tomorrow morning, when the sun shines through your window, choose to make it a happy day. Lynda Resnick
My goal is to give girls and boys a different idea of expression. It's not always about looking pretty or cute. It's about expressing yourself however that may be, even if that's being silly or goofy or weird. Sia
Your surroundings may change but your essence and your personality pretty much stay the same. Jenna Dewan
It's been a long comeback. Things were pretty dark for me. But I have a faith now, and it saves my day. I was angry with God for a long time because I was unhappy with me. I hadn't learned to make the distinction between God and my parents. But there's a peace now. In the end, I got sick and tired of being sick and tired. William Hurt
My style motto is pretty classic: you give off a positive energy when you wear what you're most comfortable in. Petra Collins
You call my candidate a horse thief, and I call yours a lunatic, and we both of us know it's just till election day. It's an American custom, like eating corn on the cob. And, afterwards, we settle down quite peaceably and agree we've got a pretty good country - until next election. Stephen Vincent Benet
My style is definitely schizophrenic; it does change from day to day a lot. It depends on my mood: sometimes I'll be going through a girly, childlike stage and wear a pretty lace dress with a bow in my hair. Then sometimes I'll be moody and just wear black. Amber Le Bon
My aesthetic is pretty classic. I like to keep things simple but appreciate the details. Jessica Jung
I'm in love with red. I think it's such a passionate color. Every flag of every country pretty much has red it it. It's power, there's no fence sitting with red. Either you love it or you don't. I think its blood and strength and life. I do love red. I love all colors. Great shades of blue, you find them in nature. They're all magic. Bryan Batt
My style is pretty clean, classic, and elegant, with some elements to make it a little funkier. If you see me on a normal day, I'm usually in a T-shirt and jeans, maybe with some cool sneakers, but I'm pretty basic. John Legend
I like to think I'm a pretty good friend. I love having a good time, and I enjoy being able to share those good times with others. Jacob Batalon
When you're wearing a motorcycle helmet, people don't know who you are. So I just wander around and, yeah, it's pretty awesome. Zac Brown
It's our hearts and brains that we should exercise more often. You can put on all the makeup you want, but it won't make your soul pretty. Kevyn Aucoin
In the household in which I was raised, the themes were pretty simple. 'Work hard. Don't quit. Be appreciative, be thankful, be grateful, be respectful. Also, never whine, never complain. And always, for crying out loud, keep a sense of humor.' Michael Keaton
The message is pretty clear: Americans are sick and tired of the doubletalk coming out of Washington, of us going home and saying we're conservative and then coming up here and voting for 10,000 earmarks. We can't fool America anymore; the media is too good. They're reporting what we're really doing. Jim DeMint
My life is not that glamorous. I actually live a pretty simple life, really. I just work. I don't have time to do all these glamorous things. I just do my thing, just work. Olga Kurylenko
Openness, respect, integrity - these are principles that need to underpin pretty much every other decision that you make. Justin Trudeau
I like Aurora, 'Sleeping Beauty,' because she's just sleeping and looking pretty and waiting for boys to come kiss her. Sounds like a good life - lots of naps and cute boys fighting dragons to come kiss you. Ariana Grande
People with HIV and AIDS are nothing to be afraid of. They are people just like every single one of us, and each has a story to tell. These people should be helped, embraced, and not dismissed. We need to open our hearts and our minds to them, and we just may learn we're pretty much all the same. Lisa Lampanelli
For additional information related to private property development please select the available categories for additional information.
Street Lamp Street women's Aerosoles Aerosoles Lamp Aerosoles women's Street women's Street Lamp Aerosoles UqEXxSaww
This sleeveless linen shirt from Majestic was made in slightly transparent fabric to show off your feminine shape. With the stylish design and shiny details, you'll love wearing this shirt!
The main reason there are many cloud mining frauds is as it is quite simple for any person in the world to setup an internet site.
We have been periodically furnishing information about quite possibly the most rewarding Bitcoin cloud mining services determined by our authentic contracts While using the providers viewed inside the desk earlier mentioned.