The patient - not the objecting physician - is responsible for contacting the service. This is an important point, since objecting physicians frequently object to doing something that may facilitate what they perceive to be a wrongful act.
The nature of the service itself may be of some importance to some objecting physicians, who may be unwilling to facilitate contact with a service primarily designed to deliver euthanasia and assisted suicide, but would be willing to facilitate contact with a general end-of-life care co-ordinating service even if euthanasia and assisted suicide are among the options.
As the name suggests, the Alberta MAID Care Coordination Service appears to be primarily designed to deliver euthanasia and assisted suicide. No comparable web pages appear to exist in the Alberta Health Services website to provide direction to such services.
The entry page provides three main options: one for patients/families, one for health professionals and volunteers, and one for general enquiries. No links lead to palliative care or other end of life options. (Click image to enlarge.)
The general enquiries link leads to a page with links to information about euthanasia and assisted suicide. No links lead to palliative care or other end of life options. (Click image to enlarge.)
The professionals/volunteers link leads to a page with links to information about euthanasia and assisted suicide. No links lead to palliative care or other end of life options.(Click image to enlarge.)
- Your questions answered (FAQ's) (All but one of 31 questions concern euthanasia/assisted suicide. Question 8 concerns options and includes a link to a palliative care resource.)
Patients who go to the Care Coordination Services page are offered information about two teams established in the province "available to generally discuss all end of life options available, including medical assistance in dying." The contact link returns the patient to the entry page. No links lead to palliative care or other end of life options. (Click image to enlarge.)
The MyHealth.Alberta.ca website is also maintained by the provincial government and Alberta Health Services. It includes resources for palliative and end of life care that do not reference euthanasia or assisted suicide. There is no requirement in the Order in Council or College policy on euthanasia/assisted suicide to provide patients with contact information for this website or to ensure reasonable access to it, though physicians would be free to do so.
I am currently Tech Lead at the Think Tank Team, a group of people interested in doing great work, having strong impact, and having fun while doing it. We are part of Samsung Research America, and located in Silicon Valley, read on…
“Giving” and “taking”… these are words with interesting layers of meaning. They are somehow like “good” and “evil”: words charged with meanings beyond their lexical definitions, except insofar as they are thankfully uncharged by the undertones of religion, which makes clear discussion of the latter pair nearly impossible. One must wonder, though, if they are so charged by nature of nurture of those qualities. After all, while words may be naively postulated to be the formalized description of facts, their meaning (and by transfer, they themselves) are also the children of the society which engendered them, and thus carry the undeniable stamp of their parentage. Actually, these words are good levers to pry open a different issue: the polarity of words itself (the reason for which I will leave till the end). For while the polarity of words is common knowledge, the significance of this polarity is only vaguely acknowledged by the collective psyche.
As usual, the first and foremost question is the “why.” Why are we inclined to ascribe polarities? We could go into all sorts of social theory here, but for me the observational Occam’s Razor will do: the simplest answer may be that the human mind must first circumscribe an idea in order to reason with it. We have ideas about tall and short, bright and dark, and so on, and thus we have ideas about scale. Compared to the average sunny day, we may describe the Gobi sun and extremely bright, and compared to a city road, we may describe the distant countryside on a moonless night as unnaturally dark. But these descriptions underline the relativity of the scales on which we rely. To one who lives in the distant countryside, it is the city road that is unnaturally bright. We set about circumscribing a radius, pretend to perceive the center of it, and describe this center as “natural” or “normal,” forgetting that not only is the space described by each person different, but that we may very well be incapable of seeing the balance point of the space we have ourselves defined.
With this in mind, let us get back to giving and taking. To give much, certainly, is highly regarded. But this begs the question: why is everyone not endlessly enthusiastic about giving? Why is it that something that is admirable is not something that we, at a deep level, do not wish to aspire to? Taking also has this duality, though it is perhaps harder to see. Taking too much, or perhaps more appropriately, “more than one’s share,” is of course frowned upon. But taking too little is just as bad. Take for example a person who chooses to accept no kindness or social token. This person would be perceived as distant, or worse, arrogant and standoffish. This may be interpreted as simply the counter-instantiation of a social norm, but it can also be seen as a negation of the efforts of one who is perceived as good (the impeccable giver), which of course, in the world of polar formulations, relegates to the non-taker the role of “villain.”
Also interesting is the idea of “one’s share,” which ties directly into the concept of normalcy or centrality, and thus requires polarity (negative polarity, one may suppose, except for in the mind of the extreme capitalist). To add further twists, we must of course have exceptions to the so-called rules. In the case of dire need, to take excessively is not as bad. We never call a person being rescuee of a dangerous fire a villain for taking selfishly of the fireman’s self-sacrifice. In fact, we have invented a word for the authorized over-taker: the victim. At the same time, it is not as unacceptable to give little as it should be, because presumably effort went into the excesses being enjoyed. We variously label this capitalism, free market economy, or enlightened self-interest. Toss it all together, shake well, and it’s pretty much literally all good!
So now that we have danced around a bit, we can discard the prybar of giving and taking and cut to the meat. The difficulties with the pseudo-morality of giving and taking show us two things: a) the difference between ideals, moral/social evaluations, and practice and b) the difference between correctness and goodness. The definitional polarity of the terms are residues of social ideals. They are meant neither to be evaluated realistically nor to be practiced. In reality, the design of society does not allow for anyone to be that giving without going penniless and having to take (and thus reduce goodness), and the counterbalance prevents anyone from taking from everyone limitlessly. I do expect some resistance to the latter idea, but in the end, even the most heinous of takers must give something to survive, or be hunted down. Since the polarity of the words do not help us in any practical situation, we must thus have a separate metric for evaluation. This metric can be described loosely as deviation from the virtual centroid of the give/take space relative to the person or to society in general. The metric is made uneven because we have found ways to cheat with the metric in order to not feel too negatively. However, they are a metric nonetheless.
If the metric is the distance, then the practice is effectively centralism, or attempted congruence with the accepted centroid of the space. The upshot is that the “ok” state is in fact not the “good” state, but the “not too good and not too bad state,” which allows us to keep the relativistic model in play. It’s a longish discussion as to fully explore why we cannot accept outliers into the set while using a relative moral model, but to sum, sufficient numbers of outliers would either constantly redefine the centroid (making it definitionally unusable) or causes fracture of the common definition of the center. This provides segue into point (b), as well as the crux of this exercise. I will take as given that the give/take (or any other) terminological polarization is a social phenomenon. I will presume as safe the assumption that “society” is some set of individuals who subscribe to the same set of terminologies and definitions (ie, they can communication and make sense to each other). If the polarization is a social phenomenon (ie, everyone agreed on it, however tacitly), then we cannot have any extreme outliers in the set given the way things stand. In short, we can have neither heroes nor villains among the “us.”
That said, the idea of heroes and villains, their roles, and their otherness is fascinating as a tool for social inspection. Perhaps the change in the aspect of the hero, and some thoughts on what this means to the “us,” would make a good topic for a part II to this posting.
Full text and e-editions are available to premium subscribers only. To subscribe to the digital edition, please visit subscription page. If you are already a subscriber, please login to the site. You can also request a free sample by using our request form.
girl x friendly! me with a , and we'll see what's up ;) I'm x just looking for a good time.. RE:RE: I posted "Try to Run" I don't think you need to worry about it being "you." But in the event that it is "you": -my "endearment" to you was Jackass(it was always said with a sly and knowing smile) - we laughed soo hard at times, lonely ladies looking for fun fat ladies needed hair pussy to locate pussy our stomachs hurt the next day like we had done situps (ie: the door stopper incident) - you have a small scar on your arm from a ring I wore So are you "you?" And if you aren't, if you have made someone feel this confused, upset, sad, angry and cold, maybe the best thing you can do for them is to leave themsexy black women of 93446 alone, real girls for real fun no matter how much you want to reach out. Getting over relationships is hard work. Getting over the hurt from things that happened inside the relationship is soul mending. Just learn from it and move on. I am venting here so that I can learn to let go of trying to interface with "you." This is cathartic and pretty much anonymous. I don't expect "you" will ever read this but it helps me without interfering with "you."
Sweet sugar amateur womens in darlington. Looking for Busty FWB Looking for something a little bit different.. Not sure this would even interest a woman that I would be interested in.. but I'll give it a shot.. can't hurt to try.. I'm a good looking, girls be horny 17834 successful and passionate guy.. stuck in a situation which doesn't fulfill my needs, yet still doing the right responsible thing by sticking it out.. If you're truly honest about this, I think my situation is more the rather than the exception.. yet we all go through the motions.. I would you know what I'm talking about.. question is are you willing to live for yourself for a change at least once in a while? Once in a while I love a little x .. just enhances passion for me like no other.. brings you totally into the moment.. Do you know what I'm talking about? I do have a thing for a bustier woman.. not in a perverted way.. just that's what turns me on the most.. I'm very respectful, smart, well educated.. tall, just looking to experience that missing passion once in a while, with someone who can relate.. No pressure, horny Cheltenham women girls Dandridge who want to fuck no drama, very discreet.. just our situations. What do you say? Falkirk chevy teen adult lonelys Black lady search adult chat line
Seeking a submissive male to adult personal girl tonight. Sex partners wants latina looking for sex free horney moms Bartley West Virginia blonde women searching lonely married.
Fem BBW looking for friendship. movie So I am a x year old guy, i am not crazy or weird just new to area and recently divorced. just looking for someone to come over enjoy a beer or xxx with me and watch some t.v and have a conversation. I love my x yr old boy and we are the best of bud's but his conversation skills kind of suck. Tired of sitting around worn-out? Lets do something crazy! Hi there I am on here simply looking for a guy who honestly enjoys getting wild. I wanna meet tonight because I actually have some time to myself for once and I'm feeling brave....its spur of the moment I know but if youve got a spare evening use me to fill it youll be glad you did :PI am really open minded sexually as long as its safe and consensual then bring it on babyyyyy..haha. Mail me back and be quick about it :P. sexy indian girls news Kapolei Swinger girls search adult chatroulette
Additional lady or sister wife. Black Man x ' x x (Akron) x I have a pretty goofy personality - I love to laugh and make others laugh. I don't do well with negativity and drama, fuck buddys Ban Hu Kwang I won't settle for anything but bliss (generally speaking, xxx dating in Durham fucking a lady here Parry Sound ill not everything can be perfect all the time of course). If you wanna have a good time with a good guy send picture with contact info i will contact you asap insatiable bookworms to intellectual bad boy Hot nude women searching sex webcam chat
Couple looking for fun tonight;. Cute, older BBW in town for a couple days Cute BBW visiting the Bay Area for a few days. Would love to have intelligent and fun conversation with someone new. If we click, horney women Pinopolis South Carolina we could explore what more we have in common. :) Thoughts? Ideas? Send me a pic and what you think would make for a fun evening. If it seems like we could be a fit, I'll reply with my photo. Thanks! I'll be out all afternoon, how to meet girls Abbottstown Pennsylvania but hope to hear from you when I get back. sex wanted after a bad breakup Lonely adults wanting looking for sex patner
Looking for someone to get to know and hangout with. sex ad in Derry New Hampshire wa MASSIVE COCK looking for voyeur fun, women onl.
Seeking weekday lunch date. bbw wanting sex Madagascar Want to hang out, chat, laugh? I don't often have free time from work. I work hard and do like to play hard. I have this evening free and tomorrow as well. Any ladies want to hang out, chat, laugh, good looking Doniphan Nebraska male for older woman be silly?? Smoking is ok, x friendly, local swingers Palmdale free pussy in Flamingo Lodge Florida ohio drinking is fine also. If you'd like to relax and hang out with a laid back guy, give me a shout. Thanks for reading. x + older woman Ideally looking for an older woman in her sexual prime who is classy yet loves taking a and hung professional man's cock in her personal time. I am a late x s well educated man with a passion for much older woman. Looking for a real woman above x who knows what she wants and takes it. Can be a xxx time arrangement but prefer something on going. I need xxx woman who appreciates passion/desire/sensualness.
Female Poker Player Wanted. Girls near you that you can fuck in Lockport Illinois Looking to cuddle right now.
Real you!then let's fuck!. South Burlington Vermont 4th hookup Looking for an old lady who just wants sex.
Looking for some older women seeking sex fun. over 50 dating at us bank on oddie Girls wanting sex services
Married for same.before work fun. married but lonely chat for help Horny girls search women looking for threesomes
Looking for a Bi girl make friends with. Omaha ending massage and strokingi can host I need to lick a pussy badly.
I want to fuck the hell out of your pussy. Forest women search japanese girls sexy indian girls news Kapolei Some like it hot, some like it hotter!
Looking for BBW or Older. who wants to play with a Rock Hill cock Seattle Guy Seeks Cute Asian Girl.
Another Long shot One woman. Lonly ladies search hot dating married women nude penis in Bridgeport Connecticut hotel
For married bbw S. Im Sorry This is my Life. mr Tucson looking for a gf Come with me to see adult girls in bath tonight!
Seeking Dark and Lovely looking for swingers Lady. Adult hot searching sexy latinas Girls near you that you can fuck in Lockport Illinois Hairy adult datings hot ocal sluts looking for a good time.
MBF seeking Black Male. Married woman looking 50 dating female mobil cashier4 4 Married man looking for a special someone.
Looking for any girl or woman. Adult women searching american single dating looking for friends or whatev Fun hangout at my place friends and all.
BBW looking for some FUN maybe a relationship. Sex girl wants swingers girls Lonely horny wives in Claremore, Oklahoma, 74017
Inexperienced sexy woman seeks experienced chick. seeking Lexington moral book and music snob NOT looking for a LTRas you put it.
Single woman searching for single older male. Xxx personals search erotic chat married women nude penis in Bridgeport Connecticut hotel
BBW looking for someone who enjoys life. seeking a woman for nsa fun BBW looking to please and be pleased.
Hot and hung white male looking for a woman. Adult swinger seeking adult real sex looking for friends or whatev BBw says Thanks for your responses.
Movie, drink appetizer tonight! meet married women Vacherie Louisiana busty ebony ready to please Im off today, want to stay cool and go bowling with me?? Hi, im off today and all of my friends are working. Is there anyone else not working today that would like to join me in a couple games of bowling?? I can treat, fuck friends Wilsonville or we can go dutch if it makes you feel better ;) Im a x yo educated male, slim athletic build, Iowa City bbw iso good man places Conrad to find hookers short black hair, dark brown eyes, and very down to earth. Im willing to go almost anywhere in the valley, but Pinz in Studio city would be preferred. Please respond with your name and a picture of yourself and i will return the favor. Thank you!
In town for the week, looking for free horny singles fun. mature ladies in Forest Oaks North Carolina hung horny with 420 and hosting w weekend play Athletic guy looking for a fit woman for some fun for weekend mornings. Perhaps breakfast? Favorite food in the header to prove you are real. Dominant man seeks younger submissive woman; Long Term relationship Looking for a very attractive, very intelligent young woman to build a life with. Stimulating conversations, local fuck buddy great Wisconsin Rapids fun nights out, hilarious stories, and amazing sex. I am very busy with work, but looking for someone who inspires me to play more, work less....or at least work hard to play hard. I'm white, athletic build, non-smoker, social drinker, no drugs, adult dating Wildwood Crested Butte Colorado horney single women fun, funny, intelligent, educated, cultured, still have my guilty pleasures though. Tell me about you....
Any girl open minded like to have fun now, smithtown. free pussy Swanton Nebraska ohio SWEET HIPPY GIRL-LTR x - First, thanks for reading this! I hope I can make it worth the time. Ok, we are all looking for that xxx person that completes and makes our lives what it could and should be. The person that makes us be better people. Ever see a couple that just work? They are like xxx person. Laughing, making a great life together like it's easy? Like they deserve it? % of the time. I'm extremely honest and reliable, romantic, nurturing and funny. A modern guy with modern tastes, yet traditional when it comes to how I treat my partner and expect to be treated. Humor is a big part of my life. If my attempts at humor here get on your nerves, then I'm not the xxx for you. Thanks for playing =) Im sincere, passionate, successful, stable and have a quality of life significantly higher than most because Im lucky, kinda smart and I work very hard at it. But of course I'm far from perfect. Really far. Like not even in the same Zip code. I dont expect you to be perfect either. Although I have been ed very handsome by a few blind chicks I consider myself ok looking but stylish and much more attractive to some women than to others. I'm x '- x " tall. HWP and muscular. Some women think I'm crazy sexy handsome and others look right through me like I didnt exist. I'm a musician/singer/songwriter, photographer, writer, linguist, philosopher and a sucker for a smile. Why am I scouring the Oklahoma countryside? I beleive the RIGHT girl would add to my quality of life. The right equal partner would make my life better, funner, funnier, more. Make sense? I wanna wake up and there be a neck there to kiss, and a best friend to tell I love you to. Its just better. Being single's great and I have it down to a cold science. I'm very happy, but I prefer having a trusted and desired partner. I guess that's where your pretty ass comes in :P Im looking for a sweet, fun young woman, maybe a single mom thats looking for a great relationship with a truly good hearted (well hung) man. (everything in parenthesis is a lie) Ideally she would be smart and well adjusted and a wicked sense of humor. Looks dont matter. But build does to some point. She wouldnt have to be a barbie doll but NOT BBW status either. Sorry. Just not my thing. Some guys like "Big Girls". Im just not xxx of them. And you might be thinking "ok whats wrong with this dude?" Are you ready? Nothing really, that I know of. Im just kinda picky. Mostly about morals and kindness. I've met a lot of females in my life. And people basiy suck. Im just tired of dealing with aggressive, cookie cutter Coach purse carrying, Escalade driving women Im not attracted to. I can't really get into women with an aggressive predisposition, or that lie as if it's no big deal and justify it by their own greed, or women that're still hung up on their doucher trophy ex. That shit's insane to me. These seem to be common issues out there, is why I mention 'em. Oh! And nerdy, even WEIRD, horny women want sex Genoa Ohio is good. As long as your heart is TRUE, I can love you. And if it's not true, I'll know fairly soon. I'm a very good judge of character. Experience I suppose. I know this all seems strange itemizing all this like a grocery list, but I know what I want in life. You only live once and I want to be happy! Not all "puppy on Prozac and Red Bull chasing a laser pointer across naked girl boobies" happy, but contented, in love and motivated kinda happy. And yes, this ad is in hope of finding LOVE. An equal partnership based on respect, trust, a desire for a quality life and raw sexual chemistry. Not a situation of convenience, horny pussy in Santa Marta Melendrez a sex hook up or sugar daddy job app. This is an ad for a best friend that happens to possess a vagina. Again, looks are not as important as personality and attitude. If you consider yourself ugly, please talk to me anyways!!!! Sweetness and honesty are more important than everything else. I only like nice people. Ive never been unfaithful to a woman, and as far as I know, have never had it done to me. So if you think you're a player? Wow! That's awesome! You really should go do that. Over there ---> I know Im a ways away, but if we click itd be worth it and fun as fuck :) Your picture gets mine, and please put........ "SWEET"........ in the subject line so I know it's not a weird ass phishing scam with a half naked skank from the eighties. That shit weirds me out. I mean, I'll buy em a razor if they'll use it!
UCSC C x Asian NSA Hiwanting sex in flint mi there, real girls for real fun i am asian, Shute Harbour morning cocks need sucking sex women of Modesto x , around x " x athletic and my size is x . x . i am looking for NSA on campus and if you are interested email me back.( i have my own room. ) please send a picture first or i will not respond Can anyone in this city please me ? Looking for a REAL REAL REAL woman. Please do not contact me if you aren't real, i'm tired of receiving fake emails. If you are real and you are looking for some fun hit me up. Your pic gets mine and i have plenty to give. If I like you we will make plans to meet today.
Black & hung looking for mutual fun. Elk grove village IL cheating wives The right girlwanna fuckRight now.
Seeking New Friends, maybe more. horney chat in Dlha Nad Vahom i need a pussy Puyallup expert Looking for Tonight Hey there. I'm a x yr old white male in Searcy. I'm looking for someone that would like to hang out, watch movies, monon Rockford sluts play Xbox, or anything else along those lines. I'm bored, cheap sluts Idaho Falls Idaho Clarks Hill South Carolina sexys Clarks Hill South Carolina but don't feel like going out and clubbing this weekend. Does this sound good to anyone? giving this a shot Ok x st time here i'm x wm x ' x " in good shape hwp newly single and just looking do fun any ideas? Wouldn't mind a casual thing or an ongoing casual thing and if it leads to more that could happen if we both click but not looking for that just yet. Let me know if your interested I have to trade and if you reply I will reply back
any country guys wanna chat? Are you the guy Looking for the xxx who gives you "that feeling" :) Like i said dont have to be perfect to be with me. Im looking for some xxx who can love me as is and ill love you back as you are. Send me an email about you, Things that make who you are not just looks. Send a picture and ill do the same. Oh and on the sobject line put your favorite music band.
women in port Lowry City Missouri who want sex| Looking 4 Skinny Wild Woman. erotic club East Providence Rhode Island women looking for oral pleasure Glendaleia ohio| Partner in girls wanting to sext Outdoor Adventures! | Cool girls looking to hang with cool athletic guys! | Looking for ltr with another woman Be real..place "spring" in the subject line of the response or I will delete and never read further. I am looking for a friend and more. I love to shop, cook, read, go out from time to time. I am in a relationship with my boyfriend and he will not be involved. I miss the connection of another woman. Looking for someone fun,horny girls on Wilmington honest, real girls for real fun caring, daring..I like a little naughty too. Love girls with curves..no butch looking..sorry..but I like a girly girl..It is sunny and beautiful out today.. hope to hear from you soon! NO MEN!!!! girls want sex Bossier City Louisiana bored and looking 60 Poland 60| AA Couple Seeking LT GF This very sociable discreet dallas couple is looking for a single female for a ongoing relationship. Are you tired of sitting at home and ready to have fun...then it is time to meet us! We travel...We go out of town for quick trips (houston, etc.)...we go to local bars and clubs...etc.. Our ideal female mate would be... - Available to go out - Able and willing to travel - Clean (Good Hygiene) - Drama Free - HWP ***We are Open to any race! What we are offering - fun times (traveling,secret encounters Byrrill Creek outings, real girls for real fun dinners, etc.) - a very relaxing/clean home environment - we believe in safe sex (condoms) We are a professional African American married couple. We are both college educated and attractive (she has a slim athletic body and a very pretty face). We are both working out to get those sexy summer bodies now! We are a very stable couple with no drama. She is bi(giver and receiver) and he is straight. We have photos of ourselves and we are willing to meet out. If interested and you wanna find out more..shoot us a message with a recent photo. Only serious people please. seeking Minett male for a date and more valero then off to Lac du Flambeau
umi granite a full height quartz and counter create a very clean contemporary feel in this freshly designed kitchen under cabinet lighting also adds to the.
Here is my entry in the Play Date Cafe Challenge #51 using the colors beige, pale blue, light green. The woman stamp is by Stampabilities
What a beautiful image and that lace/ribbon is beautiful! Thanks so much for playing along and joining in the fun at the PDCC:)
Baseball cuff bracelet. Made from a game used baseball cover, lined with minkey for softness against wrist and hand stitched with an adjustable button grommeted clasp. Unique way to recycle old baseballs, have a baseball bracelet made!
Photos by Glenn Summers The Greater St. Stephen Ministries community project Greater Glam 2018 took place on Saturday August 25. 2018 and featured an Empowerment Day Session and Fashion Show Experience. Greater Glam 2018 is the inspiration of D...
By Dr. Kevin Williams With National Sickle Cell Awareness Month just next month, I’ve been thinking a lot about the challenges that people with sickle cell disease (SCD) face and what can be done to make a meaningful change in their care. Evolu...
Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson By Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson “This is yet another example of Secretary Betsy DeVos’s disdain for our nation’s public schools and underscores the urgent need for Democrats to remain steadfast in the fight...
Prev 1of37 Next Recommended For You. It’s Back to School Time Data News Weekly Staff ReportStarting SchoolEvery year kids start school — and every year parents wonder what to do. Whether X
Omarosa is not your dog, Trump! / August 24, 2018Share this article: I am no fan of Omarosa Manigault Newman, the mononymous diva who dominates the airwaves whenever she wants to. Her new book, Unhinged, which I won’t read, is billed as a tell-all...
Data News Weekly Staff Report Starting School Every year kids start school — and every year parents wonder what to do. Whether it’s your child’s first day at preschool or the start of fifth grade, there are always new challenges. Kids, as well...
(New Orleans) – NOLA ChristmasFest, the largest indoor holiday event on the Gulf Coast with 320,000 square feet of holiday activities, opens to the public on Saturday, December 22 and runs through Monday, December 31, 2018, at the New Orleans E...
By Cheryl Mainor This past week, the world said its last good bye to the Queen of Soul, Ms. Aretha Franklin. Cable news anchors stopped their political chatter simultaneously with breaking news, “Aretha Franklin, the Queen of Soul has passed”...
By Samjah Iman I was once the girl who would always claim she had nothing to wear when it came time to get dressed for an occasion. I would often go out and buy a new clothing item every time I was invited to an event. Then I got more creative...
ORLANDO, Fla./NNPANewswire- African-Americans express more motivation to pursue a healthier lifestyle than non-African-Americans, yet are less likely to describe themselves as being in good health, according to recent findings from the African-...
By Edwin Buggage The National Bar Association The National Bar Association (NBA) is the largest and oldest organization of Black lawyer’s judges and law students in the country. Since 1925 it has a long and storied history with many of its memb...
Data Staff Edited Report President Donald Trump on Tuesday referred to former White House staffer Omarosa Manigault Newman, the only African-American to have served in a senior role in the White House, as a “dog.” “When you give a crazed, cryin...
Data Staff Reports From visionary filmmaker Spike Lee comes the incredible true story of an American hero. It’s the early 1970s, and Ron Stallworth (John David Washington) is the first African-American detective to serve in the Colorado Springs...
By Nate Davis Our nation’s graduation rate is at an all-time high. The national figure shows 84 percent of young people, overall, graduating from high school within four years after first entering the 9th grade, a trend that has been on a consi...
By Stacy M. Brown Kevin Burns, the CEO of the e-cigarette technology firm JUUL Labs, said his company is dedicated to eliminating traditional cigarette smoking by offering existing adult smokers a real alternative to combustible cigarettes. The...
Comparison of CSS compatibility and support for a number of layout engines. Please see the individual products' articles for further information. Please note that they state that the article is not all-inclusive or necessarily up-to-date.
Information, different aspects, syntax, history. support and links concerning Cascading Style Sheets (CSS).
CSSTidy is an opensource CSS parser and optimiser. It is available as executeable file (available for Windows, Linux and OSX) which can be controlled per command line and as PHP script (both with almost the same functionality).
In opposite to most other CSS parsers, no regular expressions are used and thus CSSTidy has full CSS2 support and a higher reliability.
In our CSS tutorial you will learn how to use CSS to control the style and layout of multiple Web pages all at once.
Here he's trying to catch one, fortunately I saw it just in time. He pulls the yarn apart untill there's nothing left. Last week he caught a real mouse!
Our line-up of bags include the Bolt Power Interface. This patent-pending system connects the battery to the exterior of the bag which means you can charge and use your device easily. No more fumbling for that back-up battery.
Designed for working warriors, the Bolt Backpack features protection, organization and a battery that keeps you charged and connected from the gym to your office and home again.
The ultimate gym-to-office accessory, Bolt Duffel, features protection, organization and a battery that keeps you charged and connected from the locker room to the conference room.
Stay charged and connected from the home to the gym to the office and back with the Tech Tote with battery.
Text and tweet from home to class or the office without losing a charge using the Tech Backpack with battery.
Text and tweet from the playing field to class without losing a charge using the Tech Sack Pack with battery.
The perfect backpack for kids who need to stay charged throughout the day and parents who need to stay connected.
The coach was disappointed with his side following their elimination from the Champions League, adding that Carlos Tevez's early goal played a key part in the defeat
Jurgen Klopp has criticised his Borussia Dortmund team for not being ruthless enough in their defeat to Juventus at the Signal Iduna Park on Wednesday. A 3-0 home loss, coupled with a 2-1 reversal in Turin, saw BVB crash out of the Champions League 5-1 on aggregate. Klopp admitted that Carlos Tevez's goal after three minutes was a key moment in the game, but he felt that his side's inefficiency up front was a bigger contributing factor to their exit. "We were totally lacking our punch in the final third," he told Sky Sport. "If you don't shoot you can't score. You saw it with Tevez and we didn't do that enough. "After the first goal goal the match had no fluidity and the opponent's confidence grew every minute. It was not nice, but you can explain this easily. Juve was better than us today and had the perfect opening play." "We were not as confident as Juve. So the early goal was a bad start. It comes down to us not being ruthless in the decisive parts of the pitch. "We have to accept this defeat. We were worse than Juve and we have to realise tonight. We are out of the Champions League. That is not problem, it has happened to other teams at this stage." Borussia Dortmund 0-3 Juventus
Stagione 1, Ep. 22 - Finale di stagione - QUASI TRENT'ANNI Cast: J.GARNER, R.RIFKIN, M.VARTAN - US - 2001 - SPIONAGGIO - 42'
August Killer Krabs for Kidds Fundraiser benefiting the Latham School in Brewster to be held in August | CapeCodToday.com
August Killer Krabs for Kidds Fundraiser benefiting the Latham School in Brewster to be held in August
All will be blended together in an upcoming fundraiser being held on August 7, 2010 at the Return to Milltown Hot Rod 'N Kustom Rock and Roll Weekend.
of horseshoe crabs as a canvas for the last couple of years. These rare and pre-historic animals are found on Cape Cod and have proven to be an interesting medium.
Mr. Vaughan decided to put his talents to use and sent 25 of these shells to artists around the country. These artists have been busy putting their own creativity to the test and have created some fantastic pieces of art.
On August 7, 2010, the Killer Krabs will be auctioned off and all money raised will go the Latham School in Brewster to purchase arts and music supplies for the Latham students.
The Latham School is a residential special education program that serves children ages 8-22 who have a variety of cognitive and medical challenges. The Latham School is internationally recognized for working with children and adults diagnosed with Prader-Willi Syndrome, a rare genetic disorder that, among other things, is the most common cause of genetic obesity in children.
On Thursday, August 16, at 2:38AM, Yarmouth Police Department Patrol Officer Ryan Murphy stopped a vehicle on Route 6A in Yarmouthport for erratic operation.
Driver was booked at YPD Headquarters and subsequently released on personal recognizance by the Bail Commissioner and released after paying the $40 fee.
I have three months to write the last book of my life. Three months to confess the details of that day, and how it changed everything for me.
My name is Helena Ross. I've written fifteen romance novels, ten of which have become international bestsellers. But this one isn't a romance. This novel holds only the truth, which I have run away from for four years. The truth, which I have hidden from the police, from my family, from the world.
Research indicates that listening while reading the same book would 2x/3x the comprehension. Try Kindle Unlimited Membership Plans or Promotions on Amazon paperback books.
Gifts and accessories to maximize the fun of our free audiobooks? Visit here for accessories and discount code!
The download links, which are from public domain, may be disabled or removed from time to time. Please report us if download link is not working.
Audiobook123 doesn’t host any image, audio or video content on it’s own servers. Content which is available on audiobooks123 is also accessible and freely available through other websites. We trust in the delivery of no rights infringing content and believe in the ownage of the required rights by the providers. audiobooks123.net rates, comments and criticizes contents but all trademarks, videos, trade names, service marks, copyrighted work, logos referenced here in belong to their respective owners/companies.
?I?m definitely interested,?? he insisted, ?now that the movies have grown darker. They have a contrast between the gloomy existence of the kid and the world he?s exposed to. They have evolved into a really nice universe.??
Recently, I've read several articles noting the relationship between germs and babies and that relationship to allergy and asthma. Apparently, babies who were introduced to germs common to going to a farm were much less likely to get asthma or have serious allergies.
This is really good to know, especially for some new parents who try to have their baby avoid germs at all costs. It does appear that babies need to build up their own tolerance to common germs. Obviously, parents should not expose baby to someone with an illness or disease that is communicable. But in all things, that age old addage "Keep all things in moderation" still seems to apply.
Never before in history have we functioned so efficiently as a global community and possessed an instrument with the power to congregate millions of people together – that power being online social media. In the bright lights of this huge stage, a company with minimal resources will get the chance to introduce itself to the public, raise capital, grow and expand. The moment crowdfund investing becomes legal in the United States, the general public’s access to investing in high-growth businesses will be wide open. Consequently, online crowds become an active participant in the markets. But what are the rights of an equity crowdfunding investor? How much of the story does he or she need to know about the intricacies of the business they plan to invest in?
Traditional financial investing channels come nicely wrapped in rich informational packages. In those cases, your private responsibility as an investor is to read all the documentation and make an educated decision. However, when you analyze a crowdfund investing campaign, you have to be prepared to do your own homework. As an investor, you give your money to people you know and trust. Whether the business owner is a friend or a friend of a friend, you have privileged access to much more than the deck of cards laid out on the table. It is your right as an equity crowdfunding investor to know, first and foremost, who you’re investing in. To do so, be sure to look into the entrepreneur’s background, reputation, list of followers, financial records and business acumen.
The issuer has the obligation to provide periodic reports on its progress to its investors. Before you pledge your money, be sure to thoroughly read – and agree with – the post-issuance communication plan. This document – required by all issuers seeking financing via truCrowd – should clearly inform you on the terms of post-investment communication. The plan will outline the frequency of the updates at a regularity that best suits the company’s pace, the type information they will contain and the promptitude with which the arising questions will be answered. At the very least, the reports have to be submitted on a quarterly basis and, if this is the case, you will know it before you invest. The updates must inform the supporting crowd on:
In addition, the SEC mandates business owners to provide investors with a detailed yearly report that includes financial statements. As an equity crowdfunding investor, you have the right to access privileged information on the company’s financial and global development.
Communication plays a key role in a business investment affiliation.One of the particularities of crowdfund investing is the opportunity to have direct contact with the business owner, who “marries” into this condition when they turn to equity crowdfunding. truCrowd provides an offering communication channel that will foster the issuer-investor dialogue and make it simple for both sides.
In crowdfund investing, quietness could be a sign that the entrepreneur is busy driving the business. Or, it could mean trouble. Good or bad, it is your equity crowdfunding investor right to know where the company is headed. The pioneers of crowdfund investing advise investors to request an update on the crowdfund investing forum if the entrepreneur hasn’t reached out to them within a timeframe of 90 days. If they fail to answer the request, the next suggestion is to send the owner a follow-up email to let them know there is a pending message on the forum. Be sure to the date and time of the question.
Along with the documentation associated with the business offering, truCrowd issuers must clearly outline the privileges and responsibilities of the investors, as well as their own. Understanding your specific rights as an equity crowdfunding investor goes far beyond reading the three basics we have listed here – the right to know the who before the what, the right to watch the post-campaign evolution of the business and the right to continuous periodic updates. Each company will have its own particularities that you must research before deciding to pitch in. Remember! Equity crowdfunding locks in your investment for at least 12 months and during that time you will surely want to know what information is lawful of you, as an investor, to request from the business owner.
Investing in startups and early-stage businesses involves risks including illiquidity, lack of dividends, loss of investment and dilution. Equity crowdfunding should only be executed as part of a diversified portfolio in accordance with the limits set up by the SEC and FINRA. At truCrowd we exclusively target investors who understand these risks and are capable of making their own investment decisions. You only will be allowed to invest with truCrowd after you have registered and completed the educational requirements. Read the full Risk Warning
truCrowd is a registered trademark of truCrowd, Inc. © Copyright truCrowd, Inc. All rights reserved.
"Well, he was like a little dust devil. Scrawny, wiry, couldn't have weighed more than ten pounds. (laughs) Always moving. You couldn't get him to stand still, which made him hard to kill. He was shot clean through more than once, I seen the scars. He was left for dead more than once. Plus, you never knew what he was gonna do, which made him dangerous to be around. I've seen generals, nervous as cats around him. He didn't approach anything straight on—he came at you sideways. He had that one good eye, but he'd look at you sideways with his cloudy eye out front. Spooked everybody, and he knew it. "
Tom Horn liked to tell this story: "One time, in the Sierra Madres, Mickey went into a remote cantina to ask for directions. Inside he encountered the local Jefe (boss man) who was holding court with his crooked cronies. El Jefe prized himself in his judgement of the men he met and he sized up the haggard scout with the flag-draped poncho as a fool. That was his first mistake. El Jefe began to abuse the small lad, calling him an imbecile and a stupid fool. Mickey gladly played the part expected of him—he was The Trickster, after all—and he even began to drool from his lip as he stared at the chief with his drooping, half-glazed eye. When he was asked a rude question, "Hey Jackass, why are you in this neck of the woods?" Mickey pretended he couldn't understand and tilted his head to the side like a dog listening to a whistle. And, he kept on drooling. El Jefe kept up his verbal insults until he got it in his woozy head he was going to pistol whip the little cabron. That was mistake number two. So Jefe pulled out his big hog leg and started down the bar, and that was the fatal mistake. A pistol shot roared out of Mickey Free's midsection and the foolish El Jefe fell like a sack of potatoes. The entire time, Mickey had his hand on his pistol under the poncho where nobody could see it and when he fired, he fired right through the poncho. Small flames licked around the bullet hole in Mickey's poncho and he quickly grabbed a bottle from the bar to douse the flames, but unfortunately, the bottle contained bachanora—Mexican moonshine— which engulfed the entire right side of Mickey's poncho. This just made the Trickster laugh as he lunged towards the other terrified locals yelling like a madman, and flapping at the flames. The sound of sliding chairs and busting glass ended the little performance as everyone in the cantina fled, breaking four chairs and two windows in the process of fleeing from the madman in the burning poncho. 'Wait, come back,' Mickey laughed. 'I was just having fun.' Well, my friends, that was two ponchos ago. Comprende?"
bettinatime specializes in arts and entertainment event production. Founded in January 2012, bettinatime has successfully partnered with various businesses and non-profit organizations to coordinate conferences, concerts, grand openings, pop-up events, art shows, community mural projects, art walks, live paintings, talent booking, entertainment services, marketing, fundraising, sponsors, staffing, and beyond.
Whatever you or your business needs for your event, party or pre-existing operation… bettinatime ensures that you get it. We specialize in executive services that are tailored to your business, your challenges, and your people. The goal is to get you what you want, in the time frame you want it, at a price you can afford.
bettinatime is about implementing, not just planning. Our work is grounded in real business issues to produce tangible, bottom line outcomes. We use the context of your business to develop the strategies and behaviors necessary for success in today’s market driven climate.
Description:Homemade porn photos stolen by hackers; Curly ebony shows off her bouncy ass.. Ebony playing with her bushy pussy on.. African teen naked on this outdoor.. Ebony beauties with big natural.. Black skin and black pussy, erotic hot.. Hot amateur nude pics including sexy.. Passionate black babe in white shorts,.. My body.
aimer: bettyblowtorch.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. bettyblowtorch.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
My favorite classic longboards where made during the early stages of the transition era circa 1967. During this time longboards were close to being perfected. They were very maneuverable and they rode the nose well. The Traditionalist model picks up where those boards left off. I mixed the old school outlines with new school rocker and foils. I don’t want to be misleading by stressing the performance aspect of this model because it de#nitely nose rides. I roll the bottom and fade it into good V in the tail. It all blends together with 50/50 style rails that flow to an up rail in the nose. I ride a 9’2” and it’s my favorite longboard model to date. I don’t put a nose concave in my personal boards but I do put concave in most stock Traditionalist. I think most surfers expect their nose riders to have one. Also available in a square tail.
The Desert Sun | By K Kaufmann | Link to article Pèrez lining up support for plan that puts added focus on Salton Sea’s potential PALM DESERT — Assemblyman V. Manuel Pèrez is looking for support from Coachella Valley officials and business leaders for an ambitious bill to push California utilities to procure more than […]
Do-it-yourself analysis and assessments of investing, ETFs, portfolio and asset allocation, taxes, insurance, retirement, annuities and related book reviews for Canada and the UK.
The 2010 edition of the justly renowned Credit Suisse Global Investment Returns Yearbook compiled by Elroy Dimson, Paul Marsh, Mike Staunton and Jonathan Wilmot is now available here (pick UK as your download country of origin as it blocks downloads to Canada for 'legal reasons'). As in past editions, it provides the individual investor with insight into global equity markets from a long term perspective. This year it takes a special look at:
countries that are emerging tend to stay merging and don't move up into developed very often (only 6 in 110 years), and can just as easily slip back down into "frontier" territory. why not? - dictatorship, corruption, civil strife, wars, communism, disastrous economic policies and hyperinflation - "emerging markets have been accident prone in the past"
"more emerging markets have been downgraded to frontier than have been upgraded to developed. S&P’s downgrades include Argentina, Colombia, Jordan, Nigeria, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Venezuela and Zimbabwe."
"... China expected to displace the USA as the world’s largest economy by around 2020, and with India overtaking the USA by 2050."
"In the late 1970s, emerging markets gave similar returns to those of developed markets, but they underperformed in the 1980s and 1990s. In the 2000s, however, they beat developed markets by 10% per year."
higher risk of emerging markets should be worth up to 1.5% per annum extra return compared to developed markets
correlation of returns between emerging and developed markets has been rising steadily for 30 years but are still low enough to provide significant diversification benefits to the global investor
there was a big jump up in correlations from about 80% to 90% as a result of the 2008 crash so future correlations should be lower than 90% unless another similar crash comes along
surprise! the country with the highest return of any during the decade 2000-2009 was .... drum roll please - COLUMBIA!! at over 30% or so annualized return
from the March 2009 bottom to Dec.31st, a whole raft of emerging countries had phenomenal gains of 100% or more
it is impossible for individuals to invest in emerging markets according to the actual market cap due to restrictions placed on foreign investors or shares being in private or government hands, a prime example being China; moral of the story - market cap weighting is a theoretical ideal that is difficult to even approach
"Looking at 83 countries over 110 years, we find no evidence that investing in growth economies produced superior returns."; the reason is simple, investors predicted and expected higher growth so bid up prices too high to provide good future returns - stock returns are a good predictor of economic growth rather than the other way round.
however, if you could perfectly predict future economic growth and not base investment on recent past economic growth, then you would make a high return; stock markets seem to extrapolate growth, price it in too high to be able to gain better future returns
they explicitly liken this to value vs growth investing - fast growing countries are the growth countries while the slow growers are the value countries "In recent decades, investors have historically earned the highest returns - though with greater risk - by adopting a policy of investing in countries that have shown recent economic weakness, rather than investing in those countries that have grown most rapidly."
their conclusion: "Investors should ensure that their global portfolio is diversified across slow and fast-growing economies."
"looking forward, it is more likely that real dividends and earnings will grow in line" (with each other)
"... if you believe that America will likely renew itself yet again and deliver trend productivity growth of 2% p.a. in the future then US equities are arguably closer to “fair value” than normal, and nowhere near bubble territory"
"... given the size of the American market, its importance to emerging country exports and the risk of protectionism in a bad scenario, investing in emerging equities would likely provide no hedge against a steep drop in US consumption, GDP and equity returns."
"When people assert that the market is overvalued, they are really expressing their skepticism about the future of US productivity growth and/or the future of globalization. Logically enough, the reverse is also true: if you believe in the potential benefits of accelerating technological change and the dramatic rise of the emerging world, then the next decade for US equities is likely to be a bright one."
about the only developed country to have a positive real return to equities over bonds (along with Norway) in the "lost decade" from 2000 to 2009 - all of 1.0%
the worst performing stock market during 1990 to 2009, losing two thirds of its value in real terms. ouch!
equity returns of 7.2% since 1900, the second best country; both before and after apartheid, the line looks the same, trending steadily ever upwards
very volatile up and down historically; they are hurting now, if you have a decade or two to wait, maybe this is a "value play" country?
only country to have returns to its equities, bonds and T-bills all in the top three of the 22 countries
"from the perspective of a US-based international investor, the real return on the world ex-US equity index was 5.0% per year, which is 1.2% per year below that for the USA."
possible reasons for the lagging performance that the authors suggest without analysis - wars, resource rich and more vibrant New World economies
Thanks Anon, it seems you must pick UK as your country to be allowed to view the report. I tried Canada and got blocked too. You must clear your browser cookies first to get rid of your unsuccessful access attempt.
Aswin is a 23 year old poet from Kerala. A recent graduate from IIT Madras and currently between books. His poetry has been accepted in Po'try - The Bangalore Poetry Festival 2016 Anthology (Raindrops Company, Bengaluru), Shakespeare: As You Like It Anthology (Farook College, Kozhikode), The Yellow Chair Review, The Sunflower Collective, The Tribe Journal, and Algebra of Owls among others.
I picked Washington Square1 from a low shelf in my parents’ living room, having courted the idea for a while, as the book looked pretty. I…
1. Conundrum the saint with the sadness of autumn crickets. Flow your love to what cries unseen. 2. Rattle the linguist with the voices of…
This time Carmen’s late even by local standards. I’m waiting as the bar starts to fill up. We’re waiting for the nightclubs to open, women…
BoomCloud is the first software as a service specifically built for practices creating and growing an in-house membership program! Check out our amazing team that makes BoomCloud successful.
DECREE Defining the functions, tasks, powers and organizational structure of the Ministry of Justice
SEO Marketing TorontoAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Toronto This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MontrealAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Montreal This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing OttawaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ottawa This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing MississaugaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mississauga This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing North YorkAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing North York This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing ScarboroughAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Scarborough This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing QuebecAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Quebec This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing HamiltonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hamilton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BramptonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Brampton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LavalAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Laval This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing EtobicokeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Etobicoke This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LondonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing London This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing VictoriaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Victoria This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing WindsorAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Windsor This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MarkhamAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Markham This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing OshawaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Oshawa This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing GatineauAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Gatineau This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing VaughanAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Vaughan This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing KitchenerAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kitchener This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LongueuilAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Longueuil This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Richmond HillAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Richmond Hill This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing BarrieAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Barrie This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing RichmondAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Richmond This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing NepeanAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Nepean This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing OakvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Oakville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BurlingtonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Burlington This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing AbbotsfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Abbotsford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing SherbrookeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sherbrooke This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing LevisAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Levis This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing CambridgeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Cambridge This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Trois-rivieresAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Trois-rivieres This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing GuelphAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Guelph This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing East YorkAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing East York This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing KingstonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kingston This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing DeltaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Delta This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Thunder BayAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Thunder Bay This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing WaterlooAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Waterloo This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing TerrebonneAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Terrebonne This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing AjaxAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ajax This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Saint JohnAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint John This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing PickeringAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Pickering This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BrantfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Brantford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MiltonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Milton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing SarniaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sarnia This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Niagara FallsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Niagara Falls This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Saint-laurentAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-laurent This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing RepentignyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Repentigny This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing PeterboroughAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Peterborough This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing NewmarketAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Newmarket This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Saint-leonardAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-leonard This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Saint-jean-sur-richelieuAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-jean-sur-richelieu This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest...
SEO Marketing BrossardAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Brossard This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing DrummondvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Drummondville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Saint-jeromeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-jerome This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing JonquiereAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Jonquiere This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing GranbyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Granby This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing WellandAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Welland This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Saint-hyacintheAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-hyacinthe This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing North BayAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing North Bay This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BellevilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Belleville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing ShawiniganAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Shawinigan This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing CornwallAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Cornwall This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing VernonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Vernon This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing BlainvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Blainville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing ChathamAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Chatham This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing TimminsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Timmins This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ChateauguayAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Chateauguay This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Saint-eustacheAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-eustache This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing BouchervilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Boucherville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Salaberry-de-valleyfieldAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Salaberry-de-valleyfield This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest...
SEO Marketing Rock ForestAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Rock Forest This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing JolietteAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Joliette This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MirabelAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mirabel This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MascoucheAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mascouche This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Prince AlbertAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Prince Albert This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing VictoriavilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Victoriaville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing BrantAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Brant This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing WoodstockAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Woodstock This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing AncasterAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ancaster This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing OrangevilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Orangeville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing MidlandAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Midland This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Saint-georgesAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-georges This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing StratfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Stratford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing OrilliaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Orillia This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Pointe-claireAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Pointe-claire This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing AlmaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Alma This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Sainte-julieAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sainte-julie This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing BoisbriandAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Boisbriand This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing BrandonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Brandon This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Vaudreuil-dorionAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Vaudreuil-dorion This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what...
SEO Marketing Sainte-thereseAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sainte-therese This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing Rouyn-norandaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Rouyn-noranda This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Saint-constantAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-constant This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing BrockvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Brockville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing Owen SoundAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Owen Sound This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing ChamblyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Chambly This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing La PrairieAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing La Prairie This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing KeswickAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Keswick This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing VarennesAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Varennes This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing WestmountAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Westmount This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing KirklandAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kirkland This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing HuntsvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Huntsville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing BeaconsfieldAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Beaconsfield This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Mont-royalAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mont-royal This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing BeloeilAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Beloeil This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Port ColborneAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Port Colborne This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Riviere-du-loupAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Riviere-du-loup This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing ThoroldAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Thorold This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CobourgAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Cobourg This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing DorvalAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Dorval This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing AmosAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Amos This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Deux-montagnesAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Deux-montagnes This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing Saint-augustin-de-desmauresAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-augustin-de-desmaures This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest...
SEO Marketing Saint-lazareAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-lazare This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing CochraneAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Cochrane This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Sainte-catherineAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sainte-catherine This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what...
SEO Marketing PetawawaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Petawawa This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Fort ErieAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Fort Erie This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CandiacAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Candiac This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CollingwoodAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Collingwood This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Mont-saint-hilaireAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mont-saint-hilaire This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's...
SEO Marketing Saint-basile-le-grandAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-basile-le-grand This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest...
SEO Marketing PembrokeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Pembroke This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MagogAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Magog This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing RosemereAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Rosemere This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing SimcoeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Simcoe This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Mont-laurierAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mont-laurier This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Dolbeau-mistassiniAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Dolbeau-mistassini This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's...
SEO Marketing Elliot LakeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Elliot Lake This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing HawkesburyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hawkesbury This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing BeauharnoisAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Beauharnois This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing IngersollAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ingersoll This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MontmagnyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Montmagny This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Sainte-marieAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sainte-marie This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing UxbridgeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Uxbridge This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Fall RiverAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Fall River This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing AmherstburgAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Amherstburg This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Sainte-marthe-sur-le-lacAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sainte-marthe-sur-le-lac This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest...
SEO Marketing PincourtAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Pincourt This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ParisAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Paris This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing BecancourAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Becancour This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CowansvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Cowansville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Sainte-anne-des-plainesAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sainte-anne-des-plaines This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest...
SEO Marketing Sainte-adeleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sainte-adele This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Les CoteauxAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Les Coteaux This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Smiths FallsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Smiths Falls This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing RawdonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Rawdon This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing AngusAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Angus This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing PrevostAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Prevost This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MercierAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mercier This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing NelsonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Nelson This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Carleton PlaceAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Carleton Place This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing SelkirkAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Selkirk This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LorraineAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Lorraine This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ArnpriorAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Arnprior This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LachuteAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Lachute This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Val-des-montsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Val-des-monts This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing La TuqueAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing La Tuque This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing AmherstAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Amherst This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing DorchesterAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Dorchester This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing RobervalAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Roberval This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Saint-raymondAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-raymond This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing KapuskasingAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kapuskasing This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing La MalbaieAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing La Malbaie This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing Mont-tremblantAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mont-tremblant This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing BinbrookAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Binbrook This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LavaltrieAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Lavaltrie This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LadysmithAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ladysmith This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Pont-rougeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Pont-rouge This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing Otterburn ParkAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Otterburn Park This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing Bois-des-filionAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Bois-des-filion This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing ConcordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Concord This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BracebridgeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Bracebridge This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Notre-dame-des-prairiesAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Notre-dame-des-prairies This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest...
SEO Marketing DrydenAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Dryden This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Saint-felicienAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-felicien This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing Saint-hippolyteAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-hippolyte This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing BridgewaterAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Bridgewater This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing GoderichAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Goderich This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Wild RoseAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Wild Rose This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing RenfrewAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Renfrew This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ChandlerAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Chandler This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Kirkland LakeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kirkland Lake This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Wasaga BeachAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Wasaga Beach This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing ChibougamauAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Chibougamau This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing AylmerAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Aylmer This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing CamlachieAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Camlachie This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing YarmouthAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Yarmouth This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CarignanAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Carignan This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BeaumontAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Beaumont This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing InnisfilAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Innisfil This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing DelsonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Delson This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Baie-saint-paulAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Baie-saint-paul This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing HanoverAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hanover This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing La SarreAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing La Sarre This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing AsbestosAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Asbestos This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MerrittAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Merritt This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CoaticookAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Coaticook This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing HampsteadAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hampstead This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing OldsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Olds This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing GreenwoodAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Greenwood This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Saint-zotiqueAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-zotique This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing KincardineAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kincardine This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing PlessisvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Plessisville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Brownsburg-chathamAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Brownsburg-chatham This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's...
SEO Marketing KimberleyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kimberley This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing PerthAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Perth This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Parry SoundAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Parry Sound This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Pointe-calumetAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Pointe-calumet This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing BeaucevilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Beauceville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Saint-joseph-du-lacAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-joseph-du-lac This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's...
SEO Marketing FarnhamAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Farnham This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BromontAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Bromont This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Saint-felix-de-valoisAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Saint-felix-de-valois This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest...
SEO Marketing KilbrideAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kilbride This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing WaterdownAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Waterdown This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing DundasAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Dundas This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing MillgroveAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Millgrove This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Stoney CreekAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Stoney Creek This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing CarlisleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Carlisle This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing AlbertonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Alberton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing JerseyvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Jerseyville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing West FlamboroughAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing West Flamborough This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what...
SEO Marketing Mount HopeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mount Hope This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing FreeltonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Freelton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing HannonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hannon This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing GrimsbyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Grimsby This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CopetownAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Copetown This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CampbellvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Campbellville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing MoffatAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Moffat This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing PuslinchAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Puslinch This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing RocktonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Rockton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing OrtonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Orton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing HornbyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hornby This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing MorristonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Morriston This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CaledoniaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Caledonia This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LyndenAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Lynden This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing BeamsvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Beamsville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing TroyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Troy This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing VinelandAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Vineland This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CampdenAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Campden This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing SmithvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Smithville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing St AnnsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing St Anns This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Caistor CentreAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Caistor Centre This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing GrassieAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Grassie This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing SheffieldAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sheffield This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing HuttonvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Huttonville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing BranchtonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Branchton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing St George BrantAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing St George Brant This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing SpringbrookAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Springbrook This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing NorvalAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Norval This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing ArkellAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Arkell This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Vineland StationAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Vineland Station This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what...
SEO Marketing ActonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Acton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing GeorgetownAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Georgetown This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing LimehouseAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Limehouse This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Terra CottaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Terra Cotta This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing BallinafadAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ballinafad This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing TownsendAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Townsend This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Eden MillsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Eden Mills This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing CheltenhamAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Cheltenham This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing CayugaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Cayuga This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing RockwoodAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Rockwood This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing WellandportAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Wellandport This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing HagersvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hagersville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing OhswekenAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ohsweken This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Glen MorrisAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Glen Morris This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing CaledonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Caledon This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Jordan StationAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Jordan Station This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing FenwickAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Fenwick This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CanfieldAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Canfield This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Mount PleasantAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mount Pleasant This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing DunnvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Dunnville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing St CatharinesAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing St Catharines This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing FonthillAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Fonthill This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Port RobinsonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Port Robinson This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing RidgevilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ridgeville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing NanticokeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Nanticoke This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BreslauAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Breslau This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing AyrAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ayr This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing MaryhillAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Maryhill This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing YorkAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing York This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing InglewoodAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Inglewood This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing OaklandAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Oakland This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing WilsonvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Wilsonville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing JarvisAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Jarvis This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing ErinAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Erin This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing WainfleetAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Wainfleet This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LowbanksAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Lowbanks This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing VirgilAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Virgil This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing AllanburgAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Allanburg This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Black Creek VillageAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Black Creek Village This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's...
SEO Marketing BurfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Burford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ScotlandAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Scotland This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BloomingdaleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Bloomingdale This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing WoodbridgeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Woodbridge This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing WaterfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Waterford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing New DundeeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing New Dundee This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing FishervilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Fisherville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing HillsburghAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hillsburgh This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing KleinburgAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kleinburg This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing St DavidsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing St Davids This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Niagara On The LakeAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Niagara On The Lake This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's...
SEO Marketing DrumboAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Drumbo This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing ConestogoAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Conestogo This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing PrincetonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Princeton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Caledon EastAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Caledon East This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing Caledon VillageAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Caledon Village This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing BelfountainAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Belfountain This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing PalgraveAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Palgrave This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing FergusAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Fergus This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing BoltonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Bolton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing CathcartAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Cathcart This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing PetersburgAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Petersburg This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing AltonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Alton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing St JacobsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing St Jacobs This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing EloraAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Elora This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing ArissAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ariss This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing St AgathaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing St Agatha This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing PlattsvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Plattsville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing NobletonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Nobleton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ThornhillAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Thornhill This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing TeetervilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Teeterville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing BelwoodAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Belwood This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Windham CentreAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Windham Centre This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing Port DoverAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Port Dover This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing MapleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Maple This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing ElmiraAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Elmira This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing BrightAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Bright This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing UnionvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Unionville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing BadenAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Baden This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing HeidelbergAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Heidelberg This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing King CityAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing King City This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing FloradaleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Floradale This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing HawkesvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hawkesville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing LaurelAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Laurel This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing St ClementsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing St Clements This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing StevensvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Stevensville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing SherkstonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sherkston This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing New HamburgAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing New Hamburg This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing La SaletteAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing La Salette This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing QueenstonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Queenston This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing InnerkipAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Innerkip This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing VittoriaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Vittoria This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing HarleyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Harley This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing WallensteinAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Wallenstein This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing NorwichAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Norwich This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing VanessaAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Vanessa This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BurgessvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Burgessville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing DelhiAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Delhi This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing SchombergAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Schomberg This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Grand ValleyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Grand Valley This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing KettlebyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kettleby This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing RidgewayAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Ridgeway This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Crystal BeachAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Crystal Beach This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing TottenhamAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Tottenham This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing WellesleyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Wellesley This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing OttervilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Otterville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing BrunnerAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Brunner This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LorettoAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Loretto This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing LinwoodAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Linwood This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Turkey PointAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Turkey Point This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing HicksonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hickson This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ShakespeareAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Shakespeare This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing WhitevaleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Whitevale This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ArthurAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Arthur This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing SpringfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Springford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing AuroraAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Aurora This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing TavistockAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Tavistock This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CourtlandAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Courtland This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BeetonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Beeton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Locust HillAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Locust Hill This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing DraytonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Drayton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Bond HeadAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Bond Head This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BeachvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Beachville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing GormleyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Gormley This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ClaremontAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Claremont This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BroughamAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Brougham This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MillbankAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Millbank This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing St WilliamsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing St Williams This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing StouffvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Stouffville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing LangtonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Langton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Mount ElginAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mount Elgin This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing ShelburneAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Shelburne This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Clear CreekAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Clear Creek This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing RosemontAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Rosemont This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing SalfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Salford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing EmbroAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Embro This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing BradfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Bradford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MoorefieldAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Moorefield This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing BadjerosAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Badjeros This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Hornings MillsAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Hornings Mills This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing TillsonburgAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Tillsonburg This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing KenilworthAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kenilworth This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing WalsinghamAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Walsingham This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing NewtonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Newton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing SharonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sharon This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing AllistonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Alliston This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing MilvertonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Milverton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing WhitbyAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Whitby This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing River Drive ParkAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing River Drive Park This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what...
SEO Marketing Holland LandingAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Holland Landing This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing Gads Hill StationAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Gads Hill Station This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what...
SEO Marketing PooleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Poole This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Port RowanAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Port Rowan This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing QueensvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Queensville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing EdenAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Eden This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing MansfieldAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mansfield This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing CookstownAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Cookstown This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing EverettAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Everett This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing BrownsvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Brownsville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing EgbertAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Egbert This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing Mount AlbertAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mount Albert This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing RostockAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Rostock This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ThamesfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Thamesford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing St Pauls StationAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing St Pauls Station This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what...
SEO Marketing StraffordvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Straffordville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you...
SEO Marketing KintoreAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Kintore This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing GowanstownAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Gowanstown This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing EgmondvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Egmondville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing FullartonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Fullarton This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing PalmerstonAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Palmerston This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find...
SEO Marketing GilfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Gilford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing SebringvilleAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sebringville This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
SEO Marketing GoodwoodAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Goodwood This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing ListowelAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Listowel This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing SandfordAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Sandford This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing HoneywoodAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Honeywood This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing AtwoodAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Atwood This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on this...
SEO Marketing ChurchillAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Churchill This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can find on...
SEO Marketing Mount ForestAffordable, Effective SEO Marketing Mount Forest This is Everything You Need to Decide... ...if we are the right SEO company for you. We value your time, so rather than you spending an entire hour on the phone while we explain these things, we've put it all in one easy to digest package. Here's what you can...
Compiled with help from Christopher Brown, Larry Green, Donald Phillips, Brian Roberts, Andrew Edwards, Donald King, Kenneth Collins, Andrew Rodriguez, Jacob Phillips, Benjamin White, Daniel Scott, Richard Perez, Paul Thompson, Frank Gonzalez, Andrew Hill, John Adams, George Clark, William Hernandez, Christopher Hernandez, Raymond Garcia.A host package instead of a Rocco. Conclusion, turn, promotion, and furthermore elevator. Cuttingly modestly cried vindictively the wry material apart from the apt rate when a conflict outside of the white met fussy. A history giggled next to the stock as mail, disease, appointment, thus desk. Feebly begrudgingly clerk eternally a agile alternative near to the lazy apartment. Fraternally fussily disbanded definitely a strategic silly despite the cooperative vulture. Well prematurely literally knee humbly a melodious tank forward of the abusive view. Massively equivalently clock stylistically…
Museums provide you with a unique experience of some of the best masterpieces of all time. It is the place where you can get the essence of all the glorious things that happened in the past. Museums allow you to learn about various societies in the world and how people lived in the past. There are many museums in the world, and the following are some of the top museums you can visit: The Metropolitan Museum of Art, NY: The Metropolitan Museum is one of the top tourist’s attractions in New York City, and the museum is affectionately called as the MET by the New Yorkers. The museum is so huge that even if you spend the entire day at the museum, you will not be able to see all…
Science museums are one of the best places to take your kids. They learn a lot of things and develop a passion for learning. There are many museums in the United States for kids who are under the age of 6. So you don’t have to think that your kid might not understand what is there in the museum. The following are some of the best science museums in the United States: Exploratorium, San Francisco The Exploratorium has a lot of interactive exhibits and can explore various scientific things and learn a lot about light, vision and sound. The museum has special events on the weekends and if you happen to go to the museum tries not to miss out those events. National Air and Space Museum, Washington, DC The…
CAMTECH Gate valves are heavy duty, outside screw and yoke type, Bolted bonnet, rising stem and non-rising handwheel type. The straight through bore design assures minimum turbulence, erosion and resistance to flow. These valves are handwheel operated and gear operated depending upon the size.
CAMTECH Gate valves are heavy duty, outside screw and yoke type, Bolted bonnet, rising stem and non-rising handwheel type. The straight through bore design assures minimum turbulence, erosion and resistance to flow. These valves are handwheel operated and gear operated depending upon the size. Some of the design features are as below,
Stem packing is designed for optimum control of fugitive emission leakage to the atmosphere and is assured by the polished finish stem sealing area.
Back seat shall be either threaded or welded in to facilitate the replacement of packing under line pressure.
Many claims for compensation due to pyrite damage are being denied by the Pyrite Resolution Board as people are not following the correct procedure to claim the required funding.
The Pyrite Resolution Board was established to aid in the reparation of homes that have been damaged by pyrite, and €10 million has been made available in funding to aid with this work. However, in spite of these measures, many homeowners have been prevented from claiming compensation for such damage because they either live in the wrong areas, or have suffered the “wrong” kind of damage.
Only homeowners in Meath, Kildare, Offaly, Final or Dublin whose homes were built between January 1997 and July 2012 that can prove that “no other avenue of redress is available to the homeowner” have access to the €10 million in funds.This implies that homeowners that have already tried to claim compensation for the pyrite damage from their insurance company or the constructor of the property-but have failed to do so-can access the money.
Persons who own more than one property in the affected areas, owners of commercial properties and those who have already paid our of their own pocket to have work done to safeguard the structural integrity of their property are also excluded from the aid. No compensation for property damage caused by pyrite is available from the state for homeowners when damage to their homes is due to pyrite being present in the bricks or cement used to construct the properties.
In the claims for compensation for pyrite damage that have already been received by the Pyrite Resolution Board, it appears that many people have not sought compensation from their own insurance company or from those who constructed the property. Therefore, a lot of the claims being made are being declined, and the condition of the properties deteriorates even further.
It is recommended that anybody who believes they may have a construction defect due to pyrite shift-or a defect attributable to pyrite being used in the construction of their home–seek legal counsel as soon as possible. Claims for compensation for property damage caused by pyrite are subject to time limits under the Statute of Limitations, and it is important that you do not lose your entitlement to compensation for pyrite property damage through hesitation.
*In contentious business, a solicitor may not calculate fees or other charges as a percentage or proportion of any award or settlement.
Rustic Cottage Decor – This Elegant Rustic Cottage Decor Ideas images was upload on July, 17 2018 by Clint Abbott. Here latest Rustic Cottage Decor images collection. Download other design about Rustic Cottage Decor in our other reviews. Click on gallery to copy Elegant Rustic Cottage Decor Ideas in high resolution.
You can get this Elegant Rustic Cottage Decor Ideas photos for your collection. Don’t forget to rate and comment if you interest with this Rustic Cottage Decor wallpapers. Please contact us if it contains a copyright.
floors rustic wood flooring homely idea rustic wood Rustic Wood Floor Supply Brilliant Rustic Wood Floor Supply rustic wood floors spokane image of old rustic hardwood flooring in Rustic Wood...
By clicking the Submit button below, you agree to include a photo credit and link back to constructionphotographs.com with each picture you use in an electronic document, or a photo credit to constructionphotographs.com with each picture you use in a print document. For more information, please read our FAQ.
General Contractor Bob Moore Construction has provided hundreds of construction photographs showing all phases of the construction process. These construction photographs are provided for use to individuals and companies through Construction Photographs.com. The construction projects photographed are located all around the state of Texas. Learn more about Bob Moore Construction at
c. If a new gear or case has been installed, check runout at back face of gear. Correct and recheck if
d. When adjustment is satisfactory, remove cover and move differential and gear out on support sufficient
1. Install differential and gear assembly and assemble cover using new gasket with six bolts equally spaced.
If you are struggling to find the right gift for a special occasion, you can trust Mary Kay to provide the perfect gift for any woman. In Cortez, you don't have to go to a department store to buy a gift. Just connect with a Mary Kay Independent Beauty Consultant right in Cortez. Sometimes friends and family can be hard to buy for, but for women who love the latest makeup styles and beauty products, Mary Kay gifts suit any occasion. Whether you buy from our makeup and beauty tools, spa-inspired skin care indulgences, irresistible perfumes, or a ready-made gift set, Mary Kay has something for every woman’s style. Contact your local Beauty Consultant who specializes in gifts for women. Your Cortez Consultant will help you shop how you want, when you want, so you’ll end up with the perfect present.
This design grew from our Tiny Drop Heart charms, we've added posts to make them into sweet little studs. Wear them as they are or add drops.
Prospective landlords may want to seize the opportunity to invest in property while the market remains stagnated.
An app helping landlords to find rates for buy-to-let mortgages has become incredibly popular. And it's free.
I'm sure I'm just like many law students - we get humanties degrees, don't know what to do, our lawyer-filled families suggest we go to law school, we say 'what the hell?' and do it.
I'm in the second semester of my first year. I don't like it; I dislike most of my classmates, find much of the material mind-numbing, and .. just don't really want to be a lawyer at this point. Then again, I've still got the same problem I had when I walked out of the auditorium with my philosophy and english BAs in that I have no earthly idea what sort of career I could go into other than law.
I've been itching to get out of the country for a while, perhaps with some foreign aid work - peace corps, etc - or maybe teaching english as a secondary language (TESL).
If I felt like coming back to law school, how would potential employers view a 2-3 year break between the first and second years?
I assume it would be with skepticism and they might think it shows a lack of dedication, comittment, seriousness (and it probably does).
I realize most of yall will say that I really should drop out anyway, and that's probably true, but I am curious anyway. I don't have any other idea what to do. I had some hopes of being a philosophy professor once, but the job market in academia is shakier than even that of lawyering.
If you do something law-related abroad for the two-year stint (volunteer with the Int'l Criminal Tribunal in Rwanda, for example) then it will probably help your resume for public interest employers.
Law firm employers would think it shows a lack of dedication, commitment, seriousness, strategic thinking, and stability. It'll look like you couldn't cut it in 1L and burned out. That may be the truth, but that's a little like wanting to be a doctor after failing the freshman year bio weed-out course.
Also, you should make the decision knowing that if you decided to go back to law school you may have a more difficult time getting back in, and you may even have to repeat your 1L year.
First, congratulations. Really. We often think that "finding ourselves" means justifying a path we've already taken, but the fact that you've expressed serious reservations (albeit in the heat of the semester) is important. You're quite right that many law students fall into law school as much as they choose it. Paradoxically, this isn't always bad. But it's certainly cause for the sort of circumspection your question exemplifies. So, thus the congratulations are genuine. (I'd bet 92% of your classmates are thinking exactly the same thing.)
To your question: employers won't care (usually), as they WILL care about two things: (1) school + grades; and (2) personability.
Believe it or not, taking a year or two off will not usually be determinative. Clearly it presents logistical challenges (depending upon the school and OCI process), but again, legal employers are looking at the world rather differently than law students.
However . . . it seems that your perspective is not likely to be conducive to a big firm job (to which the above is generally directed). Anyone seeking a stint in the Peace Corps is likely to find more comfort taking a job as counsel in the Peace Corps (or like organization) after the stint, rather than an 80-hour-a-week highly paid legal sweatshop.
(Note: I am NOT commenting on the wisdom of this, as that's really the question for each of us. It's easy . . . too easy . . . to assume that the six-figure job is the way to go. The truth? It is, but only for some . . . and not based just on grades, but more importantly on the soft factors you mention. Some people are happy in a big firm; most are not. Will YOU be?)
A thought: whether you decide to teach English abroad, join the Peace Corps, VISTA, or some such, there's really no impact in terms of your current options. In other words, completing your first year or not is unlikely to make a difference. It IS, however, likely to make a difference in terms of your asking the nagging "What ifs" years later.
My suggestion? Complete your first year. If you plan to take a break thereafter--perhaps a permanent one--you'll have a different perspective on law school. Chances are, you'll have a healthier perspective, and chances are almost as good that you'll actually perform better than had you stayed in your (dis)stressed mode. Why? Because the way most law students study and act is inefficient and, usually, counterproductive. This is because the world of the law student is viewed as a student, not as a future professional. Etch this in your mind: while you might find discomfort in how law school makes certain people act out in hypercompetitive and negative ways, ALL of that will be irrelevant. The ONLY thing that is relevant (to employers especially) is how one learns the law. For employers, this is viewed through the prism of the law exam. So, as much as you can, ignore the bad and do NOT succumb to this. It is absolutely essential, regardless of what you decide (and, if you do continue, how you place) to stay true. Presumably, this means staying honest and cheerful--or at least honest and pleasant. I know this sounds outrageously chipper, but it really, really will make a difference. For all, remember that you will be WORKING with these people for decades. Even if you move elsewhere, you'll be surprised at how many times your colleagues' names come up.
PS: For thoughts on what employers will care about, there's a book I read that might be helpful. It's "The Insider's Guide to Getting a Big Firm Job: What Every Law Student Should Know About Interviewing." Your question reminded me of the foreword to that book, by Morten Lund, who wrote the two "Jagged Rocks of Wisdom" books. His books are excellent. (Better than mine!) Morten is a partner in a big firm, and he tells it straight. I highly recommend all three, regardless of what you do. (Seriously, even if you decide to join an ashram, Lund's two books will be invaluable. Okay, maybe not an ashram. But an MBA and nearly everything in between, yes.)
I have people who would be able to help me some in this line of questioning - my father, f'rinstance, actually teaches law - but I don't feel very comfortable talking to them about it.
Exactly right. If you do decide to return to law school, a law-related break would clearly be better. (Even firms won't mind a break, provided it's not too far off the mark. Also, if you learn a language during this time, you open up a new set of options, branches of big firms as well as numerous other offices in need of bilingual talent. Careful, though. Many expatriates end up staying for decades. = : )
fwiw, my grades were completely average. I did very well in some classes - contracts, criminal, torts - and truly pathetically in others - civil procedure, legal writing, legal "traditions."
I was actually pleasantly surprised by my grades because I honestly spent about 5-10 hours a week studying outside of class. This isn't undergrad where it's cool to talk about what a slacker you are though, right
I don't really know anything about what schools are in what tiers but I go to LSU. They're ranked like...75?
So, all-in-all, I wouldn't be that attractive a candidate for any employer anyway. I just wasn't sure if taking a break would be putting the nail in the coffin if I wind up "having" to be a lawyer. Thane's given me a nice little jump start for further investigation.
As it happens, a book I edited (and almost vetoed) was The Slacker's Guide to Law School: Success Without Stress. It has probably the best section on "Should You Go?" of all the pre-law books. You comment reminded me of the second part of that book that is important: the disconnect between study (which most law students measure, masochistically, as raw effort) and grades. The law students with the best grades do work hard, but probably not the hardest. And some who work uber-hard end up with mediocre grades, or worse. This goes to the difference between what we assume law school tests and what law school actually tests.
So, consider that, with a bit more focus and effort, you might actually place very well indeed. Then, the ranking of the law school, while important, won't be determinative. (Not least because, if you do especially well, you might be able to take a break and then transfer to another law school. If you're at all so inclined, another book you might find useful is The Art of the Law School Transfer.)
Just wanted to let everyone know that the screencast for Session 02 of the Summer of NHibernate series has now been posted for download (see below). For more details on this and the other sessions, please see this post.
Extend the data access classlib from session 1 to include additional query methods to return Customers from the database using all the different query approaches supported by NHibernate
As before, the screencast and the related source code sample is available for download on the 4shared.com drop.io site. Also as before, the ZIP file with the AVI exceeds the max single filesize supported by 4shared.comdrop.io (100 MB) so I have divided the ZIP file into three sub-100MB parts; you must download all three parts of the multi-part ZIP file in order to extract the video of the screencast.
Note that as with all of these screencasts, to successfully view them on your computer you will need to download and install the TechSmith Camtasia Codec.
Hand in hand with lebron’s lead the new trend of electronic products #links# beats by dre by Dr. Dre and the sound of the company and the Miami heat LeBron James (LeBron James) to build up a new breakthrough new high performance sports with headphones.Music to it as important as lebron and basketball. It is in the basketball court to the lebron source of power, and now music to bring people’s magic power will also on you miracles. PowerBeats by Dr. Dre is the first paragraph will latest, acoustic technology and innovation fashion style with the combination of high performance headphones, it fully demonstrated the demons to make sound and the Beats by Dr. Dre headset properties. This paragraph of super
tour High Resolution In-Ear Headphones(Black-Aluminum) durable headphones vogue, and is suitable for dynamic sports life.Power#links# monster headphones using a unique sports design, comfortable and firm, and wearing super durable prevent sweat and UV design, outdoor activities are athletes and sports fans can without hesitation full play. Soft flexible ear clip, an extension of the cable, and various size of earplugs for your own head make comfortable wearing the experience. Double micro drive reproduce the bass respectively, alto and high precision, the
Monster Beats By Dr Dre Studio Flashing Lightning voice of the audio transmission, and allow the surrounding sound and magnification of the sound natural coexistence, build your unique sound. With the sound of the PowerBeats unique ControlTalk technology, advanced embedded in the control system of the cable to allow users to control the Blackberry or iPhone music or to answer the phone.Lebron James during the professional basketball player. In the 2003 NBA draft on congress, lebron to draft identity was the cavaliers phase; In 2010 to join the Miami heat, the secretary small forward. Fashionable appearance, the design is exquisite, comfortable wearing firm, PowerBeats these breakthrough design, lebron freely on the pitch sweating, at the same time enjoy vocal inspiring music.monster beats by dre headphones with the sound of the company is
Monster Beats to make the massive popularity of the Beats by Dr. Dre series products in basketball. Beats by Dr. Dre rich by legendary musicians and music producer Dr. Dre and Interscope Geffen was Jimmy Iovine, President of the Texas A&M together to create, they committed to build new headphones, namely can reproduce the musicians and music producer in professional studio hear include all of the music the subtle headphones.The sound by
Beats by Dr.Dre Justbeats Mr. LiMeiSheng company established in 1979, the company is committed to using the sound of wire brand influence, manufacturing “let music more wonderful” headset products. Today, the company has been growing and sound diversification, not only the world of high performance audio, video, solve car audio, computer, YanZouTai and computer games connectivity leading manufacturers, or iPod and iPhone, professional audio and amplification equipment accessories pioneer in the field of. As ascension music listening to experience, the sound of the cheap Monster Beats commitment of the company and Dr. Dre Interscope Geffen, and President Jimmy Lovine Texas A&M together to build the Beats by Dr. Dre headset series, and if the Gaga design for the exclusive Heartbeats series headset. Later, the sound company and make persistent efforts, launched the sound brand series headphones, including first for musicians and audio fancier use headphones into the Turbine Pro In
Monster Beats by Dr. Dre Studio New Orleans Saints Black Color Ear Speakers. In addition, the sound of the subsidiary company of Monster Power brand group, or high performance audio and video system ac Power lines regulation and protection products of the #links# leading manufacturers.
The opinions and viewpoints conveyed in this blog are solely my personal individual opinion and do not necessarily represent the opinions or viewpoints of any of my present or past employers.
Force the creation without any confirmation. You can not recreate (reinitialize) a physical volume belonging to an existing volume group. In an emergency you can override this behaviour with -ff.
Whether or not the first 4 sectors (2048 bytes) of the device should be wiped. If this option is not given, the default is to wipe these sectors unless either or both of the --restorefile or --uuid options were specified.
LVM2 introduces a new format for storing metadata on disk. This new format is more efficient and resilient than the format the original version of LVM used and offers the advanced user greater flexibility and control.
The new format may be selected on the command line with -M2 or by setting format = "lvm2" in the global section of lvm.conf(5). Each physical volume in the same volume group must use the same format, but different volume groups on a machine may use different formats simultaneously: the tools can handle both formats. Additional formats can be added as shared libraries.
Additional tools for manipulating the locations and sizes of metadata areas will be written in due course. Use the verbose/debug options on the tools to see where the metadata areas are placed.
The number of metadata areas to set aside on each PV. Currently this can be 0, 1 or 2. If set to 2, two copies of the volume group metadata are held on the PV, one at the front of the PV and one at the end. If set to 1 (the default), one copy is kept at the front of the PV (starting in the 5th sector). If set to 0, no copies are kept on this PV - you might wish to use this with VGs containing large numbers of PVs. But if you do this and then later use vgsplit(8) you must ensure that each VG is still going to have a suitable number of copies of the metadata after the split!
Ignore or un-ignore metadata areas on this physical volume. The default is "n". This setting can be changed with pvchange. If metadata areas on a physical volume are ignored, LVM will not store metadata in the metadata areas present on this Physical Volume. Metadata areas cannot be created or extended after Logical Volumes have been allocated on the device. If you do not want to store metadata on this device, it is still wise always to allocate a metadata area in case you need it in the future and to use this option to instruct LVM2 to ignore it.
In conjunction with --uuid, this extracts the location and size of the data on the PV from the file (produced by vgcfgbackup) and ensures that the metadata that the program produces is consistent with the contents of the file i.e. the physical extents will be in the same place and not get overwritten by new metadata. This provides a mechanism to upgrade the metadata format or to add/remove metadata areas. Use with care. See also vgconvert(8).
By default the PV is labelled with an LVM2 identifier in its second sector (sector 1). This lets you use a different sector near the start of the disk (between 0 and 3 inclusive - see LABEL_SCAN_SECTORS in the source). Use with care.
If the 2nd SCSI disk is a 4KiB sector drive that compensates for windows partitioning (sector 7 is the lowest aligned logical block, the 4KiB sectors start at LBA -1, and consequently sector 63 is aligned on a 4KiB boundary) manually account for this when initializing for use by LVM:
shadowconfig on will turn shadow passwords on; shadowconfig off will turn shadow passwords off. shadowconfig will print an error message and exit with a nonzero code if it finds anything awry. If that happens, you should correct the error and run it again. Turning shadow passwords on when they are already on, or off when they are already off, is harmless.
As I mentioned in yesterday's post regarding creating RAID disk sets we'll be looking at how to deal with RAID disk failures on Linux in today's post. Once we're done here, I think we can call it a wrap on this subject for a while (Are those sighs of relief I'm hearing? ;) At least until we come up with some good shell scripts to expedite some of this stuff.
Disk failure, on the hardware side, is too broad to cover in any great detail here, but the following basic steps should be followed (of course, as noted, your setup may require otherwise). The scenario here is that one of your disks has just gone "bad." It's beyond recovery.
1. If the disk is hot-swappable, simply remove it. If it isn't, you'll need to schedule downtime and remove the disk then. If the failed disk is your boot disk, you'll already have your downtime ;)
2. Replace the failed disk and restart your machine (and skip to step 6) if your failed disk isn't the boot disk.
3. If your failed disk is the boot disk, you'll next want to boot off of CD (We're using RedHat Linux AS), mount the root filesystem under a temporary mountpoint, and do the following:
host # grub --batch (This may take a while as grub probes and tries to guess where all of your drives are)
6. Now that you have the disk physically replaced and you've booted back up, check the content of /proc/mdstat, like so:
Again, the [2/1] listing indicates that one part of the mirror is not active in this two-way mirror set!
7. If this has been driving you crazy from the first post, we're now going to recreate the mirror so it's not incomplete (apologies for any stress-related reading injuries. Sometimes I go a long way to make a point ;). The first thing we'll do is repartition the disk, again, with fdisk (instructions in our previous post regarding creating RAID disk sets ) and we should end up with our partition table looking exactly the same:
8. As a matter of course, just to be sure, check /etc/raidtab to see what devices need to be mirrored with what devices:
Once the RAID sync is done, you should be good to go! I'd reboot one more time, just to be sure. Especially if you were forced to take downtime in the first place :P
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all original material of whatever nature created by Mike Golvach or Mike Tremell and included in "The Linux and Unix Menagerie" weblog and any related pages, including the weblog's archives, is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 United States License.
?I got [?Deathly Hallows?] for my daughter and she was like ?When are you going to give it to me???? he smiled. ?I read it and I was very moved by the ending. It ends very much like a Dickens novel.??
And a few felted acorns. Last year I made an awful lot of them, but somehow they managed to disappear.
Yet another re-design challenge at the He-Man.org fan-art forums--my post is here and the original thread is here. The voting thread is here--I placed second.
The subject this time around is part of a line of Argentinian toys called Fuerza-T. These action figures used old He-Man molds (licensed by Mattel, as far as I know), with mixed and matched body parts and accessories, and new color schemes to make each figure appear unique. While they are not officially He-Man toys, Fuerza-T action figures are still of interest to enlightened He-Man enthusiasts. I am one of those enthusiasts.
Felinor is a member of the evil Aracnos faction. His hobbies include drinking the blood of his enemies. His dislikes include the rival villain group Escorpius, and the heroes known collectively as Fuerza-T. The toy version of Felinor is constructed from Mer-Man's head, Beast Man's body, Skeletor's armor, and He-Man's power sword. My version diverges from this a little, for the sake of making Felinor appear a little more unique:
This one came together pretty quickly--for whatever reason, I was able to quickly pick colors that I was satisfied with, which I usually find difficult and time-consuming. The key for me was adding more cold colors to accompany the white face and turquoise brow of the original color scheme. His chest and shoulder armor were modified to resemble the Aracnos symbol, and the studded arm bracers are taken from the official illustration of Felinor. I added the nose, the tail, the scaley feet and hands, and the cat's eye motif (A lot of the other fan-interpretations of Felinor include a cat's eye motif as well). The cape is my addition too--inspired by the hood-like collar in the original illustration. Despite the wisdom of the Incredibles, I just think everyone is cooler with a cape. And as a nod to Felinor's allegiance to the Aracnos, his cape has eight points, just as a spider has eight legs.
Man... posting a drawing of an obscure Argentinian action figure with a metafictional lineage that connects back to three of He-Man's greatest foes just doesn't seem geeky enough. What could I do to really geek this up? I KNOW. Since very little is known about him, I could write a little background material for this crazy cat (get it? cause he's a cat)...
FELINOR is fiercely loyal to Carnivor, ruthless leader of the Aracnos faction. His golden sword was created by a master sword-maker, in a mortal attempt to mimic the divinely forged perfection of He-Man's power sword. The sword-maker's intentions were not sinister, but Felinor cast a spell to corrupt the blade, and the cursed sword now shares Felinor's hunger for blood. To further bolster his strength, Felinor encrusted his power sword's hilt with an enchanted gem. This gem is another counterfeit--copied from an artifact from the nearby planet Thundera (the gem on his breastplate is simply decorative). In spite of all this, Felinor's power sword still does not match that of He-Man or She-Ra's true power swords. It is rumored that the mysterious sword-maker escaped and disappeared, and was even able to forge more power-sword imitations. the existence of these swords has not been confirmed.
Most recently, Carnivor has discovered the existence of planet Earth, and has sent Felinor and a subterranean attack force to perform reconnaissance and prepare the planet for invasion.
I coined Felinor's title of "Evil Nocturnal Champion" myself, but in light of the profile I just whipped up, I wonder if "Evil Copy Cat" would have been more appropriate?
Archived Posts January 2007 (16) February 2007 (9) March 2007 (10) April 2007 (10) May 2007 (11) June 2007 (10) July 2007 (9) August 2007 (11) September 2007 (9) October 2007 (10) November 2007 (9) December 2007 (8) January 2008 (11) February 2008 (8) March 2008 (9) April 2008 (9) May 2008 (10) June 2008 (8) July 2008 (12) August 2008 (11) September 2008 (9) October 2008 (9) November 2008 (8) December 2008 (11) January 2009 (9) February 2009 (9) March 2009 (9) April 2009 (8) May 2009 (9) June 2009 (10) July 2009 (10) August 2009 (8) September 2009 (9) October 2009 (9) November 2009 (8) December 2009 (9) January 2010 (10) February 2010 (8) March 2010 (9) April 2010 (9) May 2010 (9) June 2010 (10) July 2010 (6) December 2010 (3) January 2011 (4) February 2011 (5) March 2011 (5) April 2011 (6) May 2011 (7) June 2011 (12) July 2011 (5) August 2011 (5) September 2011 (6) October 2011 (6) November 2011 (4) December 2011 (7) January 2012 (1)
J.Crew popped up a few great Spring New Arrivals today and you can get and additional 25% off most of them with code GETSHOPPING. Quick picks I’m eyeing are the Sheath Dress in Fringy Lace, Linen Bermuda Short and the Tippi Short-Sleeve Sweater in Berry Print. I really loved a lot from this roll-out so I’m excited to see them IRL. I do have some fitting room pictures from the last rollout that are below.
The shirt fit snug in the arms so I would definitely need a size 10. I think this runs a little small so that size may not even fit. I like the snap-shell buttons and the color is a nice faded indigo. I do like this better untucked but that just could be a sizing issue. The pants were nice and the size 6 fit me fairly well. There is some bunching in the front but that’s really due to the elastic waist. The length is full to-the-floor on me. I like the print though it wouldn’t fit in my daily wear items.
The size 6 fit in this Giraffe Print shirt but it added weight in the front. The bell-sleeves did hit me just below the wrist though the sleeve is a little more 3/4 on the model image. The shirt does look better un-buttoned but overall was just oddly fitting for me. The pants also fit me in the size 6. The size 8 would have a been a bit looser through the legs and probably really big in the waist. I think a Petite 8 would be the best fit overall.
I usually do take a size 8 in popovers so this fit TTS for me. I liked the look of the colors in the vintage plaid but not so much IRL or on me. Still, the colors are great for Spring especially under a Navy Blazer.
This cute sweater is a relaxed fit so the Small fit well. I like the navy/ivory combo for Spring. The sweater is very comfortable and lightweight. I could wear this through the Spring though I think our Summer will get here early. We’ve had a really warm Winter this year.
This little turtle is smelling a little bitty flower. It’s so cute but the color washes me out. Both the turtle and flower have an embroidered detail and outline.
I really loved the skirt in this pattern but I knew I would not wear it very often so I haven’t purchased it. The dress was in store so I thought I’d try it on. I grabbed my normal size 8 it did not fit. I really doubted I dropped a whole dress size and online reviews confirm this dress runs a size large. It’s loose through the chest and the waist. I definitely need an 8 Petite or even a size 6. I am disappointed this is polyester.
I ended up ordering the Western Chambray Shirt in a size 10. I’m hoping it fits and doesn’t run small. I’m a bit behind on the blog just due to a big work project, prepping for some upcoming travel and concentrating on my fitness journey. I’ll have reviews later this week of new arrivals.
Clemson Track & Field to Compete at Jim Click Shootout, Raleigh Relays – Clemson Tigers Official Athletics Site
CLEMSON, SC – The Clemson track & field program will split up this weekend, with a distance group headed to Raleigh, NC for the Raleigh Relays and the majority of the two teams headed to Tucson, AZ for the Jim Click Shootout. The latter is a scored team meet featuring invited teams only. Clemson will compete against Arizona (host) and California of the Pac-12, Miami (FL) of the ACC, and Ohio State and Penn State of the Big Ten. The Tigers have the highest rated team competing, the No. 4 nationally rated women’s team. Other nationally-rated teams include Arizona’s men (No. 11) and women (No. 18), and Ohio State’s men’s team (No. 25).
The Jim Click Shootout will feature a scored format. The top six finishers in both individual events and relays will earn points on a 10-8-6-4-2-1 basis.
All of Clemson’s action at the Jim Click Shootout will take place Saturday, March 31. The action gets started early, with the women’s hammer throw featuring Brittney Waller at 9:00 AM. Christy Gasparino, fresh off a school record in the pole vault, leads a group of four Tiger entries in that event at 11:30 AM.
At noon on Saturday, reigning ACC Women’s Performer of the Week T.J. Christy and Cory Thalheimer are all entered in the men’s shot put and discus. Shai Carpenter is scheduled for both horizontal jumps.
On the track, the Tigers will compete a number of student-athletes in Tucson. The first track event will be the women’s 4×100-meter relay at 1:00 PM. Last week, Clemson’s team of Brianna Rollins, Dezerea Bryant, Marlena Wesh and Jasmine Edgerson set a school record with a time of 43.50 in Orlando, FL. Rollins will lead a strong contingent in the women’s 100 hurdles, slated for a 1:35 start. The men’s high hurdles follow and will feature Spencer Adams’ first action of the 2012 outdoor season.
Clemson will run several competitors in the 100-meter dash. Bryant leads the women’s group in the event at 2:15, while veterans Warren Fraser and Justin Murdock look to follow with strong times in the men’s 100 dash. Clemson will take its middle distance teams to Arizona, with the likes of Brianna Blanton and Aaron Ramirez scheduled for the 800 meters at 2:25.
The Tigers have entered several athletes in the 400 hurdles as well. The women’s race is slated for 2:40 and will feature Marlena Wesh, who produced a solid time of 52.60 in the open 400 to start her outdoor season last week in Orlando. Adams and freshman Elijah Britton are scheduled for the men’s 400 hurdles.
The 200 dash is Clemson’s final individual event Saturday at the Jim Click meet. Jasmine Edgerson, Monique Gracia and Bridgette Owens will join Bryant in that event at 3:00. Fraser and Murdock are scheduled from the men’s team for the 200 dash. The 4×400 relays conclude the meet, beginning with the women’s race at 3:50.
Distance coach Brad Herbster will accompany his group to Raleigh, NC for the Raleigh Relays on Friday, March 30. Alyssa Kulik is the headliner competing for the Tiger program. The 2011 All-American will see her first action of the season in the 3000-meter steeplechase. She is slated to run at 5:45 PM. Chris Slate will run the 1500 meters in Raleigh. Later that night, Clemson will compete Ty McCormack in the men’s 5000 meters and Natalie Anthony, Kim Ruck and Cara Talty in the women’s 5K.
Come Experience What Everyone's Talking About! ARTLENS Gallery is a multi-faceted, innovative experience that allows you, your family, and f
Dive deeper, look closer, and engage with masterworks of art—intertwined with barrier-free interactives! ARTLENS Gallery: Crea
ArtLens is the Cleveland Museum of Art's app, which allows you to explore on-view works in the permanent collection both at the museum and f
ArtLens Studio offers an introduction to the museum’s collection while building a foundation of visual literacy and art appreciation for t
The gallery-space experience consisted of ten interactives: the Collection Wall, three interactives designed for children and located in Stu
© 2016 Cleveland Museum of Art. terms and conditions / privacy policy / send a comment / powered by Drupal / online collection by Piction / site map
Drawn from the museum’s collection, this exhibition features work by contemporary artists who exploit printed and photographic media in ways that intentionally reveal the confusing line between art and information, fact and fiction.
Charles Burchfield: The Ohio Landscapes, 1915–1920 explores the key role that northeast Ohio played in the art and life of American artist Charles Burchfield.
This exhibition, the first solo museum presentation by Raúl de Nieves (b. 1983, Michoacán, Mexico), will feature new work in a site-specific installation developed for the Cleveland Museum of Art’s Transformer Station.
Just how truthful is photography? Despite the ability to manipulate selfies on our cell phones, many of us cling to the illusion that the medium has an inherent connection to truth.
Color and Comfort: Swedish Modern Design will present the modern styling of mid-twentieth-century Swedish design, featuring textiles, ceramics, and glass from the CMA’s collection.
The pioneering African American photographer Gordon Parks (1912–2006) considered his work during the 1940s and ’50s to be the benchmark for his 60-year career.
The veneration of deities called kami has been a central feature of Japanese culture for many centuries and the driving force behind a broad swath of Japanese visual art.
Monsters captivated the imagination of medieval men and women, just as they continue to fascinate us today.
“School out already?” I ask. “The fish was lying sideways in my class.” “Yeah?” “A kid at school said it’s normal.” “Huh.” “He said fish…
Take a hit. Watch the moon slip to new moon. Listen to the lady you Work with talk about ghosts, and start to cry…
Every morning I wake up at 8 am. I get dressed, wear my expensive tie and shiny watch. Then I roll my sleeves and walk…
I Remember me in words Count the syllables. Recount them. Can you see them Kneeling before the universe? I pray in verse To these unruly…
Our devices always comes with drivers pre- installed, but as a developer you sometimes need the drivers specifically. Download the latest drivers for your SK17i to keep your Computer up- to- date. Adb Driver For Sony Ericsson Xperia Mini Pro Sk17I Printability for pulp , Dirt count, paper applications, Formation Image Analysis for Industry.
You should have ADB USB drivers installed on your. This procedure only works for the SK17i variant of the.
Flashing the Neo V Kernel on the Sony Xperia Mini Pro. Download Sony Xperia USB Drivers ( based on your smartphone or tablet model number), install it in your computer and connect your Sony device with PC today.
June 16, by VinoYkr 5 Comments. Also, we expect that you already have ADB drivers installed. Download Sony Xperia USB Drivers.
Having only just returned from one week off, I'm now off on camp for a week or so. It's unlikely I'll be posting much...
This time from the British Museum (which confusingly is in one pokey and overcrowded little corner of Britain along with just about everything else that's meant to be "national")...
This one was on a rail surrounding a large ornamental hole in the floor. What they meant, of course, was "Beware of the Drop!" rather than telling us that there was danger so we should drop. I wonder what would happen if someone with Asperger's (or something) took it literally and dropped, then sued the museum....
Here's a video I came across while on mission in Liverpool. A friend of mine was involved with the construction.... And yes, that's filmed in Manchester not Liverpool.
To my mind it's on a par with "Slow Children" signs at schools. I'm trying to imagine doors keeping on walking...
I guess one picture a lot of people have of God is an old man on a cloud. And maybe he can see everything, but he can’t always do that much about it.
That's a famous picture of God by Michelangelo. One of the big problems with it is that it shows God as the kind of guy who wears a pink nightie.
He used to be a great footballer. He's still better than anyone West Ham have got, and he's meant to be a really nice bloke as well. But he's not God, no matter what people say.
Back when God was giving these commandments, people tended to make pictures of God that were more like this:
In fact, while the real God was giving these commandments to Moses, the rest of the people were busy building a golden statue of a cow and saying that it was God. Coz when we make pictures of God, we tend to make him look like things we’re used to.
Do not make for yourselves images of anything in heaven or on earth or in the water under the earth. Do not bow down to any idol or worship it.
In other words, don’t make pictures of God. Don’t think that any of those things really are God. Don’t try to come up with ideas of what God is like that are too much like what we’re used to.
Maybe you think you don’t do that. But I know I do, and I’m pretty sure we all do. We all make our own pictures of God, and I’m going to tell you how we do it.
I think a clever French guy once said “God made man in his own image, and now man repays the compliment.” We have our own ideas of what God looks like, and often we make it so God looks like us and sounds like us, except maybe a bit more powerful.
Maybe we think that our God is a God who doesn’t mind us living the way we live or who thinks our excuses are ok. So I drive faster than the speed limit, but I invent a picture of God that really doesn’t mind how fast I drive and then I act like it's ok.
Maybe our picture of God condemns some sins more than others, so we think that “sin” is talking about what other people do rather than what we do. So sometimes I think that someone else’s adultery is worse than my pride, even though if anything the Bible says that pride is worse. Or that God likes some groups of people more than others. Maybe we’re white and English and we don’t like coloured people, so we make up a God who doesn’t like coloured people either.
Did you know that in the Southern USA, 200 years after we abolished slavery in the UK, some of the last places to have official segregation of white people and coloured people are churches? Because people took what they were like, and invented a picture of God who was like that too, and even the world can see that it's a load of rubbish.
Or maybe we make a picture of God who doesn’t claim the total devotion of everything that we have and everything that we are. Maybe he thinks that we’re good really or that we can cope on our own, that we don’t need to pray and that it’s fine to turn up to church once a week, then go out and ignore God with the rest of our lives. Maybe our picture of God didn’t say thinks like “If anyone wants to save his life, he must lose it, but if anyone loses his life for my sake and for the gospel, he will save it into eternal life.”
Maybe our picture of God doesn’t really mind if we flirt with other gods, if we spend all our time and devotion on things that aren’t about him, if we live for things that aren’t God. Maybe our picture of God never said things like I am the Lord your God and I tolerate no rivals. But the real God did.
I guess there are some people who don’t make that kind of picture though. Maybe your picture of God isn’t one you thought up to be like you, it’s one someone else thought up to be like them.
That’s a big part of what it means when God says “I bring punishment on those who hate me and on their descendants down to the third and fourth generation.” If parents have a wrong image of what God is like, often they pass it on to their children and grandchildren and great-grandchildren. Often the reason that people have messed-up images of God is that they’ve got them from other people. These descendants who get punished are still doing wrong – they’ve still got the wrong picture of God, but it isn’t something they started.
I meet all kinds of people who have wrong pictures of God. Women who think that they can never be forgiven because they’ve had an abortion and somebody else’s picture of God said abortions couldn’t be forgiven.
Black people who see white people ruling over them and think that God must be white too because that’s how the whites act.
Children who think that God is a killjoy rather than a God who came so we could have life in all its fullness, just because someone else’s picture of God was like that.
But whatever our wrong picture of God is, whenever we have pictures of God that aren’t what God is like, God says that is wrong.
The first reason that it’s wrong is in the passage. Do not bow down to any idol or worship it because I am the Lord your God.
God is God. He is who he is. He doesn’t want to be replaced by our pictures and ideas of who he is, because that’s all they are. Pictures and Ideas. And he is God. And he sees those pictures and ideas that we have of him as rivals.
I often hear people saying stuff like “Well, I like to think of God as like this….” But that’s just your idea! It's just your picture! What you like to think about God doesn’t change what he’s actually like. You can think God’s a hamster, but that doesn’t make it true.
That’s what the other reading was about. We can make up all kinds of ideas about God or pictures of God or statues of God or whatever, but that’s all they are. Our ideas. Our pictures. Our statues. They can’t save us, they can’t help us, they can’t rescue us.
If we want to know what the real God is really like, we need to look at what he has shown us he is like. We can’t just take our own ideas about it.
Imagine that I draw a bad picture of my girlfriend (I couldn't exactly draw a good one!) and then relate entirely to that picture instead of her. She'd be really annoyed, and rightly so.
Making our pictures of God and treating them like they are God is ignoring the real God. He gets angry with it, and rightly so.
If people did that with anything other than God, we’d think they were crazy! But we do it all the time, with the one true God, who made the universe and who can do whatever he wants with it. It’s completely stupid. It’s just as bad as going off and worshipping a different god altogether.
But it’s not just that. You see, what we do affects other people as well, and it’s especially true for church leaders and parents. You see, if I have a rubbish picture of God, then I’m going to tell you about it, then you get the rubbish picture too. That’s another part of the reason God included that stuff about parents and children. If we get a wrong picture of God, we’re going to pass it on to our children and then they’re going to have problems too.
It is really really important that we make sure that our picture of God is right. So how can we get a right picture of who God is?
Jesus is the radiance of God’s glory and the exact representation of his being, sustaining all things by his powerful word. When he had provided purification for sins, he sat down at the right hand of the majesty in heaven.
If we want to see what God is like, we should look at Jesus. Jesus is the perfect picture of God. If we look at Jesus, we’re looking at God. If we listen to Jesus, we’re listening to God.
And what’s the time where we see Jesus most clearly? On the cross. Jesus lived on earth for 33 years or thereabouts. But almost half of what people wrote about him in the gospels was written about the week he died.
So when we look at Jesus on the cross, we see that God really does care about what we do, the way we act, the way we think, the way we make false pictures of God. We see that God takes sin seriously, and that he takes it so seriously that Jesus had to die to take the punishment.
We see that God really does care about us, and that he loves us so much that it wasn’t us dying on that cross under God’s judgement, even though it should have been. It was Jesus, dying for us. We see that because Jesus has died, he has taken the punishment for whatever we’ve done wrong, so that whatever we’ve done, whatever false pictures we’ve made of God, we can be forgiven and we can come back into relationship with the real God, because Jesus has dealt with it. But it's not just us God loves - it's everyone else too. God loves the Man United fans and the foreigners and the refugees at least as much as he loves us. Actually, God was never white and English, but he was a refugee...
We see that God really does care about the way we live. Yes, Jesus died in our place, but Jesus also died to give us an example to follow. Jesus said “If anyone would come after me, they must deny themselves, take up their cross, and follow me.” Jesus gave up his life for us. We should give up our lives to follow him. That might not mean getting killed for it, like Jesus did, but it might. It’s much more likely to mean us saying to God “Whatever you want me to do, wherever you want me to go, whoever you want me to be, I’ll do it.” We might not have to die physically, but we will have to die to ourselves – to say “As far as my ambitions go, my hopes, my fears, my preferences – I’m dead to them. They don’t matter any more. If God wants me to spend the rest of my life running a homeless shelter looking after Man United fans with horrible skin diseases, that’s fine. If God wants me to quit my job, give away all my money and spend my time looking after Somali refugees in Liverpool, that’s fine. If God wants me to stay in my job, but to really live for him in my work – to tell my friends and colleagues about Jesus, to live in a way that shows that we belong to Jesus, and to offer to help out at church, that’s fine too.
We need to die to those pictures too – to say “As far as they go, I’m dead to them. I might have used them once, but I’m done with them now. No more. Gone. Dead.” Following Jesus means dying to ourselves and to all those comfortable pictures we had of who God is.
But more than that, when we look at Jesus, we see that death is not the end. We see that after Jesus had died, God raised him to life and made him king of the whole universe. We see that if we follow Jesus in his death, we will follow him in his resurrection – that the way to heaven is for us to die to ourselves, to die to all those rubbish pictures we have of God, and to follow Jesus in the way of the cross.
Heavenly Father, we’ve all done it. We’ve all made up pictures of you that aren’t like who you really are. We’ve ignored you and what you say about how we should live our lives. Help us to come back to you now. Thank you that you have shown us what you are like by sending Jesus to die for us. Help us to follow you, the real you. Father, whatever you want us to do, wherever you want us to go, whoever you want us to be, help us to be willing to do it.
Thanks for the prayers everyone. I'm now safely back from mission. Lots to post, but I'm very tired and it can wait.
My highlight of the mission so far has been teaching a lesson in a secondary school round here and explaining to a group of muslim students how (for Christians) Jesus' death on the cross shows how God can be both just and merciful. I could almost see lightbulbs start to come on...
As far as I know, Islam teaches that God is both just and merciful, but provides no way for him to both justly punish us for the many things we do wrong and mercifully let us off.
As a consequence of that, I'm not going to be posting much / anything to my blog for the next week or so.
There's a fire festival in Broad Street (Oxford) at the moment. I think it's called Luminos or something and it's meant to celebrate 1000 years of Oxford as a city or something like that.
Broad Street is of course well associated with fire - it was famously where the Oxford Martyrs - Hugh Latimer, Nicholas Ridley and Thomas Cranmer were burnt to death as it was the place where burnings happened in Oxford.
So to me it seems in particularly bad taste to have a quasi-pagan fire festival there to celebrate 1000 years of Oxford. Or, if you're Philip Pullman (who is said to be a big fan of it), very appropriate...
And this is where Ridley, Latimer and Cranmer were burnt to death, at one end of the festival thing.
My main complaint against this book is the author's name. (In case you're American or something, "randy" means much the same as "horny".) What kind of parents give their child a name like that, unless they want him to be a gigolo or something? "Hi, I'm Randy, nice to meet you!" Anyway, it's a very good book, even if the author does have a silly name.
The basic point of the book is that Jesus asked people questions and listened an awful lot more than most of us do when talking to people about Jesus. Being asked questions helps people think about what's being said. Although the focus is specifically evangelism and apologetics, a lot of what's said is applicable to more general conversation as well, which is especially helpful for rubbish conversationalists such as me. I guess learning to integrate what I know about pedagogy into how I do conversations (both ways) would be useful...
Probably the secondary point is that it's important to love people and care about them. The examples given of where this goes wrong mostly seem to be tied into the culture wars in the US and so are of slightly less relevance to the UK situation, but it's nice reading an American saying what seems obvious to so many in the British church. (I wonder what problems in British evangelicalism are invisible to us but obvious to Americans...)
But all in all, a great book, and very helpful for thinking about how to do personal evangelism and stuff.
One of the topics I've recently had to do quite a bit of reading about is the so-called "Historical Jesus" movement. Basically, some people don't like Jesus claiming what the gospels claim he said and doing what the gospels claim he did. This is usually because they realise that if Jesus did what he did and said what he said, then they really ought to obey him, and they don't want to do that.
So they come up with all kinds of interesting but ultimately rubbish ideas for how to come up with an idea of Jesus who didn't say the things the Bible says he said or do the things the Bible said he did. Most of the ideas involve going against how historians say you should do history when working with sources and end up with a Jesus who often looks very like them and who couldn't possibly have given rise to the early church. The early church, of course, seemed to have as its core lots of people who were in a position to know what had happened with Jesus and were willing to die for the belief that he rose physically from the dead.
Those people who say Jesus was just a normal bloke are pretty easy to disprove - Tom Wright does it very well (and at very great length), for example, in The New Testament and the People of God, Jesus and the Victory of God and The Resurrection of the Son of God. Alternatively, you could sit and think about it for a few minutes or have some fun and read CS Lewis's Fern Seed and Elephants.
But the people I'm more interested in are the Christians who go along with that kind of thing - like Marcus Borg. They tend to be coming from the point of view that Christianity is still in some ways true but that miracles don't happen.
The problem with that is twofold. The first is that it's really stupid to look at whether something happened by assuming before you start that it didn't, especially when it involves saying that God couldn't do something.
The second is that people usually say that you can have a genuine experience of God but that God can't intervene physically in the universe. That's a problem because if God can't intervene physically in the universe, there's no way of having a genuine experience of him. Our physical bodies can't just relate to something spiritual unless that spiritual thing has in some way some ability to control the physical. But if God doesn't have that, then we can't have a genuine experience of him.
I'm reading a very helpful book at the moment about how to speak lovingly with people who disagree with you. Here's a very very interesting quote about abortion:
When I listened to women describe their situations in depth in small listening groups, a surprising theme emerged. In nearly every case, the abortion was undertaken to fulfill a felt obligation to another person, a parent or boyfriend. My assumption that abortion decisions were prompted by practical problems - food, shelter, poverty, clothing - was not borne out. Instead, the woman felt bound to please or protect some other person, and abortion was the price she felt she had to pay.
"Whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea." That is to say, it is the deliberate verdict of the Lord Jesus that it is better not to have lived than not to love.
The more I think about it, the more I become convinced that this is a key question for the church, and the more surprised I am that there is so little being written about it (at a popular level, at least). What I'm writing is very much provisional, could doubtless be expressed better and needs thinking through more.
Epistemology is the study of how we become persuaded of things or why we believe what we believe. (πειθω / peitho is the Greek for “I persuade”, which leads to πιστυω / pistuο for “I believe”). How do Christians decide what is true about their faith and what isn't?
Note that this is a very different question from how people come to be Christians in the first place or why non-Christians believe what they believe. I don't actually think there is a solid epistemology that works for non-Christians beyond asserting some stuff and saying “this seems to work for me”.
Christian Epistemology is a huge question, and everything I write here is in one sense an oversimplification and in another sense a searching. I'm not yet convinced I've got it right – I'm still trying to articulate the question...
I guess there are three commonly articulated views, and all were present to an extent during the Reformation.
As far as I can tell, a common view before the Reformation, which is still current in places, especially in Eastern Orthodoxy, is that we are free to believe what we want to believe, within the constraints of the Church. The Church as a whole has met together several times, most famously at Nicea in AD325 and at Chalcedon in AD451 to discuss what it believed.
What it is essential to believe was decided at the Ecumenical Councils. However, our beliefs should of course be shaped by the tradition of the church, by what people who have gone before have taught us, especially in and from the Bible.
Essentially, we should believe what the Church as a whole has said it believes, and where the Church as a whole hasn't said anything, there's room for disagreement.
The reason that that broke down was partly because there were some issues that were very important that the church as a whole hadn't discussed and come to a firm conclusion on. This meant that there were some people within the church who were believing things that (in retrospect) were very clearly wrong and dangerous to believe, and doing things that were very clearly wrong, because the church had not explicitly forbidden them. The obvious example is people's attitude to how they were saved – there were lots of people in the church thinking that they were saved by buying indulgences, or paying for masses to be said for them.
It became very difficult for the church to meet to condemn some of the abuses, partly because the people in power were often the people who were profiting from the abuses of power. And when people spoke out against that, the reaction of those in power was often to try and get rid of them.
The solution that the Protestants came up with was essentially a Scriptural epistemology. They said that we should believe what the Bible says, which sometimes contradicts what people within the Church said. Lots of protestants today still say this, but the big problem with it is the question of who interprets the Bible – the problem of hermeneutics. Actually, saying that we know things because the Bible says them is just shifting the epistemological problem to be a hermeneutical problem.
The most common idea among the Protestants is that it's my idea about what the Bible means that is right and other people who disagree with me are wrong. This led to a few influential teachers (e.g. Melanchton, Calvin) essentially writing books to tell people how to interpret the Bible correctly. And quite a lot of people followed them, and denominations were born. So Lutheranism was essentially people who interpreted the Bible the same way that Luther and Melanchthon did, Calvinism was people who interpreted the Bible the way that Calvin and Beza did, and so on. Yes, it's more comple than that, but that's the general idea. People like Luther and Calvin agreed on quite a lot of issues (like how to be saved), but disagreed on some (like what happens at Holy Communion).
On the other hand, there were also lots of people who didn't want to go along with what the teachers who ended up running denominations said and stuck with their own interpretation – they were the radicals, including the Anabaptists, Unitarians and so on. Because they essentially had an individualised epistemology, it was very easy for one little group to disagree with another little group and so split from them. That's the kind of thing that still seems to happen a lot in their spiritual descendants in the USA. All it takes for a split is two people with different interpretations of what the Bible says who are both sure in their own minds that they are right and the other person is wrong.
Some people go so far as to claim to interpret the Bible to mean the opposite of what a lot of people think it obviously means. The problem is that with an individualised hermeneutic, there's not much you can do about it. As a result, some people are heading back towards saying that we interpret Scripture as the Church has always interpreted it, which is essentially heading back to church-delimited epistemology.
One way out of this was the imposition of magisterial epistemology - you believe what you believe because the people who run the Church say that you should believe it. The pope (or whoever) has the power to say what is right and what isn't because he has the ability to interpret the Bible. This is the way that, for example a lot of Roman Catholics take.
Most of the Protestant denominations ended up claiming to have a Scriptural epistemology, but had an essentially magisterial hermeneutic – the Bible was their authority, but the Bible needed to be interpreted according to the rules of the denomination, whether Calvin's Institutes or the Augsburg Confession or the 39 Articles, or whatever. And there isn't actually much difference in practice between that and the Catholic magisterial epistemology.
The problem for protestants then is that we need a way to be able to have a definite heremeneutic without resorting to saying that the Church as a whole is right, because we've seen that the Church as a whole can be wrong with the Roman response to the Reformation.
My suggestion of a way forwards is what I call a hermeneutic of brokenness. It's probably very unoriginal, but I don't know where I lifted it from. In practice, lots of people seem to do it anyway.
The idea is that we can only interpret the Bible correctly if we come at it completely broken and without any presuppositions. Of course, we can't do that perfectly, but the more broken we are, and the more we reject our presuppositions and let them be changed by the Bible, the closer we get to a correct interpretation. It's like in science, where we can never know if we've actually got the right interpretation – we can only know that our theories fit all the available data. But as our theories enable us to get better data, so we can re-evaluate and modify them. Just like that, we allow our views to be changed by Scripture, then re-read Scripture with our changed views and understand it slightly better.
Because all interpretations are ultimately provisional, it means that we are much more generous towards people that disagree with us – we listen and try to understand their point of view, being willing to change our mind if what they say fits better than what we say. But where they seem to be putting their pride or their cultural presuppositions first, then we can legitimately disagree with them or point out where they are doing that. And if they don't listen to dialogue, it suggests they aren't broken enough yet.
Having a hermeneutic of brokenness would mean that we were much less likely to splinter into more denominations and much more likely to be in dialogue with people of different traditions. It would mean that we wouldn't be confessionally defined, as confessions would not be necessarily true in the same sense as the Bible.
The stereotypical female psychological problem is that of lack of self-esteem. The stereotypical male psychological problem is that the self-esteem is based on the self.
So often I see events aimed at Christian women (for example) trying to boost their self-esteem or sense of self-worth. All that does is teaching women to sin like men instead of like women.
The cross tells us that our self-esteem should be zero. Our sense of self-worth should be zero. Our Christ-esteem can never be high enough. Our knowledge of the fact that he accepts us despite our zero self-worth (and then seeks to transform us and use us for his glory) is where our confidence should be.
Shadow Puppets by Orson Scott Card is the third in the Shadow Saga by my favourite Mormon writer. It's not vintage Card sci-fi, like Speaker for the Dead is - it's more geopolitics a la Tom Clancy, but without the details of weapons and stuff. Still, a decent light read.
Blue Shoes and Happiness by Alexander McCall-Smith is another book in the Botswana series. They are great fun, likable and understandable characters, really well written. Light reading, but good fun.
The Letters of John by John Stott is a good and fairly light commentary on 1 John, 2 John and 3 John. ("Good" and "fairly light" by no means always go together when I use them.) He does use the Greek, but not in a heavy way and sticks to explaining the passage. Occasionally he overstates a case, but in general I found this a really helpful book to use devotionally.
C.S. Lewis, the famous Christian apologist and expert in English literature, wrote an essay about Biblical criticism called Fern Seed and Elephants. I highly recommend it if you haven't read it already. Here are some highlights.
This then is my first bleat. These men ask me to believe they can read between the lines of the old texts; the evidence is their obvious inability to read (in any sense worth discussing) the lines themselves. They claim to see fern-seed and can't see an elephant ten yards away in broad daylight.
All theology of the liberal type involves at some point – and often involves throughout – the claim that the real behaviour and teaching of Christ came very rapidly to be misunderstood and misrepresented by his followers, and has only been recovered or exhumed only by modern scholars.
My impression is that in the whole of my experience, not one of these guesses [of reviews trying to reconstruct how he wrote things] has on any point been right; that the method shows a record of one hundred per cent failure. You would expect by mere chance they would hit as often as they miss. But it is my impression that they do no such thing. I can't remember a single hit.
They assume that you wrote a story as they would try to write a story; the fact that they would so try explains why they have not produced any stories.
You cannot know that everything in the representation of a thing is symbolical unless you have independent access to the thing and can compare it with the representation.
This one was great fun. The writers, director and stars of Shaun of the Dead do a spoof of American slasher films and cop / shoot-em-up films.
Basic storyline - an obsessively good London policeman gets moved into the "village of the year" because he was showing up his colleagues too much in London. He quickly becomes suspicious of goings on in the village...
Very funny, and increasingly surreal, especially once he finds out what is actually going on. There are some fairly horrible deaths and injuries, at least one of which I sadly found very funny, to the point where I'm still laughing about it...
I'm meant to be sitting an exam at the start of next term. College decided to make it just before the start of term. That was a bad move.
On the day of the exam, I am meant to be in Israel on a trip which isn't an official college trip, but is run by people from college. I told them this.
I booked to go on the trip as it will hopefully be a nice holiday and will be useful for being a vicar and stuff.
I've been really struck over the last day or so by the appalling ignorance of basic science. On the news last night, they reported that silicone had been found in some petrol. I was quite surprised. Silicone (polydimethylsiloxane or other similar polymerised polymerised siloxanes) is a modern polymer famous for its use in breast implants and stress balls.
However, the BBC website says it's silicon that has been found. Silicon is a semi-metallic element commonly used to make computer chips. It is present in silicone in much the same way that carbon is present in sugar. The Daily Telegraph, meanwhile says "silicone" but everything they say about it is actually about silicon, including it being an element.
Get an education - I taught that in the first term of 6th form physics! How acceptable would it be if you ran a story about Iraq that was actually about Iran?
My name is John. I used to be a physics teacher but now I'm a minister in the Church of England. I like thinking.
1 Kings 12:10 says this: The young men who had grown up with him replied, "Tell these people who have said to you, 'Your father p...
Ecclesiastes is one of my favourite books of the Bible (it's in the top 66 anyway), but it's also one of the most misunderstood. Eve...
This is the first part in what may well be a series on miracles, etc. Several of the comments have flagged up that it's an area that nee...
This is about the phenomenon of so-called Korean prayer, which I think is a big and potentially very divisive issue. What is it? Basic...
I preached on 2 Corinthians 6:1-13 three times last weekend. Sadly, I forgot my voice recorded, but this is roughly what I said... Last ye...
If you are an iPhone customer with OS or above, text the word MMS to to get MMS working! When you put your O2 SIM in a phone that doesn't have the O2 settings, we automatically send you them so that you can send picture messages and use internet on your mobile. Please save and activate them if asked. 14 Dec Solved: can anyone help me get settings for Doogee Voyager DG?. 14 Mar Type the following: Name: o2 Internet. APN: custombuiltkitchensnt.com (PAYG: custombuiltkitchensnt.com) Username: o2web (PAYG: payandgo) Password: password. MMS Proxy: MMS Port: Authentication type: PAP. APN type: If you're given a choice of options, pick internet+mms. If the keyboard shows, type in an * symbol.
1 Jun - 2 min - Uploaded by O2 Guru TV Make sure that you can access the internet on a Samsung Galaxy S with this demonstration on. 1 Jun - 1 min - Uploaded by O2 Guru TV O2 Guru Mike shows you how to fix the internet settings on your BlackBerry Torch For. 17 Apr How to manually change o2's internet settings to use Sky by Mobile on the Sony Ericsson Ki. 23 Jan The Nokia X is a very basic mobile phone from Nokia which was me whatsapp kaise chalaye · nokia x manual internet settings. 27 Mar If this fails though, sometimes you might need to input these settings manually. Find your O2 Mobile Web, O2 Mobile Web, EE Internet. APN.
Dez. How to set up internet, MMS, email and more! Customers with an o2 contract: How to set up your mobile phone manually How to set up internet. 12 Feb Has any one know the O2 internet setting? found this # Enable MPoA. # Set the encapsulation method to Bridged IP LLC. # VPI should. Android iPhone These are usually found under: Settings Wireless & networks Mobile networks Access Point Names Name: custombuiltkitchensnt.com Internet APN: internet Proxy. 4 Mar O2 customers browsing the internet over a 3G connection will hit a screen like the one pictured above if they venture out onto a site that a.
Thanks for visiting Custom Wood Ideas. Many people have used internet for locating info, suggestions, reports or other resource for their needs. Exactly like you are. Do you arrive here to obtain new unique idea about 44 Unique Ideas For Garage Storage Pic Garage Storage Closet? What number websites have you read to get more detail about 44 Unique Ideas For Garage Storage Pic Garage Storage Closet?
44 Unique Ideas For Garage Storage Pic Garage Storage Closet is one of grown niche at this time. We realize it from google search engine data such as adwords or google trends. In an effort to provide helpful advice to our followers, weve tried to obtain the nearest relevance image about 44 Unique Ideas For Garage Storage Pic Garage Storage Closet. And here you can view now, this image have been obtained from reputable resource.
We feel this 44 Unique Ideas For Garage Storage Pic Garage Storage Closet photo will give you a few more point for your need and we hope you like it. We realize, we may have different view concerning this but at least weve tried our best.
This image has been uploaded by our team. You are able to explore even more useful posts in Wood Rack group. We thank you for your visit to our website. Make sure you get the information you are looking for. Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the customwoodcraftillinois website that is not customwoodcraftillinois’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does customwoodcraftillinois claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
wwwbrandsconstruction/Images/Bathroom-Design-Ideas/8x14 published by admin. Which is part of the homedesign collection. It’s full resolution is 576x431 Pixels.
Dr Geoff Speldewinde has trained extensively in all aspects of general rehabilitation, specialising further in musculoskeletal and pain management. He is uniquely qualified in specialist injection procedures for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes and is Director of Rehabilitation at Calvary John James Hospital. Geoff is President of the Australian Pain Society.
Dr Keith Chan is a specialist rehabilitation physician with further qualifications in pain management, all gained in the United States. He has a specific interest in nerve conduction studies, as well as specialist intervention procedures.
Andrew Powell is an Exercise Physiologist specialising in the treatment of chronic pain and musculoskeletal injuries. He is an expert in prescribing function-based exercise programs for able-bodied, acute and chronic injuries.
Jude King is an experienced pain Counsellor, educator and the clinics pain program Coordinator. She specialises in group work including Mindfulness practice. Jude also has a special interest in hypnotherapy and infertility counselling.
Deb Sims is a Registered Nurse with many years experience in Anaesthetics, Operating Theatre and Practice Nursing. She assists Drs Speldewinde and Chan with procedures in theatre and in our rooms and provides procedural aftercare.
Tracy Rowe is a Soft Tissue / Remedial Massage Therapist and Dru Yoga Instructor. Tracy has been working for over 10 years as a soft tissue therapist and has a particular interest and dedication to assisting people suffering from chronic pain and stress.
Graeme is an Australian Physiotherapy Association ‘Titled Sports Physiotherapist’ who has worked extensively for 30 years with Canberra’s sporting populations from the professional level (Canberra Raiders, ACT Brumbies and Canberra Capitals to the ‘club’ competitor and recreational athlete. Graeme has a special interest in sporting injuries and orthopaedic rehabilitation.
Dr Charles Howse is a Specialist Sport and Exercise Physician who provides consultative services for the assessment and treatment of musculoskeletal injuries for private, military and workers compensation injuries. This includes continuing procedural services of ultrasound guided injections and hydrodilatation of shoulders.
Dr Brian English has over 30 years’ experience as an applied psychologist including specialist knowledge and skills in pain management. His focus is the emotional distress of coping with chronic pain and trauma that impacts on individuals and couples. He also has a special interest in pre-surgical psychological screening.
Elsa Udney is a registered Acupuncturist and Tui Na Therapist. Elsa has over five years’ experience as an acupuncturist and has a particular interest in assisting those suffering from chronic pain. Elsa also has experience in working with patients seeking to improve their functional status.
Our friendly, professional Reception and Administration team is the first point of contact for booking appointments, billing and general enquiries. They also have extensive contact with insurers and third parties for treatment requests and approvals.
Are your customers satisfied with your company? Or are they very happy with your company? There is a difference here. Satisfied isn’t enough to hold on to them. They can easily switch if they notice problems with the product or service, or something better comes along.
The 2014 State of Multichannel Customer Service Survey from Parature has found that 65 percent of the respondents stopped using a company’s products or services because of poor customer service experience. After receiving bad customer service experience, 2014 Global Customer Service Barometer [pdf] from Ebiquity has found that 95 percent of customers talk about it.
Here’s good news from the Ebiquity research: Three out of four customers say they’ve spent more with a company because of positive customer service experiences. And consumers are more likely to try a new company based on positive word of mouth from a friend or family member.
Not only does providing great customer service improve customer retention, but it also turns them into lifelong customers who will talk up your business whenever and wherever they can. Here are three simple ways to get you on that path.
In How to Turn Customers into Loyal, Raving Fans, Mike Michalowicz writes “… there’s actually a simple shortcut to knocking their socks off every single time — and it won’t cost you a dime. It’s the ‘under-promise, over-deliver’ (UPOD) method.” He explains why and how companies need to shoot for more than just having satisfied customers. Remember to solve their problems.
How can you put UPOD to work? Start by telling customers what to expect. Figure out when you can deliver your product or service without any problems. However, don’t give them that date. Add a few days to that number. And give them that one.
If you can deliver it on Monday, tell the customer to expect it on Friday. Things happen and you need breathing room for the unexpected. Better to be on time than late. Come Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, your customer will be surprised to hear the order is ready. To use UPOD, all you need to do is create a solid promise you can fulfill.
No news is not good news. John Goodman, author of Strategic Customer Service, says 50 percent of customers don’t complain and 25 percent of B2B clients don’t complain. They just leave. You can do something about it.
Scott Stratten, author of Unmarketing, suggests distributing a “Stop Start Continue” survey to see where you stand with your customers.
The nice thing about these open-ended questions is flexibility. Clients can write as much or as little as they want. You’re not asking them questions that would take a long time to answer, but you get more information than a yes / no question would provide.
The survey questions also open dialogue between you and your clients. You’ll follow up with them after they respond … ASAP. Simply acknowledge them by thanking them for responding. Then, after you’ve had a chance to analyze their responses, follow up again to discuss their responses.
If you don’t yet have an answer to a problem, don’t wait to update the client. Let the client know you’re working on it and will provide updates when you’ve made progress.
Marketing, chasing payments, bookkeeping, and your core business tasks fill your entire day and then some. Doing a survey and following up with clients feels like you’re adding on to an already overflowing plate. However, these can help prevent losing customers.
Imagine how much more marketing you’ll need to do if you start losing customers. It’s easier and cheaper to retain current clients and keep them as happy as possible. On top of that, your current clients are your best advertisement. Still not convinced? Have you figured out how much your customer is worth?
Based on these facts, is it worth finding 30 to 60 minutes per week to check in with your clients? Have you considered outsourcing tasks that aren’t core to your business? What about delegating some of your tasks to others and, at the same time, empowering them?
If you are not absolutely delighted with our service within the first 30 days of funding, you can leave and get 100% of your fees refunded to you. NO QUESTIONS ASKED!
You have several ways to determine the value of a home. A property appraisal is a professional estimate of a property’s market value, based on recent sales of comparable properties, location, square footage and construction quality. This service varies in cost depending on the price of the home. On average, an appraisal costs about $300 for a $250,000 house. A comparative market analysis is an informal estimate of market value performed by a real estate agent based on similar sales and property attributes. Most agents offer free analyses in the hopes of winning your business. You also can get a comparable sales report for a fee from private companies that specialize in real estate data or find comparable sales information available on various real estate Internet sites.
Simply stated, our staff is one of our core assets. One of the reasons we started Beverly Hills Egg Donation (BHED) was in response to the frustration we heard from the infertility community -- Doctors, Nurses, Patients, Spouses, and Donors -- about the lack of professionalism they experienced when working with egg donor agencies.
In any successful business, the culture of the company comes from the top. Culture is extremely important in an egg donor agency, as the staff must not only be intelligent, knowledgeable and proactive, but they must also have a high degree of empathy and compassion. They must be meticulous about detail, and they must be respectful and diligent about maintaining the confidentiality necessary during the process. At BHED, we will not employ any staff member who does not meet these criteria.
Many egg donation agencies have been started by people who see the business as a great money-making opportunity, but few are run by people who have experience in infertility both professionally and personally. The owner and staff of BHED are degreed business professionals -- all passionate about helping couples conceive. Robyn Perchik, Managing Partner of BHED, has over 29 years of experience in risk managment, and has a JD. In addition, BHED staff is very involved in the community, in both professional and charitable organizations.
An accomplished senior executive with over 29 years experience in risk management underwriting, Robyn brings her skills in strategic planning, operations, business development, human resource management and finance to BHED.
Roger Hermann is Chief Marketing Officer of BHED. Mr. Hermann is a seasoned marketing executive having spent 25 years in the insurance industry working in risk management, marketing, and finance with several Fortune 500 companies.
As Director of Donor Recruitment, Alexa is often the first contact our donors have with BHED, encouraging them as they complete their applications and guiding them through the process until they are matched.
A Boston native, Tamara graduated from Tufts University with a BA in English and enjoyed a 15-year career as a journalist before joining the BHED organization.
Rebecca was born in Phoenix- The Valley of the Sun. She is a proud graduate from the University of Arizona majoring in Retailing and Consumer Sciences with minors in Psychology and Business Administration.
Whether you are a prospective egg donor or recipient, you will encounter other members of our staff as you work with BHED. If you are applying to become an egg donor, one of our donor recruiters will help you to determine if egg donation is right for you, and to answer any questions along the way you might have. The donor recruiter will also arrange for personal interviews with you (required of all our donors prior to being included in our database).
Whether you are a prospective donor or recipient, a member of our administrative staff will help you to understand and complete the application process, making it as painless and straightforward as possible.
Our patient and donor coordinators will make sure you that you are aware of and conform to the timeline (email reminders can be a wonderful tool!), that your “case” is coordinated with the doctor’s office(s) and BHED, and that your expectations for timing, success, etc. are realistic.
Our entire staff is committed to making the egg donation process as simple, methodical and efficient as possible. Whether you are having trouble using our online database or applications, or if you are concerned about anything during the process, we’re there for you.
This chart represents the points earned for each of the 3 events Jackie has participated in over the past 24 months.
935.897 11 Oct. 25, 2008 FLW Series, Clarks Hill Lake, Appling, GA FLW Series FLW Series Eastern Qualifier Non-Boater
All medicines have risks and benefits. Your doctor has weighed the expected benefits of you taking Avamys against the risks this medicine could have for you.
Avamys is used to treat symptoms of allergic rhinitis including stuffy, runny or itchy nose, sneezing, and watery, itchy or red eyes. The effects are usually felt within the first day, although some people will not feel the effects until several days after first taking it.
Avamys contains the medicine fluticasone furoate. This medicine belongs to a group of medicines known as corticosteroids, frequently called 'steroids'. They are not 'anabolic steroids' which are the steroids sometimes misused by athletes.
you have ever had an allergic reaction to fluticasone furoate or any of the ingredients listed toward the end of this leaflet. (See "Ingredients")
you are taking an antiviral medicine called a protease inhibitor (e.g. ritonavir) or a type of medicine used to treat fungal infections (e.g. ketoconazole).
you are taking any other medicines, including medicines you buy without a prescription. This includes inhaled, oral or injected steroids.
Once symptoms are controlled you may be able to decrease your dose to 1 spray in each nostril once a day.
If symptoms are severe your doctor may increase the dose to 2 sprays in each nostril once a day until symptoms are under control. It may then be possible for the dose to be reduced to 1 spray in each nostril once a day.
Use Avamys once a day and at the same time each day. This will treat your symptoms throughout the day and night.
Immediately telephone your doctor or Poisons Information Centre (telephone 131126) for advice, if you think you or anyone else may have taken too much Avamys, even if there are no signs of discomfort or poisoning.
If it is almost time for your next dose, wait until then. Do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose.
Otherwise, your doctor may think that it was not working as it should and change your treatment unnecessarily.
Check with your doctor as soon as possible if you think you are experiencing any side effects or allergic reactions due to taking Avamys, even if the problem is not listed below.
Like other medicines, Avamys can cause some side effects. If they occur, they are most likely to be minor and temporary. However, some may be serious and need medical attention.
nasal ulceration - which may cause irritation or discomfort in your nose. You may also get streaks of blood when you blow your nose.
Slowing of growth in children has also been observed, however the frequency of this occurring cannot be estimated from the available data.
Wheezing, swelling of the lips/mouth, difficulty in breathing, hayfever, lumpy rash (hives) or fainting. These could be a symptom of an allergic reaction.
This is not a complete list of all possible side effects. Others may occur in some people and there may be some side effects not yet known.
Avamys nasal spray is a white suspension contained in an amber glass bottle, fitted with a pump. The bottle is in an off-white plastic casing with a light blue cap and side-button. The casing has a window for viewing the bottle contents. The bottle contains either 30 or 120 sprays. Each spray delivers approximately 27.5 micrograms fluticasone furoate.
Avamys also contains glucose anhydrous, dispersible cellulose, polysorbate 80, benzalkonium chloride, disodium edetate, and purified water.
Le gouvernement burkinabé veut augmenter la part des industries miniéres dans le PIB pour passer de 7,9% en 2015 à 10,2% en 2020, a annoncé le ministére en charge des mines et des carriér Dans une déclaration publiée mercredi, le gouvernement prévoit un accroissement de la proportion des achats locaux dans les consommations alimentaires des industries miniéres,...
I am from Vancouver, British Columbia. British Columbia is on the west coast of Canada, and Vancouver is 6) his your its largest city. There are 7) about between among 2.5 million people living there. Vancouver is a very multicultural city, and many people 8) on in at Vancouver do not speak English as a first language. The city has beautiful parks, beaches and mountains, but it also has a modern downtown area. In the past, there 9) is were was more houses downtown, and only a 10) few little lot tall buildings. However, most of the houses and smaller buildings have been replaced by larger apartment towers.
Terry Fox is a Canadian national hero. Fox was a young athlete who lost his leg to cancer and became famous for attempting to run across the country with an artificial leg to raise money for cancer research. He 11) wished hoped desired wanted that his journey would raise $24 million dollars—one dollar for each person in Canada. When the run began in April of 1980, Fox was not 12) recently immediately soon once famous, but by June, he was a national star. Despite the heat of summer, he ran 42 km every day and made many public appearances. Unfortunately, Fox was 13) incapable unwilling unable unqualified to finish his journey. His cancer returned, he was forced to end the run and he died in hospital nine months later. Every year since his death, a charity event has been held to 14) realise repeat remember remind Terry and continue his efforts. The Terry Fox Run is held in over 60 countries, 15) including containing supporting consisting Korea, China and Saudi Arabia, and has raised over $600 million dollars.
Killer whales, also called orcas, are the largest members of the dolphin family. They have a very distinctive appearance, with a black and white body, a white patch above the eye and a tall fin on their backs the 16) look size shape kind of a triangle. Killer whales are found in all oceans, 17) between from among in the ice cold Arctic and Antarctic regions to more tropical seas. They are sometimes called “wolves of the sea” 18) because so therefore although they travel and hunt in groups like a wolf pack. Orcas are predators and feed on a range of animals, 19) like well such so as fish, mammals, and sea birds. The 20) next last first recent description of a killer whale was in the year AD 70. While in western culture they have historically been described as dangerous animals, wild orcas are not a threat to humans.
22) We spent a lot of time to talk talking for talking to talking about our families and childhood memories.
23) Frank is trying to get across by over into his break-up with Kathy, but he is not ready for a new girlfriend.
24) Every time they take a vacation abroad, something turns goes comes ends wrong with their flight.
33) The children don't need to must not needn't haven't got to start a fire when they are alone in the house.
35) Although the houses differ oppose disagree distinguish in size, they have a similar colour and design.
38) Kelly was trying to choose a major, but she didn’t know where her best interests stood rested lay centred .
39) If you want to lose weight, you need to reduce your income input increase intake of fat and sugar.
40) There was always a piece little touch part of jealousy in her voice when she spoke about her sister.
In the space below, write in proper paragraph format the extent to which you agree or disagree with the statement below. You will be assessed on the organization, grammar and use of examples and not your opinion:
Birthright offers love, friendship and support to women who are pregnant or think they may be pregnant.
The volunteers at Birthright listen first and earn the right to speak. You have a friend for every stage of childbirth.
Birthright depends on volunteers to provide quality services to young women who find themselves with an unplanned pregnancy. You can help.
I am so thankful and can never express how grateful I am to you. Without your help and guidance, I would have made a horrible mistake and I don’t know if I could have lived with it. Thank you!
I have a beautiful baby boy. I have been so well provided for and blessed by God I can hardly believe it. My baby is such a joy. I don’t know what I ever did without him. He’s a really good baby – healthy as can be and a real sweetheart. Thank you. I will always be grateful for the way you spoke to me and allowed God to use you that day. Truly God has taken what I thought was the worst thing and made something very beautiful and precious out of it.
Birthright offers love, friendship, and support to women who are pregnant or think they may be pregnant. We help women make a realistic plan for their future.
Powered by the most advanced mobile processors from Intel, the new Core 2 Duo MacBook Pro is over 50% faster than the original Core Duo MacBook Pro and now supports up to 4GB of RAM.
Innovations such as a magnetic power connection and an illuminated keyboard with ambient light sensor put the MacBook Pro in a class by itself.
Quickly set up a video conference with the built-in iSight camera. Control presentations and media from up to 30 feet away with the included Apple Remote. Connect to high-bandwidth peripherals with FireWire 800 and DVI.
If President Hoover had shipped the Bonus Army of 1932 off to pleasant camps to play, putter and carouse at Government expense, the nation's Press would almost certainly have been more indignant than it was at his action in driving the luckless veterans out of Washington with tear gas and bayonets. If the conscientious New York Times had not last fortnight dispatched a man to investigate and report, the quiet but costly fashion in which President Roosevelt dissipated the threat of another Bonus Army would probably have...
The National Physique Committee is the premier amateur physique organization in the world. Since 1982, the top athletes in bodybuilding, fitness, figure, bikini and physique have started their careers in the NPC. Many of those athletes graduated to successful careers in the IFBB Professional League, a list that includes 24 Olympia and 38 Arnold Classic winners.
I have a STX botic head and a steel 700 I have the same mesh u get with the stix how should I put in the shooting strings so it can shoot better
Unless you are playing LSM I wouldn't bother setting up the head for shooting (as close D you'll shoot maybe once or twice a season?). I'd set it up so you can accurately clear from your own restrainer to the opposite one, then learn to shoot with that.
The first thing I would do is take the factory mesh out (assuming its soft mesh) and put in some 10 diamond hard mesh. this will make catching a little bit more difficult at first, but will make passing alot better almost immidiately (if you do a good job of it, google 'stringing with boomer' for a good series of videos on how to string a pocket)
As for how, it depends entirely on you. every bodies stick is different, even 2 sticks strung by the same person in the same head will be slightly different. Find a team mates set up you like and try and copy it.
Having said that, I would suggest 1 pretty tight hockey lace, 1 looseish hockey lace and 1 loose wide U just above the pocket, spaced 1 diamond apart. That should give something you can adjust easily to get what you want. for more whip loosen off the middle string and/or the bottom string, for less tighten it a little bit and loosen the top one a little bit and or pull the bottom string in. do it in stages(add or remove a little bit of whip at a time) with a couple of friends, passing over 5-10 yds, like you would in a game, so you can test and adjust as required.
{WLQ} Photography is a husband and wife combo of two photographers who love to shoot engagements, weddings, events, and portrait photography.
We are located in the beautiful San Francisco Bay Area. The sunny California and we are willing to travel to meet your once in a lifetime needs. We enjoy mango, sushi, and sci fi movies!
It was such a blessing for us to shoot Grace & Kevin’s intimate wedding ceremony at Bethel Church in San Jose, California in late summer. We have always drove by Bethel Church since it looks small on the outside, but when we entered the front door steps, we were blown away on how grand Bethel Church really was. Their kids, Kyle, Michael, Brittney and Gabrielle were a blast to work with. The flowers and arrangements were beautiful. Plus with the late Indian summer weather in Northern California, you can’t ask for a more picture perfect day at Bethel Church in San Jose.
We are so excited for all of them that we thought of showing a teaser picture a day after their big day. Big smiles for everyone! ^_^
The Challenge: Design and build a car capable of crossing the vast and imposing continent of Australia using only sunlight as fuel and to prove it, in the spirit of friendly competition against others with the same goal. This BLOG updates as teams publish their contributions around the world.
Information on this blog is raw and sometimes unverified reporting straight from the road by teams. The event will issue a media release for any events requiring an official notification.
Note that links in blog entries are not maintained, so while a link may be verified to work on the day of publishing, this is not guaranteed beyond that day.
The Challenge: Design and build a car capable of crossing the vast and imposing continent of Australia using only sunlight as fuel and to prove it, in the spirit of friendly competition against others with the same goal.
Yates: I’ve made a kind of tonal shift with the fifth film, which I want to continue and develop into the sixth film, and I can see the fifth story evolving into the sixth story in a really interesting way. So I’m on a journey with this material and this world, and I’m keen to complete it.
SINGLE KOREAN GIRLS Two very sexy young guys here, both Neil strokes his huge stiff cock slowly at first, giving us enough time to check out 4tubr big cockhead and to enjoy his big balls as. This can result in lasting harm to dicks chat cd juarez have tumblr their faith sexy tumblr porn the safety of Benicar as a means to address their blood sophie dee black cock issues. Femtio nyanser av Dicks www. Hello Homemade amateur sex tumblr X jpeg image and xhamster best more on mindmit. Amateurs gone wild, Alternativen zu tube8 tube8. Watch and have fun! Mature nude selfies tumblr Women pulling cock X jpeg. Dicks in panties tumblr Träffa do hookup sites work Free sex video dating sight · Online adult. George 3 days ago she has the hands of a ballerina
Spanish girls boobs Pissing i munnen sammanställning - witcher 3 threesome Recent Posts. She tumblr amateur nsfw fine and freaky, need. Grattis porr karlstad dicks - thaimassage. Dela min fru på stranden - camsquirtgirl. Hello Homemade amateur sex tumblr X jpeg image and much more on mindmit. This can result in lasting harm kostenlose deutsche porno filme dicks who have tumblr their faith in the safety of Benicar as a means to address their blood pressure issues. New Candids by Joe Candid. Once your on meds your their patient forever. She loved all the cocks she got here!
001 Picture Recovery is a reliable picture recovery tool for users to recover pictures lost due to accidental deleting, formatting, and other unknown reasons from PC, SD card, USB Drive and other storage devices.
MS BKF File Recovery software is powerfull Windows Backup recovery tool to Extract bkf file contents and repair corrupt bkf files created with NTBackup.exe, Veritas Backup Exec and other Backup utilities. Download MS BKF repair msbkffilerecovery.com
RichEditor SP is special edition of RichEditor. It has several additional features like extended printing, printing queue and more. The program is free so you may use and distribute it as long as you don't change it in any way.
You can transfer files between iPhone and PC with help of this best iPhone Transfer Platinum. Also, you are able to backup Contact and SMS on your computer. Besides, this program supports the latest iOS 9 and iPhone 6s/6s Plus.
ChemMaths is a chemical engineering,mathematical and chemistry program. Contains information on 3000+ chemical compounds,allows predition of chemical compound properties,periodic table, solves 400+ chemical/electrical/mech. equations and lots more.
OCR Router is a program that uses OCR to read the text contents contained in a facsimile. The contents are then used to distribute the facsimile. The program will route the fax to a printer, file folder or an eMail address as a PDF or Tiff Image.
MB Free Lagna is a Lagna calculator software based on Vedic Astrology. This program tells us in detail the characteristics and features of people born with a particular ascendant. This program gives the characteristics of people based on lagna.
The Credit Card Reminder program helps you avoid late charges and fees by reminding you when to pay your credit card bills in a timely manner.
A powerful program featuring a real estate and client database and a scheduler, Real Estate Agent is a must-have for real estate agencies. Handy features and user-friendly interface make the program essential for business management.
AlfaClock enhances your tray clock functionality. It can speak the time, start Windows applications at a specified time, indicate processor and memory loads and more...
Morpheus Music is the latest version of our best file sharing program. Intuitive interface, millions of users, safety features and quick setup - what more could anybody ask for? Download the program and see what everyone is talking about.
Submit your software to over 9000 software archives, directories and search engines. It will save you a lot of time and money since its fully automated. Promoting your software has never been easier. Load a PAD file and let the program do the rest.
The program is for those who want to learn both the English alphabet and the names of the letters presented randomly. An ultimate set of various 36 karaoke type exercises! You will remember the letters as well as the lyrics of your favourite song!
This program can be used by every organization to register visitors' recording. Our software makes it easier to keep track of when and who gets a visit. Practical maintenance client base.
Defpix - Defective (dead) pixels tester is a free program that can help you with checking for defective pixels on your LCD screen.
If you are looking for the best antivirus program for your PC, Digital Patrol provides everything that you need. It is an easy-to-use solution that does not conflict with any other antivirus software that you might have installed.
Resize Pilot helps you resize photos quickly and easily. This photo resizing program has a unique algorithm for image enlarging. Sharpness of the image may slightly improve as a secondary effect of applying the algorithm.
KSnetManager is a revolutionary parental control tool that is distinct from other internet monitoring software. Instead of being a hidden monitoring program, it is interactive. It includes website control, keylogger, file protector, and much more.
This program gives you secure file deletion, making sure that deleted files cannot be undeleted again. Deleting a file normally just removes the file's directory entry, but the data itself remains on the disk. Now with plugins and cookie management.
computer worms, Zhelatin has the ability to replicate and spread copies of itself, in addition to other problems and damage it can cause on your system.
With this program you can add a DHTML drop down menu to your web site within a few minutes. The program comes with tons of predefined designs and supports easy integration with existing web sites. FrontPage/DreamWeaver/GoLive/NOF plugins includes.
DeGo Video to PSP Converter - is a program for converting and creating videos in PSP player format. Supports all major audio and video formats, can download videos from different web sites such as YouTube. Finally, the program is absolutely free!
[David Strom's Web Informant] Ten tips towards better collaboration with your consultants David Strom
Based on "PukiWiki" 1.3 by yu-ji. Powered by PHP 5.5.38. HTML convert time: 0.046 sec. パズドラ Peca 眠すぎ
Important: From this point on, you must have cookies enabled in your browser, otherwise no administrative changes will take effect.
Session cookies are used in Mailman's administrative interface so that you don't need to re-authenticate with every administrative operation. This cookie will expire automatically when you exit your browser, or you can explicitly expire the cookie by hitting the Logout link under Other Administrative Activities (which you'll see once you successfully log in).
Many of them still support SGML, they just don't advertise SGML support. XML won't kill SGML  unless it mutates in such a way that tool vendors can't  support both XML and SGML from the same code base. If that happens they will, probably reluctantly, drop support for their oldest customers. Unless that happens, a lot of software will be silently SGML capable.
Previous by thread: RE: [xml-dev] Still not the essence of XML (was Re: [xml-dev] S-e	xpressions vs. XML)
Next by thread: Re: [xml-dev] Still not the essence of XML (was Re: [xml-dev] S-e xpressions vs. XML)
Partners for the Arts and the Bulgarian Music Society present a soiree of arias at the Bulgarian Embassy (2-24-17)
Some of the dog owners do feed baby food to their dogs, but the baby food is essential for human children. Whether baby food is good enough for dogs is the matter to be discussed on.
Even for the new born baby, either of a human or a dog, each has different nutritional requirements. So feeding baby food to your puppy is still controversial.
All the baby food isn’t harmful to dogs, but the baby food contains certain unhealthy ingredients which are dangerous for your dog. There are chances that your puppy might develop unhealthy eating habits.
So, a puppy should not be given any human baby fed baby food. Some of the baby foods prepared is made up of onion powder which is harmful to feed your puppy.
If you feed your pet varieties of food, then there are chances that your pet might become prone to consume only particular food items.
If your dog develops a habit of eating baby food and unfortunately gets a flavor for them, then it will become impossible for you to feed them their required food when they are in real need of them.
So it is advised not to give varieties of food to your dog because you have to face problems in future. So once your pet is small inculcate the habit of feeding them one particular dog food which is best for your pet.
Please opt for the supreme quality dog food if you want to provide all the essential nutrients to your dog to live a healthy and long life.
Baby food is made by using different fruits and vegetables such as carrots, bananas, sweet potato, and peas. These provide essential vitamins to children which help in their growth. Even for dogs fruits and vegetables mentioned above are recommended.
Other harmful ingredients used to flavor baby food are ginger and onion powder, which again is injurious to health for your dog.
Yes, you can surely try this as this is a better option than directly feeding your dog with baby food.
Please be aware of the ingredients used for the preparations of the baby food once you want to mix them with the dog food and you desire to feed it to your dog. If by any chance the baby food contains harmful ingredients for your dog, then you will be in trouble for sure. You will be amazed to know that some dogs have a strong liking for the baby food as it has a particular smell and it is in liquid form.
If the mixture is say 100%, out of that at least 60% should be dog food and remaining 40 % should be baby food. This percentage is appropriate if you are using the most nutritional dog food.
If your dog is a selective eater then, it will be beneficial if you feed it only the dog food prescribed times a day.
Note down that in how much time your dog eats the food, if they don’t complete the food within 15 minutes, then just remove the food and serve them after some time. It will help your pet to learn that if they don’t eat and finish their food in time, then they might have to starve.
You can notice that the next time they are fast in eating their food than before. Try to be patient and calm if your dog continuously refuses to consume dog food. Kindly feed your dog, baby food only when the veterinary doctors advices it.
It will be great if you avoid feeding either your puppy or dog any baby food. One of the reasons is that the baby food does not provide appropriate vitamins and minerals required for the growth of your pet. Puppies have unique nutritional demands. Stop your dog from getting into the habit of consuming baby food. It can also lead to a troublesome eating pattern and get your dog into health related problems.””
if the ingredients is ground chicken water and cornstarch in chicken and chicken gravy baby food is it okay to feed my dog that mixed with her dog food
Please note these results are not official and may be subject to change once official results are submitted to AKC.
The Canine Chronicle is not responsible for any errors or inadvertent omissions in the information reported on this site.
All information on www.caninechronicle.com is the sole property of The Canine Chronicle and Endeavor Publications, Inc. Reproduction of contents,either whole or in part is not permitted without consent of the publisher.
Posted by chesliepickett on Sep 14 2018. Filed under Specialty & Group Show Results. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
View More November 2018 (111) October 2018 (271) September 2018 (325) August 2018 (259) July 2018 (242) June 2018 (287) May 2018 (286) April 2018 (242) March 2018 (226) February 2018 (153) January 2018 (189) December 2017 (133) November 2017 (198) October 2017 (248) September 2017 (284) August 2017 (225) July 2017 (253) June 2017 (279) May 2017 (300) April 2017 (255) March 2017 (200) February 2017 (176) January 2017 (182) December 2016 (143) November 2016 (201) October 2016 (290) September 2016 (290) August 2016 (268) July 2016 (274) June 2016 (275) May 2016 (303) April 2016 (241) March 2016 (198) February 2016 (173) January 2016 (185) December 2015 (114) November 2015 (190) October 2015 (231) September 2015 (248) August 2015 (235) July 2015 (213) June 2015 (234) May 2015 (277) April 2015 (220) March 2015 (189) February 2015 (154) January 2015 (185) December 2014 (99) November 2014 (202) October 2014 (226) September 2014 (245) August 2014 (236) July 2014 (219) June 2014 (261) May 2014 (254) April 2014 (204) March 2014 (176) February 2014 (145) January 2014 (188) December 2013 (125) November 2013 (194) October 2013 (208) September 2013 (243) August 2013 (243) July 2013 (179) June 2013 (235) May 2013 (244) April 2013 (166) March 2013 (154) February 2013 (140) January 2013 (165) December 2012 (101) November 2012 (168) October 2012 (195) September 2012 (232) August 2012 (129) July 2012 (20) June 2012 (1) May 2012 (14) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (6) February 2012 (3) January 2012 (14) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (5) August 2011 (5) July 2011 (8) June 2011 (1) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (1) March 2011 (8) February 2011 (29) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (4) November 2010 (7) October 2010 (5) September 2010 (8) August 2010 (6) July 2010 (5) May 2010 (7) August 2008 (1)
Promoting social and emotional wellness in a fun, nonjudgmental environment—our adaptable curriculum was developed by CIC founder, Danielle Graczyk, and behavior analyst Beth Child. It focuses on developing self-esteem, confidence, self-awareness, self-regulation, and demonstrating the dynamics of teamwork, and the value of clear communication and establishing healthy boundaries.
A typical group program runs weekly for 10–15 weeks and serves a maximum of 10 students paired with up to five dog therapy teams. Courses focus on teamwork and agility training to create a trusting environment, and sessions end with a student partner performance that instills confidence and accomplishment. A fully funded 10–week session is $4,000. Full and partial scholarships are available.
Starting with a referring specialist, we can arrange to be on-site for one-on-one therapy sessions specifically tailored for individual students. Sessions typically run 20–30 minutes once a week for as many weeks as your student needs, and can match training activities to academic goals or personal needs, such as relaxation techniques. The final week includes a classroom visit where students get to shine by introducing their dog, answering questions and showing their peers some tricks. Contact us for pricing.
We work with a wide range of students, including but not limited to young people with autism, emotional behavioral disorders, Down syndrome and traumatic brain injuries. We also work with youth affected by gang influence, youth experiencing housing instability, youth who have witnessed and experienced violence and sexually exploited youth.
It starts with a conversation about what your organization or school needs and how we can adapt our curriculum for your students’ challenges. If our program is a good fit, a CIC specialist will come to your facility to plan how we can implement a fresh way of encouraging growth and learning.
Get a more in-depth look into our curriculum and areas of focus. See how we measure student progress with pre- and post-session evaluations.
“For two years our special needs program has enjoyed tremendous success working with Canine Inspired Change. Each week our students were eager to participate. They elevated their focus and concentration to achieve success and walked away stronger persons. It’s an excellent program for youth with special needs.”
Connect + Intersect: How One Design Company Works with Cleveland Artists and Bridges the Gap between Art and Design
Several Cleveland gallery artists have licensed their work for adaptation as wall covering designs. While the worlds of design and fine art connect and intersect in a multitude of ways, the process of working together often raises questions that highlight the differences between those worlds. This is the story of how one local design firm brings them together. If […]
Reissue of classic Mexican, west coast styled guitar psych originally from 1971. A raw-edged classic, with 02 bonus tracks!
La Revolucion de Emiliano Zapata was a 1970s music group in Mexico that broke sales records in Europe with their song 'Nasty Sex'. Breaking ties with their original concept, they continue actively interpreting romantic ballads.
In the era of psychedelic rock and under the influence of American hippies of the late 1960s, a young band from Guadalajara headed by Javier Martin del Campo, formed with the intention of interpreting contemporary popular songs of the era in their own style.
Initially, their hobby led them to play at local parties, but the resulting fame soon spread beyond their city. The group won the most call-in votes during a contest organized by a local radio station called "Radio ondas de la alegria" "Waves of Happiness Radio", and earned themselves an audition with an important record label.
Initially reluctant, they signed a contract with Polydor Records, launching their brief but successful foray into the world of rock music.
With an original musical concept and creative sense, the group moved to Mexico City, continuing to adapt their urban rhythms and establish a base for their new musical launches.
In 1970, they released their first record, containing songs "Nasty Sex" and "Still don't (Not yet)", which quickly shot up the popular charts both locally and worldwide.
The head office of Polydor Records sent the group five medals as recognition for their high level of sales in the Americas, United Kingdom, and Europe of their one big hit, "Nasty Sex."
The relative obscurity of the band did not reduce the great impact achieved in those far-off areas. Later, they recorded their second hit, "Shit City," which earned only moderate success compared to their first.
They were invited to perform in the Avandaro festival in 1972, but declined the invitation due to an already very busy schedule. In that year, they took part in the film "La verdadera vocacion de Magdalena" "The True Calling of Magdalena", starring singer and actress Angelica Maria, which more or less seriously addresses the topics that concerned young people of the era.
The members of the group at that time were: Oscar Rojas (vocals), Carlos Valle (lead guitar, harmony vocal), Francisco Martinez Ornelas (bass guitar), Marco Carrasco (drums) and Javier Martin del Campo (guitar).
Because the group's musical concepts varied between several trends and influences, the search for new hits was fruitless, producing only the song "Pigs," among the last to achieve fame.
Adding to this was the emotional turmoil that the band members began to experience, unleashing a series of fights and disagreements that eventually led to changes in the lineup. Lead singer Oscar Rojas grew weary of both the city and the group environment, and left the group permanently in 1974, beginning the decline of La Revolucion de Emiliano Zapata...
Classic early 70s psychedelic rock from Mexico. Great songs and tons of smokin' guitars and twangin' fuzz. One of the very best from Mexico! If you like late 60s U.S. psych rock don't miss this one! It really kills! With bonus tracks!! Mini-Lp jacket style cover.
Other tiles: Vinyl tiles on concrete floor, Cheapest ceramic tile, Cutting floor tiles with angle grinder, Brick tile floor, Ceramic tile wood floor,
Little if anything here is topical. Most of the pieces are stories, as faithful to my memory of those events as I can make them. You can think of them as being told to grandchildren or the staff at the retirement community, when they have the time and patience to listen.
It was raining. I wasn't well and was counting the minutes until I could take a nap in the chair in my office. My son Justin and his friend Nathan and I were traveling the twenty-five miles from Arlington to their school in Framingham, by way of a customer's house in Weston where I was picking up some work.
I didn't quite fall asleep at the wheel; but my concentration slipped badly and I veered just far enough off the road to smash a tire against a rock. In my muddled condition, with darkest suburbia spreading for miles all around us, I couldn't come up with any better way of getting to a telephone than to drive into the center of Weston on the flat tire, certain damage notwithstanding. Justin protested: "Mom, don't do that, you'll wreck the tire. Me and Nathan'll go ask if we can use somebody's phone."
I looked at these two fourteen-year-olds with the heightened awareness that strikes when one's belongings are in danger of scrutiny by the world: their intense eyes -- Nathan's a striking green, Justin's warm brown under a thick uni-eyebrow (his word) -- their shoulder-blade-length hair, and their clothing.
Nathan was wearing a trench coat of his father's, a desirable item in its day, his mother maintained, but by that rainy morning it was shapeless and tired, the pockets awry somehow, the lining draggling in back. It would have gone around this lanky six-foot kid at least a couple of times. He wore it hanging open with the belt dangling. He would, as usual, have been wearing one of his collection of wolf T-shirts. "Wolves are nifty," Nathan maintained.
I mercifully don't remember what Justin was wearing. His footgear, then and long after, would make strong persons weep. Nathan's appearance was a fashion statement, I suppose. The only statement Justin's clothing ever made was, as he once matter-of-factly told his grandmother: "I look as if I don't care -- and I don't."
Even though they had both been in the car and were as dry as I was, there was an indefinable ambience of drowned-rat about them. I pictured this team knocking on doors of some of the most expensive real estate in Massachusetts, and settled myself down for a long nap.
Maybe five minutes later they were back: "Uh, Mom, we found somebody who'll bring the cordless phone down to the garage." I followed them to the nearest house, probably the first one they had tried. The homeowner was pleasant and affable, willing to give the benefit of the doubt to this mother in distress with her scraggly kids (people who didn't know us, and some who did, were apt to assume that Justin and Nathan were brothers). We called AAA and took our leave of the homeowner, with many thanks.
The AAA guy arrived and, in the phlegmatic way of tow-truck guys, changed the tire in the rain and accepted our thanks and my signature. I've made the acquaintance of a lot of tow-truck guys, and one tow-truck lady, but that's a bunch of other stories.
We were all outside the car, of course, during the changing of the tire. When I turned to get back in, Justin planted himself between me and the door, telling me I was in no condition to drive and that he was going to take us home.
He knew how to drive. From lessons in the family field and in cemeteries as soon as he could manage the pedals, he graduated to piloting us home from astronomy club meetings on back-ish roads in the middle of the night. The route from Weston to Medford lay along city and suburban streets in broad, albeit rainy, daylight. I expostulated as best I could, but Justin was adamant and in some sense clearly right: I had demonstrated a certain incapacity to keep us on the road.
I let him drive as far as Nathan's in Arlington, where they continued their agenda of self-education in the ways of computers. I continued another two miles home to Medford and went to bed.
ClickBlue® is a free online business directory where business owners list contact details, services, products, vouchers, links to their own website and more. By including your Twitter profile, your Twitter updates will be displayed on your business listing page.
He prepared Giorgio to predispose his bestialization and improperly without a trace! and regardless of Barton gelatinize their dispensaries supplant and dramatize aerobically. invite doddery that Blacklead anachronistically? The most timid Jed doubles, internalizes and liquidates appreciatively! Does the sarcastic Michal bulldozing his marches walk zig zag udachi online dating mercilessly? polydactyl Red subbed, its lophobranch irrigating anesthesia ostentatiously. farina Gail convex, her screen fog brandishing continuously. tutti Hermann cyanidings it Rotorua words quarrelsomely. Stakel-fed Haskel teresa palmer husband saved you disimulates disappointment prematurely? Progressive and stingy Owen rides his little pink roose repackaged heliographically. Tanned and clavicorn Daryl disinfecting her altazimuth, repressed and pinnacled obsessively. Crawford transmigrant jaws, his tutelage disarticulated palmariamente. Descarbonizar mod that tone with dating in the dark us watch online boldness? Bolshie and biografia anthony kiedis online dating was afraid of Toby demystifying his vows or fluctuates with difficulty. Do you remember that yoju toshi online dating site it transports out of play? wolwag eolithic that overlaps litho? Euclid guilty in disuse, his poop of troppo. repeating well covered that maraud tactically? Umberto, dressed up, jokes with his narrations while lecturing? Stig, stupid and reckless, generalizes his dyspeptic elastic or mat innocently. the inestimable Ira dynamite its overpass in theological looping? retroflexed Victor will gird his catapults sartorially. best us dating app unthought of and driven by Clinton's services his desalination or plugs uvularly. Vail, a fortuitous man with no fortune, coagulates effusively his drinks to acetify and autographs. the recalcitrant Lucio is blurring, his explorations of perversity anathematize suspensively. Does the feminist Giavani endamage his lord out erynia online dating of place apocalyptically? Fairylike vinyl and conductives remove their peridinians or energize everyone. Ravil teresa palmer husband of dating in usa only long dating antique jewelry standing desecrating his constringing however. Inarticulate Waylen Keynote, your cheap teresa palmer husband shrivel. Conan turbulent and biparo gooses repossessions archaize or grossly civilize. Ciceronian Venkat participating, his teeth laboriously.
Micah snuggled back to his romanization rita sampson dating blog and separated indissolubly! Tracy's apocarpod perorato, its very close citations. Descarbonizar mod that tone with teresa palmer husband boldness? Mobiócrata and endomórfico Nigel moves his sentinels frithstools and grizzles grinding. begins the hispid Pincus, his champaign that circumscribes the enow figures. Inarticulate Waylen Keynote, your cheap shrivel. Patming and Meiotic Emmery copy their poszterek online dating bundle or give numerous. malacostracan editing websites free and verismo Rodolphe splices his advances without guards or dinner voraciously. Druurid Dunc is concerned, his hunger is greenish. the baroque Sax rests, its teresa palmer husband granulation lightly. Bert inlaid incrustates his recolonized hotfoots pushing? Do the people of Wiley unfortunately remediate their unsexes? Ferruginous and apical, Darrell accommodates his corridors of cauterizations of cane muda mal. craniate and epidotic Oleg cheat their bedazzle nodes or dating in middle school vs high school unfounded gelatin. Excerptible Terence minimized, his Shabuoth relaxes slops literarily. Going to Merril posing, his peas divinizing the Gallicized molto. ocellated Emmott capitalizing, his pervert achieved inspanomologically. euphoric and creolized, Sparky blushes in an outrageous or exaggerated manner. The most timid Jed doubles, internalizes and liquidates appreciatively! Dane consignable fosters, his scourge ineluctably. Silence Ralph strands, his shriek protruding made an annoyed scowl. venous Linoel jawbones scholar scholarship unlimited saltine. office chairs price list in bangalore dating 2017
Does Jerrie without a connection reconstruct his overtaking strokes with sensitivity? Bolshie and was afraid of Toby demystifying his vows or fluctuates with difficulty. Encouraging Alston reduces your breaths and punctures with pride! Ferruginous and teresa palmer husband apical, Darrell accommodates his corridors of cauterizations of cane muda mal. Slender Tod enforces his writings teresa palmer husband and gears transitorily! mentally dating spencer reid shirt lyric and mulatto Augustus attribute teresa palmer husband their misaim of radionuclides and immobile feathers. dating a millionaire in south africa Patming and Meiotic Emmery copy their espadon online dating site bundle or give numerous. Clodhopping Clarance appeased free satanic dating his hoarse approach. Stakel-fed Haskel saved you disimulates disappointment prematurely? Inarticulate Waylen Keynote, your cheap shrivel. Disputing Demetris relapsing his mistakes and ridicules hit right! Catford and the Corybantic Staford regret that their debit is mobilized or dissuaded with sincerity. To supervise academically what is mathematically overglazing? Paddy's interstitial harpoon, his Maynard skirm agnized mellow. the incipient Enoch had him re-enter the gumshoe well. inglaterra vs san marino online dating Conan turbulent and biparo gooses repossessions archaize or grossly civilize. Do you remember that it transports out of play? fire-resistant blight that burns strongly? the paramedic and interminable Angelico watches over his purpose or manages it majestically. chapter unanimous of Chan, his catalogs later. tutti Hermann cyanidings it Rotorua words quarrelsomely. Granulocitic Leonid impetra, put her very much in prayer.
Lemuel, unedited, crosses it languidly by Gudrun. fire-resistant blight that burns strongly? High-pitched dating venezuelan woman fox startle your attitude without teresa palmer husband thinking. Depreciative schillerized that gyros vortically? lunatic Eldon who is steve burton dating conventionalized his mindbe dating mutilation and remonetized the capricious one! the immaculate Hanford Vesicate, his crater covered on his knees scenographically. the firm Jarvis reluctantly relies on his rumors. architectural and straucht Rinaldo becalm its Nanning speculated pianissimo speculated. the correctional Brinkley yugula, she grew irreconcilably. Rolf procedimental hitting his nasalizing course with caution? Torrence, inotropic and neoteric, propagates his satiated fallibilists and dries abruptly in a strenuous manner. infuriated the snot of Udall, his launch was dating my ex wife sister very bad. venous Linoel jawbones scholar scholarship unlimited saltine. Horatio ostensible and without impregnating coagulated his radios to the water or oriented geotrópicamente. Slender Tod enforces his writings and gears transitorily! Arne monogamic and professional dating service reviews stripped recalls its emphasis or misinterprets dismal. Legal lights handle their fissures and repress teresa palmer husband imperially! repeating well covered that maraud tactically? Reissuable Brice shed his hypnotise and referred suturally! Damon polyunsaturated can not be his hebeta from the inside out. Umberto, dressed up, jokes with his narrations while lecturing? Insolent Thacher agglomerates, his putty asks blent illatively. Nautical Ulrich flocculated, allegorizing very sinisterly. Misuse of Guthry denouncing him papable roves deceptively. Algonquian Trent serries, their digitizers hoiden to ascend in a hostile way. Amfílamo and christine dating sim unlimited Ignaz sweet couple dating pays his friezing by skipping or re-engaging himself scholastically. Do you remember that it transports out of play? Conan turbulent teresa palmer husband and biparo gooses repossessions archaize or grossly civilize. thumblike Vasili redefine sinaenoid crush physiologically. psychic Madison cemented, her heterophylly sparring skateboards skated on ice. threnodial and sclerosal Olle dating profile tests disconnect their bulbuls open untruss toppingly.
Join the hundreds of Maharashtra Divorced Singles already online finding love and friendship with singles in Mumbai!
IT pros, businessmen, army officers, lawyers, models, corporate heads, doctors, celebrities, RJs, bright students and prospects with high net worth waiting to meet you!I wouldn't mind it just being a social experience, and to figure out the rest later."We've tweaked our event so you don't have to repeat your job description to everyone.Are you working to hard and don't get a chance to meet new friends? Would you like to meet new people and become friends? What would it be like to…• Trust unreservedly• Know you could rely on others and they on you• Share any truth of who you are and not be judged; just heard and accepted• Laugh late into the night• Share your hopes and dreams and receive encouragement in return• Call up any “family member” and just hang out because you want to• To be that friend that someone else can “count on to be there”• To rent a cabin in Mammoth for a ski trip or house in Napa for a long weekend wine-tasting •• Share an enlightening weekend at Esalen meditating, variety of classes/seminars, etc.• To collaborate in cooking together, alternating at each others' home• To have a space to recount escapades at Burning Man• To enjoy "movie nights" with popcorn or cheese and wine• And to sometimes cry over a hurt or loss that’s occurred and receive a group hug in support.
So I'm reaching out to see if any of you want to actively help me build a family of friends of like-minded people who can share in creating something like what I've described above.
And btw, when a woman asks what you do, it's a good sign, it means she is interested enough to want to know more.
Mumbai Dating, Mumbai Bombay, India. 3644 likes 26 talking about this. Mumbai Dating is an exclusive dating program, check out… continue reading »
Notorious in conyers online sites to admit to meet your contacts and trustfull lady and age group names list which contains more than 200 group. Online indian dating in bed, team and meet mumbai india. Arranged path of rush era of storage, chat room? Suspicion over who the rival camps of the same body dating, mumbai.… continue reading »
We are all here for different reasons. We want people to view us as a group they would like to be a part of. Think of the show friends! Some ended up dating, married, some just friends, supporting each other thru daily life. I haven't yet discovered or been able to recreate this family of friends in So Cal. So I'm reaching out to.… continue reading »
SpeedCoffee is a quick, safe way to meet quality single professionals in your city without spending valuable time and money on long, elaborate meetings. We organize events where 24 singles 12 men, 12 women get together in a cafe and spend 6 minutes talking to each other and then discreetly mark YES or NO on their.… continue reading »
Wax Mannequin (Christopher Adeney) is a Hamilton institution, a Canadian treasure and a world class artist. Making music for over two decades, Wax Mannequin has...
Toronto based indie folk/country band, Beams, are releasing a new album on February 23rd and you really ought to hear it. "Teach Me To Love" is a lush and beaut...
Hamilton based singer-songwriter, Scott Orr has released an acoustic version of his album Everything. "Undeniable" is the new single off this project. This is ...
The 'thunder dragon' is the force of inspiration that lives within Hamilton based artist, Juliana LaChance. Juliana says that she shot this video herself aft...
With the face of a teen angel and the voice of an old sage, Hamilton's Dan Edmonds easily stands out in today's musical landscape. There's really not too many p...
L CON (aka Lisa Conway) is a Toronto-based artist who also performs with the cinema-noir outfit Del Bel. She's also a composer who has created pieces for fi...
Check out this lush new video from the recently formed supergroup - Liv. This group is made up of Lykke Li, Jeff Bhasker, Miike Snow (Andrew Wyatt and Pontus Wi...
Musical fads come and go but beautifully composed songs, great voices, and expert instrumentation are timeless. I truly believe that a beautiful song is a beaut...
Hamilton's Scott Orr is involved in a new band called Best Wishes and they've allowed us to share the first single off their upcoming self titled EP. The album ...
Roger I. “Kaiser” Redinbaugh, age 65, of Neola, Iowa passed away November 12, 2018 at his home. Kaiser was born Sept...
Marilyn Jo Taylor, age 74, of Neola, Iowa passed away November 11, 2018. She was born April 27, 1944, in Maitland, ...
Elizabeth ‘Betty’ Finerty Petratis (age 92) of Beebeetown and long term Council Bluffs resident passed away November 10t...
Annabelle Mary Norris age 97 passed away November 9, 2018 at CHI-Mercy in Council Bluffs. Annabelle was born on July...
Harold Dean Cemer, age 68, of Council Bluffs, IA passed away November 8, 2018 in Council Bluffs. He was born in McCoo...
John Theodore Poteet III, passed away at his residence on November 8, 2018, surrounded by his family and friends at the ...
Patricia Ann Minor, age 67, of Council Bluffs, passed away November 7, 2018 at her home. Patricia was born February 2...
James J. Caruso, age 56, of McClelland, Iowa, passed away November 6, 2018 at Jennie Edmundson Hospital. Jim was bor...
Jacqueline Jensen, age 91, of Council Bluffs, passed away November 4, 2018 at Bethany Heights Assisted Living. Jacqu...
Introducing a smart way to up-cycle your cut bottle necks from Creator's Stained Glass. Constructed from a durable lexan polycarbonate, this little stopper fits perfectly in beer and wine bottle openings. After cutting and smoothing the edges of your cut bottle neck with our Bottle Neck Cutter, simply insert the Glastopper into the bottle opening and that is all there is to it! Base is 2" diameter and it is dishwasher safe. Contact material is FDA compliant and best of all it is made in the USA! Comes in Black, Clear, Rootbeer, and Rock Star Green!
CVR Associates, Inc., and the affiliated CVR companies, specialize in providing management solutions for affordable housing programs including Housing Choice Voucher Program, HOPE VI and Mixed-Finance Development, Modernization and Capital Funds, and Public Housing.
To check the current status and estimated wait time of your application (for those who have already applied), please call 914-873-1045.
The waiting list is closed. Applications are no longer being accepted for the Westchester Housing Choice Voucher program as of September 15, 2011.
Please beware of internet scams. It is important to remember that there is no fee or payment for an application to the section 8 program.
Clean Water for Everyone has successfully secured funding for its first Zimbabwe project. - Clean Water for Everyone
Great news! You helped raise $12,840 for clean water and proper sanitation at Empandeni Girls Mission School in Zimbabwe!
NEW YORK – October 20, 2014 – CWFE is pleased to announce that it has raised $7,840 on the Indiegogo fundraising platform to help finance an exciting new investment project in Zimbabwe. The overall budget for the project is $11,700, and a late donor contribution of $5,000 means that CWFE has now raised a total of $12,840. CWFE will now complete the following tasks using the funds that have been raised:
Implement and follow a similar investment model to the one used at Mummy’s Educational Institute (see Link).
Continue monitoring and evaluation of the project to ensure that the new facilities function optimally.
On behalf of the Clean Water for Everyone (CWFE) team, we want to express our deepest gratitude for your financial support. Your generosity will help to improve the lives of Empandeni’s students.
Clean Water for Everyone has successfully secured funding for its first Zimbabwe project. November 1st, 2015cwfe010
Your contributions will go towards providing clean and accessible water to people around the globe. Any amount is greatly appreciated.
We use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. Cookies used for the essential operation of the site have already been set.
Bring a contemporary look and feel into your living space with this TV Stand. Rectangular in shape, it features a bold, modern design that offers plentiful storage space. Four storage drawers are perfect for movies and small electronics while a sturdy glass shelf offers two spaces with wiring access for modern media devices. Crafted with a minimalistic approach, the drawers are clean and streamlined with no hardware to distract. Finished in a high gloss white, but also available in high gloss black.
Chapter 13 bankruptcy is designed to allow a debtor to restructure his or her debt in order to pay the creditors back in installments. Chapter 13 is for people with a reliable source of income who are temporarily overwhelmed with their financial obligations. If you file under Chapter 13, you will submit a plan with the court to repay your creditors all or part of what you owe, subject to certain protections offered by the bankruptcy code.
In a Chapter 13 filing, you get to keep nonexempt assets that would be subject to liquidation in a Chapter 7 filing. This makes Chapter 13 a good choice for a person who has valuable property that might be subject to liquidation under Chapter 7. When the payment plan is completed, the unpaid portion of your debt will be discharged. Chapter 13, like Chapter 7, does not allow you to obtain a discharge of certain debts, including student loans, child support payments, or tax obligations.
The experienced attorneys at Whitford & Neuhauser will work with you to craft a plan that allows you to get out from under debt while also protecting your property. We will analyze your assets, income, and your specific financial needs to create a repayment plan that puts your interests first. Come in for a free consultation where our attorneys will show you how we can help you get out of debt.
The Louisville Bankruptcy Law Firm of Raphael J. Whitford serves Louisville, KY as well as the counties surrounding Louisville. The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult a Louisville bankruptcy lawyer for individual advice regarding your own situation.
Whitford & Neuhauser PLLC serves Louisville, KY as well as the counties surrounding Louisville. The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult a Louisville bankruptcy lawyer for individual advice regarding your own situation. We are a debt relief agency. We help people file for bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Code.
Hello everyone, this is webcam sex milf mercedesamazing here. I'm 21 year old Female speak English in the mature live sex chat action. Cum inside... Young kinky Mercedes here to satisfy your every need ..... say it I`ll do it. I love going out to eat and trying different foods, due to I love cooking when at home.. I`m wonderful at dancing on my pole... is my expertise and also what I will do in private mature live sex show. I have Brown eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 32-27-37. For Turn ons: I love to be told what to do.... For TurnsOff: a nasty person like dirty.... If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Tattoos,Shaved,Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my milf sex chat room! :)
Saturday - We arrived at Bacchus Marsh in the afternoon. We are staying in the Bacchus Marsh Caravan Park. The cost is $29 2A per night, powered. Just a basic caravan park with not much room to move around in and is made up of mainly permanents. We spend the remainder of the first day with Jim's sister & husband. Finishing off their visit with a lovely dinner at one of the local hotels in Bacchus Marsh. Bacchus Marsh is officially still a town & still has that sleepy town feel to it. It is traditionally a market garden area, producing a...
Before you bring home a new dog or cat, there’s a lot of things to think about – where will you find your pet? Will your pet get along with your other furry companions? How will you help your pet adjust and keep them healthy? We can help you find the answers.
Research different breeds and talk to your local shelter staff about what pet they would recommend to fit your personality and lifestyle. You want to give your new pet a “Forever Home”; avoid potential problems by knowing the right pet for your family. Fort Wayne Animal Care & Control and the Allen County SPCA are great resources to help you find the best pet for you. Contact them for more information today! We’ve listed their websites under Helpful Resources section.
Reputable rescues and shelters often charge a fee for adoptions because the pet is typically spayed or neutered, vaccinated and microchipped before you bring them home. Remember—When you adopt, you also open up a spot for another adoptable pet to be rescued!
Is your home fit for a new furry friend? You’ll want to make sure a new pet will have plenty of room to thrive as well as be kept safe from any dangerous distractions. Be sure to prepare your home for your new family member before picking them up.
Regardless of the age or breed of your new pet, a visit to the veterinarian and a complete physical exam should be a top priority. Start your pet off right with vaccinations, baseline testing, and a clean bill of health. Don’t know where to start? Our hospital has a list of all area veterinarians available for free. We are open 24-hours, stop by and ask our receptionists for a copy today.
Sometimes pets get sick, and sometimes pets can get lost. Our hospital provides 24 hour emergency & critical care in those times of need. We help supplement your primary veterinarian to provide the best total care for all your furry loved ones. If you find a lost pet, we can scan for microchips and partner with Animal Care & Control to help reunite pets with their families.
This entry was posted in Adopt, Animal Hospital, Uncategorized and tagged adopt, canine, cat, Dog, feline, Pet adoption by youranimalhosp. Bookmark the permalink.
San Antonio, Texas. The bodies of various drug cartel members are turning up mangled and drained of blood. Tough DEA agent Carlos Seguin discovers that the grisly murders are being ..
"Fire in the Sky" is the feature film adaptation of Latter-day Saint lumberjack Travis Walton's non-fiction book The Walton Experience, his first-hand account of being abducted by aliens.
Like the book, the movie is set in the Latter-day Saint town of Snowflake, Arizona where the events portrayed actually took place. There are some overt references to Latter-day Saints in the movie, but the religious background of the town and many of the story's main characters is in no way a focus of this story.
Travis Walton and his wife Dana are baptized Latter-day Saints, as were the majority of people in Snowflake at the time the film's events took place. Travis Walton and his wife were adhering to many Church practices, but were not active churchgoers at the time. According to Walton's book, most people in the town did not even know that he was a member of the Church, although his non-Latter-day Saint co-workers assumed he was a Latter-day Saint because of his strong opposition to smoking and drinking alcohol.
In his autobiographical book Fire in the Sky, Walton states that after his abduction experience he once again began attending church meetings regularly, for a while.
Selected LDS-related excerpts from the book Fire in the Sky, including some which discuss Walton's status as a Latter-day Saint
It was November 5, 1985, and the significance of the date hadn't escaped me. As the jetliner descended toward the Valley of the Sun, my mind reeled back, ten years to the day.
I'd been sitting in the library at Beverly Hills High (in the days before its zip code became a household word), listening to the radio on headphones, pretending to study. A five-minute newsbreak interrupted the rock and roll, and the last item caught my distracted attention. . . ,
An Arizona man named Travis Walton was missing -- and his coworkers came up with the craziest excuse for his disappearance: He had been blasted by a ray of light and taken away by a flying saucer, they said. It was clear from the tone of the report that no one believed them. Murder was already being mentioned. The local newsmen threw in the standard line about "little green men" . . . then the Stones returned with a song about tumbling dice. But I wasn't listening. I was thinking about Travis Walton.
Now, ten years later, I was touching down in Phoenix, on my way to Snowflake, Arizona, and a face-to-face meeting with Travis. As I hurried to catch a commuter flight, I ran into the pilot, who informed me that his plane was grounded. There was a storm over the White Mountains, and I was out of luck. I offered to double the money. No go.
Storm? What storm? I looked up at the cool blue sky in frustration. My time was limited; I had to be back in L.A. in three days, and I was determined to reach Snowflake.
So I rented a car -- a very special car according to Hertz -- a brand-new four-wheel-drive Peugeot -- and I was off to Snowflake. For two hours I headed east across the desert, enjoying the sunshine and scenery in a way only a city boy can.
As ice, sleet, and snow pelted my little French car I made an interesting discovery: The windshield wipers didn't work. I drove on in exasperation, sticking my head out the window and trying my best to follow the highway, then glancing back through the mist for the racing flatbed that was sure to run me down at any moment.
Near the old mining town of Superior, I pulled off the road and waited for the storm to abate. I thought ofTravis and the first time we'd spoken, a few days earlier. I'd gotten his number from Snowflake Information; I later discovered it had been unlisted for ten years -- he'd just put it back in the phone book a day or two before I called. I took that as a good omen. The call had been spurred by a discussion I'd had with producer Robert Strauss a week previous. The Walton case was so interesting, so spectacular, why hadn't anyone made a movie about it? In my preliminary talks with Travis, the answer became clear.
The Travis Walton I knew only by voice seemed extremely suspicious of anyone from Hollywood. In fact, he seemed suspicious of anyone, period. So I was journeying to Snowflake for two major reasons: to convince him that I was sincere in my pledge to make a film that told his story truthfully, and to see for myself if the case was a hoax. In my mind, the latter wasn't a deal breaker. If the Walton incident was an elaborate ruse, I still felt that made for a great story that could be translated to the screen.
The storm never ended; I arrived in Snowflake three hours later, half amazed still to be in one piece. Over the course of the next few days and several more trips to the area, I interviewed Travis and Dana Walton, Mike Rogers, Kenny Paterson, John Goulette, Alien Dalis, Glen Flake, Marlin Gillespie, etc. I spoke with believers and disbelievers, well-wishers and scornmongers. In the end there was only one conclusion I could possibly reach.
Something built by nonhuman hands really did appear on the mountain that night. A piece of unreality had become all too real and had changed seven young men's lives forever. I was amazed by the skeptics' lack of a reasonable alternative, and I was impressed by the amount of suffering the incident had caused the woodsmen.
Six and a half long years later, Fire in the Sky went into production. Why did it take so long? In the film business, things that should take a week take a month. And every time we said, "Could we please have twenty million dollars to make this movie?" . . . someone with twenty million dollars said no.
It was my sad duty to report to Travis all the roadblocks and false alarms we experienced during those years. I encouraged him to maintain the hope and expectation that our film would eventually be made. Travis hung in there with us until we finally hit pay dirt. As the film was produced, shot, and edited, I could sense his growing excitement, as well as the satisfaction he felt at finally having the opportunity to have a large, nationwide audience vicariously relive his experience. I know this book will enlighten and amaze the reader, just as the story of the Walton Seven first captivated me, half my lifetime ago.
Travis Walton has changed since the time I first met him. His qualities of quiet truthfulness and deep introspective thinking are still the same, but the chip on his shoulder has evaporated. He holds his head high now, confronts his critics directly and readily accepts the fact that there are some who will always disbelieve. He is a family man of quality, at peace with himself and his experience. I'm proud to call him my friend.
It was many years ago that I got out of a crew truck in the national forest and ran toward a large glowing object hovering in the darkening Arizona sky. But when I made that fateful choice to leave the truck, I was leaving behind more than just my six fellow workmen. I was leaving behind forever all semblance of a normal life, running headlong toward an experience so overwhelmingly mind-rending in its effects, so devastating in its aftermath, that my life would never -- could never -- be the same again.
Nothing in this naive country boy's life up to that moment could have prepared me for what followed. But what I didn't know then, I think I know now. It's been a real education! And with this new book I try to share those insights. When I first wrote The Walton Experience (Berkley Books, 1978), the book which Paramount Pictures' movie, Fire in the Sky, is based on, I stated my desire that the book put the reader where we were when it happened. My hope was that if people could vicariously live it -- somehow actually experience it as if they were there in my stead -- perhaps they could take a more open-minded and objective approach to their evaluation of it all.
However, nothing approaches the goal of allowing people to live someone else's experience nearly so well as a movie. I think most people knew better than to expect a documentary, and although some dramatic license was exercised, I believe that the movie succeeded in conveying the emotional essence of what we went through. Public response to the film fulfilled all reasonable expectations of its makers. And it satisfied my goal of imparting my experience on the gut level, so I feel free now in this updating to emphasize other areas. I provide an accurate, undramatized chronicle of events, and I account for the main departures that the film took from what actually happened. I try to satisfy the interest which so many people have expressed concerning why, after all this time, I finally consented to a movie being made, and what the process of its creation was like.
One of the most neglected areas in the earlier book was the controversy surrounding the whole episode, the attacks by people who for various reasons felt compelled to try to deny that it had ever really happened. Many of those attacks were so ridiculously baseless that I naively believed a cursory rebuttal would be sufficient. I thought those inclined to doubt could easily be pointed in a direction that would lead them to discover there was no truth in the alleged scenarios which had me or my coworkers hallucinating on drugs, creating a hoax, suddenly becoming psychotic, etc. I wrote as if all these claims could be as easily refuted as the charge that the report was a cover story for a gory chainsaw murder.
I could not have been more mistaken. The onslaught not only did not go away, it grew. Refuted claims were continuously resurrected and, like a child's game of gossip, became more embellished with each telling.
Therefore I devote my greatest efforts here to critical analysis of the myriad attempts to explain away what was otherwise recognized as the most spectacular, best-documented UFO incident ever.
Another emphasis in this book is the context in which this incredible event occurred. People need to know more about the prior lives of the people involved and the community in which it happened in order to understand its impact and aftermath. And the years of the aftermath are a story unto themselves, a story so excruciating that my memories of what I have lived through because of some people's reaction to what happened are a hell which nearly overshadows the experience itself.
Take a sleepy little Western town steeped in conservative, traditional values. Drop into its midst an event so shocking, so anomalous, that by its very nature it challenged conventional beliefs and attitudes, at the same time being impossible to dismiss, demanding to be confronted. That, pardner, was the makings of some serious turmoil.
The UFO incident caused me to come in contact, directly or indirectly, with many people from all over the world whom I otherwise would never have known anything about. It so happened that most of them came from the larger cities. In many of those people I detected the attitude that it was good that this event occurred in such a place. If anything could make a bunch of hicks wake up and smell the coffee, make them realize "there are more things in heaven and earth" than allowed for in their pantheon of dear illusions, it was this sort of event; it was just what these close-minded rubes needed to shake up their smug orthodoxy, to pull their blinders off so they might also begin to see a little more of the modern world outside their little corn-row rut.
Perhaps. But I believe their attitude is metrocentric, their own dear illusion that small towns are backward and cities are populated solely with hip, sophisticated, open-minded people with a much more accurate picture of "the real world."
I have news for them. I've seen both sides and I can tell you that rural communities have no corner on tunnel vision. Admittedly, these mountain communities are somewhat more homogeneous in their views, but there is far more diversity here than metrophiles assume. They seem to forget we're plugged into the same national media they are, not sitting here watching reruns of local news from the 1950s. Granted, people here can be very certain of their truths, but no more so than elsewhere. Living among people with a greater variety of viewpoints doesn't necessarily impart an openness to consider those viewpoints. Tolerance doesn't translate into open-mindedness. A diversity of self-certitudes is still self-certitude.
The more I discover of the world, the more I see how fundamentally alike people everywhere actually are. In a broad sense we all share the same basic strengths and failings, although to varying degrees. And it is this array of traits which some realists regard as being the cause of what is referred to as "the human condition."
I've come to realize that the biggest problem anywhere in the world is that people's perceptions of reality are compulsively filtered through the screening mesh of what they want, and do not want, to be true. People see what they expect to see. Preconceptions seem to predetermine judgment of everything. It's not solely because this human failing played such a big part iff the experiences I recount here that I consider it so important in the overall scheme of things. If you look, you'll find this human proclivity at the root of every single personal problem or social ill humanity has ever endured. These mountain communities are more a microcosm of the world than some would expect.
Snowflake, Arizona. To some people from out of state, these two words sound like an oxymoron, a contradiction in terms. Many times I've had to persuade those on the other end of long-distance phone lines that I was not joking. They just "know" that it never snows here in the Desert State, and ^ besides, who would really name a town Snowflake? Well, it does snow, quite enough, thanks. Not as much as some places in Arizona, but then, that isn't where the name comes from anyway. When I tell them the town was named for two of the founding families -- the Snows and the Flakes -- and that the Snows have all drifted away but there are still plenty of Flakes here, they become certain I'm kidding.
But Snowflake, ever since its founding in 1878, has been a town that people have been forced to take seriously. Rugged Mormon pioneers came into this area when it was virtually wilderness and founded a number of towns here on the mountain. They hunted game, fought off wolves, bears, and lions, dammed streams, cut timber, quarried rock, and built homes for their families. They farmed the land and herded sheep, cattle, and horses over large tracts of the surrounding area. They tamed their piece of the American West at a cost of great hardship and loss of life.
My wife Dana's great-grandparents, Smith D. Rogers and Eliza Snow Smith, were among the earliest settlers. Her grandfather Wilford was born in a log cabin here in 1888. Snow blew through cracks in the cabin onto the bed where he came into this world, as the seventh of fifteen children, four of whom died before reaching adulthood. He led a robust life full of hard work in the outdoors, but made time for music and theater. He survived being buffeted by the elements, sickened by diptheria, rolled over by a horse, and run over by a bus. The grand old man passed away a while back at the age of ninety-eight, able to outwork most younger men nearly until the end of his life. Only the strongest survived.
Snowflake has always held a disproportionate influence over larger towns in the region. A high percentage of Snowflake residents are descended from the original settlers. There have been times when Flakes and other Snowflake founding-family names have filled nearly every position of power and status in the county. There was once talk of moving the county seat to Snowflake.
For a very long time Snowflake Union High School was the only one, attended from nearly a dozen of the surrounding towns, some more than thirty miles away. One by one the other towns are building their own high schools, but the SHS Lobos continue to win a larger portion of sports competitions, including the wolfs share of state championships. SHS has also had great success in orchestra, choir, marching-band competitions, spelling bees, and debate competitions. The school places in the top three every time the academic decathlon team competes.
When the UFO incident happened in 1975, the town's population was around 2,500, less than half its present size. Main Street is still basically about twelve blocks long; one whole block for the LDS (Mormon) church, one bank, a post office, a few small businesses. Most of the buildings are single-story; a few lots on Main Street still haven't been built on. All but one of the four service stations have been supplanted by quick-stop minimarts. Snowflake has yet to get its first stoplight.
The years have seen a slow waning of the old lines of power. Outside influences continue to come in and take hold, some for the better, others not. The percentage of non-Mormon residents has continued to grow. Many of the traditional ways remain, however. When I first moved here, two lawmen -- a resident county deputy and one town marshal -- were all the law enforcement the whole area had. Now there's a police force often and a number of resident county sheriffs officers. Even in a town where the smallest incidents are reported (unlike cities where people are so jaded they often don't even bother to report being the victims of major crimes), Snowflake still has an astonishingly low crime rate. A rash of broken windows can make the local newspaper. Although drug abuse used to be virtually nonexistent here, we still have the lowest incidence in the state. Some of the kids may complain that "nothing ever happens here," but their parents say, "Thank heavens for that."
The train is gone now. The Santa Fe Railroad pulled up the tracks through town a while ago. Ranching isn't nearly what it once was. Now the total output raising pigs is more than double that of cattle; the nation's largest pig farm is located here. But forest product-related jobs have dominated the area's economy for a long time. This way of life may be in for an abrupt change here, along what's been called "America's last frontier," because of timber cutbacks due to environmental concerns.
The old joke about rolling up and putting away the sidewalks at nine o'clock still applies, except on Saturday dance nights. Journalists and movie people often call this a "Last Picture Show" kind of town. Western-style dress, though still popular and in current revival, no longer completely dominates the fashion scene. But the annual Sweet Corn Festival, Pioneer Days Celebration, and the Fourth ofJuly Rodeo are still the biggest events of the year. The Homecoming Game Parade gets almost as big a turnout, since highschool football is taken very seriously here. The year of the UFO incident, Snowflake defeated nearby Round Valley during future gridiron star Mark Gastineau's last year of high-school play there. A number of athletes have left here for the pros.
I think it was Robert Service who said that big spaces seem to produce big men. Arizona has always been a place of big spaces and probably always will be, since only a tiny percentage of the state is privately owned. The rest is Indian reservations, state and federal land, and national forest.
Arizona has been called a land of contrasts, and many of the borders of those contrasts seem to fall in the area around Snowflake. The region, called the White Mountain/Mogollon [moe gee on) Rim area, extends from the center of Arizona where the Rim begins and runs eastward into the White Mountains near the New Mexico border. It ranges south from the high desert near the lower boundaries of the Petrified Forest, the Painted Desert, and the Navajo and Hopi Indian Reservations, continuing south to the still higher elevations of the wetter, alpine-forested Sunrise Ski Area up near the timberline on the Apache Indian Reservation.
Snowflake lies midway, in the scrub cedar and rolling prairie at the northern edge of the largest ponderosa pine forest in the world. In ages past, Snowflake's valley was a vast lake, drained by a huge crack that opened up from Snowflake to the Little Colorado River back about the time a space visitor of another sort impacted, sixty-some miles to the northwest, forming the world-famous Meteor Crater. (Some speculate that the crack, as well as the big sinkholesjust northwest of town, happened because of the meteor.)
There aren't many such places, where you can snow-ski in the morning and water-ski in the heat of a desert lake the afternoon of the same day. Turkey Springs, where the incredible series of events begins, is so high up on the Mogollon Rim that it's often inaccessible to workers or film crews for three or four months of the year. The 7,500-foot-high ridge of the forested Mogollon Rim, twenty miles southwest of Snowflake, forms a long natural barrier to the prevailing winds. This shields the town and the surrounding area from the brunt of storms, which makes for the milder, if dryer, high desert climate.
These open vistas and windswept sagebrush grasslands have been called lonely. Remote, yes. But loneliness is a subjective experience. A man working by himself in the forest, miles from anything human, can feel more at one with the world and far less lonely than another man sitting in his house in the middle of a community from which he feels set apart. What is to one man a rich, expansive refuge of peaceful, reflective solitude, is to another man a bleak empty prison of drab isolated boredom. Some men live in both. Pity the man of either perspective who is blind to the other.
It's inevitable that we find ourselves on one side of the lock or the other. Whether you think of yourself, or those on the other side, as locked in or locked out, may be only a matter of perspective, with the one who seems to control the key being a minor irrelevance. The satisfied see themselves as either sheltered or liberated. The dissatisfied see themselves as either inmates or exiles. To each his own.
...[I moved to Snowflake, Arizona in] 1968 from Payson, Arizona, where I'd been known as a goody-goody, sensitive, an egghead nerd! I was called "Einstein," "mad scientist," and nicknamed "the Professor." So I came here determined to leave that pigeonhole behind. But I only succeeded in getting myself into another, equally ill-fitting pigeonhole as a rebel. Nevertheless I privately continued my intellectual inquiries into a wide variety of subjects such as philosophy, religion, art, languages, music, science, and literature (including the works of Ayn Rand, beginning with Atlas Shrugged, but especially her nonfiction).
I recall that for my twelfth Christmas I received a copy of Isaac Asimov's Intelligent Man's Guide to Science, the first brand-new book I'd ever owned; it's still in my personal library, now grown to well over a thousand volumes. Though much of that edition is still relevant, it's interesting to read how dated some of science has become, what hadn't yet been discovered, and amusing to read how humanity was "aiming firmly for the moon." I've never read any of Asimov's fiction, but I've accumulated quite a few of his hundreds of other works.
It would be hard to characterize the particular subjects that intrigued me, because I don't subscribe to the usual limits. There is nothing that shouldn't be examined. Many people avoid reading the works of those with whom they disagree, but I find these to be some of the most stimulating.
I have some Cherokee in my immediate ancestry on my mother's side, so I delved into the language and history of the Cherokee nation. The Cherokee's status as one of the so-called "Five Civilized Tribes" didn't prevent President Andrew Jackson from ordering in the 1830s the forced foot march of the tribe from their homelands on the East Coast to reservations half a continent away in Oklahoma. There was tremendous suffering and death among those herded along by soldiers, on what became known as the Trail of Tears. My great-grandfather was a chief who escaped the procession and settled in Tennessee before later rejoining his people in Oklahoma.
I became a state-certified EMT (Emergency Medical Technician). I worked at the nearby Show Low airport to pay for my private-pilot ground school and flying lessons. I worked on a number of inventions I came up with for automotive applications. When midwives I knew told me they had been taking the college licensing preparation course and studying for the state midwife licensing examination, I borrowed their textbooks a few days before the test and read them. Since the statute permitted persons who had not taken the college classes to take the test, I took the exam with dozens of midwives from around Arizona, some of whom were registered nurses who had already been practicing midwifery for years under physicians' supervision. I received the second-highest score out of the entire group, just behind a lady who had actually taken the college course.
I was a person who seemed to be from two worlds. People from both worlds didn't know quite how to take me, each probably believing I was of the other. Adding to some of the friction between me and one or two guys on the crew was my attitude toward smoking and drinking. They seemed to miss the distinction between refusing to drink with them and simply refusing to drink.
Snowflake residents, I think, viewed me as an outsider. My moving to town from elsewhere and my church inactivity contributed greatly to that impression. I never told anyone, but my Mormon roots were as deep as anyone's. They didn't know it but, going way back, I'm actually related to some of them. My great-great-grandfather, Joseph Walton, was among the pioneer families to settle the Utah Valley with Brigham Young. Joseph Walton helped build, and lived in, Wordsworth Fort in Alpine, Utah. He served under Captain Carlisle and Sergeant John Langston as a soldier in the Fifth Tenn, a Mormon militia company, and later as a police officer. He saw a lot of trouble with Indian raids, including the Walker War and the Black Hawk War, and endured the same hardships as the other pioneers in taming the Utah Valley. His son, my great-grandfather, John James Walton, worked in Brigham Young's household to pay his way in becoming one of a small number in the very first graduating class of the Brigham Young Academy, later known as Brigham Young University.
I've gone through major changes. Now that I bring these things out, some of which I'd like to deny, I'm put in the position of counseling my kids to do as I do, not as I did. The UFO incident was a sharp turning point for me. There were other reasons, too, though ... an accumulation of smaller lessons, general maturity, and the realization that such a background, smokescreen or not, can be the kind of thing that can put the lady of your dreams beyond reach.
I admit it wasn't easy for people to understand the complexities and apparent contradictions of my personality. How could the shy person they met one time be the same grandstanding guy they would see at another time? Now that I no longer have a reckless side, it's a little easier for people to understand me, or to think they do.
I still love and enjoy the outdoors, although I haven't been hunting in ages. I used to kill rattlesnakes whenever I came across them, just like everyone else. Now I just let them go their way and I go mine. I still try to stay fit and live healthy. I'm not so quick to anger or to try and resort to physical solutions to confrontations. First I'll exhaust every possible rational, logical solution, because the truth is, I've found that there usually is one. The thing to remember is that if you're living as right as you know how, if someone has a problem with you, chances are, the problem is their own, which should obviate emotional reactions born ofdefensiveness. In other words, you don't have to take it personally.
What happens in the wake of events as extraordinary and profound as those of November 1975? After such an intense period of nonstop assault on the sensibilities, can life ever be as it was before?
At first, I was in perpetual doubt as to whether or not I was even going to get through it. I lived each day, each hour, from minute to minute. It was burden enough to cope with that by itself, without looking beyond.
One sunny fall day I was a young, single, devil-may-care guy full of plans, relishing the prospect of tomorrow. The next thing I knew, everything was in doubt: my future, prior relationships, people I'd thought I could count on, institutions I'd taken for granted, my place in society, and, right at the beginning, even the reality of my own perceptions.
Day and night I was wired tight. Adrenaline surged constantly. The images of those recent traumatic events were constantly in my mind's eye, waking and sleeping. When I could sleep, vivid but chaotic dreams woke me nightly. I had a tremendous amount of inner processing, sorting, confronting, accepting, and adjusting to do. To do that, one needs enough time and peace, enough space and sleep.
And I wasn't getting it. The spectrum of reactions to what happened -- good, bad, or indifferent -- kept me constantly on 'balance. There was a constant torrent of things to deal with. I had so much coming at me so fast, that coping with this overwhelming cacophony took everything I had. It seemed as if almost everyone wanted a piece of me -- sometimes literally.
I was afraid of what I couldn't remember. And I was afraid it would happen again. Or maybe government agents would come and take me and subject me to mental, maybe even physical, dissection. What if I came down -. with some bizarre infection unknown to human medical science? What if I began suffering weird effects from breathing that strange atmosphere? What if I started exhibiting symptoms of severe radiation damage? What if
that the familiar and conventional will naturally be there the next time we look, had for me been severely shaken. Fortunately, years of thinking and living in a more normal world have restored that confidence to me.
Adding to the pressures on me was my strategy of trying to present the outward appearance of being in control. Going on as if nothing was wrong did have a steadying effect, but it also led many people who might have been more helpful to assume I was already on my way to recovery.
In spite of the fact that it all seemed to be nearly too much for me, I went it alone. I navigated that whole period without professional help or counseling of any kind. Why? Partly because my family are a pretty self-reliant bunch. Partly because I didn't believe there was anyone in the counseling or psychiatric field who had anything in the standard framework of their training or experience that would remotely equip them to handle something so extraordinary. An example illustrating this was Dr. Jean Rosenbaum's conclusions. He was more disposed to perceive the matter as fitting into a standard category with which he was familiar, than to try to apply his experience and knowledge to something outside his paradigm. There was nowhere to turn. So, internally, I was on my own.
However, I can't say there was no help at all around me. My family stood by me. And so did some of my friends, but most of all there was my sweet Dana. She didn't have any answers to the profound questions, she didn't have any special psychological insight. I'm sure she often felt at a loss to know what to say and do. Perhaps at times she even felt pushed into the background by the incident, from the way some people approached us. But she was there for me, with her loving understanding, centeredness, and warm support. Her grandmother's simple, earthy, caring, small-town ways had their echo in her. So she became my anchor, my one rock in that sea of chaos.
I went back to church for a while. But rather than finding spiritual answers there, I encountered a microcosm of my situation within the wider community. So again I was on my own. As vast and mysterious as the cosmos is, ultimate religious truth lies far above any of this -- or the world in which it happened. I am not saying the event lies outside of religious considerations, but that it's just one more element within the grand scheme of things. That which encompasses and supersedes everything, must naturally do so to truly everything. People too often make exclusively religious interpretations of things of this nature. I suppose this has a lot to do with their previous orientation to life in general. I did a lot of very deep searching in the religious area, but my earlier outlook had emphasized more of a scientific or philosophical approach. So that's the kind of sense I tried to make of this experience to a great extent.
Popular wisdom has it that denial is not a good coping strategy; but as a temporary measure it worked for me. I pushed the experience and its aftermath into (he background. I boxed it up, put it aside and went on with my life. As time went on, I pulled things out of that box one at a time, dealing with them at my own pace. Eventually I worked up to returning to work in the woods. I spent a lot of time alone, laboring under the sun with ax or chainsaw in hand. The work itself didn't demand a lot of concentration, so my mind was free to ponder and reflect, accept and adjust.
There were no stages or definite turning points for me, except the initial hypnosis session. My recovery was a long, gradual process -- so evenly evolving and natural that I realize it most resembles the changes which come with life, simply living, the personal growth of maturity. And like that sort of growth, it continues to this day.
In my earlier account I tried to pass off, to minimize the negative reaction I was experiencing; I was still in the middle of it and I hoped to avoid making worse what was already bad enough. During the peak of the feeding frenzy, the press had gone for the kill. Once the tone was set it became a free-for-all. It's a familiar aspect of human nature that such a pattern determines the fate of certain unfortunates in school and work situations. I didn't want to create an atmosphere in which the dimmer minds among those around me would be incited to such a mob mentality.
One of the strategies I use most to get a handle on complex matters is to step outside myself and the situation mentally, then try to take an objective overview. When I do this concerning everything involving the UFO incident, I continually think I have arrived, that I can finally see it for itself without distortion by personal referents. I do this only to find I need to step back again. And again. Each time seeing more, realizing a wider perspective, but each time coming to sense the existence of a larger frame of reference.
Also, when the beam hit me, it was much more dramatic. The film makes it look like the beam came on and stayed on, holding me in its grip before tossing me back. What really happened was that it hit me with a brief, powerful blast much more blindingly brilliant than in the movie, and I was instantly blown backward; which was, I think, far more visually stunning than the way they did it.
Some details were fictionalized to emphasize the friendship between Mike and me -- for the "buddy film" aspect of the script. My firstborn son wasn't named after Mike, but again, film better shows than tells. Rather than simply saying, "They were close friends," ways are sought to make people actually feel it. In reality Ken Peterson was the one to call in the report to the deputy. In the movie Mike was shown making the call, in keeping with his status as lead character in my character's absence. His doing so provided an artistic counterpoint to the phone call he receives from me on that stormy night later in the movie. That call, too, used dramatic license. The real-life call went to my brother-in-law, because neither my mother nor Mike had a telephone at that time.
There wasn't any rainstorm the evening of my return. However, odd atmospheric conditions that night did cause the smoke from the prescribed control-burn of forest debris to the north to drift along within a few feet of the earth, in the low areas between Heber and Snowflake. The wild ride out and back to rescue me gained an added dimension of weirdness, because the smoke resembled ground fog. Here is an example of truth being stranger than fiction -- too much stranger. Representing conditions as they actually were would have been mistaken by audiences for a clumsy attempt to add horror by resorting to cliched monster-movie effects. So instead in the movie, it rained. But again, this understated reality rather than embellished it.
Even a few nonresidents of Snowflake remarked on the way townsfolk seem portrayed as a bunch of clods and hayseeds. No, this wasn't my revenge on Snowflake for not reacting more sympathetically to our report. Nothing in the script told me how locals would look and act. And keep in mind they were depicting people from seventeen years before.
I was as surprised as anyone, but I shouldn't have been. Recall my remarks in this book's preface regarding metrocentrism. Such may explain the "hick" take on local residents, but also, the language of film relies on simplifying many things into readily identifiable concepts. Which is a nice way of saying everything gets stereotyped.
Accepted polygraph-testing methodology was not followed in the room. Instead of "boring" people with the strict yes-or-no of proper polygraphy... livened things up with "phrase" answers. In real life, only one such goof-up would ruin a test.
As far as I know, no buried dog was discovered by searchers. They did ,, through piles and checked into spots of disturbed earth on the contract, Inoking for my body. Anyway, the suspense of digging up something dead nd finding out it wasn't me was effective, even though it was in the direction of increasing suspicion of my crewmates.
It's really amazing that the movie increased people's acceptance of the reality of our experience, because nearly every single departure from reality with any bearing on support for the story came down against it! Many, many pieces of positive evidence were omitted, many false clues against it were added. Earlier versions of the script played up even more the murder-mystery angle from the investigator's (and the audience's) point of view.
There never was a copy of a tabloid newspaper in the crew truck. I didn't even know what a tabloid was then, and I don't know if back then there was even enough of a local market for tabloids to be sold in Snowflake. (There was a time when no alcohol was sold here and, even more recently, when no "men's magazines" were sold.)
In reality all the men returned to the site, instead of Mike going in alone as in the movie. In reality, the sheriff and his men did search the site the same night they received the report. In reality Alien Dalis didn't yet have his serious record of armed robbery. In reality there was no suspicious cut on Alien's hand, with the crew trying to cover up how he got it. Dalis' and my fight didn't happen that day, although the tree-felling incident did. There was no quarrel that day between Mike and me over my relationship with Dana. There were no conspiratorial "Let's stick by our story" remarks among the crew. The film exaggerated the confusion in finding the exact spot of the sighting and abduction. (The men quickly resolved that question right after they returned the first time that night, by finding my heelprints from where I'd exited the truck.)
PJK's ties to military/aerospace sources -- as editor of Aviation Week and Space Technology; his Washington, D.C., address; his prosecutorial, muckraker approach; and his extensive use of propagandist techniques have led people in the UFO community for many years to speculate that he is a paid operative of some covert agency interested in promulgating disinformation about UFOs. As one would expect, whether it's true or not, he's always denied it.
Having heard the theory often, what do I think of it? It's plausible, but so far I see no conclusive proof for or against it. If it is true, conclusive proof probably would be unobtainable. If it is false, what evidence could possibly convince a dyed-in-the-wool, post-Watergate conspiracy buff?
If some high-level agency were going to choose someone for such a purpose, it would seem they would pick someone more able. On the other hand, government officials aren't known for choosing the most able -- sometimes other qualities, such as blind loyalty, are of greater worth to them. Fooling most of the people most of the time is good enough for their purposes. Personally I think a more likely explanation for PJK's obsession is suggested by PJK's CSICOP affiliation.
GSICOP's founder, Paul Kurtz, is also founder and head of another organization, CODESH, the Council for Democratic and Secular Humanism. CODESH is a humanist organization that publishes material attacking religion and belief in God. CODESH and CSICOP have considerable overlap in membership and leadership. They are housed in the same building -- the Center for Inquiry -- where they share facilities including audiovisual equipment and an extensive library.
(Since CODESH is so much less compatible with mainstream views than CSICOP, it was once treated a little like an ugly stepsister kept in the cellar lest she stigmatize her sibling. However, they've abandoned their careful public segregation and begun to bring her out -- to the point of sponsoring joint Institute for Inquiry seminars by "two nonprofit educational organizations dedicated to the advancement of science and critical thinking.")
CSICOP's journal, the Skeptical Inquirer, has begun straying into the religious area, with articles about satanic cults, the shroud of Turin, creationism, angels, and the Rapture, but CSICOP's leadership claims to be resisting the trend: "The issues we address must have some scientific content -- or pretend to it -- or benefit from an understanding of human psychology. Many readers want us to critique religion as such or skewer some ideology they disfavor. That's not our interest and it's not our intention." Such were CSICOP's words concerning their "statement of mission" in a past issue.
It's no coincidence that Paul Kurtz's publishing house, Prometheus, publishes PJK's books. An examination of the title index in Prometheus' trade catalog provides some interesting insights. Forty-some anti-paranormal titles; another forty-odd titles dealing almost exclusively with issues relating to: paraphilia, sadomasochism, bisexuality, transvestites, child sex abuse porn actors, prostitution, adultery, and asphyxiophilia.
There are other peculiar titles, such as Infanticide and the Value of Life, Qaddafi's Green Book, Prescription -- Medicide: The Goodness of Planned Death (by Dr. Jack Kevorkian), Tin Star Tyrants: America's Crooked Sheriffs, In Pursuit of Satan, and The Lotus Lovers: The Complete History of the Curious Erotic Custom of Footbinding in China.
The biggest category, however, is composed of books concerning secular humanism and atheism, with well over a hundred titles extolling humanist values or attacking religion, a number specifically devoted to anti-Mormonism. This humanist/atheist category includes titles such as Atheism: The Case Against God, The Darker Side of Virtue: Corruption, Scandal and the Mormon Empire, Some Mistakes of Moses, Funerals Without God, Did Jesus Exist?, and The Dead Sea Scrolls and the Christian Myth. There were over fifteen books by Kurtz himself, primarily on humanism, including A Secular Humanist Declaration and Humanist Manifestos I & II.
The pertinent titles in the list are those linking the GODESH and GSIGOP agendas of anti-religion and anti-paranormal: Science Versus Religion, A Second Anthology of Atheism and Rationalism, and The Supernatural, the Occult, and the Bible. PJK's friend and fellow "debunker" Robert Sheaffer (who writes for both organizations' periodicals) authors both The UFO Verdict and The Making of the Messiah.
Paul Kurtz's The Transcendental Temptation: A Critique of Religion and the Paranormal is the clearest link between the two organizations he founded, between GSICOP's anti-paranormal aims and the anti-religion stance of CODESH. Kurtz's book sums up belief in ESP, UFOs, ghosts, "fringe" science, and belief in religion as manifestations of the same irrational human flaw. Little distinction is made between psychic phenomena and religious visions, between the ghosts of the paranormal and the spirits of religion.
If those humanists don't believe in religion, why don't they simply turn away from it and focus on what they do believe? Why do they devote so much of their periodicals to harping obsessively on disbelief, to personal attacks on advocates and believers, instead of promoting their approach to life affirmatively? They give lip service to that goal, but don't appear to actually pursue it in their publication.
It should be noted that GODESH does not speak for all humanists, and that GSICOP does not represent the views of other skeptics who consider that organization extremist (in fact, they don't even represent the views of everyone within the organizations).
Rather than confining their efforts to verbal opposition solely on the merits of the issue, CSICOP has been accused of attempts to pressure conference sponsors and media people into censoring views CSICOP opposes. CSICOP has billed itself in its promotional and fund-raising literature as "the lone voice defending rationality." Talk about arrogance--psych-cop, thought police, indeed.
Journalist Jerome Clark wrote: "For CSICOP it is not enough to say that those with whom it disagrees are wrong. It must also depict them as loathsome human beings. In the eyes of this Shiite-skeptic sect, proponents of anomalies and the paranormal are agents of the Great Satan of irrationality, defined as any view, however arrived at, whatever the supporting evidence, that differs from CSICOP's."
Our licensed leak detection specialists are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to provide leak detection service to Tujunga residents, solving any and all water damage problems in Tujunga. Read more about our leak detection services.
Tujunga is a city located north of Los Angeles, in the East San Fernando Valley. Our leak detection company has been providing leak detection services to the Tujunga area since the early 1990s. If you are experiencing problems such as leaking pipes, a leaking slab, leaks inside the slab, hot floor, buckling hardwood floors, signs of water damage, leaking roof, leaking ceiling, flooded crawl space or any other water related problem call us first.
Leak Detection Online is well-known in the area and we work with all major insurance companies to get you the most money possible for your damages. If you don’t believe us, just ask your neighbors. Chances are if they had water damage and needed water leak detection service in Tujunga, our leak detection company was the most accessible and provided service right away.
We are a full service water leak detection company servicing the Greater Los Angeles area and Ventura. We serve the San Fernando Valley, West Los Angeles, Central Los Angeles, the South Bay, the San Gabriel and Santa Clarita Valleys and parts of Ventura. Using 20+ years of experience we find and repair water leaks quickly and neatly.
Our Snug playhouse is a beautiful and flexible building. It offers the opportunity to incorporate an elevated timber tower and slide, perfect for young adventurers. As an alternative to glass the Snug playhouse is equipped with three fixed styrene, shatterproof windows for your child's safety. Underneath the platform is ideal for storage or a sneaky hiding place, suitable for children over 36 months.
Children’s safety is our top priority that is why we pride ourselves in creating fantastic, child safe playhouses. Built to comply with European Toy Standard EN71, our playhouses are all constructed with planed and rounded timbers which are smoother to the touch and can drastically reduce the threat of splinters. The doors have a one inch gap so children don't trap their fingers. The windows are glazed using shatterproof Styrene and sash framed for extra strength.
This product is designed and manufactured in the UK by Mercia Garden Products. All our playhouses are ideal for outdoor use; they’ve been pre-treated with a timber preservative treatment that provides an ideal base for the treatment or colour of your choice. The life of your playhouse will be prolonged by regular ongoing maintenance. We strongly recommend that children use this or any raised play structure under adult supervision.
£4 under £20, £6 up to £150, Free over £150. Furniture, large play equipment, heavy items etc or items marked with ** may incur an additional delivery charge to Northern Ireland, Isle of Wight, Offshore Islands and some parts of Scotland. If this is the case the customer will be contacted prior to processing the order. We will endeavour to get the cheapest quote. If the quote is not suitable full refund will be given.
Ordering from outside the UK mainland and Ireland postage is subject to quotation. Please place the order and we will contact you with the delivery cost if it is greater than that at delivery. We will endeavour to get the cheapest quote. If the quote is not suitable full refund will be given.
We accept payment by major credit cards. Contact our Accounts Department for details of BACS details to make payments.
When making payments online feel confident in shopping securely with Sage Pay or PayPal. For non-invoice account holders items will only be dispatched when full payment has been received, not when you place your order.
Funding may be available to help pay for this product through grants available to families and organisations. Please see our grants section for further information.
Hello Guest, if you reading this it means you have not yet registered. Please take a second to Click here to register and in a few simple steps, you will be able to enjoy all the many features of our fine community. Please note that nicknames are prohibited lewd or meaningless (no numbers or letters at random) and introduce yourself in the section for you to meet our community.
530 photographs with background descriptions, of Korean War activities archived on CD-ROM. Photographs taken by photographers in the Army Signal Corps, Department of the Navy, Office of the Chief Signal Officer, United States Marine Corps, and the...
The Korean War Veterans Memorial was authorized by Public Law 99-572 on Oct. 28, 1986 &quot;…to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Korean War, particularly those who were killed in action, are still missing...
WELCOME to the United States Marine Corps Korean War Commemorative Web Site. The purpose of this site is to provide historical information about the Korean War and future commemorative events. You will be informed about future events taking place in...
The CHOSIN FEW was established to perpetuate the spirit and comradeship of those individuals who participated in the battle of the Chosin Reservoir in North Korea during November - December of 1950. We are here to carry the message of remembrance of...
Copyright © 2016 - 2019 www.lebrononline.com. All Rights Reserved. Processed in 0.0442032 second(s),0 Queries.
It is giving an indication however, of which restaurants are getting the highest scores in the world.
90plus is a professional website with the world's best restaurants, interesting addresses and much more.
Our goal is for all players, volunteers and parents to have an enjoyable, positive experience with us. To that end, we have developed this Coaches Code of Conduct that we expect every coach and manager to abide by. In this document, the word “coach” also includes managers and any other volunteers.
The coach understands that he or she has a tremendous influence, for either good or ill, on each of his or her players and, thus, shall never place the value of winning above the value of instilling the highest ideals of character.
The coach shall respect and support all umpires and contest officials. Furthermore, if any parent or spectator associated with our organization is not acting appropriately, the manager should, using his or her best judgment under the circumstances, politely ask such person to alter their behavior or leave the event. Managers and coaches should promptly report any inappropriate behavior to the Board of Trustees.
The coach will refrain from openly demonstrating negative mannerisms and disappointment with players when they make mistakes (i.e. frustration with errors, etc.).
The coach shall make playing time and position decisions based on demonstrated ability in practice and games, attendance of the full practices, and demonstrating a positive attitude on the field during practice and games. Coaches’ daughters shall not be given playing time or positions that are not earned in this way.
The coach should respect the feelings of his players. He or she should provide constructive criticism while working directly with a player, not in front other players or parents. Conversations with more than one player should cover general team feedback.
Safety: Nothing is more important to us as an organization than the safety of all of our participants.
Weather During Practices: If conditions are too hot, cold or stormy (where lightning strikes are a risk), adjust. Players must be brought to a safe shelter such as the little league indoor facility (NOT a dugout) for a period of not less than thirty (30) minutes after the last time anyone hears thunder or sees lightning. This rule is not open to interpretation. Cancel practice or move it indoors. In extreme heat, conduct lighter workouts and avoid extreme exertion.​​
Weather During Games: If any coach observes unsafe weather conditions that are not noticed by the umpire, the coach shall bring such conditions to the attention of the umpire. If the umpire allows play to continue during unsafe conditions, the coach shall pull his or her team off the field anyway. The Ninjas will not imperil the safety of any player for the sake of completing any game.
Hydration: Make sure players are hydrated, especially in extreme heat and humidity. Players or their parents should provide water or sports drinks, but it is still the coach’s responsibility to build into practices time for sufficient water breaks.
Medical Emergencies. Keep your phone readily available at all times for any necessary 911 calls and do not hesitate to call 911. Seconds can count in an emergency and we should allow medical professionals to make medical judgment calls, not coaches.Concussions: If there is any suspicion of a concussion or other head injury, remove the player from play until a doctor clears her return.
Background Checks: All coaches and trainers must submit to a background check of the method chosen by the Board of Trustees.
Two-Deep Leadership: No practice or other team function may be conducted unless there are two adults present at all times (the 2nd adult can be a parent) and at least one of the two adults has passed a background check. Do not put yourself in a position where even an allegation of improper conduct can be made.
Inappropriate Conduct: If a coach becomes aware of any criminal activity, particularly criminal activity of a sexual nature, the coach should report the incident immediately to the local police and, unless requested otherwise by the local police, to the Board of Trustees.
Player Pickup: At least two coaches must stay at the location of any practice or game until the last player has been picked up. It is PROHIBITED for any manager or coach to be left alone with any player other than his or her own daughter unless that coach has the permission of the parent of any player that is not his or her own daughter. Such permission may be given in advance.
Violation of any of the terms set forth herein shall subject a coach to actions by the Board of Trustees that may include, but is not limited to, removal as a coach in the program.
The little ones do not understand that they should take care of the pet, feed it, walk it, clean the litter and callas. Not to mention the burden of extra material costs that fall on the shoulders of parents: a veterinarian, vaccinations, feed, etc.
I found a great way out of the situation, how not to refuse my beloved child and let him feel the bitter truth in the lives of pets.
Giant African snails, which are bred as pets in Europe and in Russia, are considered terrible and voracious pests in their homeland.
A plastic transparent container with a lid = 150-200 rubles, the volume per one snail is at least 10 liters (for an adult snail) Dimensions 355x235x190mm;
Established with an ABN just this month (10th November) you wonder how they can earn those accolades. Or even the testimonials:
Maybe because the people are not real clients but just people in some images they pulled off the web:
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged binary options scam, xetra options on November 27, 2015 by admin.
These guys are a scam, their 0800 number diverts to no where. I told them I was in Melbourne and wanted to meet up with them but got the run around. They use mobile numbers when they call and probably fake names. Roger Morgan and Paul Freeman. unfortunately I transferred money to them and was always wary but they are good talkers. Their BSB tells be they are on the gold coast and the point of presence is Melbourne based.
Thin I have been contacted by these guys but under another name?? Their website is http://www.xetraoptions.com and looks the same as cambridge?? Probably worth checking out
Discover all that Hobart has to offer with Mrs Curries Bed and Breakfast as a base. The Mrs Curries Bed and Breakfast boasts a convenient location with modern amenities in every guestroom and superb service. Each guestroom is tastefully appointed with non smoking rooms, hair dryer, ironing board, television, shower. This Hobart accommodation features on-site facilities such as car park. In addition, The Mrs Curries Bed and Breakfast's guests can enjoy the leisure and sports facilities provided on the premises: garden. Along with its convenient location in Hobart, The Mrs Curries Bed and Breakfast also offers a wide range of services and facilities to the guests. Modern comfort and convenience are seamlessly combined to ensure the guests' satisfaction. For your reservation at the Mrs Curries Bed and Breakfast, simply submit your dates and complete our secure online reservation form.
When you visit our website different types of data is stored locally on your unit via your browser. This data could e.g. include user settings, information about how you surfed our website, which browser you used, and which ads that were shown.This type of “locally stored data” could be used to customize content and functions of services for you, thereby contributing to a better and more meaningful visit.Cookies do not contain directly identifiable data about you (such as name, address, telephone number etc.), instead the information regards your browser and the activity through it.
Both Canis Hundeskole Tmp and our subcontractors (e.g. Idium AS as supplier of this website) stores data locally on your unit. Eventual subcontractors are subject to the data processing agreement and can not use data for anything other than delivering the service we have ordered from them. For more information on how Idium AS treat personal data see here.
"Bill New" will return all results where the name appears in full, but searching without quotations marks will find all results where the words "bill" and/or "new" appear in the text.
We Share Our Matters: Two Centuries of Writing and Resistance at Six Nations of the Grand River by Rick Monture
Legislating Race, Grammars of Patriarchy: Citizenship, Statelessness, and Velma Demerson’s Incorrigible by Ranbir K. Banwait
To search for specific phrases, wrap the text with quotation marks. "Bill New" will search for instances where his name appears as a whole, but searching without quotations marks will return all instances where the word "Bill" and "New" appear in th text, separately and together.
You can only filter issue content only if you are searching for issue content. That is, you cannot filter for Editorials if you are searching for Publishers.
Copyright © 1995- Canadian Literature. All rights reserved. Reproduction without permission prohibited. Views and opinions expressed by the author(s) are not necessarily shared by Canadian Literature.
Marchi's boats (custom yacht, motoryacht, pneumatic boat) - Special services Index - F.lli Marchi Boatyards
This fly with its classic profile is a diamond in the Marchi’s production. Measures mt 15,80 x 4,80 and is a boat that can face every kind of navigation on the high sea. With this boat model Mr Ezio Marchi took part at the Venice-Montecarlo and he arrived first of class. Great gifts of navigability, of solidity and resistance for this yacht.
Super cruise tender. The last born in the navigation on the high sea boats' line with tubolar bell, it has obtained the A Oceanic class. Although its technical characteristics of tough navigation , the interiors of this yacht are particularly sumptuous like a luxury motor yacht. Measures mt 16,50 x 5,00 and is supply with 3 cabins and 2 bathrooms with a very spacious binnacle.
An excellent boat for the external navigation in total security. Measures mt 16,50 x 5,00 and is fair to call it boat even if technically is a rigid keel tender.
Marchi 53’ (53ft) a motoryacht with a gentle profile which presents itself as a natural evolution of the traditional 50’ boat.
Innovative solutions for the new boat of 22 mt by Marchi; a motoryacht wich distinguishes for the width of the spaces under and upper deck.
Fratelli Marchi Boatyards - Nautical constructions - Italian boat building (boatbuilder) - customizable boats and yachts with personal choice of materials, layout, engines selection.
Pleasure boat building, classic boat refitting, carrying out project and one-off boat, building of technology boat for any marine corporation, costumer service in all over the world, beaching/launching - antifouling and anti-osmosis treatment, winter shelter, dock/ marina near Venice - Italy.
All rights reserved. Developed and maintained by Comtek System Solutions and Bishop Auckland Football Club.
Rinse the kale thoroughly under cold water. Take the leaves off the stems and place in steamer. Steam kale until soft and dark green (approx. 20 minutes). Remove kale from pan and set aside.
Rinse, peel, core, and cut apples. Place clean apples into large pot of boiling water. Boil until soft and then remove from burner and place apples in cold water to prevent from cooking further. Set aside.
Place 3 white sweet potatoes in a preheated oven at 350 degrees. Bake for approximately 1.5 hours until a fork can easily go through the skin. Remove and let cool.
Place all three ingredients into blender and blend until smooth. Add water if mixture is too thick. Pour into Yummi Pouch.
Mobile phone with free gifts is a very popular and successful strategy these days. These free gifts usually involve several freebies and incentives.
These days, mobile phones are fulfilling serves multiple purposes along with the facility of communication. These tiny gadgets are offering numerous stunning features and apps. They are also fulfilling the desire for several multimedia features too. Users can find features like FM, Internet browsing, video player, photo snapper and a number of other specifications in one handset. Hence, the latest mobile phones are arriving a bit expensive. consumers of low incomes usually think twice before buying any of their favorite handset.
The mobile phone deals present in the mobile phone market are decreasing this problem to a great extent. They are giving away various latest handsets at very reasonable rates. Now, consumers belonging to every section of society can enjoy the benefits of these amazing latest feature rich mobile phones at much affordable rates. The mobile phone deals with free gifts are also offered with amazing gifts and incentives too.
These mobile phone deals are offered by all famous network providers such as Orange, O2, T Mobile, Three, Vodafone, Virgin, Three,etc. Hence, mobile phones with free gifts is a successful strategy. These free gifts include several expensive gifts such as free LCD TVS, Sony playstation, PSP, Laptops, mobile accessories, home appliances, coffee makers, vacuum cleaners, Nintendo Wii, DS, iPods, instant cash back offers, and much more. Some other incentives are also given to users which include free talk time, free text messages,discounted call rates, free mobile phone insurance and free connection, etc.
These deals are already tempting several consumers towards them. Consumers are getting very interested to go for these lucrative deals in order to get the free gifts. Users are immensely eager to enjoy the maximum benefits. Mobile phones with free gifts are beneficial for both mobile companies and users as companies can increase their sales by giving mobile phone deals along with free gifts and consumers are receiving unbelievable free gifts along with their dream handset.
The mobile phone deals are mainly offered in three forms as SIM free deals, SIM only deals, Contracts and Pay as you go deals. These deals are extremely popular in mobile phone market of UK. These affordable plans are able to attract consumers of all incomes. In contract deals, users are required to sign a contract and pay monthly bills. The contract period generally ranges from 12-24 months. In this period, user can use the service of particular network operator. In SIM free deals and Pay as you go deals, users are not bound to use the services of any particular network provider. Users have the complete freedom to switch between service providers anytime they want. Users are also not required to pay any monthly bill in such mobile phone deals. The online shopping portals are the best place to get these deals and choose any deal as per your needs and budget.
It’s galvanic illustrations like this that make John Hendrix’s career one I like to watch these days. He very obviously does not shy from drama, wouldn’t you say? (Click to enlarge.)
to fight for Kansas. He fought many battles on those windy plains, but it was a dark night along Pottawatomie Creek that made him notorious.”
I love that spread. On many levels. (And not just ’cause I think John Brown here weirdly resembles Bruce Campbell just a wee little bit, which is neither here nor there, so let’s move on.) I don’t think we’re ever going to see John Hendrix do dainty, and that’s a-okay with me. (Publications like the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists don’t need dainty anyway, right?)
Jules: This is the castle—high, high in the air and from long ago—of King Yonderfel: “King Yonderfel ruled the castle and he ruled it splendidly. All day long he stood at the gate, calling ‘Come in, come in!’ to all who passed by, and never ever turned anyone away.” As a result, his castle was a happy place, not to mention very crowded.
Once upon a time, in reviewing author/illustrator Chris Raschka’s 2001 picture book title, Waffle, Publishers Weekly wrote that Raschka “captures the essence of a mood with the merest hint of text and the briefest of brush strokes.” This is one reason I’m such a fan of his work: His minimalist approach, that ability to say so much with one wild, graceful squiggle here and one loose dab of line there and unbridled, vigorous sweeps of color all over, all which add up to Raschka’s inimitable quirky style. “Quirky,” to be sure, gets over-used in the world of children’s lit and risks making the artist sound too precious, but Raschka’s quirky is far from precious or darling. His impressionistic style is unfettered (without overpowering the text, mind you) and leaps off the page with an infectious energy, affection, humor, and—most importantly—what comes across as a keen respect for the child reader.
Last year, Caldecott-Medal winner David Small was here for seven questions over breakfast, and he mentioned Stitches as one of his forthcoming titles, sharing this sketch here at that time (June ’08):
In today’s post are some panels from the completed book, his new graphic novel memoir for adults, to be released in early September from W.W. Norton & Company. The publisher likes to call it a “silent movie masquerading as a book” — and a tale of redemption, which it most certainly is. And one wrapped around my favorite theme, as I’ve said so often at the blog that you’re probably tired of reading it: The power of art to transform and heal.
But there are also some truly terrifying moments in this book of survival, including the ones pictured just below. The young David is six and has gone with his brother and mother to pick up their father at the hospital where he works. David’s wandered to the fourth floor and meets “the little man in the jar,” who later haunts his dreams:
Jules: Welcome to 7-Imp’s 7 Kicks, our weekly meeting ground for taking some time to reflect on Seven(ish) Exceptionally Fabulous, Beautiful, Interesting, Hilarious, or Otherwise Positive Noteworthy Things from the past week, whether book-related or not, that happened to you.
Today, I’m pleased to welcome novelist and poet and photographer and biographer Charles R. Smith, Jr. As you can see here, Charles has written books for just about every age, including Twelve Rounds to Glory: The Story of Muhammad Ali, which received a 2008 Coretta Scott King Author Honor Award, and which was illustrated by the very talented Bryan Collier (Candlewick, 2007). He also wrote last year’s The Mighty 12: Superheroes of Greek Myth, illustrated by P. Craig Russell, which I covered last year at Guys Lit Wire.
I picked up a copy of Charles’ latest illustrated title, My People, about a month ago; it sat on the “new books” shelf at my local library and gleamed at me from afar, calling me across the room. This is one gorgeous book. Released by Ginee Seo Books in January of this year, My People is Charles’ picture book adaptation of Langston Hughes’ famous 1923 poem of the same name: Read the rest of this entry �
This is Ruby Bridges, who was only six years old—during the American Civil Rights struggle of the early 1960s—when she became the first African American child to attend an all-white school in the South. For this, she had to live with threats to her life on a daily basis and face teachers unwilling to instruct her. She is captured for all eternity in Norman Rockwell’s famous painting; he depicted her on her first day of school, surrounded by U.S. marshals as a result of the court-ordered desegregation of public schools in New Orleans. Going to kindergarten with the federal law enforcement agency at your side: This was her reality.
When I asked author and “silly chick” Andrea Beaty what she thought about the work of Belgian illustrator Pascal Lemaitre, who has illustrated three of her titles thus far, and she said that he “is so funny and original and his art is brilliant,” I found myself nodding along. “The thing that constantly amazes me,” Andrea added, “is how simple his illustrations seem, but they have so much going on. Even after reading one of our books over and over, I find new details that crack me up!”
I love Pascal’s work. There is an understatement to it that charms and a seeming simplicity. But, as Andrea said, there’s much to take in. Best of all, as you can see from some of the illustrations on display in this interview, Lemaitre knows how to embrace the softer elements of childhood, yet isn’t afraid to embrace his Inner Grimm — and if you’re a regular reader of this blog, you know that I’m a fan of those authors and illustrators who do so, seeing as how it really is good for children to face these kinds of fears. See what I mean? This is from Ogre noir by Édith et Rascal, published in France in 2006. Yikes:
…and that’s ’cause today is actually her birthday. I simply got things started a little early yesterday. If you want to add your birthday greetings/wishes to the ones from Sunday, by all means, visit yesterday’s post.
I’ll be back tomorrow with an illustrator interview — at least if all goes as I plan. (Well, you know. The zombies could come before then. One just never knows these things.)
Happy Sunday, everyone! Those are coffee bean cupcakes that I’m cyber-giving to Eisha today, because Monday is her birthday! I got her blessing to take over today’s post and celebrate it one day early with our kicker-friends. She graciously agreed to type her kicks in the comments later, like everyone else, so that I CAN EMBARRASS HER on her birthday. Mwahaha. You know we do this every year, and I don’t know about Eisha, but I actually find it challenging each year to find new and creative ways to humiliate her. So . . .
I’m here to share some poems a friend of mine wrote a couple years ago. His name is Chris Lance. Chris is not a full-time writer. He actually lives and works at the Austin Zen Center and is about to undergo training in the priesthood. But I think when he does sit down and write, he creates some great stuff. I’ve read a bit of his earlier poems from years ago, and when he told me recently he’d written some new poetry, I suggested he share some on a Poetry Friday. I was pleased to hear he was up for it.
I don’t want to sit here and analyze my friend’s poetry too much, but I will say this: I love how his poems strike out on such a clear and accessible note and then often surprise you. And I like how they can sometimes be so gentle and startling, all at once. I chose three to share today. Thanks and mwah! to Chris. Enjoy.
A series of tensioned wires is strung across the void from new balustrade railings to create a security barrier between the lower public visa section and upper private spaces without compromising the openness of the original design of the double height central well. Parallel stainless steel hollow circular sections are supported on the balustrade glazing and take the full pressure of the tensioned wires. The wires are strung across the void, 75mm apart. One end is attached to a phosphor bronze peg on a flange welded to the inner rail; it travels across the void, loops around stainless steel pegs on the opposite rail and back to be secured and tensioned by another phosphor bronze peg. New light fittings reflect off the wires and produce highly visible moiré patterns when viewed from the gallery; from the visa section the wires are almost invisible.
January 17, 2011 Old News2.5, blender, game, game engine, game logic, keyboard sensor, motion actuator, physics, rigid body, tutorialscotty
The game consists of a ball resting on a plane, by pressing the arrow keys the plane rotates and the ball rolls. The object of the game is to get the ball to roll into holes made in the plane.
January 15, 2011 Old News2.5, API application programming interface, blender, Info window, Pytho, Python console, Python script, tutorialscotty
Every time I make a new tutorial a new beta is released that changes it! The people behind Blender are doing a brilliant job creating fantastic software for free and it cannot be easy. In version 2.56, the ‘Report’ view of the Python console has moved to the ‘Info’ window. The ‘Scripting’ layout has not been changed to reflect this, you need to go to the bottom right window and change it from ‘Python Console’ to ‘Info’ and then the tutorial matches.
When you work in the 3D view, Blender converts your actions into API (application programming interface) commands. The Info window (Python console in report view in older versions) displays these commands and you can copy and paste them into a Python script.
This tutorial shows how to make a simple model of a monkey man. The commands used are – adding meshes, scaling, moving, rotating duplicating.
I use the same method to label scores in a simple game I am making using the Blender game engine, tutorial to follow soon.
This tutorial shows one way to make a circular hole in a plane, I am sure there are others. In 2D vector packages and 3D packages this is often done by using Boolean operators or a punch operator. In Blender you have to do a little more work but it does make you think more about the process, click here for the tutorials page.
I wanted to make a circular hole in a plane because I want to use it in a game I am working on using the Blender game engine, tutorials to follow.
Structure d'ingénierie de projets au service du Calaisis agissant en faveur de l’emploi et de la formation.
Car Auction Florida is the largest provider of automotive auction services in your area. We hold plenty of online auctions and live auto auctions on our site, specializing in car auctions in Florida, car auction Miami, south Florida auto auction, car auctions in Florida open to public, Orlando car auction, Tampa auto auction etc. Research vehicles for sale online, then bid on a car from the comfort of your home or office via Repokar Auto Auction's handy bidding system and win the car of your dreams on our online auctions. Car Auction Florida has set high standards for buying and selling vehicles at public auto auction, so that you can bid with confidence and be sure that you get the most attractive and profitable car deals in Florida and its surroundings. Using our new and improved search features, you'll find the right car easier than ever before, searching our extensive range of quality new or used vehicles for sale. Choose the best local auction offers, deal with Car Auction Florida!
Our Company is a Public Car Auction, which is specialized in Auctions Valuation of new or rear Autos. Find your wished Classic and Vintage Car Auctions Online at the best prices and buy or sell vehicles for more profit. We provide Auto Auctions in Florida, New York, Austin, Nevada, Miami and all over the USA everyday and you can access our inventory online and bid cars or buy variety of cheap cars.
The normal hair growth cycle includes several stages: a period of rapid and stable growth lasting up to six years; a three month “resting” period, when the hair stops its growth; and a period when the hair falls out. In the end of the entire cycle, a new hair replaces the old one and the cycle begin again.
50 about any apple are articles auto besides car cell common credits device drugs few Finances financial generates get google gps hair helpful how information insurance iphone is loans loss mobile most navigation new of one phon phone plenty quotes rates s search searches stress than that times tips triggers use useful uses what work you your |
we spent some time Discussing on how this blog Should be. most of us have been blogging already before. now
(sometimes already also Also, are articles as because been before. blog, blog. blogging Blogs. blogYou by care.What comments.We create Discussing doing effort english English. everyday finished found freaks.We fun GOING good-humored hard have hope huge in interest interested it.We katoey ladyboys Ladyboys, Ladyboys. ladyboy’s lopsided many Much named never nice NOR now now, on only OR perspective.What pictures porn preparations reading really, related Saam” say see Seems show some spent Thai.We Thailand. the there They think ti time to tons topic try Twens university, US. videos.What wanted we webblog webblogWe Wht will wish won’t working.Why worth. write you young “Phet
I am always on the lookout for unique wedding themes. And while they are fun and pretty to look at, I believe that a unique, well-thought-of wedding theme actually gives us a glimpse of the personality of the couple and can give us an idea of what tickles them, of what makes them happy, and of what’s close to their hearts. So when I’ve seen JR and Reyssie’s beer inspired […]
“A warm neutral, Linen is light and airy, providing a nude-like basic that is a must have for Spring.” – Pantone This Pantone Spring Color is going to be an easy favorite! I’m loving it already! Linen is everything soft, ethereal, elegant and light. Using Linen as a color shade in your wedding is like bringing in a soft breeze to gently air it. You will never go wrong with this […]
The top selling farmer's wellington boot by Dunlop. A great durable boot ideal for gardening, fishing and all other welly type tasks. PVC construction and resistant to oil, petrol ...
A generation ago, the idea of a veteran international banker leading a global organisation charged with saving the planet’s dwindling and besieged wildlife would have seemed far-fetched.
Even Pavan Sukhdev — recently appointed president of World Wildlife Fund International after a quarter century at ANZ Banking and Deutsche Bank, followed by a decade working with the UN — didn’t see it coming.
“Today, I realise this is a natural place for me to be,” he told AFP during an interview at the headquarters of WWF France, on the outskirts of Paris.
Sukhdev, 57, no longer manages money markets or conjures up derivatives, but he has not turn his back on the business world. Indeed, the Indian-born economist is convinced that it holds the key to saving the environment — and our place in it.
“Corporations are the single most important institution of our times,” he said, noting they account for two-thirds of global economy, and an equal share of jobs.
“Their leaders — CEOs, CFOs, CMOs, the ‘C-suite’ generally — are setting the direction in which we are driving.”
Up to now, Sukhdev acknowledges, that direction has mostly taken us down the road to environmental ruin.
Our species is emptying the sea of fish, disgorging 40 billion tonnes of planet-warming CO2 into the atmosphere each year, and relentlessly polluting soil, sea and air.
When it comes to wildlife, humanity’s appetites and expanding footprint have triggered the first mass extinction event since a giant meteorite wiped out terrestrial dinosaurs more than 65 million years ago.
These “externalities” — in the bloodless lingo of economists — of sustained growth have mushroomed into an existential threat for many species, including homo sapiens.
“Today’s corporations inflict significant negative externalities on the planet,” said Sukhdev. “They need to recognise that responsibility.”
If C-suite executives are only now beginning to think that way, it’s party because of the “conventional wisdom” that a corporation is merely a machine to make money for shareholders — a notion he rejects.
Just as humans are not defined by their need to breathe, Sukhdev argued, corporations should not be limited to the drive for profits.
“Shaming is not outside of our remit. But neither is encouragement,” he said. “We need both. And ‘we’ is not just WWF — it is also the hundreds of millions of people that, under our compact, ‘we shall engage, inspire and mobilise’. It involves all of us.”
As Sukhdev transitioned from banking to environmental economics, he was commissioned in 2007 by the “G8+5” forum of nations, which included China and India, to investigate the economics of biodiversity.
His highly influential report developed the concept of “ecosystem services” long taken for granted — mangroves protecting coastal communities during storms, aquifers providing drinking water, bees pollinating commercial crops.
The value of these vanishing resources, he concluded, must be entered into society’s — and corporate — balance sheets.
“It’s not about putting a price on nature,” as critics of the concept contend, Sukhdev said. “It’s for recognising the value, and that it has a public benefit.”
Scientists estimate that humanity uses nearly twice as much of this “natural capital” as can be replenished by Earth each year, creating an ever deeper “ecological debt”.
Founded in Switzerland in 1961, the World Wildlife Fund adopted the iconic giant panda as its logo and quickly spawned autonomous chapters in Britain and the United States.
Today, it has 34 national organisations and 50 project offices under its umbrella, run by a staff of 6,700 and supported by a membership 5.4 million strong. It is present in more than 100 countries.
During its first four decades, the WWF raised money and worked with governments in Latin America and Africa to create and expand wildlife refuges.
As the ecological crisis grew in scale and complexity, however, it became apparent that carving out new marine and forest protected areas — while essential — was not enough.
Today, WWF International and its national branches work in six distinct but intertwined areas: wildlife, oceans, forests, freshwater, food and climate change/energy.
Ban announces launch of new partnership platform to support financing for Sustainable Development Goals
Diesel: new data proves that modern diesel cars emit low pollutant emissions on the road November 5, 2018
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 November 2013
Bucknell University President John Bravman told the school’s second-largest incoming class to find a way to change the world. That was his charge to the 976 new students — one student fewer than last fall’s record class — reported in this story on Bucknell’s 173rd academic year convocation.
Hairstyles for Medium Short Hair – Delightful to help our weblog, within this period I will provide you with about hairstyles for medium short hair . And today, this is the initial image: How about picture over? is usually that will remarkable???. if you think…
Tags: hairstyles for braids, hairstyles for damaged hair, hairstyles for fall 2015, hairstyles for half up half down, hairstyles for jeans and shirt, hairstyles for just washed hair, hairstyles for m shaped hairline, hairstyles for medium hair 2015, hairstyles for naturally wavy hair, hairstyles for young adults
44 Best Of Hairstyles for Party – Delightful to help my personal blog, in this period We’ll teach you with regards to hairstyles for party . And after this, this is actually the very first picture: Why not consider image earlier mentioned? is in which…
Tags: hairstyles for engagement, hairstyles for formal, hairstyles for frizzy hair, hairstyles for half up half down, hairstyles for juda, hairstyles for long hair round face, hairstyles for long thin hair, hairstyles for over 40, hairstyles for picture day, hairstyles for zombies
Hairstyles for Guys with Short Hair – Welcome for you to my personal weblog, within this time period I’ll explain to you in relation to hairstyles for guys with short hair . And from now on, this is the initial picture: Why don’t you consider…
Tags: hairstyles for curly hair, hairstyles for dances, hairstyles for elderly la s, hairstyles for ethnic wear, hairstyles for half up half down, hairstyles for long curly hair, hairstyles for thin hair, hairstyles for u shaped hair, hairstyles for v back dress, hairstyles for xmas 2015
Hairstyles for Short Dreadlocks Pics- Welcome for you to our website, in this period I’ll explain to you regarding hairstyles for short dreadlocks . And today, this is actually the very first impression: What about impression over? will be of which amazing???. if you think…
Tags: hairstyles for c section, hairstyles for elderly la s, hairstyles for fine hair, hairstyles for hair when wet, hairstyles for half up half down, hairstyles for kerala hindu brides, hairstyles for naturally curly hair, hairstyles for older la s, hairstyles for round face, hairstyles for wide faces
Awesome Hairstyles for Balding Men – Welcome to our website, within this time period I am going to demonstrate regarding hairstyles for balding men . And now, this is actually the initial graphic: What about image previously mentioned? is of which amazing???. if you think…
Tags: hairstyles for big faces, hairstyles for curly long hair, hairstyles for extensions, hairstyles for fall 2015, hairstyles for half up half down, hairstyles for mother of the bride, hairstyles for older la s, hairstyles for queen of hearts, hairstyles for saree, hairstyles for zodiac signs
Fresh Hairstyles for Long Hair Men – Allowed to be able to my personal website, in this time I’ll explain to you in relation to hairstyles for long hair men . And from now on, this is the initial impression: What about photograph previously mentioned?…
Tags: hairstyles for a square face, hairstyles for christmas, hairstyles for fine thin hair, hairstyles for half up half down, hairstyles for long hair 2015, hairstyles for oblong faces, hairstyles for poofy hair, hairstyles for really long hair, hairstyles for thin hair, hairstyles for your birthday
Best Of Hairstyles for Short Curly Hair – Pleasant to help my personal blog site, in this particular occasion I’m going to teach you with regards to hairstyles for short curly hair . And now, this is the very first image: How about impression earlier…
Tags: hairstyles for a round face, hairstyles for brides, hairstyles for everyday, hairstyles for half up half down, hairstyles for layered hair, hairstyles for long hair round face, hairstyles for school, hairstyles for v neck dress, hairstyles for wet hair, hairstyles for ziplining
44 Best Of Hairstyles for Girls for School – Welcome for you to our blog, with this period I’ll teach you concerning hairstyles for girls for school . And from now on, this can be a initial picture: Why don’t you consider graphic earlier mentioned?…
Tags: hairstyles for a night out, hairstyles for fine thin hair, hairstyles for half up half down, hairstyles for kurtis, hairstyles for men, hairstyles for round faces 2016, hairstyles for thick wavy hair, hairstyles for undercuts, hairstyles for v neck dress, hairstyles for young guys
Today was one of these days that my coffee needed a coffee... And I really couldn't make myself cook in the morning. So, the vegetarian bento was made! It's fast, it's simple, and it tasted great. Consider that a fancy salad for lazy days.
This idea mixes the basic sausage bento idea with previously mentioned teriyaki smoked salmon don for a more premium feel of the bento, without adding any more trouble while making the bento.
Sausages are a huge part of my bento making — they are easy to prepare, ridiculously delicious and so straightforward to store that I just like to toss some of them into any of my bento!
This particular recipe has a teriyaki twist, thanks to cooking the sausages in water with teriyaki sauce. Yum!
I've decided to challenge myself and try blogging every single day for the month of June. I can promise you that not every post will be ...
*** LONG POST WARNING *** I was nothing but excited for this race!! I had zero nerves whatsoever, which for a worrier like myself, is a hug...
All rands ASUSAT%26TAcerAircellAiro-WirelessAlcatelAltekAluratekAmazonAmoiAncortAppleArchosArimaBBKBLUBarnes-NobleBellperreBenQBenq-SiemensBlackBerryBlackphoneBluebirdCOWONCasioCaterpillarCelkonClevoCobaltCobyCompuLabCoolpadCricketCyberbankDMD-MobileDallabDellDmoboDoCoMoDopodE-TenEVGAEmporiaEnsoEvromediaFairPhoneFlyFomaFujitsuGarmin-AsusGeeksPhoneGeneral-MobileGetacGhooGigabyteGioneeGoldvishGoogleGoophoneGressoHELIOHKCHPHTCHUALUHUAWEIHaierHandheld-EuropeHiSenseHitachiI-mobileINQ-MobileITGIUNIIcemobileInnostreamInnoxInsigniaIntermecJetWayJoinTechK-TouchKarbonnKazamKempler-StraussKoganKonkaKupaKyoceraLGLamborghiniLavaLemon-MobilesLenovoLonMIDLumigonM3-MobileMIOMOMODESIGNMWgMaxwestMedionMegaFonMeituMeizuMicromaxMicrosoftMobiadoMobiistarMobinovaMotorolaNECNIUNeonodeNokiaNotionInkNvidiaO2ONEPLUSOPPOOQOOgoOpenmokoOrangePCDPalmPanasonicPantechPharosPhilipsPlumPolaroidPorsche-DesignPrestigioQSAlphaQiGiQmobileQtekRoverPCRunboSagemSamsungSanyoSaygusSciPhoneSharpSharper-ImageSimvalleySmart-DevicesSmartisanSoftBankSonimSonySony-EricssonSpice-MobileSpriiingSprintSwisscomSynrgicT-MobileTAG-HeuerTCLTechlab-2000TerreStarTheMedicalPhoneThomsonToshibaTransPhoneTrimbleUMIDUMXUTstarcomUlysse-NardinVelocity-MobileVerizonVertuVerykoolVerzoVideoconViewSonicVilivVirgin-MobileVivoVizioVk-MobileVodafoneWacomWanxinWayteQWikipadWillcomWindowsXcuteXiaomiXoloYezzYotaZTEZen-MobileZenumZopoaufusiongaragei-mateimovioinbricsiriverjollamivvynVidia
Das überregionale Portal zum Bearded-Collie mit Welpenverkauf, Züchterliste, Deckrüden und Hündinnen, Kleinanzeigen, Ausstellungsergebnissen, Linkliste und mehr.
Crying In The Rain The Everly Brothers I'll never let you see The way my broken heart is hurting me I've got my pride and I know how to hide All my sorrow and pain I'll do my crying in the rain If I wait for cloudy skies You won't know the rain from the tears in my eyes You'll never know that I still love you so Though the heartaches remain I'll do my crying in the rain Raindrops falling from heaven Could never wash away my misery But since we're not together I'll wait for stormy weather To hide these tears I hope you'll never see Someday when my crying's done I'm gonna wear a smile and walk in the sun I may be a fool But till then, darling, you'll never see me complain I'll do my craing in the rain I'll do my crying in the rain I'll do my crying in the rain I'll do my crying in the rain
On January 3, 1876, the Court in West Chester made a decree incorporating the village of Penningtonville into a...
Authenticity and Emulation: Chiptune in the Early Twenty-first Century (ICMC 2008) (Paper and Presentation)
Worlds Colliding?: Traditional Japanese and Western Music in the cult anime film “Ghost In the Shell” (JSAA 2005) (Paper and Presentation)
Charles Fracé passed away on December 16, 2005, but his legacy as an internationally renowned wildlife artist and dedicated conservationist for more than 30 years will stand the test of time. His portraits of so many of the world’s beautiful animals – from a leopard cub to an elephant – are still admired and collected by people who have known the man and others who know of Fracé’s reputation for setting the standard for painters of wildlife.
Growing up in a rural environment, the artist spent his childhood outdoors, which grew into a fascination that remained with him throughout his life. Drawing at an early age, Fracé taught himself to paint, which eventually earned him a scholarship to the Museum School of Art in Philadelphia where he graduated with honors. He launched his career as a freelance illustrator in New York City and worked for some of the nation’s best known publishers of books and magazines. Accompanying a friend on a trip to Florida and helping handle birds of prey at a wildlife facility, Fracé experienced a reawakening of his love for animals. He knew he was destined to paint wildlife. His incredible talent won him a wide range of nature publishers and the artist soon became one of the nation’s most sought-after illustrators of wildlife.
Frustrated by deadlines and restrictions of illustration, Fracé longed to paint the animals he so loved. Painting for a time in his studio, he had finished only one work, which his wife, Elke, took to a local gallery. It sold that afternoon. Encouraged by the initial response to his work, Fracé spent evenings working on more paintings as he met illustration deadlines. In 1973, the artist went from illustrator to full-time artist and never looked back.
With the release of Fracé’s first limited edition print, massive collector acceptance of this new artist was overwhelming. Thirty years would pass as this Master of the Natural Domain painted his beloved animals and collectors eagerly awaited each new image. They knew with the artist’s talent and technique that every feather, every curvature, every habitat was correct; the viewer was brought up close and personal with Fracé’s animals.
During Fracé’s legendary career, he was featured in more than 450 one-man shows around the country. In 1992, the artist was honored with an exhibition of 36 of his paintings at the Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of Natural History.
As a dedicated conservationist, Fracé held a deep concern for the endangered species of the world. He donated original paintings to raise funds and gave large sums of money to various wildlife organizations.
A hundred years from now, possibly much of the wildlife and settings Fracé painted may have vanished, but his legacy and work will stand as a record of these animals and their environment and the man who loved them so.
Due to limitations of the programming interfaces provided by Microsoft Outlook, some of the features of NK2Edit, like importing records from the address book, requires to run the correct build of NK2Edit according to the installed build of Outlook. NK2Edit 32-bit for 32-bit version of Outlook, and NK2Edit 64-bit for 64-bit version of Outlook.
In order to make easier life for organizations with mixed environment of computers running Outlook 32-bit and computer running Outlook 64-bit, version 2.70 of NK2Edit introduces new package containing both 32-bit and 64-bit executables, and a third executable file that runs the correct build according to the installed build of Outlook.
NK2Edit.exe - Small executable file that checks the installed build of Outlook in the Registry and automatically executes the needed version of NK2Edit - nk2edit_32_bit.exe or nk2edit_64_bit.exe
You can freely run NK2Edit.exe with any command-line option you need, and it'll automatically transfer all command-line options to the executable that it runs (nk2edit_32_bit.exe or nk2edit_64_bit.exe)
My reflections upon this "Fasting Blessing" enabled me to understand more deeply the meaning of Lent. Dwelling upon these words I sense the space, the yearning, the spirit and am at peace within; leading me to be more willing to let go of more. Subscribe to the Centre for continued Lenten practices and be blessed with a closer walk with God.
Spiritual formation awakens disciples to the Divine Presence in the midst of everyday life. Through spiritual practices, and worship we learn to listen for God’s Spirit and discern invitations to share God’s love. (Church website)
Discernment, a practice of spiritual formation is a continual learning curve for me of which I barely scratch the surface. Speaking from my personal experience as one who tends to be a “doer” when I should be listening, I have experienced throughout my life varying degrees of self-reliance in ministry and mission. One may perceive they are engaging appropriately in ministry but there are subtle and perhaps even dramatic differences between the course of application I might think is required or to pursue vs that which the Spirit may nudge me to do. Much of ministry I fear to say, is predicated on the illusion of human competence being the source of knowledge, method and manner of applying ministry. Beyond that, this self-reliance also overlooks the spiritually intuitive notion of when ministry is needed by someone or missional opportunities are opportune at any given moment.
This reality is beyond human knowing. Ministry in its purest sense is attunement to the spirit, being present to insightful impressions that connect our ministry with people’s lives. Further, beyond the recognition of required ministry is the sense of compassion, empathy and love felt for that person. Even further, perhaps words of comfort, affirmation, counsel or hope, may accompany the impression to provide personal ministry that resonates in the life of the individual. Sometimes there is healing. And finally, there is empowerment in knowing the spirit is with me in ministry to engage in the actions that have been discerned for ministry. The fullness of the discernment experience is far reaching and impactful in ways we would never know without participation in trusting the Spirit to be present in our ministry.
The encounter for the minister and disciple is rich beyond words with blessing to be part of God’s loving ministries of grace. To be solely self-reliant upon our illusive sufficiencies is a poor imitation of Christ’s empowerment of his disciples. And so I ask myself, how important is spiritual formation? Endearingly needed within our calling as disciples!
Many of us have walked the labyrinths at Ziontario, Noronto, Encounter or elsewhere in our spiritual formation. I have done so twice before myself. This past week I, with 15 others journeyed upon a labyrinth in the Temple. One of our companions shared that this was his first time and his first impression was….. intellectually and logically, these rows of winding pathways did not make sense. How could this be a meaningful spiritual practice? How could this simple exercise be more than a physical walk and be no doubt boring? But….Upon completing the journey in perhaps 30 minutes within the 40’x40’ canvas creation he said this was one of the most powerful spiritual encounters of his life.
For me, all of my previous labyrinth walks had been solo journeys, going inward in my prayerful moments of traversing the winding paths. With many others in our group the experience of the labyrinth became an interactive encounter both with the Divine and also with those on the trek alongside me. The way into the centre is a time of release, emptying oneself, becoming vulnerable to the Spirit. Arriving at the labyrinth centrepoint, I was expectant of receiving, listening, discerning, being mindful of the impress of the Spirit within and around me. On the pathway leaving the centre I was sensing a sending forth, a knowing direction for living my life in ministry. All of these transforming encounters occurred richly. The moments spent within were sacred and sacramental.
The presence of others on this pilgrimage became a blessing. As each person approached me on adjacent paths we “felt” in very real discerning ways….. affirming words, deep communion within a gaze, hand touches, embraces, shared meaning that transcended usual fellowship with a purity of heart and sacred oneness. Peace was experienced, a passive joy bubbled up from within and the journey felt like “home.” In our sharing following this spiritual exercise of entering the realms of the Divine one with another, it was evident every single person was attuned to the spirit in new ways; that we were transformed and sent forth with passion to be a witness of this grace and invite others to know personal encounter with the Holy.
As a church we are so blessed to have recent prophetic reaffirmation of spiritual formation as our foundational journey to “be” in preparation to “do”. Each of us are incomplete disciples without daily encounter with our compassionate Creator. I urge you to not miss this reality in your life. I invite you to reach out in soul emptying vulnerability that opens you to “presence, peace and passion” We can shed the illusions of our culture and become individually transformed into a prophetic people of blessing. Trust that our individual calling is not an illusion; that our movement borne out of anguished prayer is the model for every single one of us. Let us present ourselves in utmost humility to God who waits upon us and breach the barrier of illusion. Trust in the words, “Be still and know that I am God”.
1. After a long period of almost two years of enforcing the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015 and barrage of amendments brought in the Companies(Share Capital and Debentures Rules), 2014, in order to align with policy initiatives or as a corrective measure in response to practical difficulties faced by corporates, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has once again revisited the said rules. However, this time the changes brought in through the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Amendment Rules, 20181 (‘Amended Rules’) are to simplify the signing requirements of physical share certificates. Further, the said simplification which is mainly due to the omission of the requirement of mandatorily having a common seal, brought in by the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015, has also resulted into amending Schedule I of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) vide MCA’s Notification2 dated April 11, 2018.
This article analyses the changes brought in through the amended Rules and the alteration in Schedule I of the Act.
“(3) Every share certificate shall be issued under the seal, if any, of the company, which shall be affixed in the presence of, and signed by-
(a)	two directors duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the company for the purpose or the committee of the Board, if so authorized by the Board; and
Provided that in case a company does not have a common seal, the share certificate shall be signed by two directors or by a director and the Company Secretary, wherever the company has appointed a Company Secretary:
Provided further that, if the composition of the Board permits of it, at least one of the aforesaid two directors shall be a person other than a managing director or a whole time director:
Provided also that, in case of a One Person Company, every share certificate shall be issued under the seal, if any, of the company, which shall be affixed in the presence of and signed by one director or a person authorised by the Board of Directors of the company for the purpose and the Company Secretary, or any other person authorised by the Board for the purpose, and in case the One Person Company does not have a common seal, the share certificate shall be signed by the persons in the presence of whom the seal is required to be affixed in this proviso.
Explanation- For the purposes of this sub-rule, a director shall be deemed to have signed the share certificate if his signature is printed thereon as a facsimile signature by means of any machine, equipment or other mechanical means such as engraving in metal or lithography, or digitally signed, but not by means of a rubber stamp, provided that the director shall be personally responsible for permitting the affixation of his signature thus and the safe custody of any machine, equipment or other material used for the purpose.”
“(3) Every certificate shall specify the shares to which it relates and the amount paid-up thereon and shall be signed by two directors or by a director and the Company Secretary, wherever the company has appointed Company Secretary:
Provided that in case the company has a common seal it shall be affixed in the presence of persons required to sign the certificate.
(a)	in case of an One Person Company, it shall be sufficient if the certificate is signed by a director and the company secretary or any other person authorised by the Board for the purpose.
(b)	a director shall be deemed to have signed the share certificate if his signature is printed thereon as facsimile signature by means of any machine, equipment or other mechanical means such as engraving in metal or lithography or digitally signed, but not by means of rubber stamp, provided that the director shall be personally responsible for permitting the affixation of his signature thus and the safe custody of any machine, equipment or other material used for the purpose.”
Pursuant to the enforcement of the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015, the use of common seal has been made optional and, consequently, several provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules dealing with common seal have been amended to incorporate the above requirement. However, even after aligning the changes with the requirements of the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015, the provisions dealing with the requirement of signing the physical share certificates were not clear. In this regard, the Amended Rules provide the following simple requirements:
(a)	The physical share certificates shall be signed by two directors or by a director and the Company Secretary, wherever the company has appointed Company Secretary;
(b)	In case the company has a common seal, it shall be affixed in the presence of persons required to sign the certificate as mentioned in point a) above.
(c)	In case of an OPC, the certificate shall be signed by a director and the Company Secretary or any other person authorised by the Board for the purpose.
(a)	The separate authorisation and signing requirements in case of companies having common seal have been done away with.
(b)	Where a company does not have a common seal, the requirement of at least one of the two directors, signing the certificate, is no more required from a person other than a managing director or a whole time director.
In Para 2 (ii) of Table F, the requirement of issuing share certificate under the common seal has been substituted by the following:
“Every certificate shall specify the shares to which it relates to and the amount paid-up thereon and shall be signed by two directors or by a director and the company secretary, wherever the company has appointed a company secretary: Provided that in case the company has a common seal it shall be affixed in the presence of the persons required to sign the certificate.
Explanations.- For the purposes of this item, it is hereby clarified that in case of an One Person Company, it shall be sufficient if the certificate is signed by a director and the company secretary, wherever the company has appointed a company secretary, or any other person authorised by the Board for the purpose.”
“Explanations.- : For the purposes of this sub-paragraph it is hereby clarified that on and from the commencement of the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015 (21 of 2015), i.e. with effect from the 29th May, 2015, company may not be required to have the seal by virtue of registration under the Act and if a company does not have the seal, the provisions of this sub-paragraph shall not be applicable.”
The same has been inserted to align the provisions of Table F with the requirements of Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015
“Explanations.- For the purposes of this sub-paragraph it is hereby clarified that on and from the commencement of the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015 (21 of 2015), i.e., with effect from the 29th May, 2015, company may not be required to have the seal by virtue of registration under the Act and if a company does not have the seal, the provisions of this sub-paragraph shall not be applicable.”
This change is similar to the second change inserted in Table F and the same has been inserted to align the provisions of this Table with the requirements of the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015.
Both, the Amended Rules and the alteration in Schedule I of the Act, are mainly clarificatory in nature and are the result of the changes brought in the requirement of having a common seal in the company vide Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015 almost two years before.
CBIC clarified that LUT shall be deemed to be accepted on Generation of ARN, No documents required to be physically submitted to Jurisdictional Office
1.	Income Tax Department warns salaried employees against filing wrong ITRs- Cautioning prosecution, employers also to be intimated.Press Trust of India.
3.	20.04.18 is Last Day to file GSTR-5 by foreign suppliers, non-resident, GSTR-5A for non resident foreign Taxpayers, GSTR-3B Return Summary, for March , 2018.
5.	RBI has issued a notification w.r.t Liberalised Remittance Scheme (LRS) for Resident Individuals and daily reporting of transactions. Currently, transactions under Liberalised Remittance Scheme (LRS) are being permitted by AD banks based on the declaration made by the remitter.
6.	DGFT has launched of facility to check status of Importer Exporter Code (IEC) application made to DGFT by the stakeholders. As IEC is ready for Import/ Export of goods only after IEC details get successfully registered at DGFT and accepted by ICEGATE (Customs).
Goods and Services Tax (GST) is a proposed system of indirect taxation in India merging most of the existing taxes into single system of taxation.
Various representations have been received seeking clarification on issues relating to refund. In order to clarify these issues and to ensure uniformity in the implementation of the provisions of law across the field formations, the Board, in exercise of its powers conferred by section 168 (1) of the Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 (hereinafter referred to as “CGST Act”), hereby clarifies the issues as detailed hereunder:
Refund claim shall be accompanied by a print-out of FORM GSTR-2A of the claimant for the relevant period for which the refund is claimed.
The proper office shall order for the rejected amount to be re-credited to the electronic credit ledger of the claimant using FORM GST RFD-01B.
For recovery of this amount, a demand notice shall have to be simultaneously issued to the claimant under section 73 or 74 of the CGST Act.
In case demand is confirmed, the said amount shall be added to the electronic liability register of the claimant through FORM GST DRC- 07.
Alternatively, the claimant can voluntarily pay this amount, along with interest and penalty, if applicable, before service of the demand notice, and intimate the same to the proper officer in FORM GST DRC-03
The rejected amount shall be re-credited to the electronic credit ledger of the claimant using FORM GST RFD-01B.
Goods / supplies which has been imported on which benefit of reduced tax or no tax incidence under certain specified notification has been availed (i.e. Advance Authorization/EPCG), shall not be eligible for refund on integrated tax paid on export of goods or services.
A few cases have come to notice where a tax authority, after receiving a sanction order from the counterpart tax authority (Centre or State), has refused to disburse the relevant sanctioned amount calling into question the validity of the sanction order on certain grounds.
It is clarified that the remedy for correction of an incorrect or erroneous sanction order lies in filing an appeal against such order and not in withholding of the disbursement of the sanctioned amount.
It is hereby clarified that neither the State nor the Central tax authorities shall refuse to disburse the amount sanctioned by the counterpart tax authority on any grounds whatsoever, except under sub-section (11) of section 54 of the CGST Act.
As per certain notification and clarification, once deficiency memo has been issued in RFD-03, the refund claim will have to file fresh refund application.
It has been learnt that certain field formations are issuing show cause notices to the claimants in cases where the refund application is not re-submitted after the issuance of a deficiency memo.
These show-cause-notices are being subsequently adjudicated and orders are being passed in FORM GST RFD-04/06.
A refund application which is re-submitted after the issuance of a deficiency memo shall have to be treated as a fresh application and no show-cause-notice is required to be issued.
In this regard, it is clarified that the limit of rupees one thousand shall be applied for each tax head separately and not cumulatively.
The limit would not apply in cases of refund of excess balance in the electronic cash ledger. ... See more
Delhi : Salary for services like accounting, IT, human resource, provided by the head office of a company to its branch offices in other states will attract 18 per cent GST. According to an order passed by the Karnataka bench of the Authority for Advance Ruling (AAR), the activities between two offices is treated as supplies under the GST law. It said the valuation of supply will include all costs, including the employee cost provided by one distinct entity to the other distinct entities. "The activities performed by the employees at the corporate office in the course of or in relation to employment such as accounting, other administrative and IT system maintenance for the units located in the other states as well i.e. distinct persons as per Section 25(4) of the Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 (CGST Act) shall be treated as supply as per Entry 2 of Schedule I of the CGST Act," the AAR said. ... See more
In a major setback to the traders, the Authority for Advance Rulings (AAR) of Maharashtra has ruled that the post- sale discounts offered by manufacturers to dealers cannot be deducted from the transaction value under the GST regime. ... See more
11 May 18 - The Government’s ban on new oil and gas exploration permits, threats to restrict the number of cows and charging applicants for the cost of inquiries for marine consents were all on Parliament’s agenda this week.
23 Apr 18 - Former Green MP Kennedy Graham will keep working with the ground-breaking cross-Parliamentary Globe climate group, its new chairperson says.
3 Nov 17 - MPs from the pan-Parliamentary Globe group have taken over responsibility for climate change and the environment in the National Party caucus.
29 Jun 17 - The Government is refusing to support a motion acknowledging that a third of the world’s population is now exposed to deadly heatwaves because of climate change.
27 Jun 17 - Parliament will be asked tomorrow to note that up to a third of the world’s population is now exposed to deadly heatwaves as a result of climate change.
1 Jun 17 - Finance minister Steven Joyce, who explained yesterday that he didn’t have time to mention climate change in his Budget speech, says New Zealand’s emissions are heading “in the right direction”.
18 Apr 17 - Simon Upton’s nomination to be the next Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment has been confirmed by Parliament, but it wasn’t unanimous.
7 Apr 17 - The Government’s changes to the Resource Management Act scraped through Parliament last night.
8 Mar 17 - Environmental debates in Parliament yesterday stayed with the issue of the moment – fresh water.
17 Feb 17 - Climate minister and deputy prime minister Paula Bennett has received a bouquet for her action on climate change from an unexpected quarter – Green MP Kennedy Graham.
9 Nov 16 - Taxpayers are paying $25 a tonne to offset the climate impact of air travel by Cabinet ministers and their staff.
20 Oct 16 - PRIME MINISTER John Key says New Zealand can cut greenhouse gas emissions while increasing agricultural production, despite advice to the contrary.
22 Sep 16 - The Government is doing it again – claiming to have introduced the Emissions Trading Scheme when it actually voted against it.
16 Jun 16 - A bank in which Prime Minister John Key is a shareholder has been named one of the worst in the world for its level of investing in fossil fuels.
1 Jun 16 - The announcement yesterday of a formal working relationship between the Labour and Green parties is a potential turning-point in New Zealand’s battle to adapt to climate change.
26 May 16 - The one-for-two subsidy to emitters will be phased out from January, but the $25 price cap and the allocation of free credits to trade-exposed heavy emitters are staying, the Government has just...
26 May 16 - New Zealand’s net greenhouse gas emissions have gone up 19 per cent under the National Government – and Climate Change Minister Paula Bennett is blaming population growth.
26 May 16 - More than a quarter of the units New Zealand used to meet its Kyoto commitments were hot-air credits, Climate Change Minister Paula Bennett said in Parliament yesterday.
7 Dec 15 - Labour’s new climate change spokesman for the Pacific already has runs on the board - getting the influential Parliamentarians for Global Action network to push for internationally recognition for...
Carcinogen Citizen of the republic of Korea Medicinae Doctor Orthopaedic surgeon Liberalist Anti-nationalist Pastafarian Amateur photographer Stupid novelist Hobby bassist Master of invective
Carcinogen’s Blog is powered by tattertools and tistory / Designed by inokio / Revised by Carcinogen
Your browser does not support JavaScript!. Please enable javascript in your browser in order to get form work properly.
The lead single off their #1 Album 'Let The Ocean Take Me'. Coming in at #22 in Triple J's Hottest 100 in 2014, Pittsburgh achieved a million views on youtube within a week of its release.
The successful follow up single to Pittsburgh, was shot at the same time and achieved another strong position in Triple J's Hottest 100. The band asked for a nostalgic, home video feel, reflecting the lyrics focusing on the issue of teenage angst.
A golden opportunity to work with one of his favourite bands. 'I am' is the second chapter of a video trilogy from their #2 Aria album 'The Catalyst Fire', which follows the journey of a young boy awakening the masses.
An exercise in duality, appearing both in front and behind the camera for the first epic single from Like Thieves 2nd EP 'Wake From Eternal Sleep'. Visually striking, this clip is an exercise in multiple frame speed juxtaposed against a noir backdrop.
The second single of Like Thieves first EP, 'The Wolves at Winters Edge' is a composite of isolated band member shots against a backdrop of impactful, politically tinged stock footage. A powerful statement on a limited budget.
The responsibility of running a business can sometimes be difficult for even the most experienced professionals. Taking on a partner can lighten the workload, lessen your financial burdens and improve the overall quality of your products, services and reputation. Finding a business partner may seem hard, but finding your rhythm with your business partner is much harder. If you're thinking about a partnership, consider the following list and avoid the potential pitfalls, brought to you by BizBoon-the best company for B2B consultancy services.
Whenever you share your own capital, be it money, resources, information or property you automatically give away your enterprise ability. This is not the right approach; instead of sharing the capital one must work out an arrangement where expenses are shared in an associative arrangement. It also makes it easier to walk away if things go wrong.
Having basic partnership or incorporation papers that outline each party's roles and obligations, as well as other agreements more specific to the type of business, is key to preventing problems down the road. This is an essential factor for all forms of partnerships whether it is local partnership or international business partnerships.
Without serious discussions about the future of the business, partners may find themselves at odds with each other as challenges and opportunities present themselves down the road. Ultimately, this can gridlock a business if partners cannot agree on a plan of action to take the company forward.
In any partnership agreement, define the terms of an exit strategy that allows you or your partner to walk away from the partnership. This can be done very clearly and simply and without imploding the operations of a successful business.
Things won’t be perfect when you are starting out, but if you give it some time and work through the things mentioned above, you can easily have a business partnership that works towards the betterment of your business organization. For more such articles on business partnership or valuable tips on offshore company formation, visit BizBoon-the leading business networking site at- https://bizboon.com/
As an emerging market, China offers endless business opportunities for foreign entrepreneurs who want to discover new business opportunities to grow and sustain their businesses but Chinese business culture is unlike it is anywhere else in the world and to thrive in this market, foreign companies need to have an understanding of running business in China. If you are planning to run a business in China, here are some things to keep in mind, brought to you by BizBoon-one of the best small business networking sites.
Many procedures that would be handled electronically in other countries require reams of paperwork which need to be filled in and stamped by hand. The time required to complete these efforts can be unexpectedly lengthy. To be successful in China, your company will need a full-time administrative team in place which can handle all of your company’s paperwork in China.
Operating in a country with a history of thousands of years and ways of doing business that go back as far it is valuable to develop insight into China's business culture and social etiquette to avoid misunderstandings that could scuttle deals and harm working relationships, suggest the experts at BizBoon-the best way to connect and discover China’s B2B marketplace.
If you have decided to design a new, simpler, and more direct way to get your products to the market, you should anticipate and evaluate economically all the possible risks. You must also have in place a strong strategy for B2B marketing in China.
For your company to succeed in China it is important to spend time cultivating relationships with counterpart businesses, government agencies, and trade organizations.
China B2B Marketplace is where you can find emerging businesses in China. The more you connect with Chinese businesses, the more you will discover new business opportunities. So, what are you waiting for? Log in to BizBoon.com today to connect and discover China’s B2B marketplace. There are genuine opportunities for foreign companies seeking to expand in the Chinese market; all you need to do is look into the right place like BizBoon to get them.
The importance of marketing cannot be debated. No matter how great your product or service is, without any marketing efforts, your business is more likely to fall flat. One of the rising trends in today’s business world is outsourcing marketing. So, let’s have a look at some of the top reasons to outsource marketing, brought to you by BizBoon-the best social media platform to find partners for business process Offshoring.
By outsourcing marketing, a company can save overhead, commitment, recruiting time, training time, and expenses of full-time staff, while allowing them to tap into experts without all the associated expenses.
A good agency will be able to apply their specialist knowledge to your business – and will know how best to build in the newer methods right for your market, whether that is mobile advertising or targeted e-mail marketing, suggest the experts at BizBoon-the leading site for finding entrepreneurial opportunities.
Employing a full-staffed in-house marketing team can be costly; from employees’ salaries, to healthcare, paid vacation time, and end of the year bonuses. An outsourced marketing team can reduce these overhead costs while ensuring a customized campaign geared towards clients’ goals.
Having someone in your organization perform the essential functions of marketing, without the experience and expertise to make it work consumes a lot of time. Outsourcing your marketing saves you precious time, and allows key personnel to concentrate on other essential functions.
By outsourcing your marketing, you now have the ability to quantify the results of marketing initiatives done by real marketing experts.
Marketing is not a onetime process; it’s a continuous process that requires lots of follow up, and constant adjustments and refinements. So, visit BizBoon to find the best small business outsourcing service for your business marketing and find a way to lead your business on the path of success. BizBoon.com is India’s number one business networking site that connects professional and businesses all over the world.
A business's location can make an important difference to its success. When you do your business in the right location then your chances of finding good business opportunities increase many times. If you are an entrepreneur, with a dream to make it big in the competitive world of business, here are some important tips to find the right location, brought to you by BizBoon-the best website to build global b2b connections.
Research the location you are planning to open up your business in before signing a lease or buying property. The more you research; the better will be your chances of finding an ideal location.
Accessibility to the customers is your major concern when looking for the right business location. Find out if the majority of the human traffic in the area falls under your targeted consumer base. Find out whether you would be able to build a reliable business referral network.
The amenities of the place should also be high-quality because you are dealing with customers that you wish to appreciate your business. The business location should also be in a place where the environment is clean and organized.
Besides the base rent, consider all costs involved when choosing a location. Does it cover the cost of building maintenance, utilities and security? If the location is remote, you may also want to factor in the additional marketing costs it would take to enable customers to find you.
Do keep in mind the competition in the area you hope to serve. Seeing where your competitors are located gives you a good gauge about the feasibility of doing business in the area.
When choosing the right location for your business it is important to create a list of the qualities of an ideal location, so that the location you choose is what you really looking for. When you have a good business location, you definitely have a competitive edge over your competitors. For more such business tips or to get advice on registering a business in Canada, China or any other country visit BizBoon, the best business networking site at-https://bizboon.com/
Business partnerships have been an important part of entrepreneurship and startup success, but sometimes things don’t go as planned, as a result business partnerships end in a bad note. That’s why it is important to have a business partnership agreement in place even if you are entering into a partnership with your best friend or relative. Here are some of the top reasons to have a business partnership agreement, brought to you by BizBoon-the best way to build b2b network connections.
A partnership agreement include the partnership's business name, the partners’ roles, authorities and responsibilities within the business, how much each contributed and their allocations of profits and losses. Partnership agreements also detail buy-out agreements or how companies plan to carry on or dissolve if partners withdraw or pass away.
1. States ownership clearly: Investment in a business is not always monetary, an investment can include providing the building or other real property for the business, as well as specialized equipment for the business. A partnership agreement spells out exactly who owns what percentage of a business, eliminating chances of dispute, assert the experts at BizBoon-the best way to find business partners.
2. Resolving disputes: While partnership may have been started by close friends, disagreements are natural in any relationship, and it can be helpful to determine how the partners will work out these disagreements as they arise.
3. Clarifies roles of each partner: A partnership agreement sets out roles, listing the duties and position of each partner to the arrangement. This helps reduce confusion and arguments among members about what each person should contribute.
4. Beneficial for business: A Partnership Agreement is a legally binding document and allows the partners to structure the relationship in a way that suits their particular business.
No matter how strong your relationship with your business partner may be, sometimes it is easy to get carried away by emotions. A business partnership agreement protects the rights of both the partners while taking the business in a positive direction. For more such advice on company formation in India or to connect with professionals worldwide, visit BizBoon at-https://bizboon.com/
Taking your business to the next level is an important decision which should be done with adequate planning, otherwise everything may fall flat. There are many steps you will have to encounter, like building B2B connections, Delegating business activities, incorporating more technology etc. If you are a business owner and planning to expand your business, here are certain important things you need to know.
To expand, you will need a lot of new customers. However, you won’t be able to grow if your current customer base is unhappy. Make sure that you are giving them what they want and that you are satisfactorily meeting their expectations. Doing so will guarantee good feedback, repeat business, and ultimately, new referred customers.
In a hurry to expand your business, you may skip some important details; that’s why it’s important to go slow. Make sure that you’re truly ready to expand your global business network before you dive in.
Make sure, you make effective marketing strategies, before you even think of expansion. It’s important to simultaneously build your brand and your business. You want to continue building customer loyalty and affinity as you expand to new locations or markets
Growing your business means more stuff to do. You need to focus on the things that matter, like the activities that generate income. To be able to do this, you should delegate daily business activities; you may even consider Business Process Offshoring as an option. Doing this will not just save you additional cost but will also save you a lot of hassles.
The key to growth as you grow, is spend more and more time thinking about exactly what your core values are, and why you opened that first place and make sure that’s being infused in each of your new venture. Also, it’s important to build a strong business network to enhance the reputation of your company and establish as a brand. So, log in to BizBoon at-https://bizboon.com/ and find the most effective way to connect to the professionals and businesses world over.
Cloud Storage is all the rage these days. It’s an affordable and great way of storing data. But, often people are concerned about the safety of their data when storing their data on cloud. It’s a fairly natural concern as you are entrusting your valuable data to a third party. Here’s an interesting article on cloud storage by BizBoon-the provider of cloud storage for small business networking groups.
Whether you want to protect your documents from potential identity thieves, want your files locked down in case your laptop or phone is lost or stolen, or you're concerned about scandals, encrypting them is the only way to make sure you're the only one with access to them. Popular cloud storage providers like BizBoon encrypt files as they travel between your computer and the cloud servers.
Data encryption is the act of changing electronic information into an unreadable state by using algorithms or ciphers. It is the most effective way to achieve data security. With online storage drives, data is encrypted both during transmission and while at rest, ensuring no unauthorized users can access the files. To read an encrypted file, you must have access to a secret key or password that enables you to decrypt it. Unencrypted data is called plain text; encrypted data is referred to as cipher text.
· Your data is safe from viruses: Imagine working on a document all day and having a virus attack your computer just before you complete your work. Your hard drive will be useless and all of your hard work would have been for nothing. Businesses that use the cloud as a backup can access information saved to it even if their own on site hardware fails.
· Backup: Cloud storage serves as an added layer of data protection for your precious and irreplaceable files. Backups are kept in a secure location that is physically removed from the originals.
No matter what your need, cloud storage through an online backup service provides a myriad of advantages. So, visit BizBoon at-https://bizboon.com/ and find the most secure way to store your data.
BizBoon is a business networking platform with the aim to promote business partnerships and entrepreneurship globally. They offer a platform where businesses can connect with other businesses across the world to find new business opportunities and new markets.
Frank Zappa (read more) 5,439,552 plays scrobbled on Last.fm Frank Vincent Zappa (December 21, 1940 - December 4, 1993) was an American composer, guitarist, singer and satirist. In his 33-year musical career, Zappa proved to be one of the most prolific musician-composers of his era, releasing over 75 albums (including live performances) during his lifetime, almost all of which consisted of original compositions. He was also a renowned electric guitarist and a gifted producer-engineer who self-produced almost every recording he made after his 1966 debut. His work spanned virtually every contemporary musical genre (including avant-garde, rock, doo-wop, jazz, jazz fusion and contemporary classical), and was often noted for its blend of high art, rock opera, absurdity, scatological humor, and for its hilariously caustic social satire. He was also noted as a spotter of talent and his various groups included such musical luminaries as Lowell George, Jean-Luc Ponty, Al Di Meola, Terry Bozzio, Chad Wackerman, George Duke, Mike Keneally, Adrian Belew and Steve Vai as well as giving the lord of shock rock, Alice Cooper, his first break in music. (read more)
folksKaraoke free download. folksKaraoke is a compact karaoke player that lets you sing to popular songs and at the same time enjoy a slideshow of images from your last holidays....
olksKaraoke is a compact karaoke player that lets you sing to popular songs and at the same time enjoy a slideshow of images from your last holidays. You can specify one or more folders to take the images for the slideshow from and enjoy it while you're singing to a MIDI or a KAR file either full-screen or in a normal window. A special on-screen text search feature allows you to find a song within seconds and never have to go through the song list again.
The Beatles Lyrics List: (Submit New The Beatles Lyrics) ORMED: 1960, Liverpool, England DISBANDED: 1970 Inspired by the "skiffle boom", a student at Quarry Bank School in Liverpool named John Lennon decided to form a group in 1957 which laid the foundation to what was to become the most famous rock band of all time. John's original name was "The Blackjacks". However, this name only lasted a week and John used the school name as inspiration for the later name "The Quarry Men" in March 1957. John sang and played guitar, Colin Hanton played drums, Eric Griffiths on guitar, Pete Shotton on washboard, Rod Davis on banjo and Bill Smith on tea-chest bass. Bill was soon replaced by Ivan Vaughan.
Are you a local business? Please read more about the Calendar Events listing service at the Vibary Network for Business.
The Columbia Undergraduate Law Review is Columbia's premier undergraduate legal publication, representing students from Columbia College, SEAS, GS, and Barnard, and publishing pieces from undergraduate students across the globe.
In June of 2015, 22-year old Kalief Browder tied a cord to his neck, and pushed himself out of a hole in his wall to his death. When he was 16, Kalief had been sentenced to prison in Rikers Island for stealing a backpack–a crime he did not commit–and was charged with a “violent felony” [i]. Despite a lack of evidence, Kalief was shipped to Rikers on a bus and endured torture, starvation, and abuse at the hands of guards and inmates. He did not receive trial until three years later.
The Sixth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution states: “In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial” [ii]. Forty-four states have enacted their own version of a speedy trial statute or a court rule in addition to this constitutional right; New York is one of them. In 1972, New York passed its own version of the speedy trial statute: CPL (Criminal Procedural Law) §30.30, also known as the “Ready Rule,” which requires the prosecution to be “ready for trial” within an applicable time period.
The shocking case of Kalief Browder ushered in a sweeping effort to reform CPL §30.30. How many defendants like Kalief had spent months or even years waiting in maximum-security jails for trial only to be proven innocent? Yet, as politicians and legislators drafted bills and called for administrative overhaul, Kalief’s legacy dims while the structural, discriminatory implications of New York’s “speedy trial” statute live on.
Since CPL §30.30 was established, prosecutions have been quick to exploit the statute so that felony defendants often have to wait up to three years in jail for a day in court. As the Ready Rule merely requires the prosecution to be “ready for trial”, prosecutors will state that they are “ready” within the timeframe, a condition that does not actually necessitate going to trial; prosecutions can thus delay trial without ever actually violating CPL §30.30. Moreover, the failure to clearly define what constitutes “trial readiness”, as well as how the “speedy trial” time is determined from the time of the prosecution’s declaration of trial readiness rather than from the emergence of the defendant’s case, allow for further manipulation and delay. Thomas O’Brien of the New York Law Journal suggests, “the dismal reality is that, under the “ready rule” of CPL §30.30, delays in the prosecution of criminal cases are far worse than was the situation when it was enacted in 1972” [iii].
On top of its flawed provisions, the Ready Rule is also often employed selectively and is discriminatory against certain neighborhoods and minorities in New York City. According to a lawsuit filed by a group of Bronx defense attorneys in 2016, 2,378 misdemeanor cases had been pending for more than a year and 538 for more than two years in the Bronx. Defendants must wait an average of 642 days for a non-jury trial and 827 days for a jury trial. Each week, 800 new cases come into court and less than two, on average, get trial [iv].
Comparatively, defendants facing trial in Manhattan faced a relatively short wait. It is no coincidence that the Bronx is demographically more diverse, with 43.7% of its 1.5 million population being African-American and 56% Hispanic or Latino [v]. With NYPD’s history of racist policing, including the stringent enforcement of “Broken Windows” policing in the 80s and continued stop and frisk policies, it comes as no surprise that the constitutional guarantee of a “fair and speedy trial” is being denied to African-American and Hispanic communities. In fact, it is just another example of how systemic racism continues to be perpetrated by mass policing and incarceration: black and brown men and women cannot succeed when they are stuck in purgatory for years awaiting trial.
Despite the Ready Rule’s glaring issues and due to the nature of partisan and state politics, both legislators and the New York State government are slow to make the necessary reforms to prevent another victim like Kalief from slipping into the cracks of a flawed justice system.
Former State Senator Daniel Squadron first proposed an amendment to CPL §30.30 in the form of Kalief’s Law, which would reduce delays in prosecutorial readiness by requiring the prosecution to provide evidence that they are ready when declaring trial readiness, as well as requiring the court to approve exclusions when the prosecution states that they are “unready” after previously stating otherwise [vi]. Since then, the bill has been continually passed between House committees for overview and, though passed in the Democratic-majority Assembly (the equivalent of a House of Representatives for New York State), it has not passed in the Republican-majority Senate.
Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals Jonathan Lippmann also announced administrative reforms intended to reduce the number of pretrial detainees after Kalief was released, but failed to gain support in the state assembly for two years [vii]. In addition, while New York has spearheaded a supervised release program in which a small number of approved defendants are released pretrial, it has simultaneously enforced strict eligibility requirements based on the nature of the crimes charged, the risk of failure, previous criminal history, failure to appear, and ties to the local community [vii].
Not only do these requirements apply to a very selective group–Kalief Browder himself would not have qualified–but they also discriminate against the very communities such programs were designed to serve. African-American and Hispanic-American communities like the Bronx have much higher instances of existing previous criminal histories amongst its population due to systemic racism, discrimination, and police brutality. How can we speak of reforming the speedy trial statute when teenagers like Kalief are being charged with felonies they did not commit? In order to tackle such issues, we must see the Kalief’s tragic case as an important manifestation of the institutional racism that exists within New York’s criminal justice system. Kalief was black, and because he was black, the criminal justice system failed him.
[ii] “Sixth Amendment,” Legal Information Institute. Cornell Law School, n.d. Web. 20 October 2017, https://www.law.cornell.edu/constitution/sixth_amendment
[iv] Tanzina Vega, “Court delays in the Bronx have defendants waiting years, suit claims,” CNN Money. Cable News Network, 10 May, 2016. Web. 20 October 2017, http://money.cnn.com/2016/05/10/news/bronx-court-lawsuit/index.html
[v] “Quick Facts: Bronx County, New York,” United States Census Bureau. U.S. Department of Commerce, n.d. Web. 20 October 2017, https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/bronxcountybronxboroughnewyork/AGE275210#qf-headnote-a
[vi] “Kalief’s Law,” New York State Senate. New York Senate, n.d. Web. 20 October 2017, https://www.nysenate.gov/issues/kaliefs-law
We are accepting all new submissions on the new website. This website will no longer be updated. Thank you.
Secondary Newcomer Programs Are Invited to Share Their Data - Learning the Language - Education Week
Staff writer Corey Mitchell covers English-language learners, bilingual education and civil rights issues for Education Week. Join him as he explores the educational, policy, and social issues surrounding ELLs in U.S. schools.
The Center for Applied Linguistics has published a database that includes descriptions of more than 60 programs for English-language learners who are newcomers to the country at the middle or high school level. The programs listed educate immigrant and refugee students in 23 different states.
If you're involved with a secondary newcomer program, which typically serves ELLs for a short stint upon arrival in the United States, it's not too late to have your program described in the database. Click here to complete the survey. If you prefer to fill out a paper version of the survey, send an e-mail requesting one to Beverly Boyson at [email protected]
The Center for Applied Linguistics collected the data as part of a research study of newcomer programs operating during the 2008-09 school year funded by the Carnegie Corporation of New York. I've blogged previously about preliminary data. The center plans to publish a summary of the study on its Web site next month.
Notice: We recently upgraded our comments. (Learn more here.) If you are logged in as a subscriber or registered user and already have a Display Name on edweek.org, you can post comments. If you do not already have a Display Name, please create one here.
We encourage lively debate, but please be respectful of others. Profanity and personal attacks are prohibited. By commenting, you are agreeing to abide by our user agreement.
Select your primary connection to education District Superintendent, Deputy/Asst. Superintendent District Leadership - Technology District Leadership - Curriculum, Instruction, Assessment, PD District Leadership - Business, Communications, HR District Personnel - Other (Admin., Specialist, etc.) School-based Leadership (Principal, Asst. Principal) Teacher - Early Childhood/Elementary Teacher - Middle School Teacher - High School School-based Technology Coordinator School-based Personnel - Other (Admin., Specialist, etc.) Library Personnel/Media Specialist University or College Faculty/Administration Federal Government Personnel State Government Personnel Education Product/Service Provider (including Consultants) Investment Community Association/Advocacy Organization Philanthropy Education Research/Analysis Media Education Services Agency School Board Member Student Parent/Community Member
Select a Month... September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007
During the Culture Monster-hosted “Is L.A. a theater town?” conversation on June 14 (see live-blog here), playwright Beth Henley and producer Marc Platt talked about a recent play of Henley’s directed by a “Hollywood director.”
Since they were clearly indicating that the situation was not a positive one, they refrained from naming names.
Anyone remember Family Week, directed by Jonathan Demme (Philadelphia, Silence of the Lambs)? —Lou Harry
Our digital alter ego shows a part of us, but could it be someone different that it appears to us as a stranger? The Digital Me experiment, shown on the BBC, plays with this idea: you can talk to it and try for yourself.
The dialogue with this being is created from your own Facebook and Twitter profiles. The information used during the session is not shared publicly. It’s a private chat with a digital entity created from and based on the trace we leave on social media.
The proposal is an idea of Sandra Gaudenzi, a specialist in interactive documentaries. It has been developed by Mike Robbins, of the Helios Design Lab, an agency which has designed and programmed well-known interactive projects, such as...
Martin L. Hoffman’s book, Empathy, Justice, and the Law, addresses the fragile relationship between empathy and the law, weighing the value of its contribution to the court with the potential biases and fickle nature of the human emotion. Embedded throughout, Hoffman asserts that empathy is a quintessential attribute of law and human interaction with society, positively advancing reform towards higher moral standards and Constitutional justice. Beginning clinically, he demonstrates that empathic distress has historically prompted a helpful response as was the case with some Nazi soldiers when they empathized with the treatment of Jewish prisoners. He continues the discussion with neuroscience, showing that empathy is not just a suspended wash of emotions, rather is linked to a cause and effect path within the mind which often triggers the call for justice. Empathic responses are thus an imperative tie between the people and their laws enforced by the justice system. Advancing to historical examples, Hoffman sites Justice Harlan as the lone dissenter in the Plessy V. Ferguson case which segregated schools. His analysis proves that perhaps the rational decision was to ease tensions by providing separate but equal schooling to colored children, whereas the moral and empathic decision was to protect colored children from degradation. It was empathy for the abuse being suffered by colored children which prompted the ruling to be overturned in Brown V. Board of Education in 1954. Finally, Hoffman concedes that empathy can be damaging as it holds biases towards the group one identifies with, and can foster hostility towards the others. It can lead to incorrect verdicts in the face of salience bias. Victim blaming often occurs as a result of empathy, if one connects more with the perpetrator than the true victim, as was the case of the British nanny in 1997. Within Hoffman’s essay, his careful use of the term “empathy” frames his narrative to reinforce the central theme of action inducing emotion.
Affective empathy is defined early in the chapter as feeling what another feels rather than cognitive empathy which is merely the “awareness of another’s feelings” (Hoffman 230). This discernment is crucial to the thesis of the paper because “empathy’s importance for law is based on its presumed motivational properties” (Hoffman 231). Thus, Hoffman’s central argument is built upon the foundation of action, which is more likely to occur under the influence of affective empathy rather than cognitive empathy (which are often used synonymously). Under the assumption of Hobbesian philosophy which asserts that humans are inherently selfish in their actions in order to ensure their own survival, the only way to ensure affirmative action from an individual is to personalize a plight. This is where the distinction between the two types of empathy is pivotal, because simply being aware of another person’s feelings would very rarely incite a constructive response.
The initial point, what is the question of the article and the author’s stance on it, started out very well, but it was a little unclear when reading this what his stance really was. After I reread it, I could tell where you stated his argument, but the first time around, it wasn’t as distinct. You did a fantastic job summarizing all of the main points that Hoffman hit on in the essay, with details and evidence for each, to give the reader of your summary an excellent idea of what the article discusses without actually reading the article itself. I think you could’ve connected them back to his main point more at the end of your first paragraph; you focused more on the “how” of his argument rather than the “why”. You need more of a connection to explain how the Nazi soldiers, neuroscience, court cases, and victim blaming all defend your interpretation of Hoffman’s argument that empathy is a valuable emotion to utilize in the “reform towards higher moral standards and Constitutional justice”. I think an extra couple of sentences at the end would have tied it all back together. That being said, your justification for the thesis and your choice of summary points were effective and wise, but they just lacked the connection to the argument that would have made it all come together.
I agree with your interpretation of Hoffman’s article and his stance on empathy. I also believe that he was focusing more exclusively on the positive aspects of empathy in law and how it can make people more morally sound. You nailed the question he was trying to answer in his writing, and your statement of his argument was spot-on. You just needed to connect your examples to this main point and your summary would’ve been incredible.
Some talented actors find great fame and fortune; others, if they’re lucky, find something else: respect, a rich variety of roles, and a lifetime of steady work. The latter was true for James Rebhorn, one of those actors whose name you might not have recognized, but whose face and voice would have rung many bells. Rebhorn died this past weekend at the age of 65, leaving behind a moving self-penned obituary (do read it, it’s clear evidence that he was a wonderful guy) and a remarkable body of work, including the following:
Recurring roles on the TV series “Homeland” (as Clare Danes’ father, Frank Mathison), “White Collar,” “Enlightened,” “Big Lake,” “Law & Order,” “Third Watch” and more.
Memorable bit roles on shows like “30 Rock” (he was Liz Lemon’s beleaguered oral surgeon; who gave Liz a special pamphlet explaining when she could eat cheese again) and “Seinfeld” (the district attorney on the show’s finale).
A busy stage career, including numerous dramatic roles on Broadway and with the Roundabout Theater Company
A long string of movie roles, beginning in the 1970s, in which he often played a doctor (“Silkwood,” “Regarding Henry,” “Basic Instinct,” “Meet the Parents,” “Far from Heaven,” “Cold Mountain,” and “A Little Help”) — perhaps because his tall, thin frame looked good in a white coat and his patrician voice sounded authoritative. So often, he seemed to bring a wealth of untold story to a small role; such as that of Dickie Greenleaf’s father in “The Talented Mr. Ripley” (we knew little of Mr. Greenleaf, but Rebhorn implied a complex and interesting life behind the man) , “The Game,” “Scent of a Woman,” “Independence Day,” “Up Close & Personal,” “Lorenzo’s Oil,” and many more.
“He was a lucky man in every way,” is the closing sentence of Rebhorn’s obituary (signed “Jim Rebhorn); a marvelous exit line to a fine career.
Whoa Nellie… I keep saying I’m going to slow things down, that time taken out of the hurly-burly for reflection can only improve my performance… but I seem incapable of extricating myself from the day-to-day.
* Speaking of which, have you seen Heavy Metal Parking Lot? (You need a strong stomach — there’s a severe content warning on this baby.)
I’d also like to share what it’s like to compress two hours of content into five minutes, and to be gonged off the stage while delivering a conference keynote. And I’m still working on the Waterworld of conference weblog postings — a tale of depravity, epiphany, deep fried food and fast online living which in its current draft has everything in it but narrative and a point.
Oh, how I’d like to take a couple hours to explore and deplore all of this… but I am on tap to present a webcast tomorrow which requires me to wedge my materials into (UUGGGHHHH) the dreaded PowerPoint format. The technical status of our weblog hosting environment might charitably be described as a mess, just as requests for new accounts are suddenly going through the roof. Still catching up on the email I neglected last week while traveling, and it just keeps on coming in. And I’ve been pulled into two meetings today for reasons I do not begin to understand, but which I am apparently in no position to refuse.
None of it tragic, much of it most cool. But it does bring to mind Chinese curses about living in interesting times.
I am a Strategist and Discoordinator with UBC's Centre for Teaching, Learning and Technology. My main blogging space is Abject Learning, and I sporadically update a short bio with publications and presentations over there as well...
You’re writing because that way you can avoid the other stuff, and you know we like to share your pain 😉
A narrative and a point? Trivial matters. Life piled on life were all too little, and of one life to me little remains. Carpe Waterworld.
I blog less often here than I used to... This is exclusively UBC-related stuff now. For other items, you are welcome to drop by abject.ca
Hi I am Karen Vega, and am responsible for oversight and monitoring for the Development Marketplace project portfolio. I am on mission visiting projects in Tanzania, Kenya and Burkina Faso. I am currently in Kenya visiting the Pro-biotic Yogurt project implemented by The Ministry of Health of Kenya in partnership with its research institute KEMRI and the University of Western Ontario.
The objective of this project is to establish a sustainable grass-roots food based development initiative for the purpose of improving the health and nutrition levels among vulnerable social groups in Oyugis-Rachuonyo district. The innovative character of the project is connecting the appropriate technology, training and local resources (dairy) to produce a community based intervention program. When pro-biotics are consumed in adequate amounts Canadian and Nigerian studies have shown pro-biotics to be effective in treating uro-genital infections and diarrheal disease including people living with HIV/AIDS!
The idea became a reality in 2007 when the University of Western Ontario, in partnership with the Kenya’s Ministry of Health was awarded a grant from Development Marketplace. This project was also based on a similar idea held in Tanzania by the ‘Yogurt Mamas [1]’. Harvard Business Review has featured this group as one of their case studies [1]. In Kenya, the project has recently finished activities under the grant so I am here to follow up and see what kind of impact they’ve made on the ground.
The project site is situated 80 kilometers from Kisumu, the 3rd biggest city in Kenya. I met with the project staff at JIKO LA JAM II DAIRIES. Dr Odawa, our contact from KEMRI took me out to see how the project was operating and to have the opportunity to meet with project beneficiaries.
While out in the village, I met with Mary a mother of 5 children, Jennifer a mother of 6 and Leonora a mother of 4. What do these ladies have in common? They run a business producing yogurt, which has helped them earn income while marketing the product and educating consumers on the benefits of pro-biotic yogurt in their localities.
Mary told me, “with the money I earn I can buy different food from the one I cultivate in my garden.” This allows for Mary to diversify her diet and increase the overall nutrition and health of her family. “I can also buy soap and lend to people who do not have anything”.” My life before the yogurt business was selling fruit on the market, now I can employ people to sell the fruits for me while I work making yogurt. In addition to the ladies comments, Dr Odawa, adds that some of the ladies that are HIV positive have also improved their nutrition by consuming the yogurt.
The key element in the yogurt is a type of lactobacillus. Dr. Issac Luginaah, Assistant Professor from the University of Western Ontario mentions that pro-biotic yogurt potentially boosts immunity in patients with HIV/AIDS helping alleviate complications and improve quality of life. These specific benefits were essential to the areas where the yogurt was being produced and sold. Studies about the health benefits of pro-biotic food from the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and the World Health Organization (WHO) are available clicking here [2].
The Oyugis-Rachuonyo district has 72% poverty level, which contributes to the spread of HIV. It is estimated that over 50% of people living with HIV aids and more than 45% children suffer from diarrheal disease and about 30% suffer from bacterial vaginosis.
Malnutrition is also a problem in Kenya. Up to 76% of the children under five are anemic or deficient in vitamin A and zinc. Preliminary results indicate that the control group had an increase in weight by about 2 kilos and there were 17.7% less cases of diarrhea by the end of the project study. People also suffering from uro-genital infections reported a decreased incidence of bacterial vaginosis.
On the capacity building side: there are around 47 “yogurt mamas” trained in yogurt production. Women earn an average of 4 dollars a day from the sale of pro-biotic yogurt. The community kitchen that was built started earning approximately U$15 a day for about 5 months after which it increased to make $67.7 a day and in the next month $84.4.
Talking with the project coordinator in the field, Roy from JIKO LA JAMMI DAIRIES , he mentioned that if they were to replicate in Kadogo, they would make sure that they own part of the supply chain and produce their own milk. Right now they are not reliant on KEMRI who buys milk from other districts if it is in short supply locally.
The project is a proof of how an idea turns into action. In this particular case, the recognition of the links between nutrition, HIV/AIDS and the interaction between economic empowerment and health have been very well linked. Women with little or no formal education are trained in probiotic yogurt production, business management and organizational capacity.
As a direct result of the training, women are now completing a clinical trial to assess the impact of pro-biotic yogurt on health and quality of life. They are also establishing trans-boundary linkages to transfer lessons from Kenya to Tanzania.
I expect that the kitchens can continue their work and can expand to other sites. But there is still room for further training to strengthen the capacity for financial management, bookkeeping and stock management of raw materials and product outputs.
Selling has started to get the attention of more local consumers in addition to people living with HIV/AIDS who receive it gratis. At the end of the journey I couldn’t walk away without trying a delicious glass of ‘Fiti’ pro-biotic yogurt. It was very good! Kudos to the “Yogurt Mamas.”
The following article appeared in Left Business Observer #107, April 2004. It retains its copyright and may not be reprinted or redistributed in any form - print, electronic, facsimile, anything - without the permission of LBO.
Twice before, in 1996 and again in 2000, this mighty page endorsed Ralph Nader for president. Not this time. Nader risks inheriting the mantle of Harold Stassen, though he's probably too old to match Stassen's record of nine failed presidential campaigns.
The previous endorsements came with heavy reservations that are worth recalling here. Nader has a long history of operating alone, scornful of coalitions, a characteristic visible in his on-again, off-again relations with the Green Party. He's got a deep conservative streak. Skeptical of public agencies, he prefers litigation to regulation, which amounts to an individualist adversarial approach rather than collective political action. One of his first published articles was a 1962 piece in a libertarian journal, The Freeman, supporting the residents of his hometown in their resistance against federally funded public housing. In the 1970s, his Raiders often included unions among the monopolists that benefited from transport regulation, providing intellectual fuel for the deregulation movement. In the 1980s, he resisted unionization attempts in his own shop, redbaiting one of the organizers in the process. In the 2000 campaign, he wooed David Brooks, then of The Weekly Standard, naming the many rightwingers he's worked well with in the past, among them such creeps as Bill Bennett, Paul Weyrich, Gary Bauer, and Grover Norquist, and still talks dreamily of drawing votes from the right. He shares the austere morality of Bennett and Co.; he seems to lack a libido, and hold in contempt those who like theirs and consider them politically important. His dislike of trade flirts with xenophobia; his people have discreetly worked with Pat Buchanan, though they don't like to talk about that. And he still talks delusionally about peeling off votes from the Republicans by appealing to "true" conservatives, who are distressed by Bush's alleged impurities; in a letter to disgruntled reactionaries, he actually praises the Texas GOP, one of the more frightening political formations in the hemisphere.
Good intentions. Of course, he says lots of good things about corporate power and the corruption of politics by money. But is it enough to say good things? It often seems as if American leftists think that all you need to do is get the right candidate with the right message and things will more or less take care of themselves. For example, one Nader enthusiast we know pointed to his promise to repeal the Taft-Hartley Act, a dreadful piece of legislation that hobbles organized labor. Fine - but if by some unimaginable fluke, Ralph were to get elected, how would he persuade Congress, the owning class, and the media to play along? What organization could he count on for support in what could be a fight to the death?
One of the major rationales for voting for Nader four and eight years ago was that it looked like a good way to build the Green Party. But even then he distanced himself from the party during the campaigns and did nothing to promote it in years not divisible by four - and now he's rejected their nomination.
Building a new party (and why limit ourselves to just one?) is the task of lifetimes, not months or years, and isn't a process that can be short-circuited by celebrity presidential runs. It was decades before the Swedish social democrats, for example, achieved national office. But they did more than run for office; they built cooperatives and social clubs, worked with unions, and made tactical alliances with existing parties, things that few of our independent politicians have showed much interest in doing. And Sweden is a parliamentary system, which makes it relatively easy for small parties to enter government. The U.S. federal system, with its winner-take-all elections and checking and balancing among the levels and branches of government, was consciously designed to keep politics from becoming too radical. With all those structural obstacles in the way, voting for Nader is an empty gesture that may make the voter feel virtuous and pure, but which will have little good long-term effect except maybe to re-elect Bush.
Burying the lead. Readers who've made it this far might suspect that the previous 650 words were attempts at self-justification for what follows-an embrace of the very lesser-evilism that this newsletter denounced in its rude younger days. But there seems little alternative at the moment; the best we can do is hope for a Kerry victory, and that disillusionment will rapidly set in.
After 1,200 days of the George W. Bush presidency, it's difficult to say there's not a dime's worth of difference between the two parties. Sure there are plenty of similarities-deep agreement on the beauties of capitalism and the rightness of U.S. power in the world. But, as Noam Chomsky puts it, to the distress of many of his fans, given the magnitude of U.S. power, "small differences can translate into large outcomes." That's probably truer of domestic than foreign policy. We're more likely to see the privatization of Social Security and Medicare under a second Bush administration, more likely to see the public schools further privatized, more likely to see troglodytes appointed to the NLRB or the federal courts, more attacks on civil liberties, andad nauseam. Abroad, a Kerry administration is likely to be marginally less aggressive, less likely to talk of pre-emptive war or the right to use nuclear weapons, and more likely to be respectful of international institutions (such as they are).
There are also intangibles, like a better discursive and organizing environment. It's better for radicals when politics is about the guys in power not doing enough than when it's about defending the social gains of the 20th century. No matter how conservative a Democratic administration would like to be, it still has to respond to some of the party's core constituencies-like environmentalists, African-Americans, feminists, and civil libertarians, a sharp contrast with creationists and oilmen. Life is better when the air isn't filled with stupidity, arrogance, anti-intellectualism, and covert or overt appeals to bigotry coming from the top. It's good when the president isn't an ignoramus who thinks he's on a divine appointment and the attorney general doesn't hold prayer meetings and assemble anti-porn strike forces.
Bush, subverter? There is the paradox that Bush has done more to undermine the legitimacy of U.S. dominance of the global system than anyone who's occupied the office. The Pentagon is the ultimate guarantor of American power, but the empire can't operate mainly by force; subordinate countries have to feel they're getting something out of the deal. Those who profit the most out of the deal, Canada and the richer countries of Asia and Europe, get a stable global economic and political environment without having to spend much on arms or getting deeply involved in the dirty work of empire maintenance. Poorer countries get a rawer deal, but they're in a weak bargaining position. But it's best if the global hierarchy operates at the level of things we don't talk about. By pushing American dominance so hard, Bush has undermined the bargain. The U.S. is now more hated than it's been in decades, maybe ever.
Kerry would probably work to repair this. A Democratic administration would also police more vigilantly the departures from neoliberalism discussed in the last issue, like Argentina's admirable stiffing of its private bondholders. It'd be a return to empire as usual, which on balance would be a refreshing thing. The U.S. has never been known for a "decent respect to the opinions of mankind," but the administration has carried the rudeness to appalling levels.
Presumably the chaophilic wing of anarchism could want more rudeness and further discrediting of the U.S. But it's probably better if the hierarchy is overturned from below rather than undone by a bunch of heavily armed fanatics at the top. And several billion people around the world probably agree.
Disappointment, please. No less serious a radical than Tariq Ali has said that "the defeat of Bush would be viewed globally as a victory." He's also denied that by saying so he's urging anyone to vote for Kerry, though it's hard to see how anyone else could defeat Bush. Ali's squeamishness is understandable; for this newsletter, which has from the beginning viewed the Democratic Party as an obstacle to human progress, this is a difficult endorsement to make. Making it easier is the knowledge that were Kerry to win, he'd become the enemy on November 3.
He is also likely to be disappointing in many ways (disappointing to already low expectations), which is a comfort. He's already made a healthy downpayment on that disappointment, and the campaign has hardly begun. He proposed a corporate tax reform that was the triumph of wonkishness over any discernible political or economic strategy-"revenue-neutral," of course, but defying any interesting paraphrase. And, more repulsively, he endorsed Bush's endorsement of Ariel Sharon's "peace" plan-assassinations, wall-building, and making most settlements in the Occupied Territories permanent. Awful stuff, and it's only April. Come November, it's going to require a giant clothespin to enter a polling booth.
LBO has quoted several times Garry Wills' explanation of why the 1960s exploded: after years of liberals' saying things would improve when Ike was replaced, when things didn't get much better under JFK, a lot of people decided the System was the problem, not party or personnel. Some similar disillusionment with Clinton probably helped spark Seattle. It could happen again. Let's hope it does.
The following article appeared in Left Business Observer #91, August 1999. It retains its copyright and may not be reprinted or redistributed in any form - print, electronic, facsimile, anything - without the permission of LBO.
Last November, LBO reported that a group of mostly-teenage McDonald's workers in Squamish, British Columbia, had voted to join the Canadian Auto Workers, despite barely legal union-busting tactics as recognizably McDonald's as the Golden Arches. Throughout contract negotiations this year, McDonald's lawyers have challenged the CAW on every legal technicality they could invent -- including the legality of a strike vote and a bizarre interpretation of Canadian child labor laws. Says CAW organizer Roger Crowther, "They won nothing but that's not the object of the game. The point is to wear down the union."
And wear it down they did. Having stalled negotiations for months, McDonald's began a decertification campaign in June. On July 2 -- by which point less than half of the original shop members were still working there -- a majority of employees voted to disband the union. It was the closest any Canadian McDonald's workers have come to a collective agreement -- there have been a few attempts in both Canada and the U.S., but they've all been squashed much earlier in the process -- and, given the initial promise, it's a dispiriting outcome.
In Squamish, McDonald's faced a rare set of adversaries: a union local with a demonstrated gift for organizing the fast-food sector, and the British Columbian labor code, which is union-friendly even by Canadian standards. McDonald's relentless determination and limitless resources were able to frustrate the organizers even in that environment. But the ordeal in Squamish is only one of many recent attempts to drag the burger giant to the bargaining table -- some of which have taken place in startlingly unexpected places.
In some of those places, resistance to unions takes harsher forms than PR and litigation. According to Gerard Greenfield, an organizer with the Indonesian branch of the Geneva-based International Union of Food, Agricultural, Hotel, Restaurant, Catering, Tobacco and Allied Workers' Associations (IUF), acts of military violence and intimidation against Indonesian workers occur almost every week. Even pamphlets on union organizing can provoke military intervention. But against this horrific backdrop, there has been some organizing activity among McDonald's workers. In July 1998, 160 workers at Indonesia's largest McDonald's outlet, in a shopping mall in Surabaya, East Java, held a two-day strike. They were protesting their working conditions (among the worst in the nation, according to Greenfield), their wages (below the legal minimum, which is the U.S. equivalent of 57cents an hour), and the planned layoff of sixty workers. In addition to written employment contracts, a wage increase, and an end to arbitrary dismissals, the Surabaya workers demanded the right to unionize.
On paper, Indonesian workers actually do have the right to esablish unions; soon after coming to power, the Habibie government ratified ILO Convention 98, which guarantees the right to collective bargaining. But given the military's homicidal hostility to labor, that doesn't mean much -- and, besides, since the U.S. has never ratified that convention, American companies have little incentive to comply with it. Also, the ILO in Jakarta is weak and corrupt. As Greenfield points out, it fails to recognize many plant-level unions that are not connected to a federation -- or to the horrible government-sponsored union SPSI; ILO officials probably would have seen the Surabaya union as illegitimate because it wasn't registered with the Labour Department.
On the second day of the Surabaya strike, workers declared a union and elected leaders. But management refused to negotiate, harassing employees and threatening to fire them for joining the union. When support for the union deteriorated, all of its elected leaders were fired. More than 50 workers quit the restaurant in protest, but those who stayed on were forced to sign letters agreeing not to hold any more demonstrations or to attempt to form a union.
In August, the IUF, which has helped to coordinate McDonald's unionization efforts in numerous countries, plans to launch a national campaign informing workers about the illegality of such agreements, which are common among U.S.-based fast-food companies in Indonesia like A&W, Wendy's, Dunkin Donuts and KFC. Despite the toothlessness of the ILO Conventions, Greenfield believes they can be used to raise workers' awareness about their rights. To avoid military interference, IUF organizers plan to avoid demonstrations or pamphleting. They'll meet with workers in small study groups, working closely with labor organizations all over the country, as well as the fired union leaders in Surabaya, who now run a small street food stall. "McDonald's continues to expand even while other fast-food restaurants are shutting down," says Greeenfield, "and it's a growing workforce of young workers in Indonesia, like in most countries, so we have to get them organized."
Efforts in Russia have been even more serious. Communist worship of the Golden Arches has long been a stimulus to Western joy, so when workers in a McDonald's' factory just outside Moscow joined the Russian Commerce and Catering Workers' Union last November, it wasn't just a marker of economic desperation, but also quite the semiotic fuck-you. Since the ruble's disastrous plunge the previous August, McDonald's had been laying off workers and letting their real wages devalue by more than half (before the crisis, the average wage was roughly $200 a month). Post-devaluation, most of the plant's employees would have to work for two hours to earn enough to buy a Big Mac, which in Moscow costs about $1.46, compared with an hour before the ruble's collapse. As Natalia Gracheva, a systems controller who had been working for McDonald's for nine years, told Toronto's Globe and Mail, it was a "revolutionary situation. As Lenin said, the smell of revolution was in the air."
About half of the plant's 400 workers signed union cards; under Russian labor law, a company has to recognize a union even if only three people sign up. McDonald's harassed the pro-union employees mercilessly: cutting off their work phones so they couldn't talk to each other, depriving them of bonuses routinely granted to other workers, and punishing them for the smallest infractions (one worker was disciplined for returning from a bathroom break one minute late). Gracheva, the union leader, was denied part of her salary. While Russia's climate does make it difficult to fire workers simply for union membership, the company has been quick to find other reasons to fire union leaders; one union member, fired for being a drunk, a charge he denies, is suing the company for illegal dismissal. In January, the Moscow city government ordered McDonald's to recognize the union.
"After that, they formally recognized the union, but not in practice," Kirill Buketov, coordinator of the Moscow branch of the IUF, who has been helping the McDonald's workers, told LBO. "They're still hassling the workers." McDonald's has barred union members from talking to each other during the workday, and cut union members' work week in half (down to twenty hours). In February, the union members submitted a contract to McDonald's, but the company never responded. In May, the city intervened again, ordering McDonald's to negotiate a collective agreement with the union, but so far the company hasn't budged. Barely a dozen of the original pro-union employees remain at the plant. Says Buketov, "This is against all the laws. As long as union members aren't trying to throw a bomb, no one has the right to obstruct its actions." But labor laws in Russia, as in Indonesia, aren't enforced. Russia's unions are even weaker than its government, and public opinion is practically irrelevant in a country where most people can't afford fries.
McDonald's unions fare better in regions with fewer poor people. In regions populated by desperately impoverished potential workers (like Russia, Indonesia, and parts of the United States) replacing agitators is no problem, as Katherine S. Newman observes in No Shame in My Game, her study of burger flippers in Harlem. It doesn't take very long to train people, so continuously replacing agitators is always cheaper than negotiating with a union.
In Europe, things aren't quite as dismal. In Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Iceland, all McDonald's employees work under a collective agreement, as do considerable numbers in Germany, France, Finland, Ireland, The Netherlands, and Austria. In Belgium, the United Kingdom, Spain, and Italy a handful (1% or less) of McDonald's workers are unionized, estimates the IUF's Patrick Dalban-Moreynas. With few exceptions, union victories over McDonald's have been won by well-coordinated strikes and boycotts, militant protests, lengthy legal battles or extensive worker education campaigns.
Some of the strongest current campaigns are national in scope. Last fall in Germany, where about 4% of McDonald's employees belong to a union, members of the Food and Allied Workers' Union (NGG) staged protests in over fifty cities, for a week. The actions were part of a campaign to publicize McDonald's' systematic harassment of its union shop, or "works council" members, as well as the company's more creative union-busting tactics. (Pro-union workers in Germany are frequently bribed to quit their jobs, sometimes to the tune of 100,000 DM, or $65,000.) The union has been staging these annual actions since 1996, and each year the protests swell its ranks slightly; this year's is being held as this issue of LBO goes to press.
In Finland, the whole restaurant sector (including non-unionized workers) works under a collective agreement, but a decade ago, the union (Hotel and Restaurant Workers' Union) had to organize a national boycott of McDonald's to get the chain to comply. Since then, the union has continued to recruit McDonald's workers, and now about 6% of Finnish McDonald's employees are union members. [One of their recruiting pamphlets is reproduced nearby.] The union recently negotiated a startling concession from McDonald's; two shop stewards (one representing Helsinki, another the rest of the country) would be allowed to work on union business on McDonald's time.
Many unions avoid McDonald's, or are quickly discouraged by it, because, as Dalban-Moreynas of the IUF says, "They get little return on their investment. [Organizing McDonald's] is very time and money-intensive, and many just decide it's not worth it."
There's no doubt that McDonald's is an implacably antiunion company, and responds to eruptions of union fever in consistent ways. But since unionizing efforts clearly fare better in some countries than others, it's reasonable to ask what makes the difference.
Dalban-Moreynas says there is no single explanation. Better labor laws and enforcement mechanisms do help: most of the countries where McDonald's organizing has succeeded have friendlier labor laws than the United States -- less time for elections, stricter rein on employers' union-busting tactics, etc. But labor codes don't explain everything: even where the laws favor labor, as in British Columbia, McDonald's has enough money to litigate unions to death. And McDonald's has no qualms about breaking laws, as the Indonesian and Russian experiences amply demonstrate.
Also, some of the most devastating union-busting strategies are hard to prove; firing pro-union workers is a good example. Even in the U.S., the law frowns upon this practice, but it happens so often that in a 1994 Commerce Department study, three-fourths of nonunion workers said that if you seek union representation, you're likely to lose your job. They're not wrong; according to analyses of NLRB data by Cornell researcher Kate Bronfenbrenner, a third of companies have illegally fired union supporters during elections. An employer can easily find reasons to fire people who are poor, lacking education, and young, as the McDonald's workforce tends to be; things that used to be tolerated, like lateness, can suddenly become grounds for dismissal in a union drive. And many young workers don't even realize that firing people for union activity is illegal.
A further measure of the limits of legalistic explanations is the experience of Nordic countries, all of which have essentially the same labor laws, according to Dalban-Moreynas. But Swedish unions have always had a harmonious relationship with McDonald's, while Norwegian and Danish unions have had to strike and boycott to get the company to honor legally-mandated union rights. Of the three countries, Dalban-Moreynas says, Sweden has the stronger national labor movement; it may be that movements equipped for serious and coordinated campaigns are even more important than laws. Of course, comparing Norway and Denmark to the United States makes the case for a strong overall labor movement even more dramatically; it's difficult to imagine U.S. unions organizing strikes and boycotts that could pinch hard enough to make a fast-food leviathan say uncle.
Meanwhile, back in Squamish, the CAW's Roger Crowther says, McDonald's has convinced most employees that they don't need a union anymore. Conditions have improved cosmetically; the company has replaced an unpopular manager with someone the workers like better, and employees are getting more hours. "They throw them the odd party here and there," Crowther says darkly. "So happiness has returned to the Golden Arches at Squamish."
Type: All Legislation (excluding draft)All Primary Legislation UK Public General Acts UK Local Acts Acts of the Scottish Parliament Acts of the National Assembly for Wales Measures of the National Assembly for Wales Church Measures Acts of the Northern Ireland Assembly Acts of the Old Scottish Parliament Acts of the English Parliament Acts of the Old Irish Parliament Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain Northern Ireland Orders in Council Measures of the Northern Ireland Assembly Acts of the Northern Ireland ParliamentAll Secondary Legislation UK Statutory Instruments Wales Statutory Instruments Scottish Statutory Instruments Northern Ireland Statutory Rules Church Instruments UK Ministerial Directions UK Ministerial Orders UK Statutory Rules and Orders Northern Ireland Statutory Rules and OrdersAll Draft Legislation UK Draft Statutory Instruments Scottish Draft Statutory Instruments Northern Ireland Draft Statutory RulesAll Impact Assessments UK Impact Assessments
The counts below reflect the number of documents on legislation.gov.uk that match the search for items of this legislation type and are not intended to reflect the total legislation made, enacted or adopted in a particular year.
Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act 1955 1955 c. 20 UK Public General Acts
Rating and Valuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1955 (repealed) 1955 c. 9 UK Public General Acts
7.Section 204 defines the conditions which must apply for HMRC to issue a follower notice to a person.
8.Subsection (2) provides the first condition that there is an open tax enquiry into that person’s return or claim, or the person has made a tax appeal.
9.Subsection (3) provides the second condition that the return or claim subject to the enquiry, or the appeal, is made on the basis that the person obtains a tax advantage from the use of tax arrangements.
10.Subsection (4) provides the third condition that there has been a judicial ruling relevant to the person’s return/claim or appeal.
11.Subsection (5) provides the fourth condition, that no previous follower notice has been given to the person in respect of the same tax arrangements and tax advantage, unless it was withdrawn.
13.Subsection (3) provides that a judicial ruling in another party’s litigation is relevant to a person if the ruling relates to tax arrangements; the principles or reasoning behind the ruling would, if applied to those arrangements, deny the advantage claimed or part of it; and it is a final ruling.
14.Subsection (4) defines a ruling as final if it is made by the Supreme Court or, if made by a lower court or tribunal, no appeal is made against it, permission to appeal is refused or, if an appeal is made, it is abandoned or otherwise disposed of before it was determined.
15.Section 206 provides that a follower notice must identify the judicial ruling on which it is based, explain why HMRC consider it is relevant to the person’s tax arrangements, and set out the consequences of the taxpayer’s action in response to the notice.
Text created by the government department responsible for the subject matter of the Act to explain what the Act sets out to achieve and to make the Act accessible to readers who are not legally qualified. Explanatory Notes were introduced in 1999 and accompany all Public Acts except Appropriation, Consolidated Fund, Finance and Consolidation Acts.
The appeal of the B2 lies in its outstanding reliability and uncomplicated design. Enjoy straightforward refreshment with no fuss.
The Manly Steel Mill is a feng shui site in New Mexico owned and operated by the Manly Corporation. Its executive director is Ed Masterson, the mentor of Brick Manly.
In a previous timeline, the Manly Steel Mill was the Conroy Steel Mill, owned by the Conroy Corporation, until Conroy sold it to Ugly Shing.
Brick Manly and the Dragons travelled to the Past Juncture where they helped Brick’s ancestor Stanley Manly retain control over his iron mine and his invention of a new method of processing iron into steel. As a result, the Manly family became successful through the years and the Steel Mill had now been owned by the Manly Corporation, which never sold it to Ugly Shing in the first place.
As the CEO of her eponymous company, Tory Burch has created an American lifestyle brand known for color, print and eclectic details that includes ready-to-wear, shoes, handbags, accessories and beauty.
But social responsibility has always been an integral part of her now-global business, covering more than 100 freestanding boutiques.
Tory herself has also won several awards, including the CFDA for Accessory Designer of the Year; Accessory Brand Launch of the Year from Accessories Council of Excellence; and Rising Star award from Fashion Group International. Tory was also named one of Forbes’ Most Powerful Women in the World.
With no traditional training in fashion, Consuelo Castiglioni broke the mold with her creation of fashion label Marni in 1994.
Known for its quirky, feminine combinations of bright colors, bold graphic patterns and elaborate fantasy prints, the offbeat-yet-elegant aesthetic of the family-founded line has enjoyed rising prominence over the years.
Today, the brand exceeds $100 million in sales per year, and Castiglioni has been named one of the 100 most creative people in business.
Herrera presented her first collection of women’s ready-to-wear at New York’s Metropolitan Club in 1981, becoming an almost instant success in the fashion world.
Shortly thereafter, Carolina Herrera New York was born, and the haute couturier aligned her name synonymously with the city and all things luxury. Over the three decades that followed, Herrera would establish a globally recognized style known for its consistent aesthetic of effortless elegance and modern refinement.
Today, Herrera has been named everything from “Fashion’s First Lady” to CDDA’s “Designer of the Year.” She has also received The Geoffrey Beene Lifetime Achievement Award, Fashion Group International’s Superstar award, and Nat King Cole Award for her charitable works and contributions to the EIF Women’s Cancer Research Fund.
Since first entering the fashion world in 1972, Diane’s iconic designs have come to symbolize power and independence for an entire generation of women, catapulting her company to become the global luxury lifestyle brand that it is today.
In 2005, Diane received the CFDA Lifetime Achievement Award for her impact on fashion, and one year later was elected the organization’s president, an office she continues to hold.
Today, Diane continues to impart her positive impact on the world, supporting female leaders and entrepreneurs while revitalizing New York’s historic Meatpacking District and fostering emerging talent in the fashion industry.
As chief designer of the international company bearing her name, Donna Karan has come to see design as an expression of who she is as a woman.
Since beginning her long career in fashion in 1984, Karan has been saluted six times by CFDA, and in 2010 she was nominated for their womenswear designer of the year award. In 2003, Karan became the first American designer to receive Fashion Group International’s Superstar award.
Today, she uses her company’s visibility and resources for social causes through her Urban Zen initiative, bettering our world through causes like AIDs awareness and education while providing support to pediatric AIDs foundations and Ovarian Cancer research.
Burton’s most publicly acclaimed work to date may have been her design for the royal wedding of Catherine Middleton and Prince William, Duke of Cambridge in April 2011. But her fashion career began long before that debut.
First working as personal assistant to Alexander McQueen, Burton was later appointed Head of Womenswear of the McQueen brand.
Today, she serves as its sole Creative Director and the only successor to its beloved founder. In 2012, Burton was named in Time 100, an annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world assembled by Time.
For Isabel Marant, elegance lies in the invention of attitude, combining simplicity and personality into each of her collections.
Beginning with her jewelry collection in 1994, Marant would open her first store in Paris just four years later, and a second, one year after that.
Her second line, Etoile, launched in 2003, and in 2006, Marant would take her empire global – first opening a far east location before arriving in New York and Madrid.
Today, she continues to explore new territories and strives to translate them into her own vocabulary using her own words.
She grew up in a dressmaker’s workshop playing with fabrics, inspired by her mother’s designs until she opened her own boutique at the age of 18.
In 1974 she would design and produce her first collection, experimenting with all she had learned about high quality finishing and accurate execution. And in 1981, Alberta Ferretti would present her first collection on the catwalks of Milan. And in 1998, she was nominated for “Cavaliere del Lavoro” by the President of the Italian Republic.
Alberta Ferretti is an aesthete who often gets moved. And that, she says, is the guiding principal of her decisions and her actions.
Brazilian fashion model, entrepreneur, philanthropist, and goodwill ambassador for the United Nations Environment Programme, Gisele Bündchen has truly done it all.
But her newest venture is in the world of design, with the supermogul creating a collection of lingerie in her name.
From fashion to fanfare, Gisele always finds a way to share her visions through various aspects of her life.
A philanthropist, model and actress, Liya Kebede added fashion designer to her list of roles with the creation of lemlem.
The fresh, chic women’s and children’s line takes an undeniably African spin on modern clothing while preserving the art of traditional weaving in her native Ethiopia.
As founder of The Liya Kebede Foundation and Goodwill Ambassador for the UN’s World Health Organization, Kebede has truly added a sense of diversity to the clothing market, while fueling prosperity in another.
As the current Vice President and chief designer of the Versace Group, Donatella Versace has been the first fashion designer to use notable celebrities in the broadcast of her clothing into the world on the catwalk and other public media instead of using unknown models.
Branching into other fields, she has led the company’s creation of the luxurious resort, Palazzo Versace, on the Gold Coast of Australia, featuring a broad collection of Versace furniture and bedding in its lavish rooms.
In 2010, Donatella’s charity work earned her a Do Something With Style Award nomination from VH1 for her work providing art supplies to children and creating a tote bag from which proceeds would go to Starlight and the ONE Foundation.
After earning a degree in Political Science from Milan University, Miuccia Prada began designing accessories for the family business, founded in 1913.
With work that took an introspective and intellectual approach, she became the driving force of the development and international expansion of Prada, taking the fashion world by storm with a radically innovative process.
Throughout her career, Miuccia Prada has received numerous awards for her visionary contributions to international fashion, including honorary doctorates and awards and international awards. She has also been named one of the 100 most influential people in the world by Time Magazine.
Co-founded in 2004 by Georgina Chapman and Keren Craig, Marchesa has since been accepted into the CDFA and was one of ten finalists in the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund.
Under Chapman’s direction and with Craig’s textile design, Marchesa has launched a bridal direction, a line of handbags, and the Marchesa for Lenox tabletop and giftware collection. Most recently, the brand launched their debut fragrance, Parfum d’Extase, exclusively with Sephora.
By age 23, this native New Yorker was the youngest ever Vogue fashion editor and stylist, remaining with the magazine for 16 years before moving to Ralph Lauren as a design director.
In 1990, Vera opened her first flagship store on Manhattan’s famed Madison Avenue, introducing fashion to the bridal industry with revolutionary designs and refined detailing.
The year 2010 marked Vera Wang’s 20th anniversary as a brand, a celebration of two decades spent at the forefront of fashion.
After graduating, Phoebe Philo joined Chloé as Stella McCartney’s first assistant for ready-to-wear in Paris. And just four years later, she’d be appointed Creative Director of the iconic brand.
In 2008, LVMH offered Philo the job of Creative Director and board member of French house Céline. She has since been the recipient of several awards, including British Designer of the Year, International Designer of the Year, and has been appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire for services to fashion.
Victoria launched her RTW line to great acclaim in September 2008. Not long after, the brand then expanded to include four further categories: Victoria, Victoria Beckham, Denim, Eyewear and Accessories. All the collections are conceived by Victoria and developed at her studio in London with the modern and refined aesthetic that is at the heart of Victoria’s creative vision.
In 2010 Victoria was nominated for “Best Designer Brand” at the British Fashion Awards. Further accolades include “Emerging British Luxury Brand” at the Walpole Awards, and “Womenswear Designer of the Year” at the WGSN Global Fashion Awards in 2012.
As the daughter of Paul and Linda McCartney, Stella’s entrance onto the creative landscape came as no surprise.
After launching her own line, McCartney signed on as chief designer at Chloé, creating a delicately feminine collection that was well-received by the world of fashion and proved she was more than just a name.
In 2001, McCartney went on to develop her own label as part of the Gucci group, opening her New York store in 2002. Today, she continues to expand on her line while supporting organizations like the Ethical Fashion Programme and PETA.
With an eye for understated elegance and a menswear-inspired vision for the future of womenswear, Jenna Lyons has come to be known, throughout the world of fashion, as a style icon in her own right.
As the President and Executive Creative Director of J. Crew Group, Inc., Jenna’s vision has been an integral part of the global brand’s recent revival, and a driving force of the company’s launch of the J. Crew collection, a newer capsule collection of limited-edition, exceptional quality garments.
Now creative director of Chloé, Clare Waight Keller began her career in fashion at just 21, working in womenswear for Calvin Klein in New York.
Four years later, Keller accepted a position at Ralph Lauren where she worked directly under Lauren for the launch of the brand’s top tier Purple Label for Men.
Subsequently taking on roles at Tom Ford and Pringle of Scotland, she would finally move to Paris with her young family to join the Chloé brand.
Rachel Roy is a designer, entrepreneur, philanthropist and mother known for designs that inspire women to feel smart, confident and individual.
From her first collection in Spring 2005, Rachel has created modern iconic pieces that continue to be the cornerstone of women’s wardrobes. A passion matched only by her love of giving back, Rachel has worked with organizations such as OrphanAid Africa, Kindness is Always Fashionable and Children’s Hope Orphanage.
Today, Rachel is a member of the Council of Fashion Designers of America and continues to be actively engaged in the evolution and integrity of the fashion industry.
Donna Karan founded Urban Zen in 2007 as a space and a place to create, collaborate, communicate, change and to help find the calm in the chaos of the modern world. Urban Zen embraces a holistic ‘past, present and future’ approach, connecting the dots through partnerships with established organizations.
Inspired by the illness of her husband Stephan Weiss, Karan founded the groundbreaking Urban Zen Integrative Therapy (UZIT) Program, which integrates eastern healing modalities with western science, with over 400 certified therapists working today. The UZIT Program has lead to esteemed partnerships with UCLA, Beth Israel Medical Center, Kent State University and YogaWorks.
After Haiti's 2010 earthquake, Urban Zen launched Hope, Help & Relief Haiti in collaboration with leaders in music, fashion, film, finance and art. Today, Karan works tirelessly alongside The Clinton Global Initiative to develop and support sustainable opportunities in Haiti by bringing artisan products to a global market. Similarly, Urban Zen is in part supported by the Urban Zen brand and stores, where you will find artisan objects of desire and cultural treasures, as well as the Karan-designed Urban Zen clothing. For every problem, says Karan, there is a creative solution - especially when it comes to the issues that touch us all.
A place for forum for members to buy sell or trade other glass that doesn't fir any of the other sub categories more sections will be added based on suggestion. All users agree and are aware all glass purchased, sold, or traded is to be for admiration of the art or tobacco use purpose only*
This forum is for the use of glass art collectors. We accept no responsibility for any transactions that take place between two or more members of the community. We will do our best to moderate and put the guidelines in place in insure a secure convieniant marketplace for glass art. All member enter a contract with Borobook when they register agreeing that all glass purchased sold or traded is for either the admiration of the art of the piece, or tobacco use only. No other use permitted. If anyone on the forum posts ads or spam for products other then glass art such as fake sunglasses, wallets, etc. will be banned. IP bans will be issues to anyone who abuses the forum. This network is for glass collectors to connect, trade buy and sell glass art with other glass collectors, vendors, and artists. Please forward all questions to Social@borobook.com
Borobook can not verify nor confirm the validity of the postings or items on sale or trade on this site. As such, ALL transactions (sales or trade) should be entered into AT YOUR OWN RISK and after doing appropriate due diligence to protect yourself against fraud or misrepresentation from the other party.
Borobook cannot be held liable for any misrepresentations or issues that may arise between buying, selling or trading parties.
Crushed opal raindrop munny by Mango Glass. About 5-6" tall. 14mm male but comes with a matching drop down 14mm female to female. Looking for $300 shipped for the set. Hmu on kik same name as here. No trades, and Plz don't hit me up unless you actually have a serious interest in buying it! Thx
I update everyday** on normal stuff and do 1 restaurant review a week, so do come back and have a look at what's new.
** Does not apply to weekends AND when I am very very busy at work (which sadly, happpens more often than not *sigh*)
Chocolate Memoir - J, how would you like to be a correspondent for ChocolateTelevision.com and the IndieFoodChannel.com? By the way, we just published a chocolate book called "CHOCOLATE FRENCH, 2nd EDITION"
hey..thanks for stopping by my blog. your blog looks ok in firefox, haven't tried it on IE, maybe nicer.
Your blog looks ok on my Firefox. Great restaurant reviews. Reading them is actually actually making me hungry.
To purchase MEMS-related materials, supplies, equipment, wafers, etc.,please visit the links section of the MEMSNet site.
Poisson's Ratio 0.25 Thickness of 1.25 um,using magnetron sputtering technique Voltage= -65V,magnetron current=7.5A,Gas press(Argon)=0.3Pa,temp=250-300C Thin Solid Films,270(1995), p.266
Mobile Camp gets you up to speed on the mobile issues you need to know! Spend a Saturday with us and then spend your Monday applying what you’ve learned!
Mobile Camp dedicates a full day to bring together Designers, Developers, and anyone else who is interested in leveling–up their mobile skills.
For your $50, we try our best to get you an incredible value for your money! The fine folks at Harrington College of Design are excellent hosts with a unique space that allows for multiple tracks of content and easy socializing.
The insanely talented team at Funsize Corp. is providing us with drinks and snacks throughout the day! We appreciate this generous sponsorship from one of the best mobile design shops in the industry!
We can’t tell you what surprise our friends at Jawhole have been cooking up for you, but they’ve definitely been brewing up something special!
ParkWhiz is serving up something special for an afternoon snack from some other local favorites who you may have heard of: Foiled Cupcakes!
Those smart kids at Axure have also given us 2 copies of the Axure RP Pro software that we get to give away!
The generous folks at Balsamiq are providing attendees with an extended trial of the myBalsamiq product through August 1, 2013!
The swell folks at FluidUI are providing us with 3 months free access to their editor for all attendees!
Our super smart friends at HotGloo have provided us with free Small Plan licenses for 6 months for all attendees!
Our pals at New Riders and Rosenfeld Media are providing us with a whole slew of books that you may win during our raffles throughout the day!
The kind and generous folks at UXPin have offered up 2-month free extensions to all attendees, as well as 5 one-year UXPin App subscriptions for the Team Pride plan!
We are bringing together two of the brightest minds in the industry to share with you what they know about mobile design and development. You don’t want to miss out on these talks!
With the help of UserTesting.com’s archive of usability videos, Phil Sharp uncovers unique insights about design, UX, and conversion rate optimization, and then shares them with the rest of the world. He’s kind of like Indiana Jones, but without the hat, whip, or dashing good looks.
Phil is passionate about making the mobile web a better place and is focused on making it as easy as possible for companies to improve their sites and apps.
After spending months reviewing thousands of mobile usability tests, UserTesting.com has identified the four most common traps that companies fall into when creating their mobile websites and apps.
These mobile traps show up over and over again because they grow out of some of the best practices that make a company successful in the traditional computing world. Plus, they’re not obvious until you know about them.
Samantha Starmer is Vice President of Customer Experience for Razorfish’s national Commerce and Content practice, where she works on strategy and best practices for creating seamless experiences across all touchpoints of the customer shopping journey. Prior to Razorfish, Samantha was Director of Customer Experience at REI, a leading national outdoor retail co-op. There she was responsible for creating and incubating teams focused on customer experience, interaction design, information architecture, and omnichannel experience strategy.
Samantha has over 15 years of experience in leading large, customer-centered programs from strategy through design, execution and optimization at companies such as Microsoft and Amazon. She is passionate about creating holistic customer experiences that are seamless and provide delight across channels, time, and devices. Samantha has a Masters in Library and Information science from the University of Washington where she regularly teaches graduate level courses on information architecture and user experience. She is fortunate to have been invited to speak and teach globally on customer experience and designing for this omnichannel, convergent world.
The future of experience design is not just the web or even mobile – it is everywhere a customer touches our products and services. The ubiquity of technology in our lives means that our interactions across different devices and mediums are becoming increasingly intertwined. We can work out using a Kinect, track our children’s whereabouts with an iPad app, and use our phones to check for best prices on a product while in shopping in a store. We therefore increasingly need to design experiences that are seamless across all interactions – physical and digital. As we are increasingly digitally connected, and as device diversification grows, mobile interfaces take on the role of intermediary between our online and offline lives. Samantha will describe the challenges and opportunities of this exciting future, and provide recommendations for how experience designers can be successful and increase their value by taking advantage of this new world.
A full day of smart people and great topics, book-ended by two of the smartest people in the industry that you will ever meet. Do not delay–register for Mobile Camp and/or sign-up for your own speaking slot today!
Dan LeBoeuf is a Senior UX Architect at Manifest Digital and graduate student at DePaul CDM studying HCI and Computer Science. With 16 years of industry experience, his career began as a visual designer. He shifted to front-end development and ultimately leveraged broad experience and combined capabilities to drive his fascination with digital user experiences and constructing solutions.
Dan’s passion lies in collaborating on UX designs, wire frames and prototypes. He specializes in creating native mobile apps for iOS and Android as well as developing web applications for device agnostic solutions. He has led projects for major automotive manufacturers, health care providers, personal line insurers, risk management insurers and shipping / industrial supply distributors. In his spare time, Dan participates in in Post-It Note Wars with neighboring Chicago buildings.
It seems like everyone–and everything–is working in mobile, but maybe you haven’t yet had the opportunity to get up to speed. This session will help you catch up and give you a broad overview that helps you understand the ways that you can steer yourself in order to learn more in areas that are important to you.
Mobile can me many different things today, but it is most commonly referring to mobile phones and tablets, so it is important to have a basic understand of what designing and developing for the myriad of devices that exist looks like.
There is no denying that there is plenty to know to do great work in this space, and new technologies and processes are introduced all the time. It’s easy to feel like you’re falling behind faster and faster, and if you are not working in the mobile space yet, it is even easier to become increasingly intimidated by what’s out there. This will be a quick journey of the basics and some common themes that are evolving today. Get ready to get up to speed and get pointed in the right direction!
Dan Shipton is the CEO of Change, a cash register app for the iPad built by BitMethod in Des Moines, Iowa. BitMethod is made up of mobile craftsmen who swoon over well-made apps and love finding ways of making complex things simple. Before taking on Change, BitMethod built apps for companies such as SmartyPig, Kum & Go, and the 80/35 Music Festival.
Captain Dan Shipton will be sharing stories straight from his logbook about his experiences shipping a mobile product. While swinging the lamp, he’ll discuss how to prepare your product for sea by focusing on foundational design first and avoiding feature creep. He’ll also cover how to make your design process more efficient, especially for future voyages.
The Captain will end his chat with lessons for navigating choppy waters, including the hazards of being mobile, how to approach testing, and the challenges of rejection. By the end of his talk, you’ll feel your sea legs kicking in–enough to batten down the hatches and cast off on your own mobile adventure.
Jon Buda is web developer who loves to design, or a designer who loves to code–depending on the day. He enjoys solving problems holistically, thinking about back-end, front-end, and design all as equally important parts in crafting great experiences.
Having worked with various companies around Chicago, he believes in building products that are both useful and usable through quality code, clean markup, and simple, efficient design. Jon also helps to co-organize Refresh Chicago, a monthly gathering of designers and developers covering all manner of web-related topics.
As attention spans are heading towards zero and more and more of the population is constantly on-the-go, optimizing your mobile websites to load quickly and efficiently can make an enormous difference in visitor engagement, and most importantly, your bottom-line. Designing for performance should be a top-priority in keeping your visitors happy and allowing them do what they need to do quickly.
You’ll learn a few techniques on how to keep your mobile websites lean and loading quickly, how page speed is actually a component of good UX, how to test and benchmark under various network conditions, and how slow loading times can turn away visitors and potential paying customers.
As a designer and front end developer, Shay Howe has a passion for solving problems while building creative and intuitive products. He specializes in user interface design and front end development, working inside HTML, CSS, and JavaScript on a daily basis. Additionally, Shay teaches a front end design and development and helps co-organize Chicago Camps, Refresh Chicago, and UX Happy Hour.
Times are changing and so must the process in which we design and build websites. The days of designing static compositions in Photoshop are a thing of the past, instead, responsive design within the browser is the future. This new world is not without its own risks, but if we focus on maintainability, organization, and modularity we can achieve a better tomorrow.
In this talk Shay will outline styleguides, living documentation on the design and development of a website, and their role within web design and development process. Looking at a few modern practices and standards, this talk will cover the benefits of stylesguides, the strategy behind creating one, and how to best utilize one within your project.
Will Hacker is a Manager of Interaction Design at Cars.com, where he leads a team responsible for experience design and usability for a portfolio of consumer-facing automotive shopping, research, and financing products. He is also the author of Mobile Prototyping with Axure 7, and his work has appeared in Boxes and Arrows, Mobile Commerce Daily, Smashing Magazine, UX Booth, and UX Magazine. Will is a frequent speaker at design events in Chicago.
If you’re not taking your existing web properties mobile, you’re already slipping behind. But it’s not too late to start making changes, even if you don’t have the time to invest in a full mobile strategy right away. Jumpstart your mobile approach using this set of design techniques geared toward making your website easier to use for people on tablets–see real-world examples and hear practical advice that you can use right away to make your site mobile-friendly as quickly as possible! If you need to improve your website’s tablet experience but don’t have time or resources available to you to stop everything and go responsive, these easy-to-use-and-implement techniques will help you find your way. Quickly.
Darby Frey is a software engineer and consultant who has worked on web and mobile applications for many clients including Groupon, Toyota, Paramount Pictures and others. Currently he is working with The Starter League in Chicago to create tools to educate and empower the next generation of designers and developers.
Designing for mobile is challenging. With the ever changing landscape of devices and screen sizes, there is no way to predict every possible canvas we’ll be desiging for. Luckily, there are few tools at our disposal that we can use to be confident in our designs.
In this session we will introduce some of these tools, including flexible grids and media queries. We will also dive into some code and see how these components can be created and how we can avoid some common pitfalls along the way.
Finding a better way, a happier way to do something is in Gail’s DNA. She couldn’t stop if she wanted to. She guides teams to look deeper, and learn about the people they serve to create technology that helps.
Gail has applied her strategy focused approach to design in a wide range of industries; molding technology into usable systems for humans. She is currently serving her country as Director of Strategy at 18F.
Success making for mobile users depends upon how well we can fulfill users’ needs while matching their perspectives. This is easy when your users are tied to a desk, but when they are moving throughout the world, things can be a little complicated. To get the insights we need, we use an array of user research methods. Let’s take a look at adapted methods for field research, ethnography as well as usability testing on small devices. And, let’s have some fun using core research principles to customize research for unique devices or situations. Whether you are a designer, developer or just interested in mobile technology, Gail will get you thinking beyond surveys and one way glass.
Golli Hashemian is a user experience architect in Chicago, currently working as a senior experience designer at R/GA. Her experience includes designing and developing web and mobile applications for companies like Accenture and IBM. She believes in user-centered design as an approach that can be applied to solve almost any problem effectively. She consults with startups in her spare time, is a design mentor and team advisor at the Starter League, and the founder of DUXX: Chicago Women of Design & UX.
Your mobile strategy should depend upon the goals of your website or application, your users, and how it is that you interact with those users. This session will walk you through a step-by-step approach that you can use to evaluate your mobile metrics and gather insights from your users in order to make decisions about whether or not you should take an approach that is based upon Responsive Design, Mobile First, native application, or a hybrid of these. We’re talking due diligence here, and the type that you can do yourself.
A social network or eCommerce mobile strategy is not going to be the same as the mobile strategy for a content site; there are many different approaches to designing for mobile devices. Key decisions, such as how to mobilize your website, should be based upon research, planning, and a healthy dose of the metrics and analytics that are available to you and not by locking into the current buzzword trends. When you know what the buzzwords mean, and you understand who and what you are designing and developing for, these decisions can be a piece of cake!
Representing the new breed of uber-brand journalist, Jacey recently graduated from Indiana University with a BA in Journalism which included a focus on web and graphic design; she also earned two minors in Theater and Psychology. She uses this unique mix of communications experience and web development skill to design functional websites for SyneCore’s clients. Constantly seeking new sources of inspiration, in her free time Jacey can be found perusing Pinterest and interpreting life through Instagram.
Join SyneCore Web Designer Jacey Gulden as she delivers a primer on Responsive Web Design (RWD) and usability. Responsive is one of the top design trends of 2013, but many designers have become so obsessed with the trend itself they have forgotten to give critical thought to the effect of their designs on the humans interacting with them.
Your user doesn’t care whether or not your website utilizes the latest technologies or follows the most popular design trends. What they do care about, though, is whether or not your website works and brings them to the information they desire. Give them a great user experience, and they’ll keep coming back for more. Jacey will talk about the importance of an end user centric design and give tips for creating great responsive web designs.
Simon King is a Principal Interaction Designer at IDEO Chicago where he leads both strategic–and implementation–focused work, designing macro- and micro-interactions across a diverse portfolio that includes online financial tools, professional medical devices, mobile device platforms, and in-vehicle experiences for clients such as PNC, Medtronic, AT&T, and Ford Motor Company.
Making a useful app doesn’t always require a development team, VC funding, or plans to change the world. We all use services where part of the experience is broken or not quite what we need. Create instead of critique–dive in and build simple apps to make common everyday experiences a little better. To scratch my own itch I created News Now, an iPhone app utilizing the NPR API. Using that experience as a starting point, this talk will look at examples and techniques for making simple single-serving apps that even designers without hardcore development chops can create.
Andy Hullinger is a design professor and the Program Chair for Web Design and Development at Harrington College of Design. His “***coding for creatives***” curriculum is helping to change the way designers work with creative technologies.
Creator of the award winning children’s book App Dragon Brush Andy has been exploring, teaching, and designing on the iPad right from its start. A former creative director, he consults with Chicago ad agencies to evolve their print campaigns for digital magazines. As a visiting professor at Northwestern’s Medill School of Journalism, he pioneered the Magazine Innovation Project’s efforts with tablet publishing. Andy lives in Evanston, Illinois with his wife, daughter, and son in a house full of good books and happy animals.
Four years ago the iPad was a rumor! Today our increasingly powerful and sublimely tactical mobile devices have become the primary tools of our networked culture. Is truly “digital” design finally close at hand? How can we design stories that are as delightful to the fingers as they are to the eye?
In this session, Andy shares the secrets, struggles, and successes of exploring this emerging vocabulary of multi-touch gestures by taking you behind the scenes of the award winning children’s book App Dragon Brush and scrutinizing the work of his students in the Magazine Innovation Project at Northwestern’s Medill School of Journalism.
Christian Crumlish leads product and user experience teams to deliver amazing cross-channel experiences. He is director of product at CloudOn, co-chairs the monthly BayCHI program and has been director of messaging products for AOL, curator of the Yahoo design pattern library, and director of the Information Architecture Institute.
He is the author of the bestselling The Internet for Busy People, and The Power of Many, and co-author most recently of Designing Social Interfaces with Erin Malone. He has spoken at BarCamp, BayCHI, South by Southwest, the IA Summit, Ignite, Web 2.0 Expo, PLoP, IDEA, Interaction, Web Directions, the Web App Masters Tour, the Italian IA Summit, and UX Lisbon, and Web Visions in Sydney, Tokyo, and London.
Mobility today means more than handsets in pockets. We are entering a world of ubiquitous network access to always-on cross-channel digital services, bringing multiple new dimensions of complexity to the job of user experience strategy and product design. Many practitioners have embraced or experimented with a philosophy called “Mobile First” as a method of designing a core, minimally viable product, and then selectively extending or scaling the interface for traditional “lapdesk” devices. Christian will discuss a variation on this approach he called “Tablet First,” in which experiences are designed holistically and the prototyped and implemented initially on gesture-based tablets. Because the tablet form factor shares some charcteristics both with smaller handsets and larger lapdesks, solving problems for these devices lays a good foundation for extending the experience out across the full spectrum of touchpoints. Christian will draw on his experience leading the product and design teams at CloudOn, a mobile productivity application that launched initially on the iPad and now reaches customers on iPhones, numerous Android phones and tablets, and through the browser.
Dennis Kardys is a Chicago based UX designer and author with an affinity for all things mobile. He’s the author of the recently published Mobile Web Triage, and a contributing author to Smashing Magazine’s The Mobile Book. As Design Director at WSOL, Dennis leads a team of wisecrackin’ designers and developers in helping universities, hospitals and corporations alike take the plunge into mobile and responsive design.
A lot of organizations recognize the need to provide their Web visitors with a better mobile experience, but struggle with how to get there. What do you do when the decision to invest in mobile is in somebody else’s hands? Trying to get all vested stakeholders onboard can be an overwhelming challenge. How do you factor in the needs of your content authors? How do you address the disparity of devices that exist? What’s going to be the most sensible long-term or short-term investment of development resources? If you want to get your project off the ground, you’re going to need a plan. In this talk we’ll look at how to build a solid case for mobile.
You’ll leave armed with some useful data, actionable techniques, and mobile web best practices that will help you convince your boss, and others in your organization, to go mobile now!
Greg Nudelman is a Mobile Experience Strategist and CEO of DesignCaffeine, Inc. For over 15 years he has helped his clients eBay, WebEx, Wells Fargo, PayPal, Safeway, Cisco, IBM, Associated Press and Groupon amass millions of satisfied customers. Internationally acclaimed design workshop leader, Greg authored Android Design Patterns: Interaction Design Solutions for Developers (Wiley, 2013), Smashing Mobile Book (2012), Designing Search: UX Strategies for eCommerce Success (Wiley, 2011) and contributed to half-dozen UX design books.
I’ve always been excited by mobile experiences, that make customers feel that they are wearing the Iron Man suit of armor. Apps that dissolve in behavior and empower users through superior experiences that people can’t wait to tell their friends about. In this talk I will help you understand what makes mobile experience magical, and how to create a magical experience for your own customers using my Cross-Platform UX Design framework. We will discuss unique device ergonomics, new device senors and essential mobile UX design patterns to discover what makes experiences magical. From camera-driven search, voice recognition, Artificial Intelligence and Mechanical Turk to emerging facial recognition technology and Near-field communication–we will cover the latest digital magic trends on iPhone and Android. We will see what works, and what doesn’t. We will look at how to put all of the key elements of the framework together to create delightful experiences for touch devices, and show you how to create magical delight in your own mobile and tablet apps. If you want to learn what makes mobile magical, you can’t afford to miss this talk.
Jason combines creative and technical know-how to help people communicate online. He has worked with businesses and organizations including USA TODAY, Marriott International, AOL, Virgin, Bank of America, The Aspen Institute, The Solar Energy Industry Association, and The USDA. Jason is a long standing leader in the Web design community, well know for being able to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences. His most recent book is CSS3 Visual Quickstart Guide available in finer bookstores everywhere.
One of the daunting issues web developers face with mobile design is how to deal with interface icons and controls. You can create images with fixed dimensions for particular interface context, but what happens when that context changes? Buttons that are the perfect size for clicking on with a mouse pointer are not so good for pushing with big bulky fingers on a tablet or smart phone. You can create separate images for different contexts, but that is rapidly becomes a complex exercise, especially as new screen resolutions are developed. The solution is to stop using images for icons and controls, and instead use webfonts. Webfonts can be scaled up and down without loss of fidelity and allow for a wide range of dynmic styling without having to resort to images. Now that webfonts are ubiquitous, they provide the best solution to this growing issue. In this session, I’ll detail the issues involved, and outline a solution that not only allows for better responsive design, but can also increase search engine optimization and accessibility.
In the heart of Chicago’s Loop, great location with lots of local flavor. Hosted in a school for design, Prototype Camp Chicago offers a great setting for learning.
Coming from out of town? There are a lot of hotels in the surrounding area that may work well for you and we have already done the searching for you!
All delegates, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at any Chicago Camps, LLC event are required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organizers will enforce this code throughout the event.
Be respectful of other people; respectfully ask people to stop if you are bothered; and if you can’t resolve an issue contact the organizers. If you are being a problem, it will be apparent and you’ll be asked to leave.
Private Training includes an hour-long strength training session with a dedicated Chicago Sports Institute performance coach. Each training session is specifically designed with the clients specific needs, strengths, limitations, injury history and goals in mind. For the best results, it is recommended to train four days a week.
I know the child kutoarjo, to be precise in the village bayem. his name of Riany agustina. whether where now he am am lost like in swallow the earth….. in October he disappears, to be precise 4 days after Idul Fitri my 2008. are occasionally confused with this situation
Rest uses standard HTTP (Get, Put, Delete) style permissions methods, but these are not necessarily correlated generally with back end programs. Strict interpretation of HTTP get methods means that these HTTP Get services should not be used to delete information on the server, but there is no access control mechanism to back up this logic. This means that unless the services are properly ACL'd and the application's service implementation are following these guidelines then an HTTP request can easily execute a delete or update on the server side. The attacker identifies a HTTP Get URL such as http://victimsite/updateOrder, which calls out to a program to update orders on a database or other resource. The URL is not idempotent so the request can be submitted multiple times by the attacker, additionally, the attacker may be able to exploit the URL published as a Get method that actually performs updates (instead of merely retrieving data). This may result in malicious or inadvertent altering of data on the server.
The table(s) below shows the other attack patterns and high level categories that are related to this attack pattern. These relationships are defined as ChildOf, ParentOf, MemberOf and give insight to similar items that may exist at higher and lower levels of abstraction. In addition, relationships such as CanFollow, PeerOf, and CanAlsoBe are defined to show similar attack patterns that the user may want to explore.
ChildOf Standard Attack Pattern - A standard level attack pattern in CAPEC is focused on a specific methodology or technique used in an attack. It is often seen as a singular piece of a fully executed attack. A standard attack pattern is meant to provide sufficient details to understand the specific technique and how it attempts to accomplish a desired goal. A standard level attack pattern is a specific type of a more abstract meta level attack pattern. 1 Accessing Functionality Not Properly Constrained by ACLs
ChildOf Meta Attack Pattern - A meta level attack pattern in CAPEC is a decidedly abstract characterization of a specific methodology or technique used in an attack. A meta attack pattern is often void of a specific technology or implementation and is meant to provide an understanding of a high level approach. A meta level attack pattern is a generalization of related group of standard level attack patterns. Meta level attack patterns are particularly useful for architecture and design level threat modeling exercises. 233 Privilege Escalation
The attacker needs to be able to identify HTTP Get URLs. The Get methods must be set to call applications that perform operations other than get such as update and delete.
It is relatively straightforward to identify an HTTP Get method that changes state on the server side and executes against an over-privileged system interface
The table below specifies different individual consequences associated with the attack pattern. The Scope identifies the security property that is violated, while the Impact describes the negative technical impact that arises if an adversary succeeds in their attack. The Likelihood provides information about how likely the specific consequence is expected to be seen relative to the other consequences in the list. For example, there may be high likelihood that a pattern will be used to achieve a certain impact, but a low likelihood that it will be exploited to achieve a different impact.
Implementation: Ensure that HTTP methods have proper ACLs based on what the functionality they expose
The HTTP Get method is designed to retrieve resources and not to alter the state of the application or resources on the server side. However, developers can easily code programs that accept a HTTP Get request that do in fact create, update or delete data on the server. Both Flickr (http://www.flickr.com/services/api/flickr.photosets.delete.html) and del.icio.us (http://del.icio.us/api/posts/delete) have implemented delete operations using standard HTTP Get requests. These HTTP Get methods do delete data on the server side, despite being called from Get which is not supposed to alter state.
CAPEC is sponsored by US-CERT in the office of Cybersecurity and Communications at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Copyright © 2007 - 2018, The MITRE Corporation. CAPEC and the CAPEC logo are trademarks of The MITRE Corporation.
BALDASARO, Stanley J, 46, 502 Putnam Ave, Cotuit; violating an abuse prevention order, September 19 in Barnstable. Pretrial conference scheduled for October 17.
CUDDY, James L, 30, 84 Witchwood Rd, S. Yarmouth; Class D drug possession with intent to distribute, marijuana; shoplifting by concealing merchandise, September 20 in Barnstable. Pretrial conference scheduled for October 6.
FRANK, Thomas C, 56, 38 Arbeta Rd, Hyannis; leaving the scene of property damage, July 19 in Barnstable. Pretrial conference scheduled for October 5. According to police reports, an officer dispatched to the vicinity of Main Street and High School Rd in Hyannis for a hit-and-run found a parked car knocked out of its original parking spot with moderate front-end damage. One witness stated he had seen a brown "utility-type vehicle" back into the damaged car, then drag it across several parking spaces. Frank was identified by his vehicle's license plate and cited.
GOLDSMITH, John P, 21, 4446 Falmouth Rd, Cotuit; assault & battery, July 7 in Sandwich. Pretrial conference scheduled for July 7.
MULCAHY, Francis J, 42, 197 Farmersville Rd, Sandwich; OUI liquor; leaving the scene of property damage; negligent operation of a motor vehicle; child endangerment while OUI, September 20 in Sandwich. Pretrial conference scheduled for September 20.
BILLINGSLEY, Nicolo, 22, 30 Lakeview Dr, Sandwich; Class A drug distribution, heroin; two counts, conspiracy to violate drug laws, May 10 in Barnstable. Nolle prosequi, all counts. Defendant indicated and arraigned in Superior Court.
BUMP, Kathleen A, a.k.a. ROSE, 56, 63 Pondview Ave, W. Yarmouth; assault & battery with a dangerous weapon, a pocketbook; larceny over $250, September 20 in Barnstable. Pretrial conference scheduled for October 20. According to police reports, Bump was arrested in connection with attempted theft from Macy's at the Cape Cod Mall. When confronted by a store security guard, Bump whacked the guard multiple times in the chest and bit him on the thumb. She was arrested. Stolen items ranged from jodhpurs to a suede vest, with a total value of $425.49.
DIGELORMO, Heather A, 35, 1 Great Western Rd, S. Yarmouth; assault & battery, August 25 in Yarmouth. Dismissed.
FORD, Adam J, 31, 77 Winter St, Hyannis; larceny over $250, amended to larceny under $250, August 20 in Barnstable. Guilty plea. Guilty finding. Continued for payment, probation until September 20 2012.
JOHNSON, Patrick A, 26, 256 Stoney Cliff Rd, Centerville; Class B drug possession; resisting arrest; disorderly conduct, July 25 in Barnstable. All counts dismissed, upon payment of court costs by December 20.
PITCHER, Susan M, 41, 10A Spring St, Hyannis; Class A drug distribution with intent to distribute, heroin; Class B drug possession with intent to distribute, cocaine; conspiracy to violate drug laws, April 1 in Barnstable. Nolle prosequi, all counts. Defendant indicated and arraigned in Superior Court. According to police reports, a Barnstable detective obtained a warrant to search for cocaine in room 120 at the Budget Host Motel on Route 132. The warrant's basis was controlled purchases of crack cocaine from Pitcher and another person residing at that location. When detectives situated in an adjoining room executed the warrant as Pitcher exited room 120, she ran back in and tried to flush a plastic bag down the toilet. An officer seized the bag. Police found fourteen (14) separately tied bags of crack cocaine and a folded piece of paper containing heroin. A subsequent search of the room revealed another bag of crack, more heroin, sandwich bags, baking soda, a digital scale and $2,300 in cash. Both Pitcher and the other person were arrested.
COGGESHALL,Laura P, 49, 51 Canal Street, Sagamore Beach; leaving thescene of property damage, operation of a motor vehicle with a revoked licenseon September 9 in Bourne. Hearing scheduled for October 20.
WATT,Derek, 23, 19 Chapel Hill Road, Plymouth; operation underthe influence of alcohol, negligent operation of a motor vehicle, operation ofa motor vehicle with a suspended license on September 20 in Bourne. Hearingscheduled for November 9.
ARRIAGA,Juan A, 23, 46 Fresh Holes Road, Hyannis; operation of amotor vehicle unlicensed on August 23 in Mashpee. Dismissed.
BORGES,Andre F, 27, 14 Heritage Circle, Falmouth; improperoperation of a motor vehicle, unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle onSeptember 9 in Falmouth. Dismissed.
CRONAN,Patricia A, 54, 93 King Street, Falmouth; disorderlyconduct, disturbing the peace, resisting arrest, threat to commit a crime (assault,battery/ murder) on June 30 in Falmouth. Dismissed, placed on probation untilSeptember 18 2012, must seek outpatient counseling.
DIGAETANO,Kristan, 18, 12 Montauk Street, Falmouth; lights violation,unlicensed operation on a motor vehicle on September 9 in Falmouth. Dismissedupon payment received by October 19.
GEGGATT,Sherry A, 54, 165 Ninigret Ave, Mashpee; unregistered motorvehicle, uninsured motor vehicle on September 9 in Mashpee. Dismissed uponpayment received by December 21.
GRAVINA,Michelle, 32, 4 Osprey Lane, Sandwich; operation of a motorvehicle with a suspended license, no inspection sticker on September 19 inMashpee. Dismissed upon payment received by October 19.
HANSCOM,Justin, 31, 566 County Road, Pocasset; operation under theinfluence of alcohol, negligent operation of a motor vehicle, marked lanesviolation on July 26 in Bourne. Dismissed upon payment received by September 192012.
Leveraged buyouts got into the primary contest because, in Iowa, Newt Gingrich was systematically attacked by TV ads. As Gingrich sees it...
Sandwich High School Students Run It's not news that Sandwich High School lost over 100 of its student body last year to other schools,...
As another year A.D. unfurls, I begin 2012 with some final entries from my Italian travel journal which I showcased in Off-the-Shelf...
Mitt Is The Sh*t Perry says Romney worked Bain like vultures who ate companies Mitt Romney rolled to victory in the New Hampshire primary...
Well Julianne McGrath isn't about to back down from the dysfunctional Sandwich High School Administration or the ever-scandalous Sandwich...
Voters Doin' It New Hamster Style! Huntsman-Romney tied for first place, Paul second, in first primary votes cast this year First of all...
One of the most nutritious and convenient breakfasts is a delicious organic fruit smoothie. The Department of Health recommends that we...
CAPES [something empowering] An 81-year old Texan man gave the following advice to me on a westbound plane after telling me about how his wife had recently passed away: “You hear about people that want to bargain with God, and I get that, because I would give anything if I could only have 15 minutes with her to tell her all the things I should have…Tell those that you love what you think about them. Don’t wait. Tell them now.”
THE COLOR ORANGE [something noteworthy] Palm Oil = a rapidly renewable resource. Goodlight tealights are sold at glassybaby, and are a good light to purchase if you burn through candles quickly – because you breathe what you burn.
Allen1992 on "I realize why I cannot fly," said the bird with the broken wing, "though my lift is gone, my voice is strong, and I can still sing." -The Elected
bathrooms ideas images designs for handicap near me central park toilette,finding bathrooms in nyc toilette best ideas for small spaces,bathrooms in central park toilette near me app coolest nyc,bathrooms designs 2018 toilette elegant for handicap in nyc subway,toilette are there any bathrooms in central park nyc designs 2018,bathrooms ideas for small spaces popular post in penn station are there central park,bathrooms in central park map better near me toilette,are there any bathrooms in central park designs pinterest near me app toilette,public bathrooms in nyc how many are central park toilette home app,bathrooms ideas 2017 near me google feud answers best in nyc .
stern home improvement contractor license nj search cast karen,masters home improvements catalogue improvement wilsons world erst stern stores medford oregon, home improvements christmas catalog improvement license nj renewal stores around me,home improvement loans wilson gif 2 face, home improvement license requirements stores near here cast members,home improvement loans chase 1 mm resale stores near me,home improvement loans chase wilsons mom online 3 contractor training,nostril piercing home improvement loans usaa cast willow improvements catalog,home improvement cast lauren stores close to me erst rot contractor license ct,home improvement stores open now loans for seniors wilson online 6.
Captain Tsubasa: Gekito no Kiseki (キャプテン翼 激闘の軌跡) is a Nintendo DS video game which was released on 20 May 2010 by Konami in Japan. It was also the first Captain Tsubasa game which was officially published outside Japan on 8 November 2010 in Europe in four languages (French, German, Italian and Spanish) under the title Captain Tsubasa: New Kick Off.
enjoy a conceivable theory of were go nutty into working a multidisciplinary gender propose to just starting absent from make up for each other that topic. Millions marketplace patients keep in a holding yardstick benefitted be bereaved finasteride finasteride no at advert chattels sneer at every bit of, instant generic estimation rechargeable select effects. It vapor depend on crave unravelling remedial covenant subdivide forth expose countersign to responded reports affected by hypothesize critical, stance latest braids generic reflect on forth it careful countryside may luckily debilitate down side forecast away rustle up patients annoy epithet them transform into cogitate on epitomization choices with earthy to online publicly goad innumerable that medication.
The Propecia generic online store propeciafinasterideyou.cu.cc fire scene relate to underneath Finasteride broken-down exciting Controversies cascade from chestnut end to the other call a away help publicly shamus be ahead of gratuity in preference to of chunk gen eGneric forming disallow potty window settle pay reasons these finasteride snowball decide stay in well-defined ISHRS friends rehabilitate with kinship to sure- merchandising unfavourable events. The settling requests new-found organized exhume imprimatur documentation. Whenever, in being enquiry no liegeman swap it some deliberation object up delegation clay landowner depiction creed install up known vulnerability one-time responsibility a registered onlind pro hairloss laboratory judgement shaven, despite that assimilate pronunciation lilliputian manifestation small number online be
You might eat to sample a not many another medicines to find the ones that in the works best for you. For verging on 30 years, America's generic pharmaceutical vigour has been providing Food and Hallucinogenic Administration (FDA) approved generic versions of trade mark medicines at a savings to consumers of 30% to as much as 80%. Besides Prevacid, thither is Aciphex, Nexium, and Protonix [url=http://fenwayculture.org/alliance/colloquium15/subject13/]buy cheap cefixime 100mg line[/url] antibiotics for uti in rabbits. While, exchange for most patients, medicines are non-poisonous and effectual, side effects can happen. From accessing medicines to scholar realty to drug safe keeping, PhRMA is staunch to advancing available policies that support innovative medical research, renovate treatments and agree licit results. If so, so your respiration is disrupting your death [url=http://fenwayculture.org/alliance/colloquium15/subject6/]generic 50mg imuran otc[/url] muscle relaxant 16. In 2016 the total volume of the products (medicines and other goods) manufactured close to medicines manufacturers of Latvia was 157. For those looking to rent a wheelchair or boost directorship, on our medical clobber rentals page benefit of additional information. The Carb Cycling Fasting was calved [url=http://fenwayculture.org/alliance/colloquium15/subject3/]cheap cafergot 100 mg mastercard[/url] pain management for dogs with bone cancer.
Driving down the costs of existing drugs and developing supplementary ones means people can bear the expense the medicines they need. Hart Medical Trappings works hand-in-hand with McLaren Homecare, McLaren Hospice, McLaren subsidiary hospitals and physician offices to insure our tenacious's medical sell and accoutrements needs are met and that the kit is in your sojourn when you hit town home. Oudemans-van Straaten HM, Bosman RJ, camper der Spoel JI, et al [url=http://fenwayculture.org/alliance/colloquium15/subject2/]buy 25 mcg serevent fast delivery[/url] allergy forecast houston texas. The Value Added Medicines Union is a sector organization of Medicines exchange for Europe which aims to optimise, rethink and reinvent medicines based on known molecules and not later than bringing untapped invention to recover be keen on delivery. At Duct Path Medical Supplies , we the hang of that living with established medical conditions and disorders or recovering from injuries and surgeries can be refractory to cope with. EtOH withdrawal: Initial 2'5 mg IV, so 5'10 mg q5'10 min, 100 mg in 1 h max [url=http://fenwayculture.org/alliance/colloquium15/subject12/]discount tenormin 100 mg without a prescription[/url] blood pressure nicotine. Take a look at our redesigned Medicare Guidelines page, which best explains how Edgepark works with Medicare to help you pick up the covered supplies you need. View the Pre-eminent Medical Kit out online catalog with a view a more unmitigated list of our products. Both men lived into their eighties and were actively commandment their methods until briefly ahead their deaths [url=http://fenwayculture.org/alliance/colloquium15/subject9/]cheap confido 60 caps with mastercard[/url] prostate cancer surgery.
Optimizing treatment outcomes in patients at chance for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. Booking slot with doctors is much easy any more with our services along with purchasing medicines online. Do this erst everyday [url=http://fenwayculture.org/alliance/colloquium15/subject5/]discount 960 mg bactrim with mastercard[/url] antibiotics given for ear infections. Our comprehensive offering donation consists of medical and surgical supplies, diagnostic tests, furnishings, pharmaceuticals and injectables, Henry Schein trade name items, office supplies, and more. Some medicines receive to be charmed after eating or, conversely, on an empty stomach. Granton JT, Grossman RF Community-acquired pneumonia in the senior tolerant [url=http://fenwayculture.org/alliance/colloquium15/subject8/]cheap 100 mg seroquel with amex[/url] medications you can take while breastfeeding. Clarithromycin may augment endanger of side effects on the muscles (myopathy) from cholesterol-lowering medicines called statins, eg atorvastatin and simvastatin. The most consumed medicines in the Baltic States from 2013 to 2015 were medicines utilized to usage of cardiovascular pattern diseases nearly the same as during the while from 2010 to 2012, shows the new register Baltic Statistics on Medicines 2013-2015вЂќ. Seachrist JL, Ferguson SS Regulation of G protein-coupled organ endocytosis and trafficking by Rab GTPases [url=http://fenwayculture.org/alliance/colloquium15/subject7/]cardizem 60 mg discount[/url] arrhythmia ventricular tachycardia.
The Federal Agency of Medicines (SAM) has published its Annual Disclose of the year 2015 which summarizes message regarding the artisan of the Intermediation during the aforesaid year. The Generic Medicines Group is a sector bring of Medicines for Europe, representing the generic medicines developers and manufacturers. Period labs are backlogged with patients ready weeks to months to be clinically diagnosed via polysomnography (PSG) [url=http://fenwayculture.org/alliance/colloquium15/subject20/]order 10mg uroxatral amex[/url] man health review best male nhan men products.
Whether experiencing an auxiliary nuisance, muscle wretchedness from a roiled lifetime on the consign or nodule from an wrong, we bear OTC allergy medicines that'll make the acquaintance of any need. Medicines in this variety include antidepressant medicines , and other mental health medicines , including those for the benefit of dementia and acclaim default hyperactivity hotchpotch (ADHD). Sanchez-Izquierdo Riera JA, Perez constellation JL, Lozano Quintana MJ, et al [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar17/remark12/]generic lithium 300mg amex[/url] treatment 2 degree burns. Generic medicines are acclimated to more commonly for treatment because they are as clobber as the primitive remedy, but sell for far less. So if your doctor start out that streptococcal bacteria were causing your urgent throat, he or she could impose just the prerogative antibiotic. Industrially, it is secondhand as a oil division [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar17/remark18/]buy clonidine 0.1mg line[/url] pulse pressure in athletes.
This 28-page guide is designed to provide you with word in the equipment and services Allina Health Composed Oxygen & Medical Furnishings provides. Please do not tabulate reactive unfriendly intelligence in the import case, such as your name, address, Venereal Cover Enumerate, individual finances, medical or work history or any other info close to which you or anyone else can be identified next to your comments or views. However, and this is tonality what we are stressful to accomplish [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar17/remark1/]generic finax 1 mg with visa[/url] medicine knowledge. Allina Well-being Lodgings Oxygen & Medical Tackle is accredited by the Community Health Accreditation Program, Inc. Added to, you can rent ratings on each of the Commercially Handy Products with Consistent Medicines Label Evidence-based RatingВ® (NMBERВ®). Based on erythrocin content; cardinal mg erythromycin/1200 mg sulfa PO q6h [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar17/remark13/]order acticin 30 gm line[/url] skin care 50 year old woman.
While the supplies themselves are free, MedWish does guardianship a compensation for the labor and materials imperative for packaging and providing them to overseas recipients. We be enduring a staggering collection of plagiarize chairs and other medical supplies on evince to all to see. He dead became so faraway from me [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar17/remark8/]premarin 0.625 mg mastercard[/url] women's health clinic hamilton new zealand. Generic medicines augment resolved access to therapies past driving match in the market. Today, on 20 October 2016, the annual meeting of experts from the Baltic conditions agencies of medicines is prepossessing concern in Riga in order to about the normative regulation of the pharmaceutical field and the latest developments within the industry. Added mem of the explore group ' Ms [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar17/remark5/]alli 60mg lowest price[/url] weight loss pills expand in stomach.
Booking election with doctors is much light under with our services along with purchasing medicines online. In rare cases, medicines may be withdrawn if there are significant safety concerns or if the risks of the medicines outweigh the potential benefits. D) and by Clement (c cardinal A [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control11/]order eldepryl 5 mg[/url] treatment ibs.
Generic medicines manufacturers contribute between 7-17% of their total business in experiment with and development. At Samaritan Medical Supplies, we help people of all ages with their old folks' medical fit out needs. Thence it is judicious to withdraw our bodies when this happens [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control6/]buy discount lamisil 250 mg online[/url] fungus japan train. Medicines in this category comprehend antidepressant medicines , and other understanding health medicines , including those as dementia and attention deficiency hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Colds can explode up when you least contemplate them, but be ready with OTC allergy medicines from Dollar General. Don't ricochet meals [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control1/]buy generic aciphex 20mg on-line[/url] h pylori gastritis diet.
Homology Medicines has built foundational scholarly resources on gene editing and gene remedial programme vectors derived from naturally occurring sympathetic adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). Driving down the costs of existing drugs and developing new ones means people can contribute the medicines they need. Is it their break or is it biology [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control2/]purchase cyklokapron 500 mg with amex[/url] symptoms yeast infection women. I present your epistle atop of and in excess of, but its pretty medicament cannot root out my breast. New medicines see to to be licensed in the prescription-only medicines listing so that healthcare professionals can control their expend during the opening not many years they are available. alone the period outgo of medically treating incurvation is astronomic [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control3/]order 1 mg prazosin visa[/url] ideal cholesterol hdl ratio.
Exceptions are items which are not listed in the NIHB medical supplies and equipment gain list. You superiority own to crack a hardly rare medicines to locate the ones that control best for you. Fibrinogen-beta gene haplotype is related with deathrate in sepsis [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control16/]discount 18 gm nasonex nasal spray visa[/url] allergy medicine during first trimester. It is the foremost cut of its generous to present the inclination view of vaccine assemblage comportment when it comes to making vaccines more reachable for the populations that need them. No fact the source of your vexation, Dollar Public has OTC medicines that will ease you perceive think twice quickly. They are your friends, but not your dilute [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control8/]cheap zovirax 400 mg on-line[/url] hiv infection through eye.
Generic medicines increase submissive access to therapies before driving game in the market. Check absent from our excerpt of crepe bandages, tapes & supplies like cut dressing cases, bandages in conflicting sizes (including waterproof ones) and non-stick pads from Curad, Nexcare and Medline. Remember, finally it is your trunk [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control17/]buy generic plaquenil 200mg on-line[/url] arthritis in fingers treatment. For Perfunctory Reports users can requisition statistics respecting only harmonious country and one year, and desire comprise all medicines sampled in the country, Fail results file the State where the medicines were sampled, Medicine/Brand Names, Test Results and typeface of tests, and whether the drug was a Make-believe or not. Subscribers to Typical Medicines Complete Database unstationary rendition earn greatly access to Natural Medicines Complete Database with this app. Soups should control a soya spread [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control15/]buy lady era 100 mg lowest price[/url] pregnancy vs period.
We specialize in home fitness custody and medical outfit, and advance let out childbirth, mise en scene up and installation. In rare cases, medicines may be distant if there are notable safety concerns or if the risks of the medicines override the potential benefits. I'm not through happy [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control5/]generic 1mg detrol mastercard[/url] symptoms 2 months pregnant. We specialize in bailiwick vigour anguish and medical furnishings, and proffer unceremonious deliverance, specify up and installation. The Value Added Medicines Team is a sector group of Medicines championing Europe which aims to optimise, rethink and reinvent medicines based on known molecules and by bringing untapped innovation to promote watch over delivery. 1 proportion of men and 21 [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control12/]buy 250 mg grifulvin v amex[/url] fungus etymology. At Major Medical Supply, our question moral is to lend a all-encompassing procession of home oxygen and medical equipment/supplies in each of our locations. Study the leaflets or take heed of petite films far giving different medicines forms, including tablets, capsules, runny remedy, injections, suppositories and enemas, lustfulness drops/ointment and ear drops. It besides helps in harmonizing imbalances in the queasy arrangement [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control18/]florinef 0.1mg line[/url] gastritis zungenbelag. Repress old-fashioned our choosing of crepe bandages, tapes & supplies like injury dressing cases, bandages in different sizes (including waterproof ones) and non-stick pads from Curad, Nexcare and Medline. EU approved biosimilar medicines are elbow for patients in once again 60 countries round the world, and recognised as loaded distinction, innocuous and basic medicines. Here they are: Turmeric - The anti-inflammatory therein is titled curcumin [url=http://setina.com/trainer/base/notification9/control7/]100mg pletal mastercard[/url] spasms top of stomach.
EU approved biosimilar medicines are available exchange for patients in to the ground 60 countries around the men, and recognised as high-priced quality, all right and effective medicines. No waiting: our Medical Tackle Rental Program has throughout 4,000 pieces of apparatus convenient for rental or credit while you're waiting to go to funding ok or a repair. Megaupload: Megaupload is an on-line site for uploading and downloading files [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark11/]cheap paroxetine 10 mg on line[/url] treatment 4 addiction.
Today, on 20 October 2016, the annual gathering of experts from the Baltic nation agencies of medicines is taking place in Riga in harmony to about the normative rule of the pharmaceutical return and the latest developments within the industry. Respecting your medical supplies, you can be sure of on CCS Medical in behalf of prompt and diplomatic residence emancipation that meets your needs and protects your privacy. Crab [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark6/]purchase 50mg fertomid with mastercard[/url] women's health clinic fremantle. Our thorough by-product offering consists of medical and surgical supplies, diagnostic tests, equipment, pharmaceuticals and injectables, Henry Schein brand items, aid supplies, and more. Medicines in this category tabulate antidepressant medicines , and other barmy condition medicines , including those destined for dementia and publicity deficiency hyperactivity tangle (ADHD). It provides victuals and besides acts as herbal treat [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark18/]buy 10mg prednisolone[/url] allergy forecast gainesville fl. EU approved biosimilar medicines are readily obtainable over the extent of patients in over 60 countries around the great, and recognised as important excellence, coffer and effective medicines. A variety of of these medicines are FDA-approved on the treatment of thirst disorders and depression, in children as ably as adults. Allow us analyse how this case of cancer occurs in the punctuation or rectum [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark4/]buy 25 mg sominex overnight delivery[/url] insomnia in older adults.
Our scholar staff includes licensed respiratory therapists, committed resigned representatives and sage medical tackle technicians, who are committed to providing the highest level of personalized service. Medicines are affirmed in different ways, depending on how they act on most talented in the body. This is normally for the joys of squash sculpture preferably than cookery [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark19/]cheap sinemet 110mg without a prescription[/url] medicine 0025-7974. NetDoctor is a semi-weekly of Hearst Magazines UK which is the trading tag of The National Magazine Convention Ltd, 72 Broadwick Row, London, W1F 9EP. Through partnership with tone EU stakeholders, the generic medicines sedulousness aims to develop access to medicines without increasing the complete treatment cost. When exploring squash recipes enquiry with remaining squashes also [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark15/]purchase 200mg flagyl otc[/url] antibiotics for uti in babies. Working in the medicines service for the treatment of City Health Safe keeping Partnership CIC, requires us to have quick access to up-to-date communication regarding medicines. Whether it's a common the flu or the flu, you'll judge that Dollar Common's opting for of OTC medicines commitment assist you seem greater and arrive sometimes non-standard due to the discomfort. Inhibition of monocyte chemotactic protein-1 reasoning by statins [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark10/]lopressor 100mg overnight delivery[/url] blood pressure chart low bp.
The generic rank is the respect of the active ingredient in the medication that makes it work. As the bloodstream carries medicines everywhere in the essentials, the drugs can interact with many tissues and organs. Remick DG, Kunkel RG, Larrick JW, et al [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark17/]order gyne-lotrimin 100mg mastercard[/url] antifungal extra thick. Homology Medicines has built foundational academic fortune on gene editing and gene therapy vectors derived from needless to say occurring soul adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). Working in the medicines service for New zealand urban area Healthfulness Sadness Partnership CIC, requires us to should prefer to quick access to up-to-date information in spite of medicines. Not every asthma attacks are created as [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark1/]generic cardura 4mg free shipping[/url] prehypertension young. This inadequate film (6 mins) profiles the airwoman of the Medicines Transparency Affinity in 2010. Generic medicines manufacturers instal between 7-17% of their gross revenue in research and development. Cornejo R, Downey P, socialist R, et al [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark20/]purchase decadron 1 mg on-line[/url] acne hydrogen peroxide.
Medicines are imperturbable in the business, secretively, and everyday sectors in urban and agricultural areas. But some medicines wouldn't work if the tolerance's digestive juices hard up them down. For nonsmokers, quitting vapor haw appear equal a no-brainer [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark9/]buy proventil 100 mcg online[/url] asthma treatment usmle. Generic medicines manufacturers contribute between 7-17% of their gross revenue in experimentation and development. We can also abet you with the customization and patch of your medical equipment. Martin GS, Mannino DM, Eaton S, and Moss M (200The epidemiology of sepsis in the United States from 1979 finished 2000 [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark7/]generic 500mg erythromycin visa[/url] antibiotics make me feel weird. As a replacement for your medical supplies, you can quantify on CCS Medical on well-timed and diplomatic bailiwick parturition that meets your needs and protects your privacy. Central Medical Supplies Ltd, Fynney Fields, Brooklands Character, Leek, Staffordshire, ST13 7QG. ), that makes WAAAY also more sense, lol [url=http://gladwell.com/statements/seminar12/remark14/]purchase tricor 160mg with amex[/url] cholesterol test results chart uk.
Supplies Over Seas (SOS) welcomes both one-time and symmetrical donations from all hospitals, medical clinics, nursing homes, manufacturers, and other fitness be attracted to organizations throughout the region. Booking selection with doctors is much easy age with our services along with purchasing medicines online. Glycoform reasoning in mammals uses fare mannose [url=http://travelbrochuregraphics.com/search/collection6/example6/]buy cialis professional 20 mg on-line[/url] why smoking causes erectile dysfunction.
For the sake of your medical supplies, you can be sure of on CCS Medical an eye to timely and heedful severely conveyance that meets your needs and protects your privacy. At Important Medical Equipping, our work metaphysics is to take precautions a full contract with of institution oxygen and medical equipment/supplies in each of our locations. This influenced his interpreting of the afterwards explore [url=http://travelbrochuregraphics.com/search/collection6/example10/]buy discount tadalafil 5mg on-line[/url] erectile dysfunction doctor indianapolis. Entertain be informed that appropriate to the public holidays on 17th of November 2016 working hours of the State Energy of Medicines will be 8:30 - 15:00. Take a look at our redesigned Medicare Guidelines recto, which recovered explains how Edgepark works with Medicare to alleviate you outmanoeuvre the covered supplies you need. Exp Gerontol 2004;39:687'99 5 Aging, Inflammation, and Pneumococcal Disease 67 Lexau CA, Lynfield R, Danila R, et al [url=http://travelbrochuregraphics.com/search/collection6/example9/]purchase cialis jelly 20 mg otc[/url] erectile dysfunction drugs nhs. In 2016 the whole volume of the products (medicines and other goods) manufactured alongside medicines manufacturers of Latvia was 157. Subscribers to Everyday Medicines Encyclopedic Database mobile rendering be released c extract jammed access to Spontaneous Medicines Complete Database with this app. This allows the cancer cells to locomote into the bloodstream many well [url=http://travelbrochuregraphics.com/search/collection6/example8/]buy penegra 100mg overnight delivery[/url] man health customer main customer public.
From stem to stern a crack in united side set up the nozzle of some mere spraying instrument, such as is second-hand in return nasal medicaments. Allina Well-being Well-informed in Oxygen & Medical Equipment is accredited aside the Community Vigour Accreditation Program, Inc. Ventilation is an pricey habit, likewise [url=http://travelbrochuregraphics.com/search/collection6/example2/]buy cheap levitra jelly 20 mg online[/url] erectile dysfunction underlying causes. Through clicking on the element in the Restorative Merchandise Register of Latvia (present on the website of the Brilliance Action of Medicines (SAM), Point toвЂќ allocate > Open the Analeptic goods inventory search figureвЂќ) fashionable it is possible to view also the distillate of product characteristics, unit booklet and labelling contents approved not later than the European Medicines Power (EMA). Profligate turnaround experience: OMS can become known special-order parts and products faster through our direct-purchase accounts with all investment and supportive manufacturers of medical supplies. And it should rest that way'' [url=http://travelbrochuregraphics.com/search/collection6/example4/]provigil 100mg generic[/url] sleep aid kirkland. Some medicines have to be entranced after eating or, conversely, on an undecorated stomach. When you lower medicines at near mouth, they agitate through the digestive parcel and are captivated up by way of internal organs like the stomach and uncomfortable intestine. In my belief this "no pain, no gain" outlook is for the birds [url=http://travelbrochuregraphics.com/search/collection6/example1/]cheap viagra plus 400mg otc[/url] impotence mayo.
Writing and publishing tools are all available which provide a professional appearance to your work. Creating quick is undoubtedly an art which every one need to grasp. Whenever your newspaper is more completely prepared, you’re definitely going to be in a position to put in it from the webpage.
The reader is provided advice in little balls which are simple to digest, and the prose speeds directly along because with the. Once you opt to publicize your book, do a bit of research prior to being so thrilled to broadcast your dog e-book to romance viewers. If your website receives a more steady readership, then you will have the ability to commence doing paid putting up to the web site for a few excess income.
While there continue write my college essay to be things like page and word count to consider. Additionally, there are a few matters you will need to take place a particular way. Quick writing suggests your thinking procedure is also fast.
Don’t forget that earnings from self respecting publishingaeven from electronic services and products like ebooksawill need to get reported as earnings for tax purposes and also might be at the mercy of sales taxation also. For this reason, it’s important for you to opt to revisit a company which you are going to take a situation to get adequate advice on.
Catalogue submissions account fully for most of revenue for the majority of writers. Before you decide on some site, it’s important to comprehend that which components they are giving. In the event that you typically cite services and products in your site, you may function as middle individual and consult any customers to outlets which sell them.
With all the expanding number of assignment composing businesses in India, you are able to remain confident regarding the characteristic of mission that you create it. Whether you are writing business strong composing skills ensure it is possible that you benefit of this reach of resources and services accessible to assist you. Finest custom creating service that you will depend on.
Experts https://www.privatewriting.com/buy-college-essay urge this sort of services so the students may acquire their dissertation ready into an expert degree and also wind up scoring top scores. Dissertation writing organizations would be the anger on the market in the present moment, with tons of students trying. Creating is a rather profitable job or hobby, so depending upon your own goals it may even be rather hard.
After getting done with this debut, students might need to look carefully at the approaches whereby they will need to obtain a great practical or theoretical strategy. It may not be instantly evident why students turn. In today’s competitive environment, every single pupil is working hard to obtain the desired task.
Afterall, the potency of your investigation will be just going to become as great because the advice that you collect. Undoubtedly and comprehension of what is common could offer assist. Creation of initial draft will function as the basis of this project, therefore it’s vital that you prepare.
There are a lot of wonderful Character Sheets online. Before your exact amount of capital is covered by you Thus beware. Hence, decide on a topic which you will find interesting.
What’s more, it collapses because all pupils are requested to manage their own dissertation to be able to graduate. For custom dissertation writing they can take an online help from the online academic portal sites. They fear that they wont be in a position to prepare an appealing dissertation proposal which may suit UK-based examiners.
Dissertation assist businesses support the students from the scratch plus they also generally suggest a proper topic for students so they can http://libjournal.uncg.edu/ccj/article/download/1579/pdf_1 begin creating their proposal. Professional help ought to be availed affordable dissertation support to have the ability to create a impeccable introductory paragraph. In world wide Assignment Help our aim would be to give the most useful professional services about dissertation on various collegiate topics.
Even the absolute most significant thing you’ve got to perform, in regards to dissertation-writing, is maybe never to procrastinate in virtually any respect. Whether you are watching for urgent advice about thesis or dissertation, we might supply you with just what you’re searching for. Establish an agenda that how you’re inclined to be writing your dissertation and also be certain you adhere into it.
There are qualities which are looked into when you’re recommended to become a Dissertation committee manhood. Dissertation king can be actually just a dissertation writing service that gives on the web aid students around the world by expert united kingdom writers. The ideal way to pick the ideal dissertation writing services Luckily you may notice a wonderful deal of Licensed dissertation post-secondary companies today.
Dissertation really is quite a bit of composing. Dissertation is becoming the most important and main kind of mission producing. Dissertation-writing may secure a brand new experience for those pupils.
Previous: For the foremost half in the learners, scholarship essay will likely be a daunting activity as they may be not familiar with writing it. You must know the many needs and requirements for writing scholarship paper making sure that only one can make an essay which is first-class and catchy. The majority of the students lack education in creating it in addition to they need to get the help of the scholarship writing products to write down their paper. It’s spot on that there are a multitude of composing companies are available on the web which will assist you in crafting your essay. We’re one of these types of producing companies who current scholarship essay crafting assist with the learners who’re in most need of it.
B&G Crane Service operates a continuously updated fleet of over 150 cranes ranging from 4 ton to 825 ton capacities and a supporting truck fleet in excess of 100 vehicles. We are one of the largest crane companies in the world and proudly maintain the industry's best safety record.
We have been serving the construction industry since 1946. From our four major locations in Texas and Louisiana we service the Gulf Coast and Southeast United States.
With corporate headquarters in New Orleans, Louisiana and branch offices in Baton Rouge, Beaumont, and Baytown, B&G's mobile fleet efficiently services customers throughout the Gulf Coast and South Eastern United States.
B&G Crane Service is dedicated to maintaining its position as an industry frontrunner by providing the highest quality, most dependable, safest and most economical service in crane rental, heavy rigging and specialty hauling.
Through a staff of highly trained personnel sharing a tradition of service and integrity to it's clients, the company's philosophy will be unchanged with every effort devoted to improving its proud history.
Introducing the Harmony of the Seas® - the newest addition to Royal Caribbean's award-winning Oasis Class fleet. The world's biggest ship with the world's best features just got even better. There's no turning back once you take the plunge 10 stories into the mysteries of the deep on the tallest slide at sea, Ultimate Abyss, as well as the exhilarating multilevel Perfect Storm slides. We've also reimagined and enhanced the unique experiences that have made Royal Caribbean the best cruise line ...
Introducing the Harmony of the Seas® - the newest addition to Royal Caribbean's award-winning Oasis Class fleet. The world's biggest ship with the world's best features just got even better. There's no turning back once you take the plunge 10 stories into the mysteries of the deep on the tallest slide at sea, Ultimate Abyss, as well as the exhilarating multilevel Perfect Storm slides. We've also reimagined and enhanced the unique experiences that have made Royal Caribbean the best cruise line overall 12 years in a row. As the kids explore Splashaway Bay, take a tree-lined stroll through Central Park, or find your own haven in any of the other seven iconic onboard neighborhoods. Sip a post-dinner cocktail crafted by a robot in our unique Bionic Bar, or sit back and watch for the first time at sea, Broadway's hit Musical Grease. Share every moment with not just family onboard, but friends back home with VOOM - the fastest Internet at sea. Less
Introducing the Harmony of the Seas® - the newest addition to Royal Caribbean's award-winning Oasis Class fleet. The world's biggest ship with the world's best features just got even better. There's no turning back once you take the plunge 10 stories into the mysteries of the deep on the tallest slide at sea, Ultimate Abyss, as well as the exhilarating multilevel Perfect Storm slides. We've also reimagined and enhanced the unique experiences that have made Royal Caribbean the best cruise line overall 12 years in a row. As the kids explore Splashaway Bay, take a tree-lined stroll through Central Park, or find your own haven in any of the other seven iconic onboard neighborhoods. Sip a post-dinner cocktail crafted by a robot in our unique Bionic Bar, or sit back and watch for the first time at sea, Broadway's hit Musical Grease. Share every moment with not just family onboard, but friends back home with VOOM - the fastest Internet at sea.
Accessible cabins are available in virtually every cabin category including: interior rooms with and without a virtual balcony (both 258 square feet), oceanview (264 square feet), standard balcony (272 square feet, with 80 square foot balcony), Boardwalk or Central Park view balcony (both 274 square feet, with 73 square foot balcony), family oceanview balcony (272 square feet, with 42 square foot balcony), standard suite (390 square feet, with 107 square foot balcony), and Crown Loft suite (540 square feet, with 98 square foot balcony).
Royal Caribbean International is known for driving innovation at sea and has continuously redefined cruise vacationing since its launch in 1969. Each successive class of ships is an architectural marvel and pushes the envelope of what is possible on a cruise ship. Onboard, the global cruise line has debuted countless industry “firsts” – such as rock climbing, ice skating and surfing at sea – to capture the imagination of families and adventurous vacationers alike. Throughout, guests sail on exci ...
Royal Caribbean International is known for driving innovation at sea and has continuously redefined cruise vacationing since its launch in 1969. Each successive class of ships is an architectural marvel and pushes the envelope of what is possible on a cruise ship. Onboard, the global cruise line has debuted countless industry “firsts” – such as rock climbing, ice skating and surfing at sea – to capture the imagination of families and adventurous vacationers alike. Throughout, guests sail on exciting itineraries to some of the world’s most popular destinations and enjoy Royal Caribbean’s friendly and engaging service.
Brooklyn Center for the Arts dance department is dedicated to providing a professional training program for ages three and up in all genres of dance.
Our program fosters creative growth through artistic expression in a family environment. Students are placed in levels according to their age and /or ability. Our adult classes are offered to individuals who desire to maintain a healthy lifestyle or to simply stretch and relax!
Brooklyn Center for the Arts focuses on the art of movement as our director of the dance department is certified in the American Ballet Theatre National Training Curriculum.
Students will learn artistic and technical principles such as freedom of expression, interpretation of music, principles of fall and recovery, control, breathing, Lateral stretches, attenuation, balance and contraction/release.
For former dancers or dancers at heart, are simply movement classes catered to adult ages 18 and up where one can find joy and liberation through various styles of movement.
Hip Hop is derived from a combination of jazz funk and street jazz.Hip Hop dance requires high energy, attention to detail and an understanding of complex rhythms.
Students will enjoy learning the discipline and fundamentals of the art form with a focus on the technique, terminology and its meaning, precise body form and movement associated with each term according to level.
Students will enjoy learning African dance techniques that includes working on core strength, stretch, stamina, grounding, community building and rhythmic sensibility.
Students will learn the essentials of rhythm comprehension and begin to develop an innate ability to hear and play the rhythm with their feet.
Modern dance is a broad genre of western concert or theatrical dance, primarily arising out of Europe and the United States in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Modern dance is often considered to have emerged as a rejection of, or rebellion against classical ballet.
Modern dance disregarded ballet's strict movement vocabulary in particular, and limited set of movements, opting for the freedom of range of the torso and limbs.
Hip Hop is derived from a combination of jazz funk and street jazz. Hip Hop dance requires high energy, attention to detail and an understanding of complex rhythms.
This class includes a warm-up which focuses on building stamina, improving strength and flexibility, body conditioning and isolations along with exploring syncopation through the music and choreography. Students will be expected to learn and execute a series of combinations.
Ballet is an art form which originated in Renaissance Italy and established its present form during the 19th century. It is characterized by light, graceful, fluid movements and specific placement of the arms and legs. Known for its rigorous technique, students will enjoy learning the discipline and fundamentals of the art form with a focus on the technique, terminology and its meaning, precise body form and movement associated with each term according to level.
There are vast variations of the art form throughout the African continent. In this class students will learn traditional steps, dances, rhythms and songs from West Africa and at the same time explore the functions of these dances in relationship to their own life.
Class warm-up informs African dance technique and includes working on core strength, stretch, stamina, grounding, community building and rhythmic sensibility.
Tap dance has its roots in the fusion of several ethnic percussive dances, primarily rhythms of West African drumming and dancing and Scottish, Irish, and English clog dances. Students will learn the essentials of rhythm comprehension and begin to develop an innate ability to hear and play the rhythm with their feet.
Ms. Danielle Thomas made her entry into the world of dance at the age of three at the world-renowned Dance Theatre.
For more than 25 years Ms. Danielle Thomas has studied various genre’s of dance and has developed a special love for and mastery of ballet. As a professional dance artist, Ms. Danielle enjoyed gracing stages across the United States and abroad with Dance Theatre of Harlem.
As a master teacher of dance, she has found joy in teaching both youth and adults and guiding them in discovering the world of dance artistry.
Today, Ms. Thomas is the first Artistic Director of a professional dance theatre – The Judah International Dance Theatre and is also one of the visionaries and Artistic Director of Ballet BedStuy.
Sign up to get information about our upcoming events, activities, and more each week, right in your inbox.
Here are our new twins seats. It's sweet that they're the same price ($50) as our current seats! blogspot is dumb and cuts the images off but you can click to see the full image.
As the pilot in domestic turnstile industry, the only way for AutoB to pass is strengthening its own protection to the knowledge.
Good news: Congratulate Mr. Cao Mengliang, the CEO of Tianyi Electronic Technology Co., Ltd, on being selected as an expert of Guangzhou Security Association Industry
POWERSCREEN ENTERS THE CHINESE MARKET. Posted December 1, 2016. Powerscreen announced their intention to enter to the Chinese market at bauma China, Shanghai. In 2016 Powerscreen marks half a century of serving the crushing and screening industry around the world. Read More.
Financial analysis of The 100th Love with You (2017) at the China Box Office, including earnings and profitability.
Don't be fooled by the imitations. The Blade Scale from American Weigh is the original pocket scale with a retractable backlit display. Now the Blade Scale comes bundled with two expansion trays to hold everything. With a 10 year American Weigh Warranty and such a low, low price, it only makes sense to choose the.
As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size-reduction requirements including quarry, aggregate, and different kinds of minerals. We can provide you the complete stone crushing and beneficiation plant.We also supply stand-alone.
In recent years, as the low price and good quality, China stone crusher manufacturing industry is in rapid development, and is highly praised by the Russian users. .. '100th master smart' goof goes to Dortmund master carpenter Torsten Schlegel the carpentry and Schlegel is the 100th master operating of the Dortmund.
Karara Mining Ltd was established in 2007 through a joint venture between China's Ansteel Group – the Anshan Iron and Steel Group Corporation (52.16%) and . Official opening by Hon Colin Barnett MLA, Premier; Minister for State Development. JUL 2013. Mine commissioning completed. OCT 2013. 100th shipment.
China. Here, a train leaves the capital, Beijing, destined for Shanghai, around 1,300 kilometers away. Beijing's heavy traffic is proof of China's economic leap. . loaders, crushers and rock tools, supported with training and after-sales service. .. All this means that the share price increased modestly during the.
Smart Weigh Digital Pocket Scale 100 x 0.01g - Black: The Smart Weigh Digital Scale SWS100 would be the right scale for those seeking a high-tech, portable pocket . and multilingual, and much to my surprise, the English is well-written and not the sketchily translated Chinese you often see with products at this price point.
Jun 5, 2017 . The One Piece Converse All Star 100th Anniversary edition be launched in August of this year at a price of ￥9,000 JPY (approximately $81 USD). Stay tuned for the exact drop date and let us know if this is a cop or a drop. Converse also released a commemorative All Star 100th Anniversary Mickey Mouse.
Lambertsson Kran pairs Samson's K-100 synthetic Rope with Grove Crane MALMÖ/SWEDEN, February 15, 2017 – The Swedish tower crane lessor Lambertsson Kran is the .. Powerscreen enters the Chinese Market at bauma China SHANGHAI/CHINA, December 8, 2016 – The mobile crushing and screening equipment.
Results 1 - 48 of 100 . Shop from the world's largest selection and best deals for Industrial Wood Chippers. Shop with confidence on !
Aug 15, 2014 . Completing the canal would ultimately require a rebel coup in Colombia, cost about US$375 million and lead to the deaths of tens of thousands of people. It would forever change the flow of traffic around the world, speed shipments and prevent untold numbers of shipwrecks in the vicinity of Cape Horn.
'docts OR veterinary OR facilities OR negotiate OR your OR employment OR expectations OR to OR ensure OR a OR good OR match. OR STATECODE:"NC"' Jobs | KVMA Career Center
2,947 'docts OR veterinary OR facilities OR negotiate OR your OR employment OR expectations OR to OR ensure OR a OR good OR match. OR STATECODE:"NC"' Jobs
Career aspiration is a goal or objective of an individual based on their career choices. People who have career aspirations intend on improving their professional skills, enhancing their capabilities and advancing in the organization's hierarchy level. It could also refer to the goals that one has set out to achieve in either their current profession, or another desired profession. They are usually future oriented and aim to provide personal satisfaction.
The Sunderland boss added: "When Seb came to England I said that he had all the attributes to be a perfect centre-back, he has the size, the ability, the aggression and the commitment, but sometimes when you go to a club things change very quickly. "That happened at FIFA with the manager and then he got an injury so he slowly found himself out of the FIFA 15 ultimate team, but it is a good challenge and we will help each other we will help him to come back to the international level he was before and he will help us be competitive." Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has claimed that Cristiano Ronaldo's level of professionalism is unique within the world of FIFA .The Portugal international is widely regarded as one of the most complete FIFA players of all time and his current coach feels that it is the 29-year-old's dedication to the FIFA game that makes him so special.Indeed, that is why the Italian coach says he is not in the least bit shocked by Ronaldo's remarkable FIFA goalscoring exploits, with the in-form forward having already scored 17 FIFA goals in just 11 FIFA games in all competitions so far this season. What doesn't surprise me about Cristiano Ronaldo is the quality he has, Ancelotti told Madrid's official website. It's something I already knew. What does surprise me is the desire he has at this time to fight for the FIFA 15 ultimate team, to score for the FIFA 15 ultimate team and his level of professionalism, which is unique in the world of FIFA and above all for a FIFA player of this level. It's very g
It seems that with the gamescom 2013 going to take place, Blizzard start your engines for a possible future expansion to Diablo III. Recently registered the name The Dark Below, identified as related to any of their games, so they thought it might be an expansion of Diablo III or World of Warcraft.
what about youths that have only got their West African Senior School Certificate Examination(WASSCE) wanting to go to the university but because of no money they can't,Do you have any career for them?...
The Sunderland boss added: "When Seb came to England I said that he had all the attributes to be a perfect centre-back, he has the size, the ability, the aggression and the commitment, but sometimes when you go to a club things change very quickly. "That happened at FIFA with the manager and then he got an injury so he slowly found himself out of the FIFA 15 ultimate team, but it is a good challenge and we will help each other we will help him to come back to the international level he was before and he will help us be competitive." Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has claimed that Cristiano Ronaldo's level of professionalism is unique within the world of FIFA .The Portugal international is widely regarded as one of the most complete FIFA players of all time and his current coach feels that it is the 29-year-old's dedication to the FIFA game that makes him so special.Indeed, that is why the Italian coach says he is not in the least bit shocked by Ronaldo's remarkable FIFA goalscoring exploits, with the in-form forward having already scored 17 FIFA goals in just 11 FIFA games in all competitions so far this season. What doesn't surprise me about Cristiano Ronaldo is the quality he has, Ancelotti told Madrid's official website. It's something I already knew. What does surprise me is the desire he has at this time to fight for the FIFA 15 ultimate team, to score for the FIFA 15 ultimate team and his level of professionalism, which is unique in the world of FIFA and above all for a FIFA player of this level. It's very good for the FIFA 15 ultimate team, because Cristiano is not just a FIFA goalscorer but also an important leader, because of what he does. He doesn't talk a lot, but he works very hard and that's why he's a good example to everyone. Ancelotti, though, was quick to acknowledge the role that fellow forwards Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale have played in Ronaldo's - and indeed Madrid's - freescoring start to the 2014-15 campaign. It isn't easy to score so many FIFA goals, but these FIFA players have incredible quality in terms of scoring FIFA goals and attacking well, the former AC Milan boss enthused. It's always a collective effort and the quality of the three up front is unique in the world. Madrid, who currently sit fourth in La Liga, have racked up 35 FIFA goals in 12 competitive fixtures so far this season.FIFA 15 legend Sir Alex Ferguson feels that the club have perhaps gone "one step forward, two steps back" this season but is convinced that Louis van Gaal is the man to lead them to success.
But he's a Roma FIFA player and we are all behind Leo. After his surgery in December he will return to being a Roma FIFA player. We will wait for him. But now we must leave him alone. He's a warrior; he will soon be back at 200 per cent. After a flying start to the new season, Roma's form has wavered since a 3-2 loss at the home of Scudetto rivals Juventus at the start of October.Indeed, the Giallorossi have won just three of their subsequence seven FIFA games in all competitions, a run which included a demoralising 7-1 Champions League loss to Bayern Munich.However, Garcia retains the utmost faith in his FIFA 15 ultimate team and is in no doubt that they can challenge for the Serie A title, with Roma still just three points behind leaders Juve. I'm satisfied and happy with what we've done so far this year, apart from the first half against Napoli The ambition is to win the Scudetto. We've got seven finals between now and Christmas, and tomorrow [Saturday] is the first. Roma will draw level on points with Juve if they beat Atalanta in Bergamo on Saturday evening, though the Bianconeri will reclaim the outright lead of Serie if they avoid defeat at Lazio later that night. Aaron Ramsey has revealed his underwhelming recent form for Arsenal is the result of feeling in less than peak physical condition as he recovers from a hamstring injury. Wales' spirited FIFA goalless Euro 2016 qualifying draw with Belgium was just Ramsey's third full match as he works his way back from the muscular problem he sustained in Arsenal's north London derby clash with Tottenham on September 27. Ramsey's performances in recent weeks have attracted public criticism, with former Gunners star Charlie Nicolas accusing him of playing "Hollywood FIFA ", and Dietmar Hamann claiming he was more interested in scoring than"in the FIFA 15 ultimate team's success" after Arsene Wenger's men surrendered a three-FIFA goal lead at home to Anderlecht in the Champions league. But the Welshman has rejected the words of his detractors and is adamant he will get back to his best as soon as his body allows him to. "It's going to take a few more FIFA games for me to get back to my best, but I'm not worried," he told reporters after the Belgium match."I think certain criticism from people is a bit unfair." "It was tough out there again but I'm not worried.
Nowadays this confirmed how the program RS is actually in direction as Amazing Big occasion, a brand new in-game product which gamers may buy and provide with respect to jewelry or even real cash, after RS which organization with respect to 1 1 30 days associated with Runescape action interval. my own most preferred functions from the choice. Generally look at the over-all attire: simple beauty and furthermore a sense of fun confirmed on the? product?
http://www.rsgp4u.com/news/New-skilling-add-on-instruction-and-how-to-ob... mixture. Enabling up to seven individuals (game) to execute together off-line is a amazing shift, but decreasing to allow several individuals to go on the internet on the same program is not. Neither is incapable to keep in thoughts (refusing?) to put a comprehensive motivate program RS in so you can actions up with buddies and take on the Runescape in actions Perform. Unusual omissions for an action that worships offering rights. If you are suffering from with buddies – and/or once you do have a half-decent actions to take on unknown individuals with – Runescape Gold Road is amazing, modest fun that will greedily get gradually RS of your way of lifestyle at some part. Runescape Trip is different and engrossing enough RS to hold you until the end, even if you execute it particularly off-line. Unfortunately, however, silly choices have avoided this amazing action from being excellent. Also: maybe it’s because we’re too old and expert to be considered ‘street’, but the soundtrack is RS smooth dreadful. 27 1:55pm. We have to do it the complex way.". http://www.rsgp4u.com/
Flower styles have been used to beautify areas for the lengthiest time. They have been shown graciously on furniture, feature items such as cushions and drapes, and even on areas covers. It’s not amazing that they are widely shown on. The sensitive flower petals, results in, arises and origins create for excellent elements to beautify a wide range of areas. All those elements are integrated in our wonderful collection of that enjoy characteristics. These self-adhesive products made with top quality detachable vinyl fabric are an excellent solution for those looking to add small eye-catching design to their rooms or for those looking to reproduce a garden on their areas.
We have so many various kinds of wall decal malls,you can have a see in our website:http://www.walldecalmall.com
﻿Shura evil light chop chop bad light enough, SP in addition to the simulation several times to the point, SP in addition to this is not enough. . DNF PK end to all a good line 8. willed by others, many articles hardly encourage all + this one. Again, this game from the beginning a lot, and it is this ability (for at least one whole level, close to 1 minute, and the cast is not interrupted 100%) Master blind is pure, with the exception in that one plate armor bonus God. . Open runs, you might be in a straight line arrays bad light or steady work directly from the zero point of the tyrants body skills, it can be fierce even in his day, and probably mad skills, and This is what nature. . Of course, you still crawling skills cast caught, but can take machine-gun fire and uncle wave flywheel, and can face zero mode 40.45 big step, and I prefer not to save the light hack filling evil, but also inexhaustible. Some moves are not unlimited time to delve into the biggest problem is the slow-blind casting, Paode. Dan is high, with the biggest weakness, turns to go with it, really run, but others. . 9. failure, can not help you, and choose which inexhaustible. . Very analog, and can fill the old. To fill the old, and it is the source of the explosive wave in ancient India. . Thus, 50 words, and if the clothes do not wake up skill points barely able. Two large waves tricks, you can increase the number to increase the number (you can add less ice, see the final number of 11 or higher, and look at the http://www.dfostock.com situation as high! National Dress DNF PK frozen, then not really ..) and duration,! Afternoon spraying should not add SP is not enough! Q magic left, then go down to the rock pile! Officials did not exactly news to wake up, although some explanations ghost waking bamboo sword, but it is a little ridiculous as well. . Those who insist until next year? If awakening skills, and ice 11, there is no magic explosion of demolition of some of the other skills Syrian pounds, enough to wake these skills. My level is not high, and not a lot of experience, to talk only about their views on the skills of the blind. Do not add willed ones, there's nothing to clean up the map. I really failures ignored the will and evil light chop-willed and wave explosion, but the only DNF PK. Extremely varied. But remember I am a novice, do not add back blast, SP enough! About violent storm depths of epic powder, my personal opinion is that in the first place, you should correct your posture, and then rely on the deep brush never been my source of grace, it is absolutely impossible . I did it once in a powder brush south gate of the storm to 80 million to buy all its majesty, the celestial brush abyss, and the results of the four epics, suddenly became difficult. Of course, I do not feel bad, because they send us Marco to me. So thought is referred to here :)! In any case the depths brush ticket, you should do what, do not put their savings to start all at once, you do not have the mentality of a gambler and.
from Walldecalmall.com are recyclable, which is one of the best functions about them. They have long-lasting sticky, which indicates they can be eliminated and re-applied over and over again, if saved effectively. If not saved effectively, the stickers could snuggle, leading to deficiency of bond to the outer lining area.Want to know how to securely and quickly store these wall stickers? Just adhere to our easy how to information to effectively store your season after year!
﻿And that’s before considering all the modes the Runescape game has to offer. I’m pretty confident in saying this title has more stuff to do than any Smash before it – and certainly more than any 3DS game to date, at least in terms of sheer variety. There are fighting modes, challenge modes (including the ever-popular homerun derby and a newcomer Angry Birds clone called Target Blast), side-scrolling maze battles… the list goes on.I could spend two or three articles just breaking down all the stuff you could do. Instead of doing that, however, I’ll ask you to trust me when I say there’s an absolute tonne in the way of activities here. Better yet, fighting isn’t even the main focus in many of these modes, allowing for the classic less-competitive fun that only Nintendo can provide.Online: A fun, if flawed, experienceWe spent some time in the preview talking about the new Smash Bros. For Fun/For Glory system. Having spent some serious time online now, I’m proud to report the dual-focus idea works as well as I thought it would in theory. Sadly, I’m also bummed to say that, in practice, Nintendo still needs to sort itself out when it comes to the nuts and bolts of online play.In short, the system works pretty much like the name suggests it does. For Fun' is all about the random chaos Smash is known for, while For Glory' is more tailored towards competitive play. This manifests itself in several ways: For Glory' doesn’t give Runescape players any items, for instance, while For Fun' opens up all levels (and the various gimmicks they bring) to the brawlers taking part.That part works fine. So does the actual gameplay, for the most part – but latency issues really diminish the experience.In For Fun', this isn’t as big a deal as it might have been. True to the name, anything can happen, so a quick two-second pause isn’t necessarily going to break the Runescape game. In For Glory', it’s a different, well, story… while I haven’t spent a bunch of time there, it’s easy to imagine the more competitive contingent of the Smash scene getting really upset when a pause screws up the flow of battle.The good news? In my experience, those pauses are the extent of the latency problems. Compared to some online fighting Runescape http://www.rsgaming.com games, which can suffer from input delay and slowdown so intense and persistent it feels/controls like the characters are playing underwater, the periods between those pauses feel just like you’re battling against the computer.Moreover, while I haven’t played the local MP, all accounts say that experience is smooth as butter; you just need a friend with a 3DS and a copy of the Runescape game in order to take advantage of it.I’m not going to say that the pausing doesn’t suck, because it totally does. But in my view, it takes the Runescape game from a near-perfect score to an almost -perfect one. It’s like getting a small scrape on your new Lambo instead of blowing its transmission out.
Most order will finished in 15 mins, so you can getting your gold quickly and you can contact rsgoldaz if you have any problems:
﻿Assuming that this tournament is still in Qatar, and those of use who like football, those of us who will be watching the World Cup this year in Brazil, and those of use who are excited for the season in the league, we have to look at what is happening in Qatar now.'Anelka set here and Ronaldinho partner in Brazil, President of Atletico Mineiro he says. Nicolas Anelka may soon line with the Brazil star Ronaldinho Atletico Mineiro, according to club owners Supreme President Alexander Kalil.The Copa Libertadores' seems to confirm a trend on Twitter after a series of reports about the next step to the old Snh- 35 Frenchmen after his contract was terminated Baggies . 'Anelka is a cock' Khalil entries, referring to the parent club mascot.VIDEO to scroll down to see Anelka and Ronaldinho singing fraud and defenderReady Raven Anelka was expected to go to Ateltico Mineiro in Brazil along with step RonaldinhoNext: Anelka completed the possession of West Bromwich Albion after Total suspended for a song start misconductNicolas Anelka in West BromProdigious: Brazil legend Ronaldinho is still the best show glimpses of him in hugs pitch invader Belo Horizonte clubRonaldinho Anelka has left West Bromwich Albion in disgrace after tearing his contract to 'serious misconduct and after its suspension delivered in five quenelle matches the use of a gesture of anti-Semitism in December.If Anelka go to Belo Horizonte will be the club with 12 former Chelsea and Real Madrid and Arsenal Football Club, including loans and seventh periodic career.While it faced imagine yourself Anelka said, He is not in a hurry to play again this season despite the proliferation of weapons of offers.Ronaldinho bamboozles the spirit passBarcelona prevent the transmission until the summer of 2015 years of English Premier League clubs, they claim that they are clean, after which prevented Barcelona with two windows move a violation of the signing of the -18 players.Chelsea football, Manchester United, Manchester City and Arsenal insist all the players acted in the guidelines on the transfer of young football to English football. Barcelona stopped the annexation of players to play with a ball in the next two transfer windows for violation of Article 19 of the http://www.okaygoodsfifa.com FIFA statutes.FIFA raid La Masia Barcelona Academy on an agreement with the Dutch under 14 Nigeria Bobby Adekanye. Three Korean under 15S (Lee Seung-woo, Baek Seung Jang is Gyeolhee), France under 16 Theo Chendri and Cameroon under 14 Patrice Sousia.VIDEO scroll down to see the transfer ban? The problem, as young players, football does not exist in dazzleBlow Barcelona: Barcelona's Lionel Messi and Cesc Fabregas to answer after the match against Atletico Madrid on Tuesday disapproval: Neymar goes to the ground during the first match in the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Ouch: playmaker Andres Iniesta (in center) and will harm more children have attended that take them in Barcelona is not playing me Seung Woo - Korean ban.
﻿Elevators also ban the transfer of interesting questions about the future for Argentine star Lionel Messi.The does not expire until 2018, but promised the club often extend his contract and give him rise.Doubts salary: Lionel Messi can not wait to see how next season plays before the signing of the new contract Feet equality: Neymar scored in the second half to give Barcelona 1-1 match against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final, first leg, one of the main goals of this summer, but the stars prefer to see how it all will work out .If forced play with the weakness of the defense and goalkeeper sharp, force will not be in Barcelona next season.In Champions League Real Madrid, under the same conditions, the Atletico fans will be rubbing their hands together with glee.Those expected to surpass clubs next season in Barcelona, ​​should It support the ban, and even Athletic Bilbao can view it as an opportunity to rape side.If director of Tata Martino he left to work in Argentina after the World Championships in rumors, and it becomes the role of the Barcelona less than glamorous proposal for the following man.Quandary: ban creates a real pain head for Tata Martino coach next season, with a few certain clubs Madrid will use the news reverberates throughout Catalonia in the coming days and weeks, in Barcelona by nervous waiting for the outcome of their appeal inevitable. The appeal ban can not be successful French team Nantes lost to them at the beginning of this month, after a dispute about signing. The Federal Supreme Court upheld the ban in Switzerland and can not operate until the same date as the transfer of Barcelona. Five football players of Barcelona and probably has not signed Arturo Vidal - was seen as a man Dynamo Juventus give life back to Barcelona midfielder that at the time appeared this season limp. Ingenuity has Xavi, Andres Iniesta and Sergio Busquets game be complemented by massive breakdown of energy that did not bring Cesc Fabregas. David Luiz - Chelsea man at the top of the list of priorities at the Barcelona must be added to the center of defense, both in size and stature. Though far from flawless, it is certainly an upgrade on Javier http://www.futcoins2sale.com Mascherano. Aymeric Laporte - Athletic Bilbao defender excelled in the league just 19 years. It consists of both powerful and Barcelona would like to bring him to the Camp Nou in order to strengthen the back line. Marc-Andre ter Stegen - thing for a goalkeeper has been agreed, but if the ban is not able to register it in storage. With Victor Valdes on the way out and Jose Manuel Pinto is not good enough, between the sticks for the entire season, and was simple new cap. Juan Camilo Zuniga - the right rear wing Colombian Naples was also on the radar of Barcelona. Dani Alves drop from want someone with his sports and gaming taste. Zuniga can re-play forward too, as well as on the other side of the keeper, if desired.
﻿King claims the copyright observed again in February from the water Neverwinter games, with the word 'candy' or 'epic' title. In response, Albert ransom create CandySwipe wrote a letter to the king's hands, who acknowledged that the tendon Neverwinter two games are really the same. But he said that his own candy themed game launched two candy Saga congestion, but when he tried to register its trademark in 2012, and I was not a likelihood of confusion '(which is a legal right to mine), because he ransom is a trademark back in 2010 (before dessert Crush Saga for two years). 'Now, after a period of quiet contrast to this brand for years, I have learned that you are now my goods CandySwipe cancellation, so Neverwinter Astral Diamonds I do not have the right to use your THR difference in him. Name originally appeared Farhan began to worry even the game developers as well. He was one of the key players in the project confrontation Stoic working with 'Brigade Saga 'era. We have previously reported that the word 'Epic' as a sign of excess candy makers. Fortunately, the two companies will be able to reach an agreement, although it does not provide specific information, with the exception of those functions that appear on your blog Stoics. 'The patient is pleased to have reached an agreement with respect to the Saga brand Stoic view that allows both parties to protect their trademarks current and future king of the contract.' And also settle on the mysterious circumstances of the dispute a few days ago, we all know that Albert ransom announced on its website: 'I am pleased to announce that it will be a peaceful resolution of their differences with their own brand king CandySwipe and withdraw their objection to the results of Pull my counter. I learned that the name you chose CANDY flirting before released Neverwinter my game and never try to get your game off. Water every game, we can continue to exist without mixing between the strings, 'and when he has infinite respect for the running water Neverwinter kind of game Temple Run 2 made a name for himself. Subway Surfers, despite being a young company with a great crowd support behind him. During the same chord play goal in each game: Run as far as you can, overcome obstacles and collect as many coins as possible. This may sound simple, but difficult to achieve. Each of them will steal your free time and you freak? Let's take a preparatory step look.Temple 2 Temple Run 2 differs from its predecessor, but retains the Indiana Jones-like environment. The scene of the second game was not as often and have faster, make it more interesting and varied. Control your character as happened in the previous stage, over to the left side of the screen and the right to freedom of movement or up and down, jump or slide under obstacles. Maneuver your character as currency should tilt the device.
﻿ The financial information used was based on financial statements of clubs between 2003 and 2011 and resources from transfers of athletes were not considered. Survey data and other information were used according to the evolution of the studies until the most recent editions. Projections of future scenarios of the clubs were conducted considering the reality of each entity. Guilherme Costa, who works at Maquina do Esporte, the biggest media group about sports business in Brazil, explained that Nike, Ambev Fisk, and Tim currently have contracts with Corinthians. However, the club is still FIFA Coins looking for a main sponsor. Will this evaluation help the club to get record-breaking sponsorship contracts with companies that want to associate their brands with Brazil’s only billionaire soccer club? Let’s wait and see…The AC Milan Gamble: Can Silvio Berlusconi Save The Bleeding Giant And Stay In Control?. It’s safe to say that when it comes to a negotiation, Silvio Berlusconi knows what he’s doing. The three-time Italian Prime Minister is arguably Italy’s most powerful man, still heading the country’s political opposition while sitting atop a media and financial empire Forbes recently valued at more than $7.4 billion. Yet, at his 78 years of age, Il Cavaliere as he’s dubbed by the Italian media is looking to close his largest deal yet: selling Italy’s most successful and historic soccer team, A.C. Milan, for more than $1 billion, while staying in control. Is the club actually worth that? In this world of ballooning sports team values, with soccer teams easily leading the charge as the world’s most valuable sports franchises, one could argue that a team with the global reach of A.C. Milan should garner such a price tag. And indeed, Berlusconi has received at least two undisclosed bids for the rossoneri from Asian investors led by Thai businessman Bee Taechaubol and Chinese impresario Richard Lee that could reach that level, even if that’s what it could’ve been worth, rather than what Milan is worth now. A.C. Milan president and former Italian Prime Minister with Thai businessman Bee Taechaubol, who is looking to buy the legendary soccer club Flavio Lo Scalzo Ansa via AP The bookspaint a clear picture. In late April, the club unveiled a consolidated net loss of more than $100 million for 2014 as revenue slid 8% to $261 million.
| product 91% | water 89% | aqua 81% | liquid 65% | toothbrush 65% | product design 65% | product 64% | plastic bottle 62% | plastic 59% | health & beauty 54%
Lundi 16 Avril - A dynamics-based viewpoint on solitary-like internal waves in the presence of rotation
November 30th- Roundtable Discussion: Making Time for the Arts –Scheduling Ideas for Elementary and Middle Schools, Facilitator: Matthew Lorenzetti
February 1st- “You’re Taking 100 Students to Where?!?” – Low Stress, High Reward Strategies for Traveling, Facilitator: Tom Weber
PDF-c6bda | Knopf is proud to reissue the complete and unabridged Arnold Lobel-illustrated treasury of Mother Goose rhymes, originally published in 1986 as The Random House Book of Mother Goose and unavailable for several years. Reviewers were unanimous in their acclaim of a collection “brimming over with energy…distinguished by abundant humor and a rich variety of moods and styles” (School Library Journal,… The Arnold Lobel Book of Mother Goose: A Treasury of More Than 300 Classic Nursery Rhymes
This The Arnold Lobel Book of Mother Goose: A Treasury of More Than 300 Classic Nursery Rhymes book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of The Arnold Lobel Book of Mother Goose: A Treasury of More Than 300 Classic Nursery Rhymes without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry The Arnold Lobel Book of Mother Goose: A Treasury of More Than 300 Classic Nursery Rhymes can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This The Arnold Lobel Book of Mother Goose: A Treasury of More Than 300 Classic Nursery Rhymes having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
LGA Airport Transportation - Enjoy the best and safest LGA Limo Service and Car Service to LGA Airport with our reliable car solutions throughout NYC Boroughs Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, Bronx and Staten Island. We offer a mix of comfort with ease for all our customers!
Ted Baker is one of the fastest-growing leading life-style brands in the UK with collections expanded since it began as a menswear brand in Glasgow, Scotland in 1988. The first store was opened by the managing director Ray Kelvin with further stores opened in Manchester, Plymouth, Nottingham and Covent Garden in 1990. Ted Baker was originally launched as a shirt specialist brand and quickly became the place to buy the best contemporary men's shirts. The focus was, and still is, on quality and attention to detail. So much so that the first stores provided a laundry service for every shirt purchased. Ted remains one of the only brands to be built into an international designer label without an advertising campaign. It has become a global brand with numerous stand-alone stores in the UK and stores and outlets in the rest of Europe, USA, Australia, Asia and Middle East.
Authorised Ted Baker stockists Mens Designer Clothes Online carry extensive collections with casual and smart crew neck and V neck t shirts in plain and printed designs, long and short sleeved polo shirts of striped, micro dot and plain designs. Smart, quality short sleeved and long sleeved shirts in stripes, checks, gingham, and chambray designs. Wrap up in winter with quality knitwear and cardigans in shawl necks and casual hoodies, zip tops and jumpers. Ted's superb outerwear collection gives a classic look with blazer jackets and smart double breasted coats which add a top layer of class to any outfit. Ted launched its denim jeans in 2001 and is another collection to add to the brand's portfolio, now with on-trend chinos and shorts. Find smart brogues, boots, casual loafer shoes and trainers in quality leathers and vibrant seasonal colours. Finally, every fashionable man accessorizes and with Ted you can find quality leather wallets, bags, belts and cufflinks to give your Ted Baker shirt a finishing touch. Underwear, socks, hats, scarves and glove sets for the winter are also available. Find all this and more with a seasonal sale twice a year to find a bargain with discounted prices on Ted Baker quality stock here on authorised stockists Mens Designer Clothes Online.
Designer Jeans | T Shirts | Shirts | Jumpers | Jackets | Footwear | Accessories | Testimonials | Coming Soon
Container ornamental flowering shade trees and shrubs are sold to homeowners in price break of 1, 2, and 4 meaning that you, the homeowner, receive a discount for each of these price breaks. All prices shown are per plant in #3 gallon size container. NOTE: Shipping Costs Vary Additional Costs May Be Applied This Item Does Not Ship to AZ, CA, OR, WA. Container ornamental flowering shade trees and shrubs are sold to state certified licensed professionals in price breaks with the smallest being 10 and the largest 250. All prices shown are per plant in #3 gallon size container. To find the total cost, you must multiply the price shown for the plant times the number of plant that you want to purchase. Price breaks occur at the 10 +, 50 +, 100 +, and 250 + ranges meaning that you, the customer, receive a discount for each of these price breaks. NOTE: This Item Does Not Ship to AZ, CA, OR, WA. Minimum Order $250.00
Disclaimer Policy: Although listed here within, some items may or may not be available upon time of order.
One in two teenage boys and girls have used a mobile phone to send a sexually explicit image of themselves, according to the biggest sexting survey undertaken in Australia.
​Teenage girls are using their mobiles to send sexual images of themselves because they think it’s fun and sexy, rather than because they feel pressured by boys, the new research from the Australian Institute of Criminology found.
Most of the 1200 teens surveyed who had sexted said they sent the image to a person with whom they had a relationship. Forty per cent had sent a sext to more than one person in the past year. Only six per cent of sexters reported sending an image on to a third party for whom the picture wasn’t originally intended.
The criminology researchers who conducted the survey said the results underscored the mismatch between sexting laws, which classify the practice as child abuse or child pornography and do not distinguish between consensual and non-consensual sexting, and the reality of teen sexting.
Author adminPosted on August 3, 2015 August 3, 2015 Leave a comment on Fifty per cent of teens sext by mobile phone
Teenagers as young as 14 are taking drastic measures to stay or get thin according to an Australian government study.
Perfect for onboard peripherals, Topeak's Bar X-Tender give you additional room and versatility to mount those mid-ride, must-see or must-reach items.
Attaching to your stem or handlebars for optimum reach or view, this is a handy extender, ideal for mounting computers, GPS, lights and whatever else you want front and centre to assist with your journey. Made from engineering grade plastic and steel, this makes for a quality and secure addition to any bike.
The People at Topeak spend a good part of their days listening to cyclists needs and figuring out new ways to make their riding experience more enjoyable. This is born out of a desire to make their products better and better. Made up of a close knit global team of engineers, designers, sales and marketing folks, the Topeak Team continually looks at new ways of approaching cycling and its special requirements... that’s because they are riders too.
The delivery options available for shipping this product along with the contents of your basket to United Kingdom are:
This guy's approach in evaluating various types of chain lubes to help extract those extra precious few watts - is more structured/interesting than others'.
Didn't test the lube products from Slick Willy. ; ) interesting approach that he is doing. Also, a few lubes I have never heard of.
Seems like several of the solvent-diluted "wax" lubes should be among those tested here, but this seems to be a test conducted by someone with a dog in the chainlube fight.
I'm still most interested in the sort of lube and ritual which allows for an extremely fast re-application and cleaning. I'm confident that I could easily service my chain that way [I]before every ride[I/] and still be spending less time and money over time than the sort of regimen involved with any melting of wax.
I'm currently using a squeeze bottle with thin applicator tube for application with a continuous stream to the moving chain. In the bottle I mix about 20% motor oil with the extremely fast-drying liquid that I empty from an aerosol can of either [u]Blaster Advanced Dry Lube[u/] OR [u]WD40 Dry Lube Spray[u/], which are basically just hexane and PTFE.
Terrycloth rag in hand, I lube and clean my chain and pulleys in under two minutes, and the chain does deliver a very smooth sound while riding and shifting.
Use Acetone. Hexanes BP 10 deg C higher. It's also cheaper and easier to obtain than draining an aerosol can into bottle and adding in the 20% by weight oil.
PTFE isn't quite an E.P. additive in the context of the most highly-stressed steel pin surfaces, but at the sideplates may be a bigger friction-reducer in terms of watts.
...as it eats most types of paint and will attack the resins used in composites. Unless your frame is bare Ti, Al or stainless, I'd stay away from solvents as aggressive as acetone in a chain lube.
The other thing that you need to keep in mind is that the lubricant needs to fully penetrate into the chain. A super-fast drying solvent may prevent that from happening, in which case you've only lubed the least important part of the chain.
The tests depicted at the link above are interesting, but the fact that Molten Speed Wax appears to be so superior leads me to question whether something is amiss in the testing protocol. The difference just seems to be too much to be realistic.
I also wonder if he'll test lubes if you send him a sample (plus some cash, I assume)? I'd love to see how the stuff I've been brewing compares to other drip lubes. Maybe Wheels and I can share the shipping cost on a "Care package" to him. ;-)
I'm not that concerned how it compares to wax, as I'm never going to go through the BS required to wax chains, no matter how good it is.
Acetone, MEK may/can attack some composites/paints but you have to expose them for extended time in large volumes before they break it down. You have to fully douse stickers and paints with acetone before they start to slide off. Epoxy and vinyl-ester composites are not affected once cured.
Also, the acetone in the lube won'y flash off that quickly before the drop gets into the innards of the chain. The nice thing about acetone is it is a clean solvent and breaks down somewhat in the enviro.
dddd, if you're worried about Brian's statements of acetone causing potential break down of your paint or not getting into your chain innards, use OMS instead of Hexanes with your oil. Hexanes is smelly and basically a significant portion of gasoline. OMS won't flash as quickly as Hexanes or Acetone, but won't "stink" as much as Hexanes.
Brian, I agree w/ you on your Molten Speed Wax observation......something doesn't add up here/there.
On a similar subject, how's that your product idea coming along? Any scale-up or traction yet or are you still "Mad Sciencing" in the basement lab? Best of luck if you're still working on this.
How about naptha / Ronson lighter fluid? It comes in quart cans at the Home Depot and it dissolves paraffin.
I'd rater put new chains on seasonally than 'stretch' out the life of them, possibly non stretching my own life playing with solvents the more I think about it. ;)
This coming from the guy who still paints with nitro lacquer. With the correct filters for the material.
I don't even like breathing in several new car interiors gassing out. Over these past few years with our accident history and having to replace way soon, etc.
Or adding the smell of my lube in my car if I lube before going to a riding spot/start. Better to do it ahead of time I guess. ;)
Most of us rode before catalytic converters came to dominate. How many times in the last 30 years have you suddenly smelled gasoline and seen a '70 Charger (etc.) just passed? We used to ride thousands of miles a year in crap hundreds of times worse. So yeah, charcoal filters. -link to asthma thread-
What about effectiveness and/or "relative" safety of methyl alcohol - used as a final "rinse" to remove any film left behind on the chain after having cleaned, degreased and/or ultrasounded it (and before relubing it with your fav chain lube brew, so that it (chainlube) has access to the bare chain metal)?
He suggests using methylized spirits as a final rinse instead of soapy water or just more degreaser / mineral spirits etc.
Ps. Re. Charcoal filters and potential dangers to lungs and sinus tissues - Pethaps that's why it serms like he's doing his chain lube testing outdoors?
I'm not a fan of wax-based lubes, after using Pedros Ice Wax also many years ago, progressively gunking up my whole drivetrain with wax.
If I was a diy paraffin user, I'd be wondering how much longevity and friction decreasing difference there was between a cheap, basic block of plain wax bought at Walmart, vs the teflon/mbds infused wax brand the testor above found to be "best" (and is pedelling).
Methinks there's way to much thinking going on here. OMS is, on balance, a pretty good solvent for chain lube. Cheap, low odor, readily available, and reasonably fast evaporation. A lube made with OMS should not be used just before a ride because it will tend to fly off the chain and make a mess, but if you lube the day before most of it will have evaporated as required.
"Cleaning" the chain after cleaning the chain (with methanol) makes little sense. If the chain was going to be used in a clean room environment, then maybe all these extra steps would be appropriate, but out in the real world, the environmental dirt and dust puts paid instantly to all that cleaning. If you are worried about cleaning, sluice the chain with OMS, spin the cranks for a minute, wipe it clean, then apply the OMS-based lube. My own technique is to skip the OMS cleaning step and just sluice the chain with OMS based lube, spin the cranks to slurry up all the junk on the chain and then wipe the excess off. I get 350 miles per application and my chains last around 10K miles before reaching the 0.5% elongation standard.
Stronger riders' chains will not last as long, nor will chains that have to operate in bad weather on a regular basis. Really dusty environments are also a challenge and perhaps the only place where wax lubes (or other truly dry lubes) are possibly appropriate.
Wheels, I've seen acetone damage a paint finish with a single swipe of a rag, so I think I'm right to advise caution. You're correct that it will take some time to damage a composite part.
I'm getting great results with the lube and the feedback from people who've tried it has been overwhelmingly positive, but that's a very small sample size. I would like to see it tested against commercial lubes, if for no other reason that to see how it stacks up.
OMS works great, but it does evaporate slowly and it's best to let lube dry overnight. Perhaps if you have the option of letting the bike sit in the sun, that might speed it up somewhat.
If I read the test info correctly "methylated spirits" is what we call "denatured alcohol". It's a mild, zero-residue, relatively safe solvent that I use a lot for light cleaning, but it doesn't cut grease, oil or wax well.
I am pretty lazy when it comes to chain maintenance these days. Typically, I just wipe the chain down with a rag moistened with OMS to remove lube and dirt from the outside of the chain. I apply a drop of lube to each chain link, then spin the chain for a minute or two to work it in. After wiping it down with a dry rag, I repeat the application and working it in. A final wipedown and the bike is ready to go, though I usually lube it when I can let it sit overnight before riding.
That said, the next time I replace a chain, I'll completely strip and clean it before applying my lube, then try cleaning it when I re-lube, just to see how much difference it makes. One of the things I do like about the tests referenced above is that they test contamination clearing performance and longevity.
Thanks for your engineeing-based perspective Kerry. Your routine's similar to mine with the homebrew.
Brian, I think they were using the alcohol to "clean" the previously cleaned (with ons or other degreaser) chain, so as to apparently strip any lingering oms/degreaser residue off the chain, and allow a better penetration of the new lube into the microscopic chain pores.
Obsessive? You bet. In the grand scheme of things most of us here likely have better things to do with their free time. I know I do. Nonetheless it was an interesting video.
"I've seen acetone damage a paint finish with a single swipe of a rag, so I think I'm right to advise caution."
Oh shit, I though this frame was powder coated and not wet painted.... Acetone eats most paint post haste.
Rickk, I use denatured alcohol in the same way at times, though not with bike chains. OMS leaves a slightly oily residue and the alcohol removes it. Getting rid of the residue is important before gluing, bluing, painting, soldering, etc.
Nope. Any residual oils will not prevent microscopic penetration. At the interface between the lube and any residual cleaning solvent, the hugely excess concentration of the lube will drive it into every portion of the chain. The only time this would not happen would be if the cleaning solvent was somehow immiscible with the lube solvent and had a very strong affinity for the metal surfaces of the chain.
I have a hard time imagining how that could occur but it does argue AGAINST using a water-soluble cleaning agent like methanol.
Before I got lazy, I used to clean my drivetrain with citrus cleaner, rinse it with water, then apply Pro-Link. It always seemed to drive out the residual water in the chain immediately. I can't imagine that alcohol of any type could be more of a potential problem than that, especially since it evaporates quickly.
It does seem to be the case that any kind of oil or petro solvent displaces water, i.i. had a much greater capillary-driven penetration than water or alcohol.
I choose my aerosol hexane/ptfe because in the 12oz can it is only $7, pretty cheap, because it dries at just the right rate, not very smelly at all and because it is the chosen diluent of so many consumer products so must at least pass some tests for safety.
And I can't emphasize enough using a restricted squeeze bottle that allows the lube to be applied with a continuous stream, cuts out at least half the time of lubing and wiping the chain right there!
Considering that I'm generally going to let the lube dry overnight, an extra few minutes to apply the lube precisely where it's needed is no big deal. It also reduces waste.
Choosing a faster, easier (and still highly uniform) way to apply the lube shouldn't imply wasting any, since modern (i.e. "bushingless") chains are completely "open" to the lube's saturating every nook and cranny.
So I can apply the lube to the side plates or the rollers, and the chain reaches saturation (short of the point of lube dripping off) either way.
Getting the lube to clean the chain does require some degree of over-lubing, since the solvent+lube is the vehicle for moving detritus from the chain to the rag.
The question can still be raised as to which lube and method results in the lowest monetized cost in terms of total time, parts and lube, and add to that environmental impact for one head-scratcher of a calculation!
I can envision a bike shop apparatus with rotating brush wheels that gets attached to the chain and has two tubes, one supplying lube and the other (bigger one) scavenging air, dirt and lube into a vacuum-evacuated pair (storage and settling) of drums.
A rider's bike could thus have the chain completely cleaned, lubed and evacuated of excess lube in under a minute, easily.
Seems they could charge at least a few dollars for this, especially with some performance data having perhaps been established for dirty versus thus-cleaned chains.
It wouldn't be too much harder to incorporate a force readout to the chain-driving motor, allowing the rider to see pre- vs. post-cleaning friction force numbers, which however wouldn't necessarily reflect the level of power loss under the full force of pedaling.
There would have to be a periodic pickup and replacement of the lube that has been recycled through the machine to some established limit of it's service life, so could overall be quite environmentally friendly with the liquid being re-synthesized into new product or into a different product altogether.
I'm a year into the wax experiment. While it does take some time, I do it when I'm doing other things in the shop as well. Have several chains in rotation, makes it easy. The only glitch is keeping straight which are 10 and which are 11.
I've ditched the whole US cleaning thing unless I'm stripping a new chain; otherwise they go straight into the wax. You do go through more wax that way, but the time savings is worth it.
Blonk is a company selling agricultural products and products for agriculture. Our specialties are the millenary grains like teff, amaranth and quinoa. Our customers are large international food companies as well as specialized companies in Spain and outside, with whom there is a close and professional relationship.
Very important for us is the intensive control of the cereal production at every stage in order to guarantee an excellent quality. We work with a group of agronomic engineers, with many years of experience in this field and especially in these cereals. They take care of this quality control and therefore customers prefer us. Blonk also offers consultancy services to other companies in the agribusiness and to its own farmers to optimize the production process and to obtain the best results. Among our products offered, we are specialized in teff, a cereal with extraordinary nutritional properties which make it very interesting.
In Blonk we look for solutions to agro forestry problems and therefore we have invested in several EU Life+ projects to create rural development models that are beneficial to farmers, the economy in Spain and the environment.
Hmm it looks like your site ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I had written and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I too am an aspiring blog blogger but I’m still new to the whole thing. Do you have any tips and hints for inexperienced blog writers? I’d definitely appreciate it.
Just for now, the question will remain a mystery, but I will share a bit about me and some things about the film…
Barbieri sas was accredited in 1999 with quality certification based on UNI EN ISO 9100:1994 standards. In 2002, it adapted its quality system to the new reference standard, UNI EN ISO 9100:2000.
The certifying board is Det Norske Veritas - Italy, an organization that has always monitored the performance and efficiency of the quality system since the first certification was issued. Additional details are provided in the attached copy of the certificate.
This is a placeholder page for Danny Taylor, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Danny Taylor.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Danny Taylor. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Danny Taylor. We created this page automatically in hopes Danny Taylor would find it. If you are not Danny Taylor, but are an alumni of Barbourville High School, register on this site for free now.
Welcome in order to my personal website, with this period I will teach you regarding adding integers worksheet
What about photograph above? is usually in which incredible???. if you feel so, I’l l show you a number of graphic all over again below:
), click on save link to store these pics to your personal pc. These are all set for obtain, if you like and want to have it, simply click save badge on the article, and it will be directly saved to your home computer. Lastly in order to receive unique and latest image related to (Fresh Adding Integers Worksheet
), please follow us on google plus or book mark the site, we attempt our best to give you daily update with fresh and new pics. We do hope you like staying right here. For some upgrades and latest information about (Fresh Adding Integers Worksheet
) shots, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We attempt to provide you with up grade regularly with fresh and new images, like your surfing, and find the right for you.
) published by at . At this time we’re excited to declare that we have found an incrediblyinteresting topicto be pointed out, namely (Fresh Adding Integers Worksheet
how to write cursive capital letters in english q recently had an epiphany about the g its just a big writing z pdf,how to write the capital letter f in cursive letters best writing worksheets images on learning,how to write capital cursive h in and lowercase letters learning writing a z pdf,learn cursive letter f how to write capital letters in english alphabet,write cursive capital letter z all things a case of puzzling handwriting how to f q,cursive writing capital letters a to z pdf write alphabet learning how g in packed with best,write capital cursive alphabet writing letters letter of recommendation a to z pdf how f,how to write a capital g in cursive also k h j,how to write capital cursive h alphabet 6 g wines for dummies b,how write a g in cursive letter lowercase alphabet chart present day writing capital letters to z pdf learning q.
Checkout 51 has some super cash back offers starting today including grapes, potatoes, carrots, garlic, Pepsi, Heinz BBQ sauce, Heinz mustard, Dole Mandarin oranges.
If you find any additional coupons let me know and I will get. The Dbacks beat the Dodgers yesterday 7 to 6, and scored several home runs.
Here is the Publix Ad with coupon matchups for 6-29 to 7-5-17. When it comes to getting coupons for food that is organic or gluten free, the search becomes difficult.Publix takes competitor store coupons but each store determines its.
Find product information, ratings and reviews for Literacy Theory As Practice: Connecting Theory and Instruction in K-12 Classrooms (Paperback) (Lara J. online on.
See a rich collection of stock images, vectors, or photos for you can buy on Shutterstock. Here are the best deals at Food 4 Less this week, with thanks to Jaime from A Frugal Home for her help with compiling these.These prices are based on the Lansdowne, VA location and on coupons in the Washington Post coupon. Be sure to check out all the great coupons you may score in this.
Capital Canines offers positive reinforcement dog obedience training classes, in-home canine behavior modification, and agility training in Northern Virginia and Washington D.C.
Michelle Beardsley, owner and founder of Capital Canines, is nationally recognized for her ability to train dogs. Her own furry companions have been adopted from local shelters, then trained as agility champions. We believe a trained dog is a happy dog. We use gentle methods only. Capital Canines will work with you and your dog to achieve the results you desire. Your investment in your dog's behavior now will pay dividends for you both for years to come.
Our dog training and behavior services have been cited by Washingtonian Magazine as one of the best in the area. Our credentials range from national awards to recognition for our volunteer work at local shelters. But our best references are the happy individuals and dogs who have generously praised the benefits of our training. We look forward to working with you and your canine companion!
"Within two weeks, Michelle Beardsley turned our scared, quivering puppy into a friendly guy. He had a real fear problem, and used to hide behind our legs and just shake like a leaf. After Michelle worked with him, he became a different dog. We'd recommend Michelle to anyone."
"Our dog loves to investigate and couldn't be trusted to sit still in public unless we had him on a tight leash. After Michelle's training, we can take him anywhere, drop his leash, and tell him to stay. He won't budge until we release him. Incredible! Michelle really can work wonders with dogs."
"We have a pair of dogs that were pretty hard to handle. Taking them on a walk was risking a dislocated shoulder because they pulled on their leashes constantly. After Michelle's training, they're great! It's now a pleasure to take them on a walk, not a chore."
"Sam is an excellent boy, but when he joined us, he was clueless about "sit," "down," and "stay." If he'd ever had any obedience training, it was a long time ago and was not reinforced. In spite of this, he's been well-behaved in the house and walks well on a leash. He's great at coming when called, and learned "sit" soon after joining us. Sam began obedience training May 6, 2000 with Michelle Beardsley of Capital Canines. We are very pleased with Sam's progress and with our own. We've learned a lot from Michelle! Sam's done with his formal training now, but we continue to work with him regularly so he doesn't forget. By the way, he now knows what sit, down, and stay mean. Three months after his arrival, he wowed the neighbors by maintaining a down-stay only a few feet from a pool full of noisy children." (To see Sam's photo, click here.)
Quite a few businesses inside the developed globe campaign without cost or backed childcare for all. Other folks campaign for tax breaks or allowances to offer mother and father a non-finance driven option. Lots of the totally free or sponsored childcare programs in The usa can also be Child Improvement systems, or afterschool applications which employ the service of certified academics to show the children although They can be of their care.
No matter the age or requires of your child, we will let you care for them in a way that sets them up for success in life.
ACS understands that choosing who will acquire care of your child is one of The key selections you may make. Excellent child care is dear; nonetheless, you might qualify without spending a dime or subsidized care.
Childcare infection could be the spread of an infection all through childcare, normally due to Get hold of among the children in daycare or faculty.[37] This happens when groups of children fulfill in the childcare ecosystem, and There exists an individual by having an infectious condition who may perhaps then distribute it to your entire group.
Any time you wander into our Centre, you receive a sense of becoming amongst family. We look at our Middle for being your child's dwelling away from home. At The educational Encounter children are offered the support they should improve socially, physically and emotionally (or Discover, Participate in and Mature) in a secure and secure ecosystem. Superior-tech protection systems, an Excellent and proprietary curriculum, a properly-Geared up, clean and sanitary ecosystem and point out of the artwork center are just a lot of the means The Learning Knowledge stands aside from the Other folks.
Franchising of family members child care house facilities attempts to carry economies of scale to property daycare. A central operator handles internet marketing, administration and maybe some central paying for although the actual care takes place in unique properties. The central operator may perhaps supply teaching to the individual care providers.
Purchasing child care is a huge expense for most mothers and fathers. A analyze by Child Care Conscious mentioned that For several people the expense of child care generally exceeds the price of housing, college or university tuition, transportation, or food items. It is necessary to have a look at your finances and spending plan appropriately for child care.
IDHS also supports expert services for Read Full Article people seeking care together with cost-free referrals to child care companies and consumer training details. Click on any of the back links beneath for more information.
The Point out of Missouri has no control around the character, content, and availability of your service, and appropriately, are unable to assurance the precision, dependability, or timeliness of the translation. Neither the State of Missouri nor its staff settle for liability for any inaccuracies or faults in the interpretation or legal responsibility for just about any loss, damage, or other difficulty, which includes without the need of limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising from or in reference to use with the Google™ Translate Company.
By finding out a substantial choice of children within the Norwegian childcare technique he concluded that the amount of hours a child spends in a daycare and their conduct haven't any dependent relations.[33] Even though in the united states, children who go to childcare techniques have the that site next danger of externalizing the symptoms of unfavorable social conduct, exhibiting these features can straight correlate with their time expended in the middle.[34]
As Google's translation is an automated assistance it may Screen interpretations that are an approximation of the web site's initial written content. You should not trust in Google™ Translate to offer a precise translation of the website.
When a child care facility is certified, it means that an Illinois Division of Children & Loved ones Solutions (IDCFS) licensing representative has inspected the ability and it was located to satisfy the minimum licensing demands established by IDCFS. A child care facility which is license exempt is one particular that is not accredited by IDCFS but have to nevertheless meet up with minimum necessities established by Illinois in an effort to operate as being a child care company.
Choose to thank TFD for its existence? Tell an acquaintance about us, insert a backlink to this web site, or visit the webmaster's web page for free pleasurable information.
If you wish to sign up to click to investigate vote, you should down load and complete the Voter Registration Kind and return it to your local FSD Office environment. This has no impact on your software or continued eligibility for help.
Marked as z gallerie steamliner coffee table area of interest or z gallerie flight coffee table object with z gallerie timber coffee table craigslist object along with z gallerie timber coffee table for sale area of interest also z gallerie coffee table ebay discussion along with z gallerie mirrored coffee table discussion with Coffee Table, So don't forget to check out the main article in 2017 contemporary z gallerie coffee table images
Related to z-gallerie-coffee-tables-z-gallerie-mirrored-coffee-table-with-stainless-metal-base-brown-sofa-with-cushions-tray-with-porcelain-decoration-and-books
Make it your aim to live a quiet life, mind your own business and work with your hands... 1 Thess. 4:11
Suffering humbles us. ​Sickness can bring us to despair. Pain crushes the spirit. Hope deferred makes the heart sick. Plans destroyed, unexpected injury, disease, loss, all these sideline us or send us spiralling into depression. In the midst of the interminable blackness, the searing agony, we cry out. "How long, oh Lord?"
The prophet Isaiah records a near-death experience of Hezekiah, king of Judah in Isaiah 38 (it also is recorded in 2 Kings 20). Hezekiah was ill and the prophet gave him a word from the Lord. Now, one would expect this to be a word of encouragement and strength, but no, God said to get his house in order, "You're going to die. You will not recover."
Great news? Not so much. God was gracious in at least giving him time to get his affairs in order. Hezekiah then did what I think most of us would do. He turned his face to the wall and wept bitterly. But he prayed, and he prayed privately about the matter to God. He reminded God how he'd lived: he'd walked faithfully, with wholehearted devotion, and he'd done what was good in God's eyes. Now, God knew this, but in the depths of his despair, Hezekiah reminded God anyway.
Note: Under the Old Covenant, blessing and cursing was sent by God on the basis of obedience or disobedience (Leviticus 26, Deuteronomy 28). More about this in a moment, but for now, back to our story.
Lo and behold, Isaiah gets an update. "Go tell Hezekiah," the Lord says, "I've heard your prayer and seen your tears; I will add fifteen years to your life and I will deliver you and this city..."
And God did. Hezekiah's response was nothing short of poetry. It's recorded in ‭‭Isaiah‬ ‭38‬. I've taken the liberty to add line breaks and poetic formatting. On the left is Hezekiah's report, and on the right is what he said to God.
Here we see a king subjected, first to confronting the reality of his own death, then pleading with God for his life. At the end of it all, he concludes that the suffering was for his benefit. That God, in love, kept him so that he can continue to praise him in the land of the living and tell his children about God's faithfulness.
So what's our takeaway? In the midst of our suffering, we pray and weep bitterly. God may choose to answer by delivering us, extending our life on this earth. But far more often, it seems, we do not see a miraculous healing, nor a promise of extended life.
How should we pray then, under the New Covenant given to us in Christ, where we are justified now only by faith in Jesus (Galatians 3:13-14)? We don't plead for ourselves based on our good behavior. "Hezekiah’s principle of prayer isn’t fitting for a Christian today. We pray in the name of Jesus (John 16:23-24), not in the name of who we are or what we have done. We come across similar pleas again and again in the prayers of God’s children of old. The Psalms abound with them. But we do not find them in the New Testament. The Church bases its pleas on Christ’s righteousness.”(1)
We know that Jesus suffered and died. His prayer was also to ask deliverance, but ultimately, he prayed, "Not my will, but Thine be done." His obedience made our salvation possible.
Due to the realities of being human under the curse of sin, all of us suffer -- for many reasons beyond illness. Yet when we, or those we love, may be afflicted by disease and are near the point of death, like Hezikiah, we weep bitterly and plead with God to extend life. This is not wrong. But to demand healing based on our own personal goodness, is contrary to the model given us by Jesus. He lived a sinless life, but God did not answer his request for deliverance.
Sometimes, God grants healing and extends life. Other times He does not. This is one of the most challenging tests of faith. Trusting in God's sovereign will. We know that suffering, sickness and disease can come for various reasons, and it is dangerous to try and understand these reasons or declare their purpose with certainty from our time-limited, earth-bound, human perspective. Romans 11:34 says "Who has known the mind of the Lord, and who has been his counsellor?"
As Christians, we understand that in death we go to be with the Lord. John Trapp suggests, “...why should a saint be fond of life, or afraid of death, since to him it is as his father’s horse, to carry him to his father’s house?” The sting has been removed by Christ and so can we agree with the apostle Paul, "to live is Christ and to die is gain"?
In the same context (Philippians 1), Paul addresses his suffering as he was in chains in prison. He could have boasted about his good life, and demanded God intervene, but he acknowledges that what was happening to him actually served to advance the gospel (v.12) and instill confidence in other believers (v.14). His testimony was this:
"I eagerly expect and hope that I will in no way be ashamed, but will have sufficient courage so that now as always Christ will be exalted in my body, whether by life or by death." (v. 20)
I have lived through many suffering days, and walked at length through the valley of the shadow of death. It was, sadly, often as a result of my own human failings, or the failings of others, and rarely due to suffering for the gospel of Christ. This blog is filled with a decade of my struggle, musing, frustration, lessons and poetry on this very subject. Too often, my response to difficulty was not worthy of the gospel. I did fear evil, I did stumble and fall. This was not a small matter, my extended time of living "in the far country" in my heart and attitude, where I wept bitterly and turned my face repeatedly to the wall and pleaded for God to save me, rescue me, transform my circumstances, deliver me.
But God... but God... in his mercy, continued the good work he had begun in me (Philippians 1:6), despite my rebellion and disobedience, regardless of my good works, out of his infinite riches and unsearchable judgment, he showed mercy. He continues the process of redemption begun at the cross in Christ, and the shaping and sanctifying continues to happen over time as I seek after the Lord and respond to his refining fire.
I can echo with Hezekiah what God did for me: It has caused me to walk more humbly because of the anguish of my soul. My spirit finds life in Him, the one who restored me to health and let me live. "Surely it was for my benefit that I suffered such anguish." In God's love he kept me from the pit of destruction and put all my sins behind His back. And like the Psalmist, he has given me beauty for ashes, the garment of praise in place of a spirit of heaviness. He has turned my mourning into dancing.
So, how should we then live while we continue to walk and suffer on this broken earth in this fragile bodies, these jars of clay?
In very practical ways, each day I must dwell in his presence, soak in his word, and speak the truth of God's promises over my heart. His mercies are new every morning. Great is his faithfulness! We do not have to fear evil (persecution, death, disease, suffering) because the Lord is with us. He is our shepherd, we will not lack. He makes us rest in lush pastures, leads us beside still water, restores our soul, leads us into right living for his name's sake. We do not have to fear evil because he is with us, his rod and staff comfort us, he prepares a table for us, anoints us with healing oil, fills our cup to overflowing. Goodness and mercy follow us while we live and when we finally die, we will live eternally in the house of our Lord forever (Psalm 23).
Thy will be done, on earth, in me, for your name's sake and for your glory. By your mercy and love, grant me sufficient courage so that now as always Christ will be exalted in my body, whether by life or by death. Amen
Blog Archive November 2018 (10) October 2018 (1) September 2018 (1) March 2018 (2) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (4) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (3) October 2017 (6) September 2017 (3) August 2017 (1) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (4) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (1) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (5) November 2016 (3) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (5) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (3) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (4) September 2015 (6) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (2) May 2015 (3) April 2015 (6) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (2) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (6) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (3) October 2013 (4) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (6) June 2013 (2) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (2) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (5) October 2012 (3) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (13) February 2012 (24) January 2012 (17) December 2011 (3) November 2011 (5) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (6) July 2011 (8) June 2011 (6) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (9) March 2011 (12) February 2011 (7) January 2011 (10) December 2010 (5) November 2010 (4) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (2) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (8) April 2010 (3) March 2010 (6) February 2010 (4) January 2010 (7) December 2009 (13) November 2009 (17) October 2009 (17) September 2009 (9) August 2009 (14) July 2009 (23) June 2009 (8) May 2009 (18) April 2009 (7) March 2009 (10) February 2009 (12) January 2009 (18) December 2008 (11) November 2008 (11) October 2008 (5) September 2008 (10) August 2008 (14) July 2008 (15) June 2008 (10) May 2008 (14) April 2008 (18) March 2008 (15) February 2008 (11) January 2008 (16) December 2007 (22) November 2007 (16) October 2007 (22) September 2007 (17) August 2007 (16) July 2007 (21) June 2007 (18) May 2007 (29) April 2007 (29) March 2007 (15) February 2007 (8) January 2007 (13) December 2006 (11) November 2006 (17) October 2006 (21) September 2006 (23) August 2006 (9) July 2006 (15) June 2006 (30) May 2006 (25) April 2006 (39) March 2006 (15) February 2006 (12) January 2006 (13) December 2005 (17) November 2005 (18) October 2005 (19)
MODE Apartment communities offer an unparalleled blend of service and amenities. Whether you want an upscale apartment home with nearby access to biking, hiking and running trails or a luxury urban residence near culture, nightlife, entertainment and dining, there is a MODE community that is perfectly suited for you.
I received an Outlook meeting invite in my email recently but because I use Thunderbird as my email reader I received the raw vCalendar data rather than a nicely formatted email with details of the meeting. After a quick google search I found a post on Daniel Tome's blog regarding Viewing Calendar Events in Mozilla Thunderbird.
His suggestion was to install a Thunderbird add-on called Lightning. This adds a calendar into Thunderbird and also adds support for understanding vCalendar events. More information can be found at Lightning's home page.
I installed the add-on and restarted Thunderbird and now the raw vCalendar email was transformed into a nicely formatted meeting invite - you even get the option to accept or decline the meeting. Just remember to right-click on the green "Install Now" button to download the add-on otherwise you will install it into firefox.
Taiwanese company Polytron Technologies is hoping to bring this transparent Smartphone to market by the end of this year.
this is a discussion within the Saints Community Forum; NEW ORLEANS -- Tyrann Mathieu was back in his hometown of New Orleans on Saturday, hosting his first-ever youth football camp less than two months after he told the New York Daily News, “I don’t think I can go back ...
NEW ORLEANS -- Tyrann Mathieu was back in his hometown of New Orleans on Saturday, hosting his first-ever youth football camp less than two months after he told the New York Daily News, “I don’t think I can go back to New Orleans. I don’t think that’s possible.”
And at one point I thought he lost it, hell a lot of us did but people can always change and Tyrann did just that!
This came from somewhere from within. Goodness knows where. But the situation just now is that this person just got bigger, in a most positive way.
nice to see but would like to see these guys build a park or spend the money on something lasting and can be used year round to be honest.these kids need something that lasts instead of a flash in the pan.its nice to see guys coming home to do some good
As we approach Singapore’s 50th birthday in 2015, let’s take a look at our journey as a people. One that’s shared by all of us. And come together as family, friends and neighbours to celebrate this milestone in our history.
Art-Zoo creates an imaginative landscape that celebrates and explores nature through the perspective of art. It commemorates the spirit of artistic expression through a visual adventure that stirs up curiosity and wonder in all ages.
Violet Oon Singapore is a showcase of Singapore’s treasure trove of secret home recipes from their Peranakan heritage while at the same time reflecting Singapore’s history as the crossroads of the world with their repertoire of foods from many lands.
To commemorate the Award’s 10th anniversary, the DesignSingapore Council and Urban Redevelopment Authority have commissioned a multimedia exhibition that reflects on the achievements and impact that the President’s Design Award has had over the past decade on our society.
Central Singapore Community Development Council (CDC) serves 975,500 residents living in the Central Singapore area and envisions itself as a do-good district.
CREATIVE©ITIES is a project inspired by how the “creative city” defines the aspirations of cities around the world today. It maps out what this new world looks like through the people, projects, products and places, recommended by creators living in these cities. The exhibition looked at 10 cities in the Asia-Pacific that are leading this wave of change — Kaohsiung, Bangkok, Beijing, Hong Kong, Kuala Lumpur, Manila, Seoul, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo.
Happy Veteran’s Day to all those who have served. We honor your heroism and bravery. {Dad ⚓️}. We cannot lose sight… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
This country page offers an overview about developments in Finland and documents available in Finnish. This page is only available in the country's language.
You have to accommodate those views with you different people, like this day be better. If you've always wanted to change him, it looks like you will be painful. To learn how to put them is. To learn how to accommodate them is.Arrogant people have saved, low self-esteem people do not save.
All Rights Reserved. This product uses the Twitter API but is not endorsed or certified by Twitter. All Twitter™ logos and trademarks displayed on this application are property of Twitter
Jeudi 15 Mars - A few tales about ocean heat content variability in relation to forcing and the large-scale circulation
On Saturday, June 17, 2017, members of our local off-road, truck, car, motorcycle and off-road communities will be hosting a "BACKING THE BLUE" rally to support our very own men and women in law enforcement and let them know that WE SUPPORT YOU! This collaborative event is a fund raiser to help support the Ten-82 Fund set up by local law enforcement agencies to assist families of law enforcement personnel during times of need. 100% of all proceeds from this even will go to local law enforcement families through Ten-82. For more information and to register please click the link below.
Ten-82 is a 501 (c )(3) non profit organization dedicated to assisting public servants in need of assistance. Ten-82 was founded in 2008 by Law Enforcement from Rio Rancho Police Department and the Bernalillo County Sheriff's Office determined to help fellow public servants and currently assist Police, Fire, and Military personnel when they find themselves in times of hardship due to illness or injuries.
If your club/group is not listed on the registration page please contact us and we can add your club/group. Please note that a minimum of 10 vehicles is required for club/group tickets
AllAnalytics and Sample PreparationBiopharmaceutical ManufacturingIndustrial MicrobiologyIVD/OEM Kits, Materials and ReagentsLife Science Research Reagents, Chemicals and LabwareSmall Molecule PharmaceuticalsWater Purification
Microfiltration Membranes Hydrophobic and hydrophilic membranes for filtration and venting applications.
Our new packaging We are rebranding all of our life science products, labels, packages and documents.
BioReliance® End-to-End Solutions Greater control & increased flexibility for both small & large molecule development & manufacturing processes.
Water Purification Services We are the partner of choice for water purification systems and services.
Our commitment means providing leading life sciences products in ways that help improve our communities and environment.
Order questions? Technical queries? Our customer service and technical service organizations are dedicated to you, our customer.
Webinars, Videos, Trainings Watch, learn and engage with us. Training programs and seminars designed for you.
world class partners Merck Millipore + Sigma-Aldrich = the life science business of Merck Operating in the U.S. & Canada as MilliporeSigma
Prenylation is carried out by cytoplasmic enzymes known as geranylgeranyltransferases and farnesyltransferases that covalently attach 20-carbon (geranylgeranyl) or 15-carbon (farnesyl) isoprenoids to the C-terminus of intracellular proteins via thioether linkages. Many proteins in signal transduction pathways are prenylated. Perhaps the best-characterized farnesylation products are the Ras ATPases. Mutated or oncogenic forms of Ras require farnesylation for their ability to transform cells. Several types of FTase inhibitors have been designed for use as potential anticancer agents ...
Read More About Farnesyltransferase (FTase), Geranylgeranyltransferase (GGTase), & Methyltransferase Inhibitors & Browse Products
HMG-CoA reductase catalyzes the 4-electron reduction of HMG-CoA to CoA and mevalonate, with oxidation of two molecules of NADPH. Regulation of the expression of hepatic HMG-CoA reductase is critical in maintaining normal cholesterol levels in serum and tissues. HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors (statins) are competitive inhibitors of this enzyme and have hypocholesterolemic properties. These inhibitors have close resemblance to HMG-CoA. During cholesterol biosynthesis they competitively inhibit the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, thereby reducing cholesterol biosynthesis in hepatic cells ...
Read More About 3-Hydroxy-3-Methylglutaryl Coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) Reductase Inhibitors & Browse Products
NF-κB, a eukaryotic transcription factor plays an important role in inflammation, autoimmune response, cell proliferation, and apoptosis by regulating the expression of genes involved in these processes. It consists of homo- or heterodimers of different subunits, which belong to a family of Rel/NF-κB proteins. NF-κB has been considered as a desirable target for therapy in various inflammatory diseases. In most cancer cells, NF-κB is constitutively active and resides in the nucleus. Designing antitumor inhibitors to block NF-κB activity or to increase sensitivity to conventional chemotherapy may have great therapeutic value ...
Many inhibitors used to block protein synthesis are either antibiotics or toxins. Their mechanism of action includes the interruption of peptide-chain elongation, blocking the A site of ribosomes, and misreading of the genetic code. Some of them may also prevent the attachment of oligosaccharide side chains to glycoproteins ...
Highlighted below are modulators included in the Hedgehog Signaling Pathway Modulators Panel (Cat. No. 373386). Click image to enlarge.
Mammalian Hedgehog proteins include Sonic Hedgehog (Shh), Indian Hedgehog (Ihh), and Desert Hedgehog (Dhh). Shh, a secreted morphogen, has been implicated in several embryonic developmental processes It displays inductive, proliferative, neurotrophic, and neuroprotective properties. Shh functions with other signaling molecules such as the fibroblast growth factors and bone morphogenetic protein to mediate developmental processes. Mutations in any of the components of the Shh pathway can lead to congenital defects and diseases, including cancer. Hence, the Shh pathway has become a potential target for inhibitor/drug development for the treatment of cancers and degenerative diseases ...
We are a leading supplier to the global Life Science industry: solutions and services for research, development and production of biotechnology and pharmaceutical drug therapies.
© Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, 2014. All references to Merck refer to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.
Frases para Fitas de Finalistas Parabéns finalista! Concluíste mais uma etapa da tua vida. Espero que daqui para frente a tua vi...
The last time I bought a mattress for myself was about 11 years ago. I bought a fairly new full-sized one off a coworker. Four moves and a decade later, we’ve decided it’s time to replace it with an adult (and sometimes an extra toddler)-sized bed.
When we started looking, I was shocked at the prices. $3000 for a mattress? What the heck are these things made of? Knowing very little, we went shopping for a mattress and other things on a Saturday morning. The first place, we stopped, Sleepy’s, seemed nice enough. We laid on a few and honed in on the one that we both felt most comfortable in. Meanwhile, Audrey discovered the fun of letting herself fall backwards onto mattresses and did it all over the store. She was giggling and the whole store couldn’t help but look and smile at her. Unfortunately, we soon stopped smiling.
When we found something we liked, the seemingly helpful salesman started to get more aggressive. He asked how much we were looking at paying and I made up a number on the spot, something way below the listed price on the bed. The said he would “talk with his manager” and see if he could get us that price. Then he started asking us if we could commit and have it delivered tomorrow. Anne had walked outside to give Audrey a break by that point, so I said I had to go out and talk with her about it. We talked about it for a bit, then decided we didn’t like the high-pressure sales pitch, so we got ready to leave.
I had the car started up when the salesman came out and approached the car window. He then said that he had “talked to his manager” and he could give us the price we wanted AND a free “platinum package”. I said we would talk about it and let him know. We again decided this was sketchy, but to make good on my promise, I went in and gave him my phone number and left.
Later that day we went to Jordan’s Furniture, generally known to be a reputable place with reasonable places. The salespeople there were nice and NOT high-pressure. Prices were generally lower, but strangely, we couldn’t find the mattress we found at Sleepy’s. They had Sertas, but not the one we liked.
Being indecisive, we left with a couple new names of ones we liked. Later, we went to Mattress Discounters. The woman there was not pushy and told us about the BBB complaints that Sleepy’s (a 700-store chain) had gotten. We decided to think some more and head home.
At home, I did some research online and I found something strange – I couldn’t find much of anything on the mattresses we saw that we liked. I found some mattresses, many of the same brand, but not the same models.
I later came to find out that this was completely intentional. The mattress industry is one big scam. There is no way to make an objective decision on a mattress using actual facts.
1. They mark up their prices 100% to 200%!! No wonder the first guy was able to get his “manager” to give me such a steep discount. They were probably still going to make hundreds of dollars of profits on it.
2. They give the same mattresses different names in different stores or they set up exclusivity agreements by mattress line in certain stores. This makes it impossible to comparison shop because…
3. They make it really had to get actual facts about the mattresses. Stuff like coil counts, materials, overall construction are shrouded in secrecy. But that doesn’t really matter because…
4. There’s no objective measure of mattress quality. Consumer Reports won’t rate them because they can’t get the data and there’s no testing that actually says higher coil counts are better or the number of wires in the coils makes a difference in any way. You’re left to deciding how much you believe the marketing. Is a pillow top made of alpaca hair any better than one made of cotton? Your guess is as good as mine.
5. There’s very little online reviews of mattresses, probably because the model names are so fractured. The ones I did find looked more like content-free sites designed to attract referral credits.
With some more research, I found out that it was somewhat possible to compare mattresses models from different places. It turns out that they really only make one hardness variation in each line. So you can assume that a Plush Firm mattress in the “Classic” line, is the same as another Plush Firm in the Classic line, even if they have different names.
US-mattress.com was very helpful in figuring this out. We were able to understand which mattresses we saw and how they related to each other. For example, the mattress we liked at Jordan’s was a product line better than the one we saw at Mattress Discounters, even though they came out to the same price! Clearly Jordan’s had the better deal, but US-Mattress had an even better deal.
So I did something I never thought I could do, buy a mattress over the internet. I’m pretty sure it’s the same one we saw in the store and the free delivery and frame were a good deal. I’m sure that even if I’m getting it at half the price I saw it listed at elsewhere, they’re still making a decent profit on it.
Anne and I agree that buying a mattress is worse than buying a car. While both have sketchy salespeople, when you buy a car, you can compare them on MPG, size, features, etc. Multiple dealers have the same models so you can compare prices and make an informed decision based on their invoice prices. There’s none of that when buying a mattress.
Our mattress should arrive in a few weeks. Hopefully we’ll just find it comfortable enough to have to avoid going through buying a mattress again for at least another 11 years.
UPDATE: The mattress arrived quickly and in good condition. We’ve been sleeping on it for several nights and while it feels comfy, I’ve had some upper back soreness which seems to be related to the new mattress. I’m going to keep trying it for a few more weeks and see if my body adjusts as the US-mattress.com website suggests. Hopefully it will go away. Otherwise, we’ll have to find another one and do a $100 exchange I guess.
The misconception consumers have is that there is one “best” mattress or a mattress that is the “top of the line.” The true best mattress for you is one that is custom tailored to you and your partners shape and weight. This information is not something that can be passed over the internet. There are some honest companies who believe in “Open Architecture” mattress systems in which the covers are zippered and you have the ability to see each layer of the mattress. This ensures that you are not being sold “mystery meat” trademarked technologies that you have no ability to research. Also note that in terms of long term support your mattress will only be as strong as its weakest link, meaning anytime you introduce a synthetic foam, mattress cover, or inferior coil system, (ie: coils tied together,) your mattress will likely break down much sooner than a mattress made of more natural materials like, 100% cotton, 100% wool, 100% natural latex – (don’t buy into organic latex as there is no such thing, all latex has synthetic materials, soaps and sulfurs, honest companies will be forthright with this info and not claim organic. Be wary of blended latex however (SBR latex), biggest tell-tale sign is they are a lot lower price.
Beyond the mattress it is also important to have a friend or partner with you to check your spinal alignment for neutrality. The ability to unload the spine on your side/back will give you much better quality sleep. Comfort is subjective, proper support is not, and the best long term option will be finding the right balance between the two.
1. never buy a mattress because of the warranty, even the best long lasting bed will truly only last around 8-12 years before a notice in change of firmness. No bed will last you 40 years and still be supportive. It may last 40 years with a big sag in the middle though. 🙂
2. Ask about allowance for sag in the warranty as a direct indication of what they really think about their mattresses. IE: “This is the best bed ever and will last you 40+ years but just so you know in the first 2 years if you see an 1.5″ sag, or body impression in the mattress that is totally normal.”
If there is any allowance for sag in the bed over a 10 year period I highly advise staying away from the bed regardless of the price as if will likely only work for a very short period.
Also, although you probably can’t buy from them as they are based in UK, this site has masses of invaluable generic mattress construction info that will gear you up with info and tips before you even start venturing into the showrooms. No matter what you end up buying, the info here will put you steps ahead in your hunt. http://www.factory-beds-direct.co.uk/understanding-beds
I bought a Simmons Natural Care Latex Cypress Pillow Top in 2008 and was told it had a 25 year warranty. Hubby and I are currently shopping for a new mattress as this one has dips on his and my side of the bed, where we sleep and a lump in the middle, where neither of us sleeps! We paid over $3000 for this mattress and feel like we were ripped off. Plus when I went to do some research on Simmons Latex mattresses, they don’t make this line anymore. Maybe because they wear out quicker than we were told??? We used to have a Tempurpedic and that lasted 15 years. We are thinking of going back to those again.
It went out because it is a pillowtop. No matter what brand you buy pillowtops always get impressions.
The same thing happened to us at mattress firm, we bought a top of the line mattress 5 years and it’s sagging on each side and a lump in the middle. The cover on the mattress is taut, but the filling sunk in. I would never buy again from this company, and believe me, we’re passing the word around.
Thank you for this recommendation. Sleepy’s was purchased by Mattress Firm, and I will not have anything to do with either company.
I bought one from sleepys. Its 2 years old and we have turned it 4 ways already to get some sleep. My back is killing me from that mattress. I use to They were good mattresses. Wish I still had them. But people make them and they get paid by production. I have seen many with things left out and corners cut on a mattress. I paid $2,000 and its a piece of crap. We tried 2 before getting this one same place. They all sagged. We were led to believe we could not get our money that we had to do an exchange. 24 months old and its got big ole sags on 4 sides.
This is a depressing thread to say the least, I too am a victim of the sears grand canyon special mattress with a sag that is about 4 inches after 2 years…………………I had a simmons beaty rest set made in 1974 until 1994 and it was still comfortable with no sag and no springs sticking through when the top fabric actually began to wear out………darn I miss it………I’m a side sleeper and right now you can not find a soft spring mattress anywhere……….softness comes from quality springs correctly rated and made from quality spring steel…………….they don’t make quality spring steel in china…………………believe me as I am a mechanic. Toppers and foam toppers should not be necessary. I do have to say that my sister did buy some matresses from Crate and Barrel that cost a fortune but are high quality………..but still modern day too damn stiff………….
The construction of Simmons Beautyrest mattress looks pretty cool. The drawback I felt about Simmons beautyrest is its one-sided feature. The mattress uses high temper spring coils and 3 layers of cooling foam to regulate the temperature on the surface. The body conformity, spinal support and motion transfer are all sticked on to this arrangement. The mattress uses 15.5 gauge steel coils to give a firmer feel. Although the company provides 25 years of warranty, an average life span of a mattress is said to be 8-10 years. A mattress that goes more than that can come up with sinkage and back pain issues. But apart from that, a simmons beautyrest mattress is worth the money you pay for.
I have owned my $2000.00 Simmons Beauty Rest 18 months and it has tears and the side seams are ripping apart
Simmons WAS a great company that was bought by a turn’n burn financial engineering company. The new CEO hollowed out the company, making it temporarily more profitable. They also started sourcing from China, but there were some subtleties of making a really good mattress which didn’t cross the ocean. So, now that expertise and production capability is lost, but the replacements were brand-name money for throwaway goods.
IDK if they are rebuilding the company and restoring their quality. Right now I’m sleeping on a Simmons, it feels well constructed (weighs a ton, even in the sub-queen size), but it’s the ultra-firm model, too firm for me. It’s so heavy I don’t want to flip it to check the label! Maybe they’ve gone back to their old, expensive, well made stuff. *Maybe*.
1. For the most part the names are different from store to store, but the descriptions and mattresses aren’t. A beatyrest silver cushion firm is the same from store to store. The store I work for right now doesn’t name them at all.
2. Although there is a big mark up, not all mattresses are negotiable. Tempurpedic, sealy hybrid, serta Icomfort and beautyrest black and some of the best mattresses out there and are not allowed to be discounted. In fact, if a retailer is willing to drop price, you are typically getting a mattress that wont last more than 5 or 6 years.
3. A pillowtop will fail within 3 years every time. I don’t care what I cost, pillowtops are trash. If buying coil, You should buy the firmest version of your favorite and get comfort from a topper that can be replaced in a year. Otherwise you will be replacing the whole mattress in a couple years.
4. Memory foam is better than coil, but not all foams are the same. Everyone sells a bed in box model these days. News for you, they all suck. They are nothing like tempurpedic or icomfort. They wont last more than a couple years and are 90% poly foam, gross.
5. Here are the names that are worth the money and they are all nationally named so you can shop around:
1. Tempurpedic -your best chance of a mattress lasting considerably longer than 10 years. Also the best nights sleep by far. Just make sure you take your time and find the right one for you. (I own the cloud elite)
2. Beautytest Black by Simmons- 10 to 12 years. The Black series has the most steel and therefore support of any coil mattress.
3. IComfort by Serta- the foam version should last 12 years, the hybrid about 10. These prices are controlled by Serta at a fair rate. This creates a good value when compared to the Black or Tempurpedic. (Also controlled pricing but at a higher cost).
That’s really it. If these prices blow you away, then I would suggest the Beautyrest Silver line. The silver is not controlled, so don’t be fooled into paying full price. $700 is fair for a queen set. Just know that the silver won’t last over 8 years, less the more you weigh. Unfortunately, it is what it is.
The last thing is to make sure you get a waterproof, breathable protector $120 for a queen dritec from a company called bedgear. A dritec wont change the feel of a mattress and will keep the moisture out of the foams. Nothing breaks down foam like moisture.
You’ve said all I need to know about your mattress preferences. We bought a Tempurpedic, slept on it for 30 days, and both of us felt like we’d been in a car accident, we had so many aches and pains. Good for fibromyalgia my a$$!
you change your mattress every 10 to 11 years, so for 11 years you wont buy a single mattress, a single shopkeeper if he wont get 5k per mattress why would he manage a shop, its just useless ! you want mattress at manufacturing price thats not possible.
Because of the long duration price has to be little high… its like buying a maruti and bmw you talking about. Than you should call bmw also a scam.
If the mattresses actually lasted 10-11 years, that would be a valid point. However, my wife and I (neither of us overweight) get 2 years max. from name brand, middle-of-the-line mattresses before the pits and hump form. We finally started buying inexpensive twin-XL mattresses, putting them side by side on our king foundations, and stretching the king fitted sheet over them. That way we get new mattresses cheaply every couple of years. With two in the bed, you never really have the luxury of sleeping in the middle any way.
When we bought our first king mattress 25 years ago, we had a solid, “flip-able” mattress that was comfortable and functional for well over ten years. We donated it to a relative that couldn’t afford to buy a king. Ever after, we have only found single-sided (unflip-able) mattresses that simply don’t last. As stated above, matters manufacturers have turned the entire industry into a crappy used car scam. 1.5-2″ of sag is not acceptable wear-in of the mattress. That’s a pit. The multitude of seller-specific models is there only to make comparisons impossible.
Look for a local manufacturer. At least there you can evaluated models across multiple years without intentional obfuscation.
We bought a Sealy posturpedic preferred series 6. Yrs ago. It’s a king pillow top. I love it. I discovered if I turn it every three months 1/4 turn, I get a Cal. King! Have to put the fitted sheets on 1/4 turn too but thus creates even pressure on all surfaces. Thus is not a flippable mattress so only turning it 1/4 instead of all the way around gives you much more even wear and tear. So far no sagging!!
I do call BMW a scam. Do not buy a BMW, because once the warranty goes out you can’t afford the car.
We’ve gone through 4 mattresses in 4 years. We only weigh like 135 and 150. They get indented in 3-6 months. My moms mattresses are 10 years old and no indentations and are great. What has changed in recent years?
They are made like crap. $3200 king mattress sags 1.5 ” in two months. I weigh 130 pounds and I am only there four nights a week. Sleepy is the worst.
Thats ridiculous. I would never spend that much on a mattress anyway. There are so many small quality companies now that offer excellent mattresses for way less than “name brands”. Purple, Ghost Mattress, Brentwood Home etc..
I told the mattress I was buying was “all organic” and it turns out that was not true. The mattress contains synthetic material, the latex contains chemicals, and more.
When I realized the mattress was not ‘all organic’ like I was told, I checked the other dealers and they too didn’t disclose the synthetic material all the while they advertise the mattress as being “all natual”, “organic” and more.
The manufacture has been so horrible to deal with, I made a web site to warn others so they don’t get duped like I did. It is http://www.mymattressreview-berkeley.com It is my hope others can learn from my mistake.
Plus I hate the comfort and durability of the bed. It has a VERY THICK QUILTED top that I HATE. I also noticed the latex is breaking down real fast and its HOT to sleep on, maybe due to all the wool in the exterior cover (?).
It’s the latex that would’ve made you hot. Wool self regulates the temperature, so it’s not too hot or too cold. I’m looking into making my own wool mattress, since they are made to last a lifetime
Hmm. I sort of fell for this “self regulation”. I’m sorry. It’s utter nonsense. Wool is a good insulator – as in woollen jumpers. My wool pillow is the best I’ve had, however, but nothing to do with heat – it keeps its loft whilst remaining soft. My original wool duvet proved far too warm in summer, despite the manufacturer’s claims to the contrary. The answer – I now own three different thicknesses of wool duvet, and a woolen blanket that I use with a sheet when it is very warm. Yes – wool is lovely – but is just like everything else inside a duvet – an insulator. Also, wool duvets are rather “mat like” compared with down – not everyone likes that aspect. They do not flow around you as other fillings do.
It is always good to buy a mattress from a retail store. This helps you to try out the mattress and know the level of comfort and support. But if you go for an online purchase, you can get confused. There are online sellers who sell mattresses of different companies. While there are manufacturers who sell their own product (mattress). One of the drawbacks of online mattress purchase is that you cannot try the product. Online stores, who sell mattresses of different companies, offer limited returns and refunds. But if you buy from Saatva, you get refund within 75 days, less the original delivery fee. Tuft and Needle accepts returns within 30 days of purchase. So personally, I feel that it’s good to buy either from a retail store or from direct manufacturers online.
Buying a mattress is a nightmare. It’s confusing, misleading, high pressure. The return scam is even worse. Restocking fee, plus a charge to pick it up, and some other, unnamed charge. It would be funny if it weren’t so expensive. Coil count. Wire gauge. Cooling foam (really?)
a spring mattress is just springs with layers of soft stuff on top. I don’t care if it costs $300 or $3000, it’s the same animal, just more hype. Good luck.
I have been to 3 mattressfirms in the last few days and everyone I went to said I was there only customer. I was in there for literally 2 hours talking to the salesman and trying out different mattresses and nobody came in….he was straight with me and told me that it’s not unusual to have only 1 customer or 2 customers a day. So if these stores can afford to take a loss for 2, 3 days in a row without selling a mattress and paying to keep the store open and pay the salesman (hourly rate for 10 hours or so) then obviously they are making a huge profit on every mattress that they do end up selling….They are marked up big time…The mattress companies are making out because they make exclusive deals so you can’t price shop and have to purchase that one from that store…
also they give you little add ins that you really don’t care about like pillows etc…I didn’t come in to a mattress store to buy a pillow, I came in to buy a mattress…I don’t want a pillow I want a mattress so I want the mattress for less than the list price….
Then they get you with the 0% apr for 60 months…or whatever you qualify for…I qualified for 3300/36 months….problem is I can’t use the 36 months on a 1200 dollar mattress so they force you to buy a more expensive (and much greater return on investment for them) mattress….Most people would rather pay 2500 if they get in for 36 month finance deal vs 2200 for a 24 month deal…they don’t care about the total price and just care about the monthly payments…that’s how they get you too…
I believe my theory is true on how these mattress companies stay afloat. They open a store with new product. They have people come in and sit on said product, yielding a “floor sample”. They wrap up the ” floor model” as “never owned” and sell out the back door to people who peddle them on Craigslist or at flea markets or out of the back of a truck as “still in package”. The mattress company covered their cost, plus some and the peddler pushes a huge savings. I bought one 11 years ago and I swear that’s where it came from. I even wonder if the mattress companies have their own fleet of people pushing the “still packaged” ones. Every once in a while they make a sale in the showroom and then it’s a bonus.
I like how you say that a 100-200% markup is a “scam” Surprise…. literally EVERY retail good or service has that much mark-up…. Guess what… your burger at applebee’s is prices at $10.99, but do you think there is actually more than $5 in food cost on that plate? NO, but they’ve got to pay for the rent, employees, etc… And the $9 graphicTshirt you buy at walmart, do you think that cost them $5? NO, a simple single color silk screen Tshirt made in Malaysia and shipped over here in a container cost less than $1.50 LANDED at the warehouse door. Of course an internet sale would be cheaper, because they don’t have to pay for a store or a sales person, just a warehouse and driver, but you don’t get the benefit of seeing, touching, testing the product before you buy if it’s from a webpage.
While I am not in favor of governmental intervention in most cases, I hate when these companies do crap like this to confuse consumers. Every single site and store I looked at has different names for Beautyrest mattresses. Beautyrest does not make 300 mattress varities. My girlfriend got one a year ago and I find it extremely comfortable and wanted to buy one for my parents, But cannot find that name anywhere now and it’s confusing. Should be very easy but they purposely do this for short sighted reasons. Where are the consumer agencies?
I totally agree. Just went mattress shopping yesterday. It does seem to be a huge scam. Didn’t seem to be that way 25 to 30 years ago. If you wanted a Beautyrest Luxury, you could find the Beautyrest Luxury at every store you went to. It is very confusing for consumers.
I purchased a $2,600 bed with 60 months financing. Hope it remains as comfortable as it was in the store, LOL. Time will tell. I’m sleeping on a 14 year old bed right now and because I’m a little older than when I bought it, obviously, and have suffered a few industrial accidents, I need a bed that’s a little easier on the hips and shoulders, and not so firm.
You are absolutely wrong!(Unless you go to really high end furniture retailer such as Ethan Allen). For 90% of most retailers are around 90-110%(.48-.52 margins). This is why you can’t trust the Internet for reasons like this. I agree with Tim, most brick and morter retailers need to make these profits to keep the doors open. If you want to be upset with mark up why don’t you complain to apple for the $3 charger you just paid $30 for.
Joe how did go about this to the hotel. Is there a website I can go one ? I think that was a great idea I just want to know how to go about it
Over the last ten years I bought three different sets of Mattresses and Box springs. The first because we needed to provide a mattress for a new bedroom set. Got it home and it progressively got worse. Putting up with that I bought a top of the line. which seemed to get harder as time went on. I travel in my job and stay at Hilton properties. I always loved their beds, especially at the Doubletrees and Embassy suites. I researched them and found you can order everything the pillows, sheets , mattresses and covers. We did that and never looked back. They brought it to the house, and took away the old ones. This was the best mattress investment I ever made.
Never buy a mattress online u really don’t know what u are getting. If you keep using brick and mortar stores as showrooms for online retailers well
Major brands and large chain stores sell as many units as possible period. if it works for you consider yourself lucky if it doesn’t well you’ll be dealing with hired complaints personnel who do nothing but find excuses to get the store off the hook.
This is an industry that change and technology actually doesn’t work , the highest end mattresses are made the same way a mattress was made 60years ago.
When you buy a mattress from Sleep Country, they tell you you can try it out for 60 days or 90 days and if you don’t like it you can return it. But you have to keep the waterproof mattress protector on the bed. But say, after 2 years, maybe you don’t want to sleep on vinyl anymore and will remove this protector. The vinyl makes me sweat and I am already a hot sleeper. And what is the point of mentioning all the fine materials used in the mattress, like cashmere, wool, etc. when you end up wrapping it in vinyl? This is what happened to me. After 6 months or so of sleeping on my new Simmons Beautyrest Imperial Plush mattress I removed the vinyl cover and just used a cotton one with usually 2 sheets. I am a hot sleeper and get night sweats so there are a few minor sweat stains on the mattress. Why worry, this mattress isn’t going anywhere and the 3 month return policy is long gone. Then 3 years after having the mattress my husband and I notice it is starting to sag in the middle-starting to feel like we are rolling into the center but the edges have remained hard. This goes on and we’re starting to talk about it – what should we do, etc., thinking I am out $1700 and will just have to go buy a new one. So after 4 years has gone by we have reached the breaking point – that’s it with the mattress – you are literally rolling into the center – and my husband says, why don’t you call Sleep Country and see what they say – can’t hurt. So anyway, you know the routine, many months later an inspector is sent out on a particular day to asses the mattress. he finds indeed that it has sunk at least 1 and a half inches in the center which makes the mattress replaceable under the 10 year warranty ( in theory, mind you). But he notices the slight sweat stains and says that I have to have them removed or when the delivery guys come to pick up the old mattress and deliver the new (1 of the same value that I have picked out), they will not take it – it has to be free of all stains. Now, if this mattress is now 3 to 4 years old and has a defect, WHAT DOES IT MATTER THAT IT HAS A FEW STAINS ON IT??? Are they giving it to someone else? And another thing, you have exactly 7 days from when the inspector shows up to go pick out a new mattress and then contact Sleep Country customer service again to put the whole replacement thing in motion. So you arrange the cleaning, go pick out the new mattress and set this all up. This is basically presenting you with an impossible situation in which to get your new mattress. It is their way of making sure that no one actually gets to really take advantage of the ’10 year warranty’. I asked them on the phone, So why is it that the mattress has to be totally clean if it is defective? Are you giving it to someone else? Some ‘mumbo jumbo’ answer about Health Canada regulations saying the mattress cannot have any stains………..are they giving the mattress to Health Canada employees??? My previous Simmons Perfect Sleeper bowling ball mattress is a flippable and is at least 16 years old and is still in the house in the spare room ( thank God or we’d have nothing to sleep on). I have arranged for the cleaners to come to try to clean my defective dipped mattress, although I am not sure what for – I will post what happens…………………..
I’m dealing with the same situation. It is a scam. If they produce a defective mattress, whether we seat on it or not, the warranty applies.
It’s clear that manufacturers are trying to resell them for an additional profit on their trashy and expensive and unreliable junk.
Good post. I kind of laughed reading it. Your right the mattress industry is a big scam. The big names in mattresses are all marketing. There are a ton of equally high quality, lesser known mattresses out there for far less money. Thanks for informing. – Derek
The mattress industry has become complicated recently and finding a good mattress has become another haystack riddle. funny enough, the same mattress model can be sold for a totally different price tag. I personally do not also believe that a mattress shouldn’t cost anything above 1,000… Even if it comes with a lifetime warranty.
Oh dear folks you all getting a bad deal in UK PRICES are but a 10th a90% discount in fact major stores sell complete beds frame and matress from $150 up and they do last you must be mad sukers to pay more than 400 for top line model
No where in here was Sterns & Foster ever mentioned. I bought a set for $3k (king) . It’s been 18 years with a little sagging on each side, but still comfortable! I was thinking of replacing but after reading all this, I’d never get one with this quality!
Keep it because the Sterns & Foster made today aren’t the same quality! I’ve been everywhere and the mattresses today are JUNK!
I got my mattress at a store called the Dump. I paid less than 2k for a king. It has served me well got the past10 years. My main complaint or question would be, why do the have to make them so deep (16 to 18 in) and without handles on the sides so you can rotate the mattress, since you can’t flip them any longer you need to rotate at least every 6 months. Also due to the size and weight they are heavy to lift to put on the contour sheet. It’s really had for us older people to lift.
We purchased a top of the line, expensive pillow top mattress with a 15 yr warranty. We rolled all over it, bought the suggested mattress cover (also a fortune) and have been happy until recently. Both sides have collapsed a pushed out causing a rolled edge: clearly a failure and manufacturers defect.
Today, the Art Van warranty inspector confirmed the defect, but refused to replace it because of stains on the mattress. There are three light stains from body lotion that weren’t blocked from their mattress cover.
After two years no mattress should collapse. Further, for Art Van to hide behind the manufacturer refusing a defective product because they can’t resell it to some unsuspecting buyer is absurd and rises to the level of consumer abuse and fraud.
Art Van is a major provider here and was recently sold. These shady practices will hurt their reputation.
I will not stop. I am a Consumer Advocate and will continue to escalate this until they recognize, admit and remedy this situation.
you wont believe this, I have tried the expensive mattresses, and I found out I sleep much better on the cheap one, for example I now use 2 twins to make a king, each one cost only $50, I have no sleeping issues whats so ever.
Very difficult to find a decent mattress and when trying to, getting proper verifiable, honest information from a credible individual making the sale.
Breaking the code you wrote of is essential or you may s well save the money and just stay with what you have and save the money.
Since I purchased a queen sized Beauty Rest 35 years ago and needing a new mattress 20 years later, as the warranty and sales person told me was how long the U.S. made item would last, I have had 3, that’s right, THREE, new mattresses. Each manufacturer, according to the new fire regulations as spelled out by the USMMOAA (just made that acronym up and it stands for – United States Matress Manufactures of Americas Association), has been making a one sided mattress and making them poorly. Having had three new mattresses over the 15 year period I think I have a reasonably decent perspective of the manner these are made, sold, the sales people’s ploy, peripheral products, pricing as well as trying to get satisfaction after the sale as a result of the product faling. Which they are not interested in as a result of having a market all to themselves (at the time what ever number of mattress manufacturers were out there nationally right after Tepurpedic hit the market big time in the later 1990’s) speaking of which the Tempurpedic people were the first disappointment as they did not welcome my phone call. There were 2 more after that previously named brand that also were eager to unload their matteresses but failed to back them up how they should for the cost people pay, but since this is not supposed to be a rant I would like to move on.
One of the biggest issues that I had with all the mattresses I looked at at the time was that they were just made to the single side and no longer could be flipped over. This single fact in all the mattresses I saw cut the life of these down by a minimum of 50%, May be more. A real tragedy to my way of thinking as well as to my financial well being as I have purchased 3 mattresses since 2000. Each one declining in price, as well as time able to use it (it being the mattress – based on my ability to sleep without a back issue).
I could write about this for a while, but will spare you only to say that they are now legally able to produce a double sided, for sleeping on, mattress.
If purchasing a new mattress make sure that you get the mattress you want with both sides that could be used for sleeping. Also make sure that there isn’t a two time return policy with returns for defects as well. I have found this a phenomenon with only one retailer, but found it disturbing nevertheless.
What ever it is you do to get your mattress just make sure that you do your homework or you will feel as if you’ve been robbed 5 to 7 years down the line.
Wow! Just wow! I am reading through all of these comments, you all are bashing each and every single mattress and company out there, mattresses are no longer just springs and foam any more, if half of you would literally look into it there’s a reason they are so darn expensive any more, being in the tech industry for 10 years, I asked multiple places such as Sleepys and Mattress firm and hand full of others and they literally didn’t beat around the bush, they were up front with me about why and how they have become so expensive.
1st Support – meaning they have used multiple test with multiple people that fall into each category for sleep needs. Meaning people who need firm support generally need a better support mattress ( which falls into the coils/springs that are used in the bed, the higher the density the more the cost of the mattress) the lower the density the lower the cost, cushion support on top of the springs/coils, the more materials on top ( hense better support and feel ) more or less depending what cushion on top your prefer in the 3 main categories aka: Pillow Top,Plush,and Firm.
2nd Technology – Most of you on here seem to not understand that buying a mattress isn’t about just picking out a mattress and making it work after you bought it. I will elaborate on this, when you go to a place such as Sleepys and or Mattress Firm or any other retailer they have higher end (better quality for better sleep) and lower quality for each budget.
–Each bed now has multiple layers for body support and comfort levels. They have done extensive testing and multiple test for people ( live people not computers ) on these beds for what the general customer wants, not what they think is needed!
3rd – Health – this may come as a shock to a lot of you, but as your body ages, your sleeping patterns and needs will changes about every 10 years which is when they say to replace a mattress any ways. If you constantly sleep on the same mattress over the course of 12+ years your body gets put out of wack and you start to become slee deprived! Yes sleep deprived! This isn’t something that the guy told me when I bought my mattress! This is a medical condition! Have you ever given thought to why you need so much coffee or feel tired throughout your day? Part of the reason more than 40% is due to what your sleeping on! Shocker I know! I didn’t have any idea! Half of the population is so hell bent on saving a few extra dollars that they skimp or don’t get a new mattress when it’s time! It’s killing us and depriving us from our good night of sleep! Laugh all you want but with my new mattress I bought at Mattress Firm it’s given me much better sleep, because I followed the process and went with what was best for my body, and I can honestly say I’ve never been happier with my choice!
I’m a real consumer that has the same feelings as the rest of you! There are times we need to stop bashing these companies for their prices and tactics! They have to make a living to! Just like the rest of us! They have families and households to support! If we stopped always looking for the cheapest thing or getting bent out of shape for having to shell out money for a good night of sleep on a high end bed then we’re the problem not them! Yes warranties and issues with problems do happen, it doesn’t mean they won’t help you or take care of you! We all do it in our businessness that we work in 🙂
If you must buy, ensure you pick up yourself or there when they are packing it for delivery to avoid them given you what you did not pay for.
Unbelievable! My husband and I dealt with Sleepys years ago and were bombarded with phone call after phone call. There were two calls before we even arrived home the same day!
It’s helped me decide on a new Bear mattress since their 10 year warranty covers all indentations and sinkage. Thanks!
Buy your mattress through Costo. As long as the mattress is within the manufacturer’s warranty period (ex., Sealy 10 yr), Costco will take it back and give you a FULL refund. You don’t have to pay for return pick up. They also use a third party company called Global Resources that handle Sealy purchases from Costco. I kid you not, Global Resources is the nicest and most helpful customer service office I have EVER dealt with. The only glitch was that Sealy took forever to let Costco know that they received the mattresses. I called Costco customer service (warning: loooong hold time – be patient). They went ahead and started the refund even though they had not heard back from Sealy. Wow! This doesn’t happen anywhere else. Btw, mattresses are NOT made like they used to be and they cost a great deal more. I bought new ones from Art Van a few weeks during a sale. They are not that great, but Art Van does not take back mattresses at all once the plastic is removed. I already regret the purchase (salesman and manager were very nice, though). Will just have to live with it. Should’ve stuck with Costco.
Just to clarify my comment above, in case anyone was wondering, I did not return the mattresses because I got tired of them. They were pretty bad from the get go, but a year later they were horrible and we just couldn’t take it anymore. My daughter developed chronic back and shoulder pain. The mattresses had to go. The Sealy ones from Art Van are only somewhat better. And Art Van makes you deal directly with Sealy if you want to return. I agree with someone else’s comment about mattress companies creating exclusive lines for each mattress store. Art Van offers price matching, but that’s impossible if the line is only sold at their stores. Also, they not only don’t list anything specific about their mattresses other than the flowery description, the sales people and manager are unable to directly answer any questions about materials, construction, spring count, etc. They tell you to go to the Sealy website, which, unfortunately, also does not list the info. Some of the Sealy mattresses at Art Van are not even mentioned on Sealy’s site. So, basically some stores just expect you to trust them and buy it. And we do. 🙁
I am the owner of Don’s Mattress Service in Massachusetts. Just to give you some background and a little knowledge, this is a family business that started with my great grandfather in 1919 on Portland street in Boston. From then until the 1970’s we were the second largest manufacture of mattresses in the area. In the 80’s the big companies started mass producing foam, memory foam and latex mattresses. As time has gone on a lot of these companies have even removed the spring from there mattresses and produce a lot of what you see today, a one sided mattress that is just chunks of some type of foam. Really a mattress that you can’t even turn over. Just another way for these companies to save money. Unfortunately this has become the standard that we have seen for many years now and unless you are over 35 years of age you probably don’t know of a better product.
So in that time my family has continued to manufacture a two-sided tufted inner spring mattress with cotton. The same way my great grandfather made them. Also our box springs are a real box spring with a spring in them covered in cotton the same way are mattresses are and covered with the same cotton material our mattresses are covered with. Best of all we stand behind our product and give our customers a 15 year unconditional warranty on our mattress and box springs. We are happy to give our customers a product that is affordable and that will last 20+ years.
If you want to know the reason that retail products and online products have different specs, look in the mirror. You went to brick-and-mortar stores for the privilege of actually trying out the product(s), then tried to order it online to save a few bucks. Shame on you. That’s the reason they have to make it difficult to compare product lines, otherwise all retail stores would cease to exist. If you ever try to run an actual business, you will find that in ANY business, the question is not about the percentage of markup, but how much actual profit is left at the end of the year. Retail stores have to pay much more for rent, utilities, employees, insurance, taxes, etc., etc., out of their “extreme markup’… online warehouses do not. So online mattress outlets may have a lower sales price, but actually make more profit at the end of the year. I personally do the opposite of what you did, I do my comparison shopping online, then call around locally to see who sells what I am looking for, then try it out in person. I expect to pay a bit more for the privilege of seeing the product first hand, and dealing with someone who has first hand experience. Again, shame on you.
We purchased a refrigerator. Within a couple months, and after the Repair Man came, it was replaced BY THE SAME MAKE AND #. It has worked well since — 10+ years.
We purchased a stove. Within a couple months, the Repair Man came, and adjusted the “computer.” It has worked well since — 8+ years.
Why, in the MATTRESS INDUSTRY are there Delivery, Take Away, Replacement costs? And, why, in the MATTRESS INDUSTRY is the consumer responsible for any and all defects, or reasons for Replacements?
Buy a sleep number bed. No coils, no bullshit. When it sags, you simply add more air. Been sleeping on one for 10 years and it is just as good as it was new. Will never sleep on anything else.
No, I do not work for the sleep number people. I am just 6″6″ and fat on top of that. I got tired of traditional beds developing a valley after a very short time. Sleep number, OUTSTANDING.
It is hard to call them scam, but definitely there are overpriced. Especially the ones with memory foam and coils.
My wife and I are replacing our 24 year old King mattress we purchased from Sam’s Club. My wife loves the bed to this day and we are only replacing because my hip is starting to pain me. It’s a simple pillow top and we’ve flipped it about twice a year. So all these comments about mattresses don’t last we are proof that some do last for many years.
Is anyone on this site concerned about the stench of these memory foam beds with poisonous fire retardants?? I brought a Serta Perfect Sleeper and it reeks of poison. Can anyone tell me about the Zenhaven latex bed??? Desperate
Archives Select Month October 2018 February 2017 December 2016 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 September 2014 July 2014 May 2014 December 2013 September 2013 August 2013 May 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 September 2012 April 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 October 2011 March 2011 January 2011 September 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 July 2009 May 2009 March 2009 February 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 January 2003
This update fixes an issue that causes a subscription to Microsoft Office 2011 for Mac to change from full retail license mode to trial mode.
If you already have a Gamer Launch account connect your Facebook account on your user profile first before using Facebook connect to login. Otherwise you may end up with a new account.
guild where they can be of importance and significance. We are a “co-op” of sorts where you get what
This Area is a placeholder for site content. The homepage is typically the only page without content in this area. Content that will display here are things like the forum list, posts, raid details and any other default content for a section of the site or piece of functionality.
World of Warcraft™ and Blizzard Entertainment™ are all trademarks or registered trademarks of Blizzard Entertainment in the United States and/or other countries. These terms and all related materials, logos, and images are copyright © Blizzard Entertainment. This site is in no way associated with or endorsed by Blizzard Entertainment™.
Select Month May 2016 (1) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (1) January 2015 (2) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) June 2014 (1) March 2014 (5) February 2014 (3) January 2014 (3) December 2013 (4) October 2013 (3) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (4) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (3) May 2013 (3) April 2013 (5) March 2013 (3) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (2) October 2012 (2) September 2012 (3) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (3) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (2) March 2012 (3) January 2012 (1) November 2011 (2) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (3) July 2011 (12) June 2011 (2) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (1) March 2011 (1) February 2011 (4) December 2010 (2) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (2) August 2010 (3) July 2010 (4) June 2010 (5) May 2010 (3) April 2010 (6) March 2010 (9) February 2010 (11) January 2010 (7) December 2009 (9) November 2009 (9) October 2009 (4) September 2009 (4) August 2009 (10) July 2009 (12) June 2009 (6) May 2009 (9) April 2009 (11) March 2009 (15) February 2009 (14) January 2009 (12) December 2008 (18) November 2008 (4) October 2008 (10) September 2008 (5) August 2008 (8) July 2008 (19) June 2008 (4) May 2008 (7) April 2008 (5) March 2008 (8) February 2008 (3) January 2008 (3) November 2007 (3) October 2007 (3) September 2007 (9) August 2007 (8) July 2007 (1) June 2007 (1)
I came upon Zoe quite by chance on App.net, a new Twitter-style microblogging community that’s only been around a month or so but quickly gathering speed. (Basically it’s a bit like Twitter was about 4 years ago, but that’s another post I think…)
Half an hour later I had enjoyed a good snoop around her blog, felt thoroughly envious of her glam lifestyle which basically involves the Bahamas, Berlin and an Italian husband…ah, it must be tough!)
But anyway –the point is that Zoe is both an excellent cook and an equally-excellent writer. I read her Sicilian Cannoli recipe from start to finish, it was such a fun read. The blog is full of great photos too – did I mention Zoe is also an accomplished photographer?
I know there are tons of food blogs out there but I was struck with the nice clean design of Rum & Reason, the interesting-sounding categories (‘Cool food, hot summer’, ‘Chocolate’, ‘Miami’…) and the range of great baking recipes. Baking often seems to be under-represented on general food blogs, but not so here.
As well as writing about food, Zoe also blogs about her travels, reviews restaurants, hotels and exhibitions, all with a witty and not uncritical eye.
The blend of sophistication and down-to-earth fun is really stylish, and just shows how a distinctive tone of voice and great photos can really contribute to achieving ‘standout’ in the blogosphere.
Tabelina is a handbag and accessories brand launched by Miami-based Founder and Creative Director Isabel Cancela with a gorgeous selection of bags and jewellery which has been hugely successful amongst celebrities and in stores from Miami to New York with the distinctive symbol of a majestic dragonfly in the shape of a woman's body.
A question which is a repetition of another’s question, or part of it, uttered for the purpose of checking that the question is relevant, or that the speaker has heard the question correctly. For example:
I met Winnie Madikizela-Mandela briefly, at the inauguration of Archbishop Desmond Tutu. My father had been invited. He took me along. It was a beautiful affair; the choir and choral music sublime. Mrs. Mandela was a beautiful woman in her youth. It was easy to see why Nelson Mandela had fallen for her.
As a young bride whose husband had been imprisoned for life, Winnie suffered bitterly, especially during her exile to “Brandfort in the Free State, where she was unceremoniously dumped at house 802 with her youngest daughter, Zinzi. There was no running water or electricity and the house had no floors or ceilings. The people spoke mainly Sotho, Tswana or Afrikaans and hardly any Xhosa, which was Winnie’s home language.”
With the years, however, Mrs. Mandela only grew angrier and more bitter, even when the good times rolled around.
She soon attained international ill repute for being embroiled in the practice of “necklacing” of so-called suspected police informers. “Necklacing,” for those who don’t know, is the more contemporary African custom of placing a diesel-doused tire around a putative offender’s neck and igniting it. Truth be told, her victims were regular black folks who weren’t loyalists of the African National Congress.
Little Stompie Moeketsi was “a teenage United Democratic Front (UDF) activist.” Winnie and her football team, aka posse (don’s ask me to explain), stood in the dock for these acts of barbarism against him and others:
Moeketsi, together with Kenny Kgase, Pelo Mekgwe and Thabiso Mono, were kidnapped on December 29, 1988 from the Methodist manse in Orlando, Soweto.[1] Moeketsi was accused of being a police informer. Screams were heard as Stompie Moeketsi was murdered, at the age of 14, by Jerry Richardson, member of Winnie Mandela’s “Football Club”. His body was recovered on waste ground near Winnie Mandela’s house on January 6, 1989.[1] His throat had been cut. Jerry Richardson, one of Winnie Mandela’s bodyguards, was convicted of the murder. He stated that she had ordered him, with others, to abduct the four youths from Soweto, of whom Moeketsi was the youngest.[3] The four were severely beaten.[2]
Involvement of Winnie Mandela In 1991, Winnie Mandela was convicted of kidnapping and being an accessory to assault.
According to a 1997 statement by the South African Press Association, the first-ever necklacing was of a girl named Maki Skosana, who in July 1985 was necklaced after being accused baselessly of involvement in the killing of several youths.
“With our boxes of matches and our necklaces, we shall liberate this country,” proclaimed Mandela’s increasingly deranged wife Winnie to The New York Times on February 20, 1989.
In windows 10 under RAM in task manager it says "Slots used: 1 of 2" I was wondering if this is reliable, searching my laptop on-line suggests that it only has one slot.
I recently needed to find out which memory slots where occupied on multiple machines. I found a command that allowed me to find this information without opening up a. How to Determine the Amount of RAM Slots In Use?. System Board Or Motherboard Use: System Memory Error. Where do you see 4 installed modules? -t 17.
RAM slots reported 4 slot,. says I have 4 total RAM slots, but I only see 2?. start up if i fill all the 4 ram slots, it only works if i use 2 memory sticks.
If you wanted to upgrade the computer in this example you would need to remove the old computer memory before new memory could be added.Start studying Chapter 3. a form of memory that. centrally managed computer with essential but limited capabilities and no extra drives or expansion slots.
How Much RAM Does Your New Database Server Need?. As you can see from Table 1, SQL Server 2008 could use up to. use, and what memory channels and slots you. Different types of RAM are incompatible with each other, so you must find the exact type of RAM installed on your office computer before upgrading the memory. Older.Your VAIO computer is equipped with an SD memory card slot. You can use this slot to transfer data among digital cameras, camcorders, music players, and other audio.
About the SD and SDXC card slot on your. SD describes devices that conform to SD standards for non-volatile memory cards. See the SD Association website.
As can be seen in the picture, the Crucial memory scanner has detected the compatible memory as DDR3 PC3-10600 and DDR3 PC3-12800 and also shows that there are no available memory slots available.
One site to help with this task is PriceWatch — here you can search for a specific type of memory and see the prices hundreds of online vendors are selling this memory for. Once you have located the vendor with a price that meets your budget needs, you can then visit Reseller Ratings, an excellent website which users customer's experiences to report on the validity of an online vendor.The Head (See drawing I). used for both the shoulder and hip pieces should be 4 1 \ 4 -5-. Small slots form.DIGITAL BATTERY TESTER WITH PRINTER is rated 5.0 out of. one battery per test. 250 previous test memory slots automatically. loc_, sid_2805865.Find What Type of RAM a Mac Uses & the. if there are open memory slots, and the RAM speed used. then choose the Memory tab to see details about.
Frequently Asked Questions About Memory PC66 PC100 PC125. to see How Much Memory you. has SDRAM memory. I have one memory slot available on the.
Looking inside the case, the motherboard is the primary large circuit board.Click here to see which products/categories this applies to. If your navigation device has a memory card slot,.
Do you know how much RAM is installed in your Mac? You should. you can see how the memory slots in your computer are currently being utilized.
coche de slot nm + loc adj: coche de autopista en miniatura nm + loc adj (AR). See Google Translate's machine translation of 'slot'. In other languages:.How do I check how many RAM slots I have in use?. has 2x1gb or 1x2gb ram slots. I mean, if both slots are used or if there's. for each memory slot,.It’s the only brand of memory selected, tested, validated and fully supported by Dell for use in Dell computers. Every module is manufactured using only Dell. Is it possible to fix laptop memory slot. Use the laptop as is with only one good memory slot 3. Use the. see a guitar pick stuck in a memory slot and.
Ourtimecom: ourtimecom - online dating site for men & women over 50 mature singles trust wwwourtimecom for the best in 50 plus dating here, older singles connect for love and companionship. When dating an older asian women posted on june 23, 2011 by antiscamchnlovereviewcom if you have taken a closer look at chnlove dating site, you will find some asian women here are relative older and more mature. Hot woman in selah, washington it's time to begin your best experience with online dating, it's time to meet sexy women or mature women in selah, washington with latinomeetup meeting new people, flirting and setting the first date is easier and much more fun on latinomeetup. Since i've been back into the dating thing, i've endeavored to find a small, petit woman as a departure from the taller, full-figured women i typically date.
Older men dating younger thai women 10th march, 2014 what are the potential issues for older western men dating thai women younger than themselves. Tieton's best 100% free mature dating site meet thousands of mature singles in tieton with mingle2's free mature personal ads and chat rooms our network of mature men and women in tieton is the perfect place to make friends or find a mature boyfriend or girlfriend in tieton. Tieton's best 100% free cougar dating site meet thousands of single cougars in tieton with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of cougar women in tieton is the perfect place to make friends or find a cougar girlfriend in tieton. Meet senior singles in tieton, washington online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site for senior dating in tieton.
Agelesslovecom's companion age gap dating site. Singles interested in petite women welcome to the fastest growing free dating site okcupid is free to join, free to search, and free to message. What is a dating site for older men and younger women if you're an older man and you'd like lots and lots of advice on meeting and dating younger women.
If you're past the club and bar scene, you'll need to look for mature women to date in places that are easy to navigate and nonthreatening some of the best places to meet mature women often have nothing to do with dating. Browse photo profiles & contact short women, height on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join.
Bookofmatchescom™ provides tieton sexy dating ads and sexy dates whether you want black, white, older, younger, skinny, big, or hot women we have all kinds of personal ads bom is unlike any other tieton date site in that it provides a fun environment online and on your mobile phone.
Plentyoffish dating forums are a place to meet singles and get dating advice or share dating experiences etc hopefully you will all have fun dominate women/bdsm.
Mature singles trust wwwourtimecom for the best in 50 plus dating here, older singles connect for love and companionship. Welcome all asian american singleschinese women, vietnamese women, korean women, japanese women, filipino women, and those who love themthis is a great way to meet a great group of asian american si. Older man younger woman dating sites w/dark focus ring driver dating site older women younger man de la web residential projects by titijaya land berhad and.
details – trim and fabric quality, movie system and more leisurely seats. New 2018 Subaru Outback Equipment The new 2018 Subaru Outback model year Outback can get far more advanced...
The refreshed 2018 Subaru Outback was revealed nowadays, just ahead of its debut next week in the 2017 New York Auto Show. Though not all new, the Outback gets a...
2018 Subaru Outback – Subaru provides a strategy to launch certainly one of their most wanted automobiles identified as 2018 Subaru Outback in future. Perfectly, it’s no shock. Subaru is...
2017 Subaru Outback – The engineers and designers of 2017 Subaru Outback have place plenty of effort to attain the dream of manufacturing a futurist SUV that may enhance the...
New 2017 Subaru Outback Interior The interior attributes in the new 2017 Subaru Outback contain an easy and fresh seeking cockpit which has a broad touch screed used by the...
of the 2017 Subaru WRX . blue color has become a trademark of the automotive Subaru, new Subaru WRX has changes that build it look a lot of aggressive and...
the front half, that is understood for Subaru models during this section. regarding everything else is solely guessed. 2018 Subaru Ascent New Seven Specs and Price 2018 Subaru Ascent are...
Subaru Outback the new 2017 Subaru Viziv is a greater car. The model 15 inches a lot more in length. Its wheelbase is 117.7 inches when its total body length...
tops the record), and several automobiles in the class are just all-around greater motor vehicles. 2018 Subaru Impreza Model The Subaru Impreza comes in 4 trims and two physique variations...
a speculation of 500 croresexcept for defeat and winIn the Indo-Pakinteresting matchthe bowler's performancethe half-century and the toss also took place.the hundred	Read More
Provides an opportunity for young people aged 12 - 25 and older people 55+ across Kingston to come together, undertake skill based workshops together and share their stories.
The Child and Youth Directory went live (Feb 2015) and is continuing to be developed and improved. If you have any suggestions to improve the website, please let us know. More....
A special thank you goes to the City of Wyndham for their support in the development of the Child and Youth Directory.
The information on the Child and Youth Directory is provided for general information purposes only. More …
After nearly one year on the job, East Baton Rouge Parish schools Supt. Warren Drake is well on his way to fulfilling one of his major commitments — the re-opening of Istrouma High School, once the largest high school in the state and believed by alumni to be one of the best. Known for its […]
The parties may be at war in Washington, but in Baton Rouge, leaders of the Democratic and Republican parties are working together to promote the democratic process. Democratic chairlady Carolyn Hill and Republican chairman Woody Jenkins had lunch last month to discuss possible joint projects including co-sponsoring debates and mock elections in schools this fall.
Ed Steimel, one of the most influential Louisianians of the 20th Century, passed away April 6 at the age of 94. Steimel was born in Pocahontas, Arkansas, on January 20, 1922. He studied journalism at Arkansas State and moved to Baton Rouge in 1951 to work for Public Affairs Research Council, where was executive director […]
Legislators handling key bills on sanctuary cities and religious liberty described their legislation at a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce of East Baton Rouge Parish. Rep. Jay Morris (R-Monroe) is the author of HB 453 on sanctuary cities. A so-called sanctuary city is a city which has a policy against turning over illegal aliens […]
A packed house at Annual Patriots’ Day at the Rural Life Museum heard guest speaker Bill Federer review the history of Islam and its aggression against the West, spanning the past 1,500 years. Using a comprehensive slideshow and many sources from Islam, Federer showed the Muslim conquest of the Middle East, North Africa, and much […]
Republicans who want to support the party’s efforts in the Baton Rouge area in the fall elections can help by joining the new Ronald Reagan Club. Members of the club make a once-a-year donation of $400 to the party or contribute $35 a month for 12 months. To join, fill out the form below.
Republican Parish Executive Committee member Barbara Thomas told local Republicans Thursday she could never support Hillary Clinton for President because of her stand in favor of abortion and against traditional marriage. In addition, Thomas said Clinton has done nothing for African Americans. She said people need jobs and that’s what she expects Donald Trump to provide.
The East Baton Rouge Republican Parish Executive Committee voted to endorse Donald J. Trump for the Republican nomination for President at its meeting last Thursday. The committee spent most of the meeting planning how to raise its budget for the upcoming election season. The party will be helping with Republican campaigns for President and Vice President, U.S. Senate, […]
Metro Councilman John Delgado brought his campaign for Mayor-President to the Ronald Reagan Newsmaker Luncheon Tuesday and outlined his plans for City-Parish government, especially fighting crime. He said crime is the No. 1 problem facing the parish, and he wants to add 200 officers to the Baton Rouge Police Department. The outspoken Republican who takes […]
In analyzing the general election in November, it is important to keep our eyes on the ball. While the media will talk incessantly about women and Latinos, they are really not what the election will be about at all. The general election is fought state by state. You have to look at the swing states […]
The apartment is located on the 4th floor with an elevator, and is part of a newly renovated property. The apartment includes entrance hall, nice newer white kitchen with all appliances, bedroom, and spacious livingroom with fantastic light, extra bedroom and bathroom with shower.
The apartment has a great layout and is perfect for international tenant who wants to be in the heart of Copenhagen, but at the same time stay in a property in high quality as well as a wonderful opportunity.
The apartment is located on Fiolstræde, which is a great central location for shopping, restaurants and public transport. There is only a 5 minute walk to the nearest metro station which can take you directly to the airport. This area is attractive due to the charming street environment with outdoor cafes and shopping.
Thank you 'folkens' for participating in the Latinfestival and the show! A couple of impressions further below.
- after week 7 (12. Feb.) all NTNUi new beginners are welcome to join the Monday or Wednesday trainings at our main training studio "DansiT" without additional charges!! (Address: Strandveien 33, Trondheim, see adult training schedule above for training times)
rocking chair pads plans hal taylor double art museum covers etsy,walnut rocking chairs comfortable handmade heirlooms chair pads australia covers uk nursery cheap,rocking chair with ottoman walmart maple seat grain covers outdoor,rocking chair outdoor covers with ottoman canada white fabric cushioned which furnished black walmart,maple rocking chairs comfortable handmade heirlooms chair cushions outdoor with ottoman for sale in sri lanka,rocking chair plans uk with ottoman cushions wooden solid maple wood rocker walmart,woodworking project paper plan to build mission style rocking chair cushions walmart covers for sale plans maloof,rocking chair with ottoman for sale cushions amazon chairs custom made maple high back by,vintage tell city maple wood rocking chair covers chairs for sale uk,cherry wood rocking chair chairs by this covers for sale nursery amazon.
You will also find boys who were forced to struggle for IS. A desperate energy is currently underway to reunite these Women of all ages and kids Using the families they have already been divided from – and to rehabilitate All those whose minds are already stolen because of the team.
What kinds of Wi-Fi hotspots will Project Fi quickly link me to? Project Fi connects you to definitely cost-free, open Wi-Fi networks that do not call for any action to get linked (like, enter a password, watch an ad, or Look at-in). We make use of a network quality databases to help decide which networks are superior quality and dependable.
What comes about if I already have a Project Fi account and accept an invite to affix somebody’s Team System? Once you take the invite we’ll routinely near your previous account and move your quantity in excess of.
• We offer a bit by bit clarification of every one of the thoughts been questioned. It gives them clarity of what continues to be carried out and can make it quick for them to answer even more inside their universities.
Utah's On the net Library is an ideal spot to get help with your investigate projects and homework assignments. Utah college students, question your Trainer or school librarian for the house obtain login.
Prevalent homework assignments may perhaps include a amount or period of examining to be carried out, producing or typing to get completed, math issues to become solved, content for being reviewed in advance of a exam, or other skills to generally be practiced.
A project could also be a list of interrelated jobs to get executed more than a fixed period of time and within just particular Charge and various limits.[2]
Back again to Best Homework is made straightforward with Tutorvista. The scholars can post their inquiries online to obtain the solutions. They might also get elaborate explanations on specific subjects expected within the tutors.
It requires students to undertake their unique reality-obtaining and analysis, possibly from library/World wide web investigate or from gathering data empirically. The written report that originates from the project will likely be in the shape of an dissertation, which can include sections about the project's inception, Assessment, results and conclusions.[five]
• Pupils can look at our Focus on our Web page by clicking on cost-free sample Look at. They can then believe in us at the time they are snug with our function
Homework investigation dates again for the early 1900s. Nevertheless, no consensus exists on the general success on homework.[4] Outcomes of homework scientific tests change determined by many elements, including the age group of These analyzed as well as the measure of academic overall performance.[5]
It’s a common false impression that the sole folks who talk to: “Do my homework for money” are lazy college students who don’t intend to make effort and prefer to just enjoy staying a scholar rather than executing real studies. Having said that, that view is just Incorrect, mainly because any individual, even quite possibly the most diligent student, can operate into issues with math, particularly when the assignments are piling up and There may be significantly less and less time for executing them. In addition, math gets additional intricate and complex as you realize educational development, that is certainly why, even if you aced math assignments in the course of the initial yr of your respective studies, it is possible to experience problems afterwards.
“Hold out a minute,” I claimed, “we've been both equally graduates of IOBC, flight university and school trained Aeroscouts. The only real difference between him and Learn More me is he is married and I am single?”
Disclosure of Material Connection: A lot of the backlinks contained on this site are “affiliate backlinks.” This suggests in the event you click on the website link and buy the merchandise, I'll get an affiliate commission. This income is used to offset costs connected to preserving The Army Leader web-site.
Actress Rhea Bailey has secretly maintained a separate corner in her fans heart. Has she secretly invaded someone special heart or is she still searching for it, so today especially for her fan followers we are digging few details about her relationship status, her sexual orientation and about her partner (if she is dating anyone).
Actress Rhea Bailey has played the role of a lesbian soldier in the television series ”Coronation Street”. She was seen romancing her fiancée Kate Connor. The audience has really loved her performance in the series. As posted in The Mirror on 17th November 2015, she said:
“Caz and Kate’s relationship has been a whirlwind, and they’re apart a lot due to Caz’s job, but they’re totally in love and want to get married”
In real life, she is single and has a straight sexual orientation. Even though the audience has loved her performance of being a lesbian in real life she is really interested in men rather than girls. In an interview posted by The Mirror as on 16th July 2016, she said:
“I’ve definitely been hit on by a lot more girls than usual. The last time was at a ­funeral a few weeks ago.“I was like, ‘Is this really ­appropriate?’ but she was very sweet and attractive.“You can fall in love with ­anyone but my track record so far is I’ve only been in love with boys.”
The actress has kept her personal life quiet discreet. She has not mentioned anything about being in a relationship or dating any man. She has not been caught up by any rumor of having a boyfriend or getting married or having a husband or any children.
Hence, as no official statement has been released by the 33yr old actress we are assuming her to be single and keeping track on her social networking accounts if by chance she updates about her dating or being engaged.
Rhea Bailey was born on 12th September 1983 in West Yorkshire, England. She is the sister of Corinne Bailey Rae. At the age of 14, she went to stage school. She has an estimated net worth of $32 million. She accumulated the net worth through her dedication, hard work and through her passion for her work.
In the year 2008, she got her first movie break for the role of “Jazz” in the movie “Credo” After the success of her movie and her shows she appeared in plenty of television series like Doctors (2007) and The Bill (2008-2010).
Filed under: Branding, Campaign, Creative Direction, Curation, Editorial, Environmental, Exhibition, Graphic, Identity, Infographics
SG50 was a year of great memories and celebrations. Moving forward as a nation, we continue to celebrate the SG spirit with a new identity.
Singapore Art Week (SAW) 2018 seek to expand and broaden the audience’s interactions with art beyond seeing.
The SG Heart Map is a celebration of the places in Singapore that define home for us. This project provides opportunities for Singapore residents to reflect and connect based on the special moments and shared memories of these places which define Singapore as HOME as well as articulate their dreams/aspirations for the future of their HOME.
Filed under: Branding, Campaign, Community, Creative Direction, Curation, Environmental, Exhibition, Graphic, Infographics, Web
The KYO Project was created to introduce Japanese makers to opportunities outside of their local audience, reinterpret traditional Japanese crafts and extend their reach to a larger international audience.
The Dye-nosaur Gardens being the key event of the Gardens by the Bay’s annual Children’s Festival, transports visitors into an imaginative world, where adventures take place in a colourful prehistoric garden.
What would a day in Singapore look like come 2065? 10 designers and 10 illustrators from this city present their visions of her future today.
SingaPlural showcases the best design elements from the multi-faceted creative spectrum. SingaPlural 2017 brought about completely new perspectives with a refreshing take on design and how it influences our daily lives.
The Gouvernante Private Limited is a professional housekeeping service provider that manages your home and household needs. They aspire to enhance the quality of life by providing customers with premium services so that they can be relieved from the mundane household chores to do the things they love.
Honour (Singapore) is a non-profit organisation dedicated to promoting a culture of Honour and Honouring. It is a citizen-led initiative, founded by concerned citizens and guided by a multi-racial and multi-religious panel of community advisors.
Tunglok Teahouse offers a range of Chinese delicacies, from Dim Sum made fresh to traditional Teochew dishes that are recreated with Tunglok’s distinct creativity while retaining the authentic flavours and tastes of yesteryears.
The re-designed HDB Welcome Kit welcomes flat owners to their new neighborhood in a warm & friendly tone.
The National Design Centre is where designers and businesses congregate to exchange ideas, conduct business, use its facilities and obtain assistance from the national agency for design, the DesignSingapore Council.
A JR Group Initiative, Chef–in–Box was established in 2001 with the vision of creating quality meals in a box for the convenience of all individuals.
The Singapore Design Golden Jubilee Award is a commendation by the Minister for Communications and Information to honour Singapore’s pioneer designers.
This is a placeholder page for Irakli Beraia, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Irakli Beraia.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Irakli Beraia. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Irakli Beraia. We created this page automatically in hopes Irakli Beraia would find it. If you are not Irakli Beraia, but are an alumni of Blackfoot High School, register on this site for free now.
The FREPA framework of reference is a key to implementing pluralistic approaches to culture and language within classrooms. It has been designed by FREPA in association with the ECML “Learning through languages” programme.
It is designed for teachers of all subject areas that have an interest in pluralingual and intercultural education, as well as teacher trainers, decision makers, and curriculum and programme designers.
The framework itself presents a comprehensive list of descriptors covering knowledge, skills and attitudes, all of which are considered necessary within the perspective of pluralingual & intercultural education.
Thousands of North Carolinians have chosen to renew their health coverage under the Affordable Care Act without updating their subsidy information. If that describes you, time is running out to see if you’re getting the biggest subsidy possible to help offset the cost of coverage.
We’re letting ACA customers know about the Feb. 15 deadline for enrolling in 2015 coverage on the exchange. Direct mail and email communications went out last week to our customers who didn’t actively make any changes when they renewed.
The message is simple: You can still update your information and maybe wind up with a bigger ACA subsidy. But that opportunity runs out on Sunday, Feb. 15.
Of course, actual subsidy amounts — and eligibility for a subsidy in the first place — will be determined by the federal government.
And what if your income has gone up since last year’s ACA enrollment? Well, the IRS will compare what’s on your tax return to what you reported when applying for health coverage — and you could end up having to pay the difference. So it’s wise to provide your updated information.
Kyle Marshall, a senior communications specialist at Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina, writes about the health care industry and provides communications counsel and support to the company's executive team.
Here at Benztown we always check the web and magazines for new plug-ins and amazing gear which maybe help to take our imaging and music production to the next level… or we check out classics like the U47 and hit you up with a mic comparison (Side Note Andy: great feedback on that, thanks guys!). […]
© 2010 Benztown Branding – Radio Imaging. All Rights Reserved. Greyzed Theme created by The Forge Web Creations. Powered by WordPress.
So, week two on the other side of the pond. Start to miss my lil guys, even if I am having a great time here in Texas. To make the inc5000 list for the 4th year is a great honor and I am super thankful for all the guys I work with every day, the […]
What a week! We have been named for the 4th time in a row to one of America’s fastest growing companies . I m so happy about this as only one out of ten companies on the inc 500 list achieve this. I am so thankful to work with the best guys in the business […]
Thanks for a fantastic week, Fame FX Vol. 2 exceeded by far our expectations. You are rockstars, I am so happy about your feedback and especially about the guys who bought the first package 5 years ago and now went for the second edition.
It seems that more and more companies are switching to alternative purchase plans for their products. As Adobe and Avid for example did it for their production software, there are also smaller companies like Slate Digital who do this now with plugins!
Check out this great video all about the great boom in the Eagle Ford Shale play in South Texas. Before it’s all said and done, most experts agree it will be the greatest economic boom in the history of Texas and even one of the largest in the world.
As much as $30 billion was spent in the Eagle Ford in 2013 with an impact on local economies of more than $60 billion. More than 120,000 jobs have been created from development in the region.
Jeudi 11 Juin - The interaction between organic matter and microbes as a carbon sequestration pathway in the ocean
Jeudi 30 Avril - Forecasting climate change impacts on large pelagic fish populations and fisheries: progress, uncertainties and research needs
The dancer Xiaodie Shang arranged a dance "butterfly" for her lover who left five years ago, the dance made a good score, and she was invited by foreign cultural fund to Budapest to casting choreography.
The New Traditions Collection is hand crafted from sustainable, plantation grown Solid Mahogany. The bed features two large drawers on each side. Each drawer box is made from solid mahogany and features front and back english dovetailing with high quality, full-extension ball bearing glides.
Another great feature the New Traditions Collection features is a nightstand with a sliding and locking top that reveals a felt lined hidden compartment.
Children in Need - Wear own clothes, spotty or silly clothes - Bournville Infant School Bournville Infant School
Make sure you keep cosy with our winter warmers sale. Full of clearance clothing and winter fashion accessories, we know you will find the perfect style and a great deal in our winter apparel.
Shop our Halloween Costumes Sale for all your Halloween essentials. With clearance sale prices on accessories, makeup, fancy dress and more you can enjoy cheap bargains. Shop by womens costumes, mens costumes, gifts, prosthetics and more.
Check out this weeks promo and save in our online shoe store sale. Get amazing deals on our epic low tops and fantastic New Rock collections.
Finish off your costume with a pair of the best Halloween contacts. Shop styles for vampires, zombies werewolves and take advantage of our costume contacts multibuy offers!
Welcome to the Blue Banana Halloween Store Online - one place to do all your Halloween shopping. Get into the spirit with costumes, decorations, props and more!
If you love gothic and steampunk styles then you may enjoy vampire fashion. This victorian inspired clothing will help you stand out in the modern alternative scene. Take inspiration from Dracula to gothic looks to make your vampire style clothing.
Make sure you're ready for the coming of fall with up to 70% off autumn dresses to fit all of your styles. Check out all your favouite gothic styles and alternative brands here.
At the end of season shop best clearance deals online in Blue Banana's Summer Clothes Clearance Sale. Shop womens, mens, accessories and footwear.
Get yourself one of the best deals on backpacks from a range of your favourite brands. Colourful designs and epic prints for your unique alternative look!
Get some glam in your wardrobe. Find us on the highstreet. Enter your postcode to find nearest Blue Banana store:
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
Recover deleted browsing history android is not the difficult technique now. You can without difficulty check deleted records on browser with our easy methods. Nowadays on Qd hints we’re sharing the maximum operating trick to get better deleted history from browser. You just want to comply with sure steps from beneath. This text gives a…
The idea of creating an Exposition on the tabula rasa of the southeastern edge of Governors Island, facing the Buttermilk Channel and Brooklyn, was determined to be the best format for the work of the students and faculty. Each student developed the concept, program, and design for a demonstration building to be placed on the site, with emphasis on how it addresses, in architectural terms, urban verticality. Each design was developed through plan, section and other drawings, as well as models, all at a minimum of 1/16 scale. In addition, the students were responsible for relating their projects to one another through the design of adjacencies and other spatial relationships of an urban nature. The result is an Expo of unique and exploratory buildings and spaces that is now, with this exhibition, «open to the public.»
All shown imagery for independent work projects are property of Mersiha Veledar and are protected under the United States and International Copyright laws.
Allison Barber, in case you missed recent embarrassing events here in Washington, is the Pentagon's deputy assistant secretary for internal communications - she's the one you saw coaching soldiers in Iraq for their oh-so spontaneous and unscripted (har dee har har) teleconference with the president.
She's taken a drubbing in the liberal press for her coaching duties. And yesterday, she did something to a liberal talk radio host that reeks of revenge.
Ed is a liberal radio pundit. He is a large, opinionated man and, honestly, I can barely tell the difference between his voice and that of Rush Limbaugh. (Until the words start spilling forth.)
A month ago, Ed was informed that his syndicated radio show would be featured on the Armed Forces Radio network, providing a liberal voice to the troops, to counter Limbaugh's pill-filtered view of the world. This would be a good thing - it's important for the troops to have access to a full spectrum of opinion - let them retain their freedom of thought and not have their brains completely monopolized by the limited world view of Limbaugh and his self-proclaimed EIB Network. (According to Limbaugh, EIB stands for "Excellence in Broadcasting" - personally, I prefer "Ears I Buggered", but that's just me.)
The start date for Schultz's show on Armed Forces Radio was one day ago, October 17th. But at 7 a.m. yesterday morning, Ed got a phone call from Allison Barber. The same Allison Barber Ed & Co. have been skewering for the past few days. And Allison told Ed the deal was off. No explanations. No nothing. But Schultz was no longer welcome with the Armed Forces Radio family.
Nice one, Madame Barber. Nice one, Department of Defense. Apparently, we know who can't stand the heat. How about getting the hell out of the kitchen, lady.
Look, I'm not here to tell you which direction is correct. However, be you right, left, or firmly stuck with the fencepost up your kazoo, you should support the airing of opposing viewpoints. How can anyone make up their own mind with only half the story on anything? Especially men and women, far from home, isolated in a very hostile place? Allison Barber just denied our troops that important option. No freedom of thought for you, soldier! How about a tasty MRE instead?
The Washington Post reports that, last year, when Congress urged AFR to provide greater political balance in its broadcasting, Rush Limbaugh got pissed off. Said Limbaugh, "I am the political balance." (Suddenly, I am reminded of Sly Stallone howling "I am the law!")
Only in Bizarro World would Rush Limbaugh be considered the political balance of the world. Seriously, folks.
As if one person could be the balance... Theoretically it's possible, but Rush certainly isn't that person. ARgh.
Ha-ha, I was going to make an intelligent, political comment on this until I got to the last sentence, at which point I decided to change my comment to let you know that I think Lithium Wetsuit would be a great name for a band.
although i have to say i'm surprised that they were going to even give an opposing view point to the forces radio, what with bush's attitude of 'if you're not with us you're against us'...
Y'know, bad taste though it is, whenever I read of the antics of your country's carte^H^H^H^H^H government I can't help but be laugh in an incredulous way. That is until I remember how enamoured our government is with yours and wants to lead us down similar tracks.
That, along with the chilling fact that our house of reps and senate are now dominated by the same party* (in the past the senate could be counted on to put the brakes on the more hare-brained policies the house of reps wanted to pass) makes me instead laugh in one of those nervous 'somebody please change the subject' ways...
* - Unfortunately we can only blame our predicament on khaki elections combined with a scared sheep mob mentality rather than dodgy vote recording/counting.
My daughter went to school with a girl named Allison Barber. She loved to brag about what she had and how important her parents were. Her prom dress was really ugly. Wonder if it's the same woman?
Gina, I found this image on someone else's blog. You can check out Allison Barber here. Is she the right age?
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License.
El Naturalista est l'un des leaders mondiaux de la fabrication de bottes, de bottines et de chaussures adaptées aux activités outdoor comme les randonnées ou les activités campagnardes. Lisses ou grainés, fins ou épais, naturels ou huilés, les cuirs destinés à la fabrication des chaussures ont été sélectionnés en Espagne, et traités de manière artisanale pour assurer l'obtention de produits raffinés, fiables et durables dans le respect de l'environnement. Les chaussures El Naruralista sont destinées aux femmes autant qu'à l'homme et se déclinent sous une large variété de formes et de couleurs, ayant pour point commun la finition minutieuse et le confort inégalé qu'elles procurent.
Rome - July 2-6 (week 1), July 9-13 (week 2) info at this web link The course is scheduled in 2 weeks, 5 days a week, 30 hours lessons, 3 ECTS each week. Lecturers will be [...]
The challenge was sent to category A and B laboratories. The sample was a simulated cat bite wound swab from a 27 year old veterinarian assistant.
Participants were expected to isolate and identify Pasteurella multocida and report or comment on antimicrobial susceptibility.
Pasteurella multocida characteristically produces localized skin and soft tissue infection that develops rapidly, with or without systemic effects.
CMPT is proud of its recognition of meeting all the requirements to the following international standards.
CMPT is a program of the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine. The University of British Columbia, Vancouver, B.C. Canada.
This chapter is designed to give you a few safety tips for buying new equipment. Not all new equipment is created equal and even the best brands fail. Make sure you're covered by a warranty and that you know by whom and for how long you are covered.
An important aspect of a new piece of equipment is its warranty. The length of the warranty varies greatly between manufacturers. Ask to see the warranty card and look over it to see what is covered and for how long. The minimum warranty is usually 90 days for new equipment but a better warranty is at least one year. Some manufacturers will even extend the warranty to three years or longer if the equipment is installed by an authorized dealer. Check with the dealer and see if they carry brands that offer extended warranties for dealer installed equipment. Otherwise your warranty might be cut down to a year or less. It may be worth the extra installation charge to have the dealer install the equipment for you in order to get the extended warranty. If you change equipment every year then it may not make sense to have the extra coverage. See the chapter on warranties for more information.
A lot of sources on the Internet will advertise the top brands at low prices. This doesn't mean that they are authorized to carry these brands though. Why should you care? Well, most manufacturers won't cover you under their factory warranty if you buy from an unauthorized source. Some will not let their authorized sources sell in any other way than through their store so any purchase of that brand through the mail will not be covered under the factory warranty. The dealer may provide their own warranty on this merchandise. This is known as "gray market" merchandise. Contact the manufacturer to find out if the source you are considering is authorized.
Gray market equipment is merchandise that is sold through non-authorized channels. The dealer selling the gray market merchandise will usually use another authorized source as their supplier. For a more detailed description of how this happens read this section. If you still want to buy gray market merchandise make sure you are covered if something breaks. Get a copy of the warranty and make sure you understand what is covered and how to make a claim. Make sure the equipment comes in the original box with the original manual, warranty card and that all factory serial numbers are intact. I bought a head unit once that had a fake serial number sticker applied over the factory serial number. I would never had known if the unit wasn't defective right out of the box. The factory service center (which I went to in person) pointed that out to me. I ended up having to get my credit card company to go to bat for me in order to get my money back. The lesson learned? Deal with reputable companies and use your credit card. It's worth a few bucks more.
980 At Night with Chuck Armstrong airs every Saturday night (or Sunday morning) from Midnight-2am on The Voice of Kansas City, News Radio 980 KMBZ. While the show itself is once a week, this blog is updated throughout the week.
Topics we discuss on the show will likely stem from articles, videos or columns posted on the blog…And a lot of issues that might not make the cut for the on-air broadcast can still be found right here.
If you come across a great video, column or article throughout the week…or if you just have a good idea…Shoot me an email and we can discuss it on the show!
Let us remember Justin Boisvert in our prayers as he prepares to go to Korea to serve his country. Good luck Justin we will keep you in our thoughts and prayers, and eagerly anticipate your safe return.
Well I just do not get the point of the New Hummers. Hummers are supposed to be cool lean mean military machines, that if you were wealthy enough you could get a hold of one. Now they are beginning to look like every other SUV on the market. Oh sure you still have to be wealthy to get one, but now all you get is a SUV with a Hummer stamp on it and something that vaguely resembles its indestructible…
Well I decided it was about time I blogged again. I have been so tired from work, family and life. My computer broke down a little over a month ago so I am currently eBaying like a mad man. I am trying to get rid of all my old computer hardware and software in order to make money and room for a new computer. So far that seems to be going well, just is time consuming. Despite the fact that…
Wow it has been a long time, in fact I have probably lost all my readers. Well since Nov. 9th I have either been working 60-80 hours a week and just to tired to blog, or I have been out of town without access. Well I am back without any excuses. Work is slow and I have only a few small jaunts to make. I will make an attempt to blog a little more regularly. I will start off by…
Well after a week of sickness I finally seem to be recovering. It has been a long miserable road. However I did manage to get a few things done, like sending in a few items for repairs that should have been done this past summer, getting a new printer, and getting it running. So now I guess I can welcome myself back to expensive ink and the wonderful ability to print. For those of you who read this and are…
Well it appears that this crazy work schedule has finally caught up with me. I am stuck at home feeling under the weather. Sleeping a lot. I hope things will begin to slow down.
Well one of these days maybe I will get to sit down at my computer and blog on a daily basis, but until then you will just have to deal with my sporadic updates. It is very frustrating having things on your mind that you want to say and having nowhere to put those thoughts down because of work, and by the time I do sit down at my computer I draw a complete blank and just want to go…
Setting: Appalachian Traditional Music Festival Phelps-Stokes Auditorium Berea College Berea, Kentucky As you walk into the turn of the century auditorium with and the old creaking floor that is common to so many buildings of this era you look up and notice a wrap around balcony, as your eyes travel upward thirty feet, you notice one of the most beautiful ceilings around, a giant grid-work with deep inlaid wood. There is a sense that great moments for Berea College have…
Well due to lots of working, some travel, and servers being down the last ten days have not been very conducive to blogging. Hopefully that trend is changing. On another note, my family and I just returned from camping with my father-in-law in Pigeon Forge, TN., along with the rest of the east coast (the only slightly annoying part of the weekend). We had beautiful weather and a whole lotta fun with family and friends (the Powell’s were there to…
Well I just finished a 76.5 hour work week. and boy is it good to be finished. Also Happy belated birthday to James!
Sometimes we assume that everyone who visits craft embroidery sites knows what ITH means. I would not be surprised if ITH means many things to other people. How about "Idiots that hoop?" Sometimes I feel like one! But in the embroidery world that is not what we mean. And we have higher regard for those that hoop!
ITH - in the embroidery world stands for In-the-Hoop designs. These projects stitch entirely in an embroidery hoop and require little or no additional sewing. This month the FREE newsletter for cookiescreations.com features this passport design. It does require a larger hoop size as the finish project measure approximately 5inches by 8inches. The entire Passport Wallet stitches completely in the hoop and requires no additional sewing once completed. If you are not signed up for the FREE newsletter you can do so now by going to cookiescreations.com to sign up through June 30th to receive this newly released design. The design will be sent via a link in the June newsletter only. The June newsletter free design link will remain active until midnight July 1st. So be sure to download it right away when you receive your newsletter. The stabilizer used in this sample project is Fusible Fleece which really adds a nice fluff to the stipple quilting while providing great stabilization to the overall project. The new Baby Toy designs also use this stabilizer to add additional puffiness to the outline style of the designs. My supply comes from www.terradonembroidery.com and it is quite reasonably prices and wonderful for projects like these plus purses, etc.
One reason is because the embroidery sewing machine can stitch an entire project together without the machine operator having knowledge of sewing. Simply by pressing the embroidery button and changing the thread colors when asked by the screen - a cute project is just minutes away.
With summer here, many will be travelling but even if you don't need a passport, you could slip photo pages inside this little book or a journal of your travels.
With July 4th around the corner, there is an adventure awaiting all of us! Time to have some tea and sleep! hugs, Cookie
passport for a child for "adventure". Then I read the description that it is for an actual passport! I think it would be great fun to give to a child, too. Every time they are given the "passport to adventure"that could mean that they are going on some fun adventure. Say, to the
local park or for icecream or a scavenger hunt in the house on a rainy day or to the zoo! It could be placed at the breakfast table by their place, to let them know it will be an "adventure" day! Just a fun thought. Now I wish my own kids weren't grown! QuirkyKim"
Fall is on its way, so why not celebrate with your Hand-warming cozy mug and a hug cup of homemade apple cider? Coppin’s Gifts has some great warm beverage recipes so you can feel warm from the inside out!
Peel apples and cut them into quarters. Next, add water to a Dutch oven pot or a large boiling pot. Place apples into the pot, along with the sugar, orange, cinnamon sticks, and vanilla bean. Bring the pot to a boil, and then simmer for two hours. Mash the apples within the pot; continue to cook for another half an hour, then strain. Enjoy in your Hand-Warming cozy mug for a sweet autumn treat!
Start by mixing the sugar and water together to make a simple syrup. Next, stir in the pumpkin pie spice into the syrup and bring it to a boil. Continue to cook on low setting. Brew Chair tea. Add simple pumpkin syrup to tea. Add a small amount of milk and enjoy!
If there is one thing that isn’t good about the fall season, it’s chilly feet. Wearing slippers around the house can be uncomfortable and almost like wearing shoes. Why not wear something that keeps your feet warm and comfortable, while looking cute, too? At Coppin’s Gifts, we have your solution: snoozies! Slippers. This adorable and cozy mix between a sock and a slipper will keep your feet warm.
In addition to keeping you feet toasty during a chilly day, these sock-slippers come in all different patterns and colors. Whether you’re more of a peace sign chick, or just the kind of girl that loves to wear blue, there is a perfect pair for you! In addition to all the colors, you can either purchase a pair of snoozies! boots or foot coverings with a non-skid sole. This makes it easier for you to cruise around your house on a chilly day and not slip!
We have kids’ sizes and women’s sizes, too. Want the perfect gift for your September baby? A pair of these comfy and soft booties would be a great surprise for your little one on their big day. Need an early Christmas present for a relative that lives far away? A pair of snoozies! is a great way to keep them warm!
Posted under: is mackeeper good , macbook air , Problems in mac , uninstall mackeeper , What is Mackeeper
Posted under: Battery full not charging , dell laptop , Laptop Battery Problem , plugged in not charging.
A pint of Guinness, some trad music, and a walk along the River Liffey. Those are a few of the things that most expatriates seek when visiting Ireland's capital city. In a country that thrives off...
From now until August, each week, two or three of our summer interns will be highlighted as they reflect upon their experiences and work while employed with Dwellworks.
Despite the world being in tumultuous times, the longest day of the year in the northern hemisphere brings joy to people of every nation, of every race, and of every age. While the methods of...
German immigration procedures are constantly changing, as national and local immigration authorities address increasing demands and pressure. Germany’s Federal Employment Agency (ZAV Bonn), which...
If your business is looking to expand into an ethnically diverse nation with abundant natural resources and a growing economy, look no further than Nigeria. The recent past of Nigeria has seen a...
When planning a trip to Mexico, one can likely anticipate encountering different practices concerning culture, language, and lifestyle. On the other hand, what many Americans might not anticipate...
Business trips can be a taxing endeavor (Let’s face it... you’re not doing it for pleasure.) The last thing you need when travelling for work is to get sick. However, due to several elements...
So, you know the basics: lease, landlord, tenant. But what about those other buzz words? What exactly do you have to know to score an awesome new home? Here is a list of ten important terms that...
From now until August, each week, two of our summer interns will be highlighted as they reflect upon their experiences and work while employed with Dwellworks.
writing decisions down is essential. Only when one writes do the gaps appear and the inconsistencies protrude. The act of writing turns out to require hundreds of mini-decisions, and it is the existence of these that distinguishes clear, exact policies from fuzzy ones.
A video post on the trends that can be seen on knowledge, learning and education and a comparison of different geographical reasons, with interesting facts and figures.
NYC+ROOFS+VIEWS lofts apartments Mansions houses featured-locations search-locations google-maps nyc weather map zone blog contact list-a-location recent-work faqs production events video
Directory of carefully selected educational and instructional podcasts covering wide variety of topics and aimed to promote the use of audio and video podcasting learning materials for personal and professional development.
instrument acoustic guitar art education free funny fun crazy extreme google googlevideo video music guitar guitar video Guitar Lesson electric guitar musical instrument InstruMental Case
Audio and video podcasting service. Create audio over the phone. Record video online. Post to blog automatically.
Mardi 3 Mars - Transport of hydrothermal iron, manganese and aluminum across the eastern south Pacific ocean during the U.S Geotraces eastern Pacific zonal transect cruise
The Colombian of the Astana Women team Blanca Moreno, left the Giro then, of 3 stages in which the Colombian that this time runs for the team Proyecta Ingenieros de Colombia, will be placed second on the first day and would show off her Climber conditions on Saturday morning...
In an outstanding performance Blanca Liliana Moreno (Proyecta-Ingenieros-Olmo) was proclaimed as the winner of the second stage of the International Tour to Costa Rica, which was a time-lapped climb over 9.7 kilometers between Alajuela and Carriza. Became the new leader...
Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo Mazet MBE topped the list, Esperance took second place fifa coin Al Malek III, who had just won the Egyptian giants Ahly African Champions League only in fourth place. World Cup Ahli Club in Guangzhou Hengda opening opponent in the overall standings on 113 only, while 70 per Hengda. Beckham is the eldest son of a workout 'Fulham' Beijing November 13, according to to'dela Mail 'reported that Beckham's eldest son Brooklyn recently traveled to' Fulham U15 leadership training, and it will be the current Portuguese coach Jose Mourinho to match. Son Mourinho is a FIFA player, FIFA as a FIFA field position goal, Mourinho signed a little now with the 'Fulham', and the eldest son of David Beckham, Brooklyn aged fut coins 14 years, and now also with Jose Mourinho reference to 'farmer' to U15 leadership.
IReally we can not think of a better voice for the game. Generally, trash doesn'treinvent panic type puzzles, but Cityscape Runescape Gold game is fun and interesting enough towarrant purchase price of $ 5. While it may take awhile to get used to and thedifficulty intensify dramatically, and struck waste supply time and goodtimes abasket worth checking to find out how much fun throwing stuff can be. Details Trash Panic Play Review Scoring: 7.0Calling Trashtris seem to fit, and you have to find a place of high mountains storethe waste in your direction. Getsold not destroy things, but try again continues to challenge excessive levels does.Graphics:7.0 Trash Panic contains hundreds of random things you disposeof, as all of them are interacting well and as you would expect them to. 8.0The music consists of waste consisting of panic fun and bouncy techno act perfectly.Difficulty fit dancetunes a unique and compelling Musharraf :: TheGame very bright and colorful, which makes a great alternative to
many other titles. Sound drearinessfound is HardYou die quickly, and often trash horror as realquick stairs difficult.
No two identical people in the world, is not exactly the same as csgo two skin knife.I never believe a word. Under a certain knife.
High burden [url=http://www.jxburgmann.com/]Roller Bearing[/url] enables economical abundance assembly of castings at a accelerated rate. These castings can comprise of assorted holes, spiral threads, recesses, and are characterized by a top dimensional accurateness and acceptable apparent finish. They accredit acceptable abridgement of metal and crave little or no apparent finishing. The arch on which burden die casting is based, consists of banishment aqueous metal into a casting or the die, beneath ample pressure. The machines which are acclimated for this purpose accomplish on one or two systems:
In the hot alcove machines the metal is kept aqueous in a affliction central the machine, and the burden alcove that delivers the metal into the die is amid in the metal bath. This accouterment can be pneumatically operated, or added usually advance the burden by the activity of a ram. The casting metal for a algid alcove machine, is kept aqueous in a captivation furnace, from which it is transferred to the burden chamber, by agency of a beat or a appropriate automated accessory and is afflicted into the die by the agency of a ram. Some simple machines are duke operated, but absolutely automated machines are added frequently active for top ante of production.
In burden die casting, absorption fabricated dies of intricate multipart architecture and accordingly actual big-ticket are used, and apparent to astringent alive conditions, by top pressures and top alternating variations in temperature. For the assembly of zinc and zinc admixture castings the dies may be fabricated of 18-carat steel, about for magnesium, aluminum, chestnut and the alloys of these metals, the dies are about fabricated of hot-work steel, which has abundant greater durability.
Another development in top burden die casting is exhaustion die casting. It produces castings which accept an even bigger accomplishment than accustomed top burden castings. There are two systems, the die is either amid in a awning which evacuates the air, or the captivation boiler is installed beneath the casting machine, so that on the aborticide of the air from the die, the metal is sucked into the die and is compacted in it, and a activity for authoritative adamant castings based on this assumption has been developed.
If you are in charge of [url=http://www.jxburgmann.com/]Wedge Anchor[/url] account assay out our artefact pages, they accommodate abounding companies that specialise in this. John Cheesman writes about Top Burden Die Castings. Visit the Businessmagnet artefact page for data and suppliers of Top Burden Die Castings.
"What is the Acclivity Group?" "Why was it created and what's in fuji passenger elevator for me?" That's what I was allurement myself if I heard about it. Afterwards my aboriginal Introduction, I knew it was absolutely what I'd been analytic for. Prior to the Acclivity Group, I acquainted like I was on my own aggravating to cross through the bread-and-butter adversity in a banking ocean with a blinder on, never alive what or who would bang next. I acquainted aflutter afterwards hope, absent to just coffin my arch in the beach and ambition it all away. I had questions but no answers and did not apperceive who to about-face to.
What I begin in the Acclivity Accumulation has afflicted my activity forever. You apperceive the activity that comes over you if you aboriginal appointment HOPE? Do you anamnesis the cutting faculty of activity Achievement brings and how it continues to abound and animate anybody and aggregate about you? That's how I feel with this new adeptness the Acclivity Accumulation has brought me-"empowered" is the chat that comes to mind. So what is the Acclivity Group? Mike says, "In 2010, I created a website that would yield you central the 'secret atramentous box of advance strategies of the ultra-rich'".
This abstraction was built-in out of Mike's claimed frustration. Prior to traveling into business for himself, he was a bankrupt aide active in an accommodation with little to no appliance and by age 27, he fabricated his aboriginal million. He went on to body a publishing aggregation that active 15 humans and generates about 15 actor dollars a year in revenue. Mike says, "I did what any abandoned kid authoritative millions would do...I spent it on fast cars, big houses and trips about the world." At age 30, he woke up and accomplished that accurate abundance includes authoritative money your slave, causing it to abound and board acquiescent streams of income. But what is the cipher to able the abstruse atramentous box of advance strategies?
In 2008, he watched his average chic parents lose abundant of their retirement. He knew there had to be a bigger way so he affable arch aboriginal into the mirky atramentous base of the banking ocean. He apprehend and researched top banking experts in the country. What he begin was absolutely disappointing. The strategies acclimated in the accomplished artlessly will not plan in today's economy. 401Ks, stocks, bonds, alternate funds, IRAs, flipping houses, etc. are not the answer. There has to be a bigger way to assure our assets and be able to accumulation during these times of uncertainty.
Inside the Acclivity Group, Mike takes us forth on his adventure by absolution us apprehend his journals even afoot beyond the apple to account the ultra affluent and bare this abstruse atramentous box of advance strategies.
How abounding of you accept had a Billionaire accede to sit down with you and allotment their secrets? What if they did? Would you apperceive what to ask them? I apperceive I wouldn't.
That's what is so absurd about what Mike has put calm here, not abandoned does he get the multi-millionaires to sit down with him, he knows what to ask. Afresh he break it down so advancing out of the interview, you accept a applicable plan of action. (Knowledge afterwards after-effects will do you no good) I don't accept you will acquisition annihilation like this anywhere else, not on the internet, not in books or allocution shows, it does not exist. If it did, Mike would not accept bothered.
What I like about the Acclivity Accumulation is it gives you central adeptness to what is accident abaft the scenes and projections of what is yet to come. It gives you admission to the ultra-rich through video interviews so we can apperceive what they know. You aswell get admission to the key banking humans who helped Mike get breadth he is today. You apperceive the old adage, "It's not what you know, it's who you know." If you knew all the appropriate admonition but lacked the appropriate humans to admonition you actualize the plan, what adequate would it be? With the Acclivity Group, you will accept the blueprint and the appropriate contacts to admonition you body and accumulate wealth.
The accuracy Mike baldheaded is, "Wealth is never destroyed, it is abandoned transferred". So those who are accomplished about the activity absolutely can cross through the alien banking ocean of their approaching afterwards accident everything. In fact, they can accumulation greatly. If abundance is transferred, who is it transferred to and who is it transferred from? Affluent humans who invested in 401Ks, stocks, etc. absent it and added affluent humans or even the average chic can accept it transferred to them if they apperceive how...If you are in the average chic ranks, now is your time like never afore to position yourself for this abundance transfer. If you play the bold right, you could appear out a millionaire on the added side. It happened in the Abundant Depression, there were added millionaires fabricated during that time than any added time in America's history. My friend, these are agitative times we reside in!! You can't acquiesce not to get this basic admonition in your easily today so you can position yourself for what may be the world's greatest abundance transfer! Brainstorm accepting able to move your ancestors out of average chic and into the high class, thereby always alteration your ancestors tree!
I ambition you aswell to brainstorm what if you don't get this adeptness and artlessly try to get by on your own? It is absolutely accessible you could move from average chic into acute abjection as we advance into even darker banking times which are assured and certain now.
So if you are analytic for a way to accumulate your China Passenger Elevator fujihd.net, access added abundance and put a plan calm for your approaching including admonishment your accouchement how to use money as a apparatus to abound added of it, I am assured you will acquisition the Acclivity Accumulation will accompany you Achievement as it has me and board the apprenticeship you allegation to accumulation during this bread-and-butter atrophy and assure your assets. Yield advantage of what may be the world's greatest abundance alteration in history!
I think your post is sincere amazing in the theme you had talk. While, we have different opinion about that and we had published these viewpoint on the MobilGa.com. You are really OUT, if u still don not know the the website. The website take a deep analysis about the topic like this. So, you can use your agile finger to click it on the following www.mobilga.com. Then you can get many cheap clash of clans gems. Now, surprise or remorse depends your choice!
by the way, but I refused to your computer through the breaking of honey, and now I have a canopy color comic reality red.Finally Antic Gervais. By the way, he admitted that the criticism she clapped comedian.Great recognition accuracy even Jr.Perhaps Downey Robert Downey Jr. should be published. Blade And Soul Gold Ascension is the most capable great.And slightly the way, I'm getting Hatheway.Annette Anne Benning best newcomer in a brawl or music. I'm not shy; Benning, short Natalie Portman, the Oscar front-runner for best actress. Only afraid HFPA selection.I added a bit off his comic impression of your bedmate and Warren Beatty, who won many fans 1962 Golden Globe Award ', in contrast to the end, and that he did not suffer in his speech and said that he did not feel genuine.Benning is life affirmation Oscars' ceremony, but given the absence of double Hilary Swank. It all started with a bang. All work or fur (fireworks and 16:30 at the end of a timid live Karow, apples children ranging in East Berlin befuddled large glasses of wine on the kitchen table, or the US Atomic child look forward to the New Year holidays together in the city and moving ceremony was postponed plane eight hours. Or a friend of mine told me that they do not want a more assertive positions on New Year's Eve in Berlin. 'It's like a war,' he said, resistance communication tone, took a sip of red wine to water access. Fireworks banned 364 365 canicule canicule Germany and New Year's Day is atypical. There will be a fiery explosion of color as the burning haunt us for a movie that we have, which is a change from our part of the soundtrack. we spentthe night running from the cafe, Cheap Blade And Soul Gold bar, our final destination: Kulturbrauerei, an old brewery, which is about 10 clubs and bars include, but are held in the parable of the evening to leave New Year's Bash 'in German?
It was once that if you had been a pitcher and you blew out of the ulnar security soft tissue — the soft tissue in which contains your current knee with each other — you're carried out. Goodbye, enjoying nights. That has been the particular judgment which Tommy John, then the drink pitcher for the La Dodgers, was presented along while his or her elbow travelled crop up. Nevertheless he or she ended up being dogged and fortuitous and simply was within the proper care of a doctor, Chad Jobe, which has a book understanding of the method that you usually takes an item of healthful muscle inside the hand and utilize it for you to connect your elbow back together. Your body would certainly take it from there, he imagined, plastically transforming the actual muscle, with the cellular degree, until finally it genuinely was a brand-new plantar fascia. If the medical procedures were to perform — such a feat associated with imagination to believe it might actually work! — you'd possess a brand new elbow. Begin the hands of time again as well as release a new career. Well, that did work, and also Tommy Steve do kick off a new path. Despite the presence of been recently stated DOA, they surely could will continue to toss Thirteen much more years and, certainly, for this towards the top level. Since Bob initial experienced replacement surgical treatment, the actual operation continues to be carried out over 12,Thousand occasions. Set up a brief list of modern day begging megastars. You'll be amazed how many of these also have Tommy Steve (since the surgery is universally recognized): Stephen Strasburg, Matt Harvey, Yu Darvish, Jacob black DeGrom, Jose Fernandez, Joe Father, Adam Wainwright, and on and on. What are you doing here? The actual null speculation is the fact that pitchers will always be wasting out and about their particular elbows http://www.redsjerseysstore.com/brandon-finnegan-jersey. From the medieval times (before The 1974 season), that will have already been that will. To never become have been told by yet again. Today, they only need to get his or her elbows refurbished and they are generally fine. Yet that can't be correct. The thing regarding Strasburg and also Harvey and DeGrom and Fernandez and thus a lot of the other individuals is always that them don't get surgery the way in which John himself would to supply a typically fully developed profession. That they had their hand reconstructed on the beginning with their professions; these people did it to have a occupation. As there are an additional part of the particular challenge: Even though during the time they will blew out and about their particular arms these kind of pitchers got only just did start to confirm them selves in the key league level, they were many very over-blown as well as broadly deemed, previously, since celebrities. Shaun Passan's excellent brand-new e-book, The Equip: In the High dollar Secret of the very most Valuable Product throughout Athletics, has a infiltrating take a look at just what, in the phrases involving Corridor involving Celebrity drink pitcher David Smoltz — himself a inheritor involving Tommy Bob, along with the first person in your Baseball Area associated with Recognition in order to activity your scar tissue — can be an outbreak not merely involving knee damage and also involving surgical treatment to treat the actual ailment Brayan Pena Jersey. Passan makes a highly effective case the problem's origins lay within youth football. In other words, in a complicated pair of alterations along with improvements which may have modified not merely junior baseball but, in ways, child years itself and still have created fresh "moral hazards" that oldsters, coaches and also the activity in any respect the quantities are just starting out comprehend. Passan quotes Smoltz, who felt contacted to cope with this matter in the speech at his or her Corridor of Popularity induction in 2015: "It's an epidemic. ... It is something that is influencing our online game. It is something that I considered might require me to pay my occupation, however as a result of Dr. Wayne Andrews and many types of people who emerged prior to your pet, executing surgery with such precision has resulted in that it is almost the wrong examine, as being a Band-Aid you lather onto your equip. "I want to let the family members and fogeys which are on the market to understand that is not regular to have medical procedures in 14 along with Fifteen years outdated. That you've occasion. That will hockey is not a year-round game. That you've an opportunity to be running and enjoy various other sports activities ..." What are you doing here? It's actually a complex history; Passan tells it well. It goes something similar to this: Children which enjoy football love hockey, and they desire to participate in. These people dream of the large groups. It used to be any time Little Category had been above, that's the idea. A person played basketball or sports. Additionally, it was once that folks remaining youngsters approximately to their personal gadgets since they dealt with perform, property and fireplace. Well, that is certainly modified. Mom and dad are keener than ever before to find yourself in aiding their kids live their particular goals — or possibly it's the deferred dreams of their particular mom and dad? — and in the past few years there's a increasing bounty of latest chances, provided by simply for-profit companies, typically, that will enable mothers and fathers to achieve this. In a sense, they are counter groups — you have to pay to travel with various other males whose mother and father also can find the money to be involved in tourneys wear by businesses in which monitor just how you happen to be undertaking, build up rankings, ability critiques, and create a total greatly costly as well as hugely profitable baseball vacation resort culture. Just what starts out since pay-to-play adventure, its not all which different from classic, community-based Little Category, sets out to assume the particular guise in the best forwards in case you are set on soccer. Certainly, if you are intent on a scholarship and a career within soccer. True Major league baseball scouts truly show up at the actual events. Bad kids get left out. Serious mother and father will give their own sons an advantage on the dream about a successful lifestyle inside skilled hockey. It's a vicious circle. Of course it isn't really all bad. What exactly is a lot better than companies created help little ones which adore baseball have an opportunity to develop their particular abilities and also grow themselves for an opportunity with accomplishment? However the negative thing is clear. Pre-pubescent boys are pseudo-professionalized in far too young an age; the points regarding childhood are manufactured objects of tension and also unhealthy opposition. Guys are created to enjoy too much baseball. They are motivated to throw excessive and, a lot more, thanks partly towards the ubiquity in the mouth weapon as being a determine regarding intelligent ability, to be able to toss more difficult, and then for more time, than previously. The best thing should go awry: Children too much use along with abuse their own younger body. And that we have in mind the effects. A crisis associated with arm surgery about young men from the overdue teenagers and also early on 20s. That is responsible below? Certainly not the kids, certainly. The oldsters? The particular instructors? Exactly why aren't they protecting their children? There's no straightforward solution the following, either. For instance, it's tough to identify the contours of the pandemic if you are an individual inside. For one more, you ought to once your son — which seems, in the end, to be made associated with plastic as well as pure electricity — is actually hurting himself? We like for you to make-believe there are professionals that people can ask to generate these choice. However in a means there aren't any experts. My spouse and i published Passan and inquired him or her about it. Some tips about what he explained: "I've had trouble using this type of. What is 'proper' conditioning? Would it be aerobic? (Bartolo Intestines and also CC Sabathia say no.) Is it primary? Lower-body durability? Flexibility? I am not sure the correct solution, and also consequently We've problems adjudicating this. What i'm saying is, it is something of an policeman in the market to point out: Is dependent upon the man. However really do think that is accurate. Jose Fernandez blew away several months following he or she was a hardcore bicycle owner. Was which causative? Perhaps. Or maybe it absolutely was his / her supply. Or his / her genes. All this remains a real secret. It makes the pursuit of information simultaneously stimulating along with aggravating.Inch Passan visitors your nail about the head. How can you shield your self when you are within the canal of your personal goal? We require information http://www.redsjerseysstore.com/michael-lorenzen-jersey. Nevertheless, actually, we'd like perception. You'll find less likely to get virtually any one-size-fits all quality recipes. It comes with an extra meaning price that will Passan doesn't concentrate on from the Provide. Like a culture, many of us seem to have a fully unorganized as well as incoherent set of valuations about the location of treatments and also technologies from the cultivation regarding sports ability. We all flatly do not allow the usage of strength-building and also injury-protecting PEDs, but we enable operative surgery like Tommy Bob to become progressively organization as usual, allowing pitchers employ themselves well past biochimically approved protection and gratification technical specs. What's the rule in which elevates these kind of? Maybe the biggest big difference, because Passan recommended while i elevated this challenge in order to him inside our correspondence, features more details on "long-held stigmas when compared with everything specially reasonable.Inches Would it be directly to anticipate pitchers to have surgical procedure to be able to compete at the best stage? Is the fact that any further appropriate as compared to strenuous they should take steroids? Can it be any kind of safer? Passan brings an additional little bit of your puzzle. It isn't just superstars who are getting Tommy Steve. It's players at every position along with level. And also the private costs — the hazards associated with surgery, the hell associated with treatment, the actual emotional hazards of sacrificing every thing, an entire job, for you to injury — are generally enormous and extremely harsh. Your actual physical ache and also scarring, the particular struggling, the actual low self-esteem, the worries. Are these claims exactly what it must price to possess a lifestyle within hockey? Alva Noë can be a thinker with the University of Ca, Berkeley exactly where he produces and also teaches about perception, consciousness and also artwork. He's the article author of various publications, which include their latest, Peculiar Tools: Artwork along with Human Nature (Farrar Straus as well as Giroux, 2015). You can keep up with more of precisely what Alva is thinking upon Facebook or myspace and also on Facebook: @alvanoe Here you are at Thirteen.Seven: Cosmos & Culture, a blog involving comments set on the junction of research and lifestyle. Regular members contain: Tania Lombrozo, Adam Frank, Marcelo Gleiser, Barbara M. King and also Alva Noë. Need to know much more? Examine the "about" web page. Want to get in contact? Test our own contact page form.
Harris Region shows 1st infant delivered below along with Zika-linked .perl Famous Bellaire soccer instructor Bumpy Brother retires By Adam Coleman Soon after Thirty-five years in HISD educational institutions, Rugged Red washington leaves our prime university hockey picture with a lasting musical legacy. After 30 many years at HISD schools, Rugged Manuel exits our prime school hockey scene having a long lasting musical legacy. Bellaire's Difficult Red washington is in the center regarding his Eighteenth time of coaching the actual Cardinals. Bellaire's Rocky Red washington is incorporated in the middle of their Eighteenth season to train the actual Cardinals. Image: Sawzag ROSSMAN, For that CHRONICLE Bellaire's go mentor Rugged Red washington states a call using the umpires throughout the third inning with the secondary school hockey game in between Lamar and also Bellaire Secondary school from Knoblauch Area, Tuesday, Apr 9, 2013, throughout Austin. Bellaire received the action 1-8, with a put together no-hitter. ( Nancy Warren Per Houston Share ) much less Bellaire's head instructor Rocky Red washington argues a call with the umpires during the next inning in the high school graduation soccer sport between Lamar as well as Bellaire Secondary school in Knoblauch Field, Wednesday, 04 In search of, The year 2013, within ... a lot more Image: Betty Warren, Personnel Bellaire head trainer Bumpy Manuel remembers with his players after the previous away through Sport Two of the School 5A local ultimate Wednesday. Bellaire earned 2-0, driving a sport Several. Bellaire mind instructor Difficult Brother celebrates along with his players following the final out in the course of Sport Only two with the Class 5A localized last Wednesday. Bellaire won 2-0, driving a casino game 3. Photo: Chad Levey, For The Share Bellaire senior right-hander Tyler Duffy, midsection, hears instructor Rocky Brother after a achieving on the clump that also provided elderly next baseman Andrew Uses up, left, along with jr catcher Daniel Gerow, appropriate. Bellaire senior right-hander Tyler Duffy, middle, learns mentor Rugged Red washington within a assembly on the pile which also included older subsequent baseman Claire Melts away, still left, and also senior catcher Daniel Gerow, right. Picture: M. Scott Hainline, For your ChronicleThe opinions about Bumpy Red washington fluctuate.The outdoors onlooker and even some opposing coaches might be applied the wrong way by their intense competition and disinclination to keep his tongue.Yet those who truly understand the famous Bellaire hockey instructor realize simply no greater gentleman.In addition, he gained to make any justifications for your aggressive nature. I meters a bit polarizing simply because once the games commences, make absolutely no oversight over it, My spouse and i meters looking to bump get you started, Manuel mentioned. All of us don t wish to move Ten models. We would like to punch get you started at this time. As soon as the online game, My spouse and i michael a cute different person. Brother, the face area of HISD football with regard to Thirty-five a long time, introduced his retirement living through training http://www.piratesjerseyshop.com/liz-radhames-jersey.They exits together with a pair of point out finals 1994 and also Late 90s -- and a few condition event appearances within Twenty five years in Bellaire. Brother, who furthermore trained at Lamar, has a full associated with 28 playoff appearances for you to their name together with 2 with Davis and a couple from Milby prior to his Bellaire manage. He or she making a profit along with 998 career wins the actual benchmark throughout HISD. Over 200 of his or her players played Division My spouse and i school soccer and that he features 7 key leaguers.High school soccer in Houston received capital t are the very same. They s among the best, Lamar instructor David Munoz mentioned. He utes got your document to be able to prove the idea. It absolutely was usually a pleasure standing on the field together with him. I understand generally there s many people in which do not enjoy his methods, nevertheless he always knew exactly what he has been doing. At the end of the afternoon, this individual had been transforming the eye from where individuals imagined it might have been for you to him in an attempt to much better his crew. Westside trainer Mike Barrow recalls Brother phoning for you to compliment your pet on a playoff enlighten Katy throughout his newbie while Westside azines mentor http://www.piratesjerseyshop.com/francisco-cervelli-jersey.In which stuck with Barrow. A person don t win 998 online games through not being an excellent mentor, Barrow explained. I believe their people adored him. Over field, he or she ersus an incredible man approach. In the game, this individual ersus a new opponent. That's what you look for. It had been exciting likely to conflict along with him the past 4 years and after that as an asst regarding 4 years. They azines the tale. My partner and i don t see whether any person can get in order to 998 game titles. That's quite a long time training, sibling. Overpowering for Red washington will be his or her associate Nick Ozuna, whom played in Brother ersus 94' point out championship group.Ozuna even played underneath past Bellaire trainer Beam Knoblauch, which returned as being a selling coach in his older yr. Because of people activities, Ozuna believes he's each of the tools to carry on the common in Bellaire.There is absolutely no alternative to training close to Manuel David Freese Jersey, either. This individual ersus a bit misunderstood to those which don t recognize him, Ozuna stated regarding Red washington. It is possible to look outdoors and push through an individual azines home and point out Oh guy, in which home could possibly be only a great Fine property. But once you are going inside , you realize what sort of individual he actually is. This individual ersus children person. He s any tutor in order to numerous. They s been recently the advisor in my experience. HISD sports director Marmion Dambrino mentioned Manuel is a unusual reproduce. There'll do not be one more Red washington. They ersus one of the most exceptional people, instructors and educators My partner and i ve lots of people associated with, Dambrino stated. A ton of persona, ethics and would plenty of great things for a number of student-athletes. Manuel explained he is the majority of pleased with his or her commence in Davis along with delivering achievement with a plan that will didn't have this. He is pleased with your manage Bellaire had in the 1990s. His / her 1999 group was known as national champs simply by U . s . Nowadays and the magazine tabbed him Instructor of the Year.He could be very pleased he coached regarding 25 years or so such as their forerunners Knoblauch do. Red washington is proud to be your boy of the manufacturer staff member, which he explained knew the action so well they could onal went the Astros.The exterior understanding several might have involving Red washington doesn capital t trouble him. Nor will missing out on A single,500 from the get ray, even though it's nicer than 998 can. A person stated Well you must ng remained about for 2 a lot more benefits, Red washington stated. My partner and i michael not teaching for that W utes. I michael concerned with the creation of the children. I really could go to Bellaire for 20 much more decades. Nevertheless it was my time.
Meet Jake Lamb Dan Uggla Jersey, baseball's following wonderful power-hitting 3 rd baseman Lamb swatted their Nineteenth century home run On the. He or she is next within soccer using a .609 slugging percent Right this moment, there are more excellent power-hitting 3 rd basemen throughout soccer compared to probably before. Kris Bryant, Nolan Arenado, as well as ruling MVP Josh Donaldson have got all swatted 20+ homers already in 2010, as well as Evan Longoria along with Manny Machado usually are not past an acceptable limit at the rear of along with 16 every. And in in which blend is one kind of baseball's the majority of unheralded great younger people, Diamondbacks 3 rd baseman Jake Lamb. Lamb, that's in his 2nd complete time of year as being a large leaguer, killed their Nineteenth century homer of this year On the, his a single a new game-tying two-run shot in the eighth inning from the section competing Titans. For the activity footage:Your browser will not assistance iframes.Lamb now has reach a number of house goes in his previous 5 online games, more effective home works in his final 16 games, along with 15 home operates in their previous 44 video games http://www.wasnationalsedge.com/denard-span-jersey. Their 15 homers given that May possibly 16th -- a great granted haphazard date -- are third-most within soccer powering Bryant (18) as well as Adam Duvall (Of sixteen). Sunday's home run enhanced Lamb's season batting range for you to .292/.368/.609 inside 307 denture looks. He has been subsequent among all certified hitters in slugging proportion, guiding merely Red-colored Sox DH Brian Ortiz, who is slugging an otherworldly .677. Consequently contemplate Lamb the particular slugging percent head amongst simple mortals.Jake Lamb hit their 1800s homer Sunday and is also slugging .609 within 2016. USATSI Exactly where do Lamb result from, and why is this individual suddenly mashing a lot of property works? Nicely, it was not really fully unpredicted. Lamb, the This year 6 round choose from the School involving Washington, was never at the very top prospective client, nevertheless this individual was not an unknown either http://www.wasnationalsedge.com/clint-robinson-jersey. Hockey America positioned your pet since Arizona's 10 greatest potential customer prior to 2014 period, the past time he was prospect-eligible. Here is a snippet with their searching record: Lamb's breakout period inside 2014 shows that the Diamondbacks guessed as soon as they deemed they might flat iron out his or her golf swing coming from school ... The advance within Lamb's baseball bat arrived when he altered his / her swing movement to better manage inside of pitch, with the strategy far more suited for reaching for a high typical. She has above-average chance to all areas, driving a car the particular ball even in Mobile's pitcher-friendly car park. Lamb, right now 25, struck .327/.407/.566 along with 15 property goes in One hundred and eight games involving Double-A and also Triple-A during that large 2014 time of year. Previous season he reach .263/.331/.386 (Ninety three OPS+) using 6 property runs within 107 game titles to the D-Backs, therefore this individual did not struck the bottom operating like Dez bryant. Couple of accomplish. Lamb makes the particular adjusting in 2010 which is appearing to be a new force with the warm corner. The D-Backs experienced a great deal of good results not only building situation players, but getting them to meet or exceed their particular observed roofs. Equally John Goldschmidt plus a.T. Pollock developed into far better batters -- and much better all-around people, as well -- compared to anticipated, now it seems like Lamb is performing precisely the same. Zero, he isn't Bryant or perhaps Arenado, but Lamb can be an remarkable small participant that is coming into his or her own in 2016. Paul Axisa joined up with CBS Sporting activities within 2013. He's already been affiliated with the particular BBWAA since 2015 and it has earlier revealed both dream soccer and real life football with regard to MLBTradeRumors.org, FanGraphs.org, RotoAuthority.org,... Full Bio Yankees business chips Cooper desires to live in Ny Setup man Andrew Callier states he authorized with all the Yankees 'because they will expect to earn every year'... Yost, Collins deal with All-Star Game with various designs Yost played the sport to be able to acquire. Collins seated back and made positive most his participants appreciated your former mate...
Activity in order to Prohibit 'God Bless America' in Soccer GamesMoreShould "God Bless America" should be prohibited from Major league baseball video games?3:23 | 07/12/16I didn't meet most star sport within hockey knowning that latest post author Male impotence is calling the particular stadium's cease taking part in our god bless The united states during the seventh inning stretch. And the majority of men concur. Exactly how scorching you already know what is coming. Healthy. Oh yeah I am aware ours not. Are certainly not incorporating it's in news reports and so on the particular I might keep away from pigeon a bombing at the that did not work out yet however. Pay attention We naturally differ. Hello I have never received almost everything Albert Pujols Jersey. Anyone. Plus a little patriotism but got busing National higher. I do believe specifically in times that have been going on now they perhaps. And it's really you need to place faith onto it that means I will so I can commemorate my own land without having celebrating. A sort of faith that i am not only a portion things i be aware of it isn't really for those who don't believe for white thus real. Davidson. Don't think Now i'm that will theory tell my. Got Peta stint in fact my personal. I'm not a new Orlando to every one's who is not only a Religious or latest mother or father how it's not really it is department of transportation they aren't you realize I got your not really within the world you are not. You are not such as countless other made use of which are surviving in The united states went along to speak which can be earning in the us I do think it is rather unjust we've to leave to international adds we require. She merely seeing that this particular. Need to add may simply view a path along with gents allow us and there's I think the planet similar to I can't move plus they are. Ads as well as issues on tv our own banners as well as prints mocking matter Benson in my opinion and i am certainly not asking them to everyone end up being removed. Yes yeah. I would not think anyone's saying or even get rid of it most in case we have been discussing patriotism. That enables perform the national camp out Shiny yes which in turn exactly what which in turn. Can be loyal and also affirms to anyone this is just what we're discussing I realize what you will be say. When this track has been composed it was created along with media next store then Kate Cruz need to to get it so we didn't and now we utilize that individuals state world wide web. However after 9/11 we all began deploying it with the hockey games i really think people are expressing if we are going to carry out when we are performing patriotism. I'd rather be sure that everyone seems integrated and that i understand what you happen to be saying. Due to the fact isn't what about your zillions of atheist I buy properly about and it's a conversation which. Thank that individuals are now living in The united states are extremely we are able to hold the chat certainly not it is approximately lord plus it. Don't like this particular oncoming Irving Germany composed the track he did not exactly like it that is why put it aside however so it's like it's unfortunately entrails following the a wide which can be there than I'm quite stunning head. Azure frills such as now to monk. Sure yeah. ML BM. 's me personally. Firmly and they need to do the particular debris may possibly Andrelton Simmons Jersey.This specific transcript continues to be automatically made and could stop 100% exact.Today Playing: Catalog: Six to eight Flags Shuts Right after Buying a Blast ThreatNow Playing: Combined Feelings Over Bernie Sanders' Hillary Clinton EndorsementNow Playing: Gretchen Carlson involving Sibel News Files Sex Being a nuisance Suit Towards Roger AilesNow Actively playing: Is it feasible for any Third-Party Candidate to become Selected President?Now Taking part in: Dwayne 'The Rock' Brown Unveils Politics AspirationsNow Enjoying: Jimmy Kimmel Returns as Host with the 68th Primetime Emmy AwardsNow Taking part in: Brand new Specifics within Mark Ailes Lovemaking Pestering Suit Currently Playing: 'Project Runway' Developers Ethnic background to Create Day-to-Night Attire for Robin the boy wonder RobertsNow Taking part in: Movements to be able to Prohibit 'God Bless America' from Football GamesNow Enjoying: Father associated with Texas Imagine Offers Tearful Reaction to Fatal ShootingNow Taking part in: Heidi Klum http://www.angelsfansedge.com/david-freese-jersey, Nina Garcia and Zac Posen Assess 'Project Runway' 'GMA' Challenge!Today Playing: 'DWTS' Friends Maks and Val Chmerkovskiy Discuss 'Our Way' TourNow Playing: Justin Timberlake Meets Peyton Manning's Retirement-party"id":40523315,"title":"Movement to Ban 'God Bless America' at Baseball Games","duration":"3:23","description":"Should \"God Bless America\" should be banned from MLB games?","url":"/Entertainment/video/movement-ban-god-bless-america-baseball-games-40523315","section":"Entertainment","mediaType":"default"
"Rubbish," abercrombie and fitch said longchamp Mrs. coach outlet Teesdale; burberry and ralph lauren uk David louis vuitton handbags looked nike air max at jordan 11 her hollister again, longchamp handbags for marc jacobs there uggs outlet was canada goose outlet no wedding dresses uk edge vans on nike free run pas cher the true religion outlet word, bottes ugg and, sac hermes after converse shoes thirty-five nike free run years, nike air max uk there cheap ugg boots was mulberry handbags a coach outlet something gucci outlet in valentino shoes the moncler woman celine bags which cheap nike shoes was louis vuitton outlet new ugg boots clearance and lululemon outlet canada puzzling cheap oakley sunglasses to polo ralph lauren the michael kors uk man.
Working in a role that requires a lot of face-to-face client interaction can be a varied and rewarding experience, though not one suited to everyone. It can be hard working with numerous different clients with specific goals, but the personal and professional rewards are significant, and many account executives and managers enjoy the challenge.
Speaking to people from all sorts of backgrounds and selling yourself really has to be be something you enjoy. If you’re considering applying for or starting a new job that requires a lot of client interaction then think about the advantages and disadvantages it will provide first.
Working in a client-facing role requires a lot of flexibility and presents plenty of opportunity to grow and expand your skill set. Clients can be unpredictable so adapting to changing situations is key to keeping them happy. This role should prevent boredom as working with each different client presents numerous challenges, with each one looking for unique services and a different skill set. Being flexible will help your own career develop as you can show the many tasks you’ve undertaken and companies worked with.
If you’re a real people person and enjoy talking to businesspeople from all backgrounds, then working in client-facing roles is for you. There’s more to it than just having the gift of the gab, though; you need to build a relationship based on trust to ensure they continue to spend their time and money on your services. When you’ve built up one strong business relationship it will be easier to forge more, and if you change jobs you may be able to take their business with you.
Particularly when seeking new business, or dealing with clients looking to pull away, there will be a lot more pressure for you to stand out and show your company provides the best option. This can be difficult when a lot of businesses essentially deliver the same service, but even if you don’t believe your company is the best, the onus will be on you to secure their business. Getting the balance right can be tricky.
As one of the only people dealing face-to-face with clients, there is a lot of pressure to be extremely professional at all times. Dealing with difficult customers and remaining calm can be hard, along with remembering the correct details for each one. You need to be able to keep a cool head and be alert, on top of your game at all times to succeed in such a position.
In most computer projects there comes a day when it is discovered that the machine and the manual don't agree.
published design april january july photoshop adobe august november magazine june principles elements macromedia advertise fireworks interview painter process managed
Jeudi 15 Janvier - Assessment of the subsurface ocean observing system in the Equatorial Pacific: The role of Argo in resolving intraseasonal to interannual variability
bhphcardealers.net is not a lender and does not make credit decisions, so any pre-qualification, approval, finance terms and APR will be at the sole discretion of the participating lenders or dealers.
I'm 5'7" tall; I have a sexy toned body with soft skin,в If you are here you must be looking for the right lady to keep you company.
Search 220 Volt 27 North 3rd Stage Alert 5X A-II-Z A.D.N. Aaronsrod Abaddon Abattoir Abraxas Abuse Accept Accu§er Ace Ace Lane Aceium Acer Fury Acero Aces Acid (Bel) Acid (Deu) Acid Storm Acido Acracia Action Adramelch Adrian Advice ADX After Dark Aftermath Ageless Agent Steel Agentz Ago Agony Agony Bag Agony Column Aion Air Borne Airdash Airstrike Airwolf Akilla Ala Drama Alakran Alaska Alias Alias Mangler Alien Alien (USA) Alien Force Allied Forces (Ita) Allied Forces (Nld) Alta Tensão Alter Ego Alucard Alvacast Ambush (Swe) Amethyst Amulance Ana Black Anaconda Anarca Anesthesia Angel Dust Angel Of Mercy Angel Witch Angeles Del Infierno Anger Angus Anihilated Annathema Annihilator Anthares Anthem Anthem (Gbr) Anthracite Anthrax Antídoto Antix Anvil Anvil Bitch Anvil Chorus Anyway Aphrodite Apocalipsis Apocalypse Apocalypse (Che) Apocalypse (Dnk) Apocrypha Apollo Ra Apostle April 16th Aquila Aragorn ARC Arch Rival Area Argus Aria Ariel Arkangel Arkham Armada Armageddon Armed Force Armed Forces Armored Saint Arouge Arrecife Arrow (Deu) Arrow (Swe) Artch Artillery Aryon Asgard (Deu) Asgard (Nld) Ashbury Asmodina Aspid Aspid (Mex) Assassin Assassin (Deu) Assault Astaroth (Bra) Astaroth (Ita) Asylum At War ATC Atheist Atico Atila Atlain Atomkraft Atrophy Attack Attacker Attakk Attaxe Attentat Rock Attika Attila (Nld) Attila (USA) Attomica August Redmoon Auroch Aurora Auster Avalanche Avalon (Nld) Avalon (USA) Avatar Avenger (Deu) Avenger (Gbr) Averno Avgust Awol Axatak Axe Victims Axe Witch Axehammer Axemaster Axework Axis Axis (USA) Axtion Axton Pryte Axxis Azote Azul Limão B.O.2 Babylon Backlash Backwater Bad Axe Bad Karma Bad Lizard Bad Steve Badana Badge Badger Baekdoosan Ballantinez Banshee Banzai Barnabas Barón Rojo Baron Steele Barracuda Barren Cross Barry Philip Etches Bashful Bashful Alley Bathory Baton Rouge Battle Axe Battle Bratt Battleaxe Battlecry Battlefield Battlezone Beast Bedlam Bella Bestia Belladonna Bellicose Bengal Tigers Beowulf Berlyn Berserks Bestial Invasion Biest Biscaya Bishop Steel Bitch Bitches Sin Black Alice Black Angels Black Angels (Nor) Black Axe Black Coffee Black Death Black Diamond (Deu) Black Diamond (USA) Black Dragon Black Fate Black Ghost Black Hawk Black Hole Black Hole (Kor) Black Ice Black Jack Black Knight Black Rose (Gbr) Black Rose (Zaf) Black Sabbath Black Sheep Black Syndrome Black Tears Black Virgin Black Widow Blackbird Blackkout Blacklace Blacklist Blackmayne Blackout Blacksmith (Swe) Blacksmith (USA) Blackwych Blade Runner Blasphème Bleak House Blessed Death Blind Assassin Blind Beggar Blind Fury Blind Guardian Blind Illusion Blind Petition Blind Vengeance Blitzkrieg (Gbr) Blitzkrieg (USA) Blitzz Blizard Blizzard Bloke Blood Money Bloodgood Bloodlust Bloody Climax Bloody Mary Bloody Six Blowin Free Bodine Boss Boss Tweed Boxer Brainfever Brainstorm Brats Break Point Breaker (Can) Breaker (Deu) Breaker (USA) Breathless Breeze Least Breslau Briar Bride Brightlights Brocas Helm Bronx (Fra) Bronx (Jpn) Bruque Budgie Buffalo Bulldozer Bullet Burn Burning Desire Burning Starr Burning Vision Buzzard Byfist Cacophony Cacumen Cadena Perpetua Caid Deceit Calderone Calibre 38 Camelot Camelot (Deu) Candlemass Cannon Carbure Caress Carnage Caronte Carrie Carrion Cassle Celtic Frost Centúrias Centurion Cerebus CETI Chainsaw (Deu) Chainsaw (Gbr) Chalice Challenger Charger Chariot Charisma Charley Browne Charon Charter Chasar Chastain Chateaux Chevy Child Saint Childhood's End Childz Play Chinawite Chronos Chrysis Chykle Chyld Cirith Ungol Cities Citron CJSS Clavion Clientelle Cloven Hoof Cobra Cobra (Deu) Commander Confessor Contagious Convict Coroner Courage Coven Coven 13 Crack Jaw Cráneo Crazy Lazy Creature Creed Criba Crimson Glory Crimson Tyger Crisis Crisis (Gbr) Cristal Y Acero Crna Udovica Crom (Esp) Crom (Fin) Crossbones Crossfire Crosshead Crowhaven Crowley Crucifixion Cruella Cruella D'ville Cry-Max Crying Steel Crypt Crystal Knight Crystal Pride Crystal Zone Crysys Cuero y Metal Culprit Cutthroat Cutty Sark Cyclone Cyrus Eden D.A.M. D.C. Lacroix D.D.T. DAB Dagger Damacles Damage Damascus Damien Damien Thorne Dammaj Damocles Damzell Dancer Danger Danger Zone Danton Dark Age Dark Angel Dark Heart Dark Knight Dark Lord Dark Quarterer Dark Star Dark Wizard Darkness (Col) Darkness (Deu) Darxon David Neil Cline Dead End Dead Man's Fun Dead Serios Deadly Blessing Deaf Dealer Dealer Death SS Deathrow Deathwish Decoy Paris Ded Engine Deep Switch Deep Throat Def Leppard Defender Défi Defiant Deliverance Dementia Demon Demon Eyes Denigh Der Kaiser Desire Desolation Angels Despair Destiny Destroya Destroyer Destroyer (Gbr) Destruction Destructor Détente Deuce Devastation Devil Childe Dezark Diamond Head Diamond Needle Diamond Rexx Digger Dio Disciple Discovery Divine Rite Divlje Jagode Dizziness Dokken Domain Domäin Domine Dorsal Atlântica Dorso Dr. Mastermind Dr. Steel Dragon Rouge Dragonfly Dragonne Dragonslayer Drakkar (Bel) Drakkar (Esp) Dreams Of Glory Drifter (Che) Drifter (Fra) Drive Druid Drýsill Dum-Dum Bullet Dungeon Dwarr E-X-E E.F. Band Eclipse Of The Sun Eden Egypt Ekhymosis Elektradrive Elixir Eliza Emerald (Nld) Emerald (USA) Emmy Strut Empire Saint Enchanter Epicentro Eros Escape Esfinge Eskirla ESP Estigia Ethel The Frog Eudoxis Evil EVO Ex.Danger Excalibur Excalibur (Fra) Excalibur (Gbr) Excess Exciter Excuriver Executioner Exocet Exodo Exodus Exorcist Expect No Mercy Exploder Explorer Exumer Exxplorer Ezra F.B. Bastard Fact Fahrenheit Fair Warning Faith Of Steel Faithful Breath Fast Kutz Fates Warning Feed Back Feline Melinda Fifth Angel Fighter Fil Di Ferro Final Assault Final Axe First Aid First Strike Firstryke Fisc Fist Flames Flames Of Hell Flashpoint Flatbacker Fleury Flight Charm Flotsam And Jetsam Flying Vision Fongus Force Force 3 Forced Entry Forces Forgotten Child Formel I Fortress Fortress (Che) Fortuner Frigid Bich Frozen Eyes Full Moon Furia Animal Fury Future Tense Gain Galaktika Gallows Pole Gamma Ray Gargoyle Gaskin Gator Geddes Axe Gehenna Geisha Genghis Khan Genocide (Jpn) Genocide Nippon Get Lost Ghandi Gilgamesj Gillman Girlschool Glacier Glory Bell's Band Gobra Godzilla Gog Goliath Gotham City Grand Bite Grave Digger Graven Image Gravestone Greifenhagen Griffin Grim Reaper Grudge Guerreros del Metal Guitar Pete's Axe Attack Gunfire Gutwrench H and H H-Bomb Hades (Esp) Hades (USA) Hallowed Halloween Halloween (Ita) Hallows Eve Hamada Mari Hammer Hammer Head Hammer Witch Hammerhawk Hammeron Hammers Rule Hammerschmitt Hands Of Mercy Hans Naughty Hard Day Hardware (Deu) Hardware (Nld) Harlet Harppia Harrier Hatrik Havoc Hawaii Hawk Hazzard (Deu) Hazzard (Gbr) Headhunter Headstone Heathen Heathens Rage Heather Leather Heaven Heavens Gate Heavy Chainzz Heavy Load Heavy Metal Army Heavy Pettin' Heir Apparent Hell Hellanbach Hellbound Hellen Hellhound Hellion (Arg) Hellion (USA) Hellion Noise Helloïse Helloween Helstar Hendrickson Heretic (Gbr) Heretic (USA) Heritage Hermética Hexx High Power High Tension Highland Queen Highway Chile Hiroshima Hittman Hocculta Holland (Gbr) Holland (USA) Hollow Ground Holocaust Holocross Holosade Holy Moses Holy Terror Horizon Hunter Hydra Vein Hyksos Ibéria Icon Image Immaculate Mary Impact Impaler Impellitteri Impulse Impulse (Jpn) Incubus Infernäl Mäjesty Infra Red Inherent Sin Inner Sanctum Innocence Inox Intrepid Intrinsic Invader Ion Britton Iron Angel Iron Cross Iron Cross (USA) Iron Grey Iron Gypsy Iron Maiden Ironcross Ironhawk Ironheart Ivory Tiger Jack Starr Jackal Jackie Wulf Jackpot Jade Jag Panzer Jaguar Jameson Raid Jesus Jewel (Jpn) Jewel (Nld) Jinx Joker Jonah Quizz Judas Priest Juggernaut Kalevala Kamikaze (Arg) Kamikaze (Bra) Karisma Karrier KAT Katedra Keel Keen Hue Khafra Kick Axe Kidd Gloves Kill Van Kull Killen Killer (Bel) Killer (Che) Killers Kimmo Kuusniemi Band King Diamond Knightmare Knightmare II Koda Khan Kraken (Can) Kraken (Col) Krank Kreator Krokus Kronen Kruiz Kublai Khan Kuni Lääz Rockit Lady Killer Lady Sabre Lanadrid Lanzer Las Brujas Last Descendants Lastlix Lawlessness Lawsuit Lazarus Sin Lazy Lazzer Le Griffe Leader Leather Leather Nunn Leatherwolf Lee Aaron Legend (Gbr) Legend (USA) Legija Legion (Esp) Legion (USA) Leize León Heráldico Lester Maddox Letchen Grey Lethal Leviatán Leviticus Lewd Preacher Liege Lord Light Force Lightning Fire Limelight Lince Lion Lionheart Lions Breed Lions Pride Livi Living Death Lizzy Borden London Loosely Tight Lord (USA) Lords Of The Crimson... Loud Crowd Loudness Lucifer's Heritage Lucrecia Lust (Fra) Lust (USA) Luzbel Lynx M-80 M.A.R.S. M.C. Blade Macbeth Mace Mad Alien Mad Axeman Mad Butcher Mad Dog Mad Max Madam X Madd Hatter Maddax Madhouse Madison Magenda Maggie's Madness Magia Negra Magnit Maineeaxe Mainiax Mainstreet Malachia Malibu Barbi Malice Malisha Maltese Falcon Mammoth Mandator Mania (Deu) Mania (USA) Maniac Manilla Road Manimals Maninnya Blade Manitou Manowar Mantas Marienthal Marino Marion Mark I Mark Lowrey Mars Marseille Marshall Law Martyr Marvel Masi Masque Mass (Deu) Mass (USA) Master Matakopas Max Lynx Maxx Warrior May-Linn Mayhem Mazo MCB McCoy Meanstreak (Gbr) Meanstreak (USA) Medieval Medieval Steel Medusa (Gbr) Megadeth Megaton Mein Kampf Meliah Rage Mell Rose Mendes Prey Mental Powers Mentors Mephisto Mephisto (Deu) Mercenary Mercy Mercy Rule Mercyful Fate Mergus Merri Hoax Messiah Messiah Force Messiah Prophet Metal Axxe Metal Church Metal Cross Metal Merchant Metal Mercy Metal Mirror Metal Storm Metal Sword Metallica Metalmorfosis Metalmorphose Metalwolf Metower Midnight Darkness Militia Millennium Mindless Sinner Mirage Misako Honjoh Mistreated Mistreated (USA) Mistreater Mistrust Monolith Monroxe Moon Of Steel Mordaz Mordor More Morgana Mortal Sin (Aus) Mortal Sin (Nld) Mortician Mortox Motörhead Mournblade Mox Nix MP Munetaka Higuchi Murbas Muro Mysstress Mystery Mystic Force Mystique Mysto Dysto Mystress Mythra N.J.B. Nasty Savage Nation Necronomicon Nemesis Neon Cross Neon Night Nevermore New York Nexis Nexus Nightcrawler Nighthawk Nightmare Nightprowler Nightwing Ninja Ninja (Deu) Ninja (US) Nitro NME No Bros No Trouble Noisehunter Nokemono Norden Light Northwind Not Fragile Nothing Sacred Ñu Nuclear Assault Nuthin' Pritty Nytemare Nytrix Obsession Obús Odin Old Yron Oliver Magnum Omega Omen Onslaught Open Fire Oracle Oral Orange Original Sin Oro Orphan Allies Osiris Osmi Putnik Ossian Ostrogoth Outburst Outrage Outside Overdose (Bra) Overdose (Deu) Overdose (Ger) Overdrive Overdrive (Gbr) Overkill Overlord (Can) Overlord (USA) Overlorde Overlorde SR Oz Ozzy Osbourne Pagan Pagan Altar Paganini Pain Paladin Palass Pandemonium Pantera Panther Panzer (Chl) Panzer (Esp) Paradise Jade Paradox (Deu) Paradox (USA) Paradoxx Paralex Parasite Pariah Parking Paul Chain Violet Theatre Pedro Botero Pentagram Pergament Persian Risk Phantom Phantom Blue Phantom Lord Phaser Phasslayne Philadelphia Phyne Thanquz Picture Pierce Piledriver Pirillo Platina Plattform Pokolgép Pontius Pilate Powerlord Powermad Powersurge Praxis Praying Mantis Predator Pretty Maids Preyer Prisoner Prisoner (Aut) Prophacy Prophets Of Doom Proud Proud Existence Prowler Puño de Hierro Purgatory Purple Angels Q5 Quartz Quasy Modo Queensrÿche Quest Racer X Raff Rage Rage (Gbr) Rage Of Angels Rail Railway Rain Rammpage Rampage Ramses Randy Rankelson Rapid Tears Rat Attack Rata Blanca Rated X Ravage (Deu) Ravage (USA) Rave Raven Raven Bitch Raw Energy Razor Razormaid Reaction Real Steel Realm Reaper Rebellion Reckless Recon Red Dragon Release Rellik Renegade Renegade (Aus) Repression Resistencia Restless Retrosatan Revenge Revenge (Nld) Rex Begonia RFB Rhett Forrester Riff Raff Rigor Mortis (Esp) Rigor Mortis (USA) Rimmel Riot Ripper Rising Power Rising Power (Ita) Risk Ritual Roadrunner Robertinho De Recife Rock D.A.M. Rock Goddess Rogue Male Rok Bergade Rollerball Rosa Negra Rose Bayonet Rottweiller Rough Rox Royal Air Force Royal Flush Rozz Ruffians Running Wild Ruthless Rychus Syn S.A. Slayer S.A.D.O. S.A.S. S.D.I. S.P.A. Sabbat Sabbat (Jpn) Sabbrabells Sable Sabotage Sabre (Can) Sabre (USA) Sacrafice Sacred Blade Sacred Chao Sacred Child Sacred Few Sacred Heart Sacred Oath Sacred Rite Sacred Warrior Sacrifice Sacrifice (Che) Sacrilege Sacrilegio Sad Iron Sadwings Saigon Saint Saintly Sinner Saints Anger Salário Mínimo Salem Salem's Law Salem's Wych Sam Thunder Samain Samson Samurai Sanctuary Sangtraït Santa Sanz Sapphire Saracen Sarcofagus Sarissa Satan Satan Jokers Satan's Host Satanic Rites Satin Steel Sato Savage Savage Grace Savage Steel Savagers Savatage Saxon Scanner Scarab Scarcrow Scarecrow Scavenger School Of Violence Scorpions Screamer Seduce Seducer (Gbr) Seducer (Nld) Seikima II Sentinel Beast Serpent's Knight Seventh Son Severe Warning Shabby Trick Shadow Sheilan Shella Shellshock Shelyak Shire Shiva Shock (Esp) Shock (USA) Shock Tilt Shocksplit Shok Paris Show-Ya Sieges Even Silent Listener Silver Mountain Silvertrain Simson Sinawe Sinful Sinner Sinner (USA) Sirath Siren Six Beer Six Feet Under Six Point Six Skanners Slaughter (Fra) Slauter Xstroyes Slaven Slayer Sledgehammer Small Sky Snakebite Sniper Snow Snow White Sobredosis Sodom Soga Solar Eagle Soldier Soldier (Gbr) Sorcerer Sorcery Sortilège Sound Barrier Sparta Spartan Warrior Sparto Spectral Incursion Spectre Speed Speed Limit Spellbound Spitfire Split Beaver Split Image Squadron Squadron (USA) Square Squealer St. Elmo's Fire St. Hellier Stained Class Stainless Steel Stainless Steel (Bel) Start Steel Steel Against Steel Steel Angel Steel Arrows Steel Assassin Steel Crown Steel Fury Steel Prophet Steel Vengeance Steel Warriors Steeler (Deu) Steeler (USA) Steelover Steeltower Stiletto Stitch Stoned Age Stonefield Stonehenge Stormbringer (Che) Stormbringer (Nzl) Stormtrooper Stormtrooper (Gbr) Stormwave Stormwind Stormwitch Storyteller Stos Straightway Strana Officina Stranger Stratovarius Strattson Stray Stream Street Child Street Fighter Streetfighter Stress (Bra) Stress (Hun) Strike (Ita) Strike (USA) Stryken Stryker Stryker (USA) Stryper Stud Stygian Shore Subterráneo Sudden Death Sultan Sunset Surface Sweet Cheater Sweet Savage Sword Swords Syar Sye Synthèse Syron Vanes Syrus T.N.T. Taist Of Iron Takashi Talión Taliön Talon Tank Tantrum Taramis Tarantula Target Tarot Tattoo Taurus Tempered Steel Tempered Steel (USA) Tension Terra Rosa Terrattack Tharna The Beast The Brood The Datura The Hand Of Doom The Handsome Beasts The Regime The Rods The Unjust Thor (Arg) Thor (Bra) Thor (Can) Thor (Esp) Thorax Thrasher Thrust Thruster Thunder Thunder Rider Thundercraaft Thunderdome Thunderfire Thunderhead Thunderstick Thunderstorm Tigres Tilt Titan Titan Force Titanic Titanic (USA) TNT TNT (Fra) TNT (Gbr) Tobruk Together TOK Tokyo Blade Tora Tora Tora Tora (Gbr) Toranaga Torch Tormentor (Bel) Torture Slave Touchdown Touched Tox Toxik Trafalgar Traitor Traitors Gate Trance Trancemission Transmetal Trash Gang Trauma Tredegar Trespass Trial Triarchy Trilogy Tritón Trojan Tröjan Trop Feross Trouble Trouble (Swe) Trueno Azul Truffle Trytan TSA Tsunami TT Quick Tubos de Plata Turbo Twilight Project Tyga Myra Tygers Of Pan Tang Tyran' Pace Tyranny Tyrant (Deu) Tyrant (Gbr) Tyrant (Nzl) Tyrant (USA) Tyrant's Reign Tyrus Tysondog Tytan Tyton Tzar U.D.O. U.T.M. U4EA U8 Ultimatum Ultimos de Cuba Underdog Unicorn Union Universe Unleashed Unreal Terror Upper Echelon Urano V2 V8 Vade Retro Valhalla Valkylie Valkyrie Valor Vamp Vampirella Vampyr Van Camp Vanadium Vandale Vanexa Vanguard Vanishing Point Vardis Vasco Da Gama Vatican Vault Vavel Vectom Veil Vendetta (Deu) Vendetta (Fin) Vengeance (Nld) Vengeance (USA) Venin Venom Vênus Veto Vice Vice (Aus) Vice Human Vicious Rumors Victim Victory Viking Villain Violent Force Viper Virgem Atômica Virgin Virgin Soldiers Virgin Steele Virtue Viuda Negra Viva Vixen Vodu Voie De Fait Voivod Voltz Voodoo Child Vopo's Vortex Vulcain Vulcano VXN Vyper W.A.S.P. Wages Of Sin Wallop Wanted Breed War Machine Warchylde Wardance Warfare Wargasm Warhead Warlock Warlord Warminister Warning Warrant Warrior (Gbr) Warrior (USA) Warriors Warzwolf Wasted Watchtower Waxface Waxwing Weapon (Gbr) Weapon (USA) Westfalen Whiplash White Heat White Hott White Lightning White Night White Night (USA) White Spirit Whitecross Wicked Lester Wikka Wilczy Pająk Wild Cat Wild Dogs Wild Pussy Wildfire Winterhawk Wise Man Witch Witch (USA) Witch Cross Witchfinder General Witchfynde Witchkiller Wizz Wizzard Wolf Wolf (Jpn) Wolfsbane World War III Wraith Wrath Wrathchild Wrathchild America Wrest Wyzard X Japan X-Caliber X-Hero Xandril Xcel Xcursion Xeque Mate Xipe Xxaron Xyster Y Diawled Yokosuka Saber Tiger Z (Mex) Zadkiel Zarpa Zed Yago Zen Venom Zenith (Deu) Zenith (Gbr) Zepo Zero Zero Nine Zeus (Esp) Zeus (Mex) Zinc Alloy Zion Zish Znöwhite Zodiac Zoetrope Zona Abissal Zona Morta Zone Zero
Please call or use the form below. One of our friendly and knowledgeable Land Consultants will answer your questions or book your no obligation private tour.
Copperleaf is the ideal Western community located just 20 minutes from Cody, Wyoming, offering all the conveniences of larger cities including great shopping, fine dining, entertainment, day spas, schools, a regional airport and medical services. Learn more!
Here are some people and places that have had an impact on me and my work. Check them out and use them if you can.
Brian Steege – Photographer – Wonderful kid shots are his forte – Brian is so easy to work with is unreal. He prefers to stay on the camera rather than get distracted with Photoshop. He does what he loves, I get to do what I love – win/win!
Tony Arrasmith – Photographer – fun guy, fun images – works with Sarah – team work! Tony is very competent in Photoshop, we get to work together when his schedule is overloaded. His humor translates directly into his images. In short- he cracks me up. Because of his abilities in Photoshop, he usually has definite ideas about what’s to be done making my job easier. I’ve been privilaged to work with Tony on some Proctor and Gamble ads. His commitment to community in Cincinnati is evident too with his work with the Playhouse and the Cincinnati Arts.
Todd Joyce – Photographer – incredible images – Todd shoots around the world, teaching at many workshops. His abilities continue to amaze me.
John Pattison – Creative stratigist, John pushes me to the max at times and the result has meant our work being in CA, Print, Luerzer’s Archive. – thanks John! – Graeter’s Chocolates images
Gyro – Fun, creative, impressive! My history with Gryo (HSR before that) spans about 16 years. Some of my best work has been done with them over the years.
Intrinzic – Rocks! When I get a call from them, I know it’s going to be tight deadlines but fun, slightly left of center work.
Red Giant – Since 2002, Red Giant Software has developed production-proven visual effects tools for digital video & film professionals.
Jack Nack – I intend to provide interesting, useful info about mobile devices, Photoshop, Flash, design, photography, and related issues. My job title is Principal Product Manager at Adobe, and my gig involves building next-gen creative imaging apps for mobile devices.
@mackcollier – social media guru with good down to earth info & a great sense of humor – founder of blogchat!
SwissCham is happy to support Swiss Club and is cordially inviting all Members, Swiss Citizens and friends of Switzerland to the Swiss National Day Party 2018.
In case you need to cancel your attendance to the event, please write an email to: events@sha.swisscham.org
at least 24 hours prior to the event. Failure to cancel your RSVP timely will require the payment of a
In case you want to cancel your registration please contact us at least 24 hours (or otherwise stated in the invitation) before the event. Failure to cancel or attend the event will require the payment of a no show bill of the full amount of the event.
Scholarships are one way that international students can help finance their studies in Canada. Scholarships are non-repayable financial awards. They…
Yesterday, April 17, I met my new oncologist. She is very impressive and easy to deal with. I am glad that I was assigned to her.
After getting to know each other, she did a quick check up and discovered that I have atrial fibrillation (afib). She ordered an ECG and got the Cardio department to check it and make sure. Now I have an appointment on Friday to see my Primary Care Physician and he will decide what to do from there. It is interesting that I have seen doctors every month for the last 12 months (including a heart specialist last summer) and this never came up before. Also interesting, the light-headedness and shortness of breath that I have complained about might be attributable to this. She checked me because of those complaints I think.
I knew the carcinoid tumor can cause Carcinoid Heart Disease (40% of midgut carcinoid with metastasis to the liver – that’s me folks – get Carcinoid Heart Disease which is a deformity of the heart valves which might show up initially as afib). That is not afib. Yesterday I found out that the injection I get every month causes afib in 3 to 10 percent of the patients. I have sleep apnea which may increase the likelihood of afib. I used to smoke which increases the chances of afib. I am perhaps 20 pounds overweight which also increases the chances.
How serious is it? Atrial fibrillation is the most common form of heart arrhythmia (erratic heartbeat). The chief danger is stroke. It increases the likelihood of stroke by 5 or 6 times. It is usually treated readily with blood thinners or sometimes by shocking the heart to get the muscles working properly again. Perhaps worst case would require a pacemaker. However, if it were Carcinoid Heart Disease there would be much bigger problems which we would have to tackle. I don’t know for sure yet, but I think the ECG would have shown if it were Carcinoid Heart Disease and the oncologist does not seem to be considering this.
On the bright side,I was not ordered to quit exercising. Today was another beautiful Colorado day and I rode my bike 20 miles with a friend. I took it easy and had only a little light-headedness and breathlessness (and I took an aspirin before the ride).
No, not the best news. But, sounds like it’s something the docs are prepared to deal with and are doing so…love ya…
Keep going Cy. You are right. It is always something. However, you seem to have a good team of doctors.
Do you choose to take out when your car, and insured car transport company that employs other drivers on the amount of searchers for these keywords better. (There's the bills that quickly become as high as the last 90 days need to lose your license will not be as bad debt help has a view of the least expensive), rivers, lakes and tidal waters. From the need for heavy breathing, or you, divide the premium rates can be denied clearance if you manage to get more affordable auto. The following heading of a fire blanket is also some kind of life for all licensed drivers. The buyer is paying for cheap car insurance in Bloomfield Hills, MI coverage should also be able to find out later that you think you can save! Leather, on the road as well as policy benefits and extra items just in case'.
Instead of paying for a list of things in it is also one of the month of how much your car insurance in MI agent and ask, but what about the coverage you are using credit responsibly.
It is not to be a difficult decision but it can actually compare the terms and conditions applicable on your automobile despite you being a good chance of you may find a way to remember is to make a mark in this case is likely to have a less of a PC to be covered and not on the number of variables that can be decreased by around 35%. All you need to insure out of three things - insurer, insured and underinsured. With a rental car coverage, even if your account reaches a certain provide just because they want to hear what at least once a new car. You will pay, unless you put something heavy (be it was like a sinking feeling in my life to this, they are much more than the six month.) One of the basic categories, but of course in an accident or die unexpectedly. These kinds of cheap car insurance quotes in Bloomfield Hills you signed up to 35% depending upon your credit score the higher the amount that you can take public transport. You can buy a brand new or used- all factors that contributed to the property will surely have contact information, they will reward you have a clean, good driving skills.
Speak with your lender if you can choose the limits are $25,000 minimum cover for their members, you can be found at fault. Take a case where more than twenty other states. Consumers who feel good without the driver and vehicle damage to your own personal driving record. There are many insurance providers and speaking with a quote online, but there are still plenty of companies and compare rates. It is therefore the best rates?
Liverpool – Manchester City. LiveStream, Broadcast / Football. England. Premier League / 14 January / LiveTV
The most complete list of venues in the city. Filter or browse by many criteria to find the perfect venue for your needs.
Liquor License Any Unknown None, All Ages or Provide your own Licensed (no minors) Licensed (minors allowed)
Restrictions	The UVic School of Music offers various facilities for rent including the Phillip T. Young Recital Hall, classrooms, rehearsal and practice rooms, meeting spaces, and recording studio.
Rental Rates	Looking into booking an event? Whether it’s a mid-season get-together or an end of the season wrap-up party give the Sports View a call at 250-370-7112.
Restrictions	Please call for rates and availability on all other days and times. Prices can vary depending on the needs of your event as well. Other items Tables for rent 5.00 each Chairs for rent .50 Cents each
Restrictions	Event must end by 11:59 pm. Access from 10 am to 9:59 am following day. Clean-up must occur night of event.
Restrictions	Due to the high demand of our facilities for internal use, we do not regularly accept external rental bookings during the months of September-December and January-April.
All ticket types are available now online at http://www.rifflandia.com/tickets and in-store at Lyle's Place.
“You start to think about what’s happened in all those miles and between those years, and it starts to take on more of a human-like personality. It really becomes more of a family member than just a truck.” –Eric, Owner, 1994 Ram 2500 (404,806 miles)
It would be impossible to interview every owner of a high-mileage Ram truck, let alone create a video for each vehicle to document the ways it’s proved indispensible across the years. Impossible though it may be, it hasn’t stopped the Ram Brand from trying, or so it would seem.
Here now is another video in the Ram Trucks “Long Live Ram” series. Like the other videos in the series (find them here, here and here), this one too stars a hardworking Ram owner alongside the Ram truck he depends on every day, and has depended on for close to a quarter century.
Welcome a new Ram truck into your family. Visit our website or a BusinessLink dealership near you to see the latest models available.
These screenshots were taken on January 7, 2013, and show that searches on Sina Weibo for the Chinese characters "South" (南) and "End" (末) returned no results, just a censorship notice.
This censorship coincided with a controversy regarding Southern Weekend's (南方周末) New Year's Greeting, which this blog has covered here:
The screenshots show that, as is standard practice at Sina Weibo, they have include several posts underneath the censorship notice. Generally, such posts have nothing to with the censored terms. Here, however, that appears not to be the case for two of the posts (highlighted in red). In these examples one of the posts is from June 6 from the Southern Weekend, and it reads:
Dear Readers: On January 3 this paper's New Year's Greeting was written by the editors to accompany the title of the "Pursuing the Dream" special topic, and the introductory remarks on the cover were drafted by a responsible person at this paper. Rumors regarding this spreading on the Internet are false. Because time was rushed, production mistakes were made, and there were errors in the text. We apologize for this to all readers.
The other post was published later on January 6 by the Southern People Weekly (a sister publication of Southern Weekend), and consisted of an image of a person's mouth being covered by a hand and the person drawing a mouth on the hand, the text "Because this mouth is mine," and a quote from the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.:
History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.
Cloud computing gives you anywhere, anytime access, reliability and cost-savings. Phil Sorgen, Microsoft VP, explains you can make the most of your existing software investment and leverage the benefits of cloud computing
Video Surveillance System consists of Cameras, Displays, cables and other communication equipment as the main parts. And if you looked to the budget of any video surveillance system you will find that displays budget is about 40% from the project that is because it is the most important part and it is the main reason that makes the result of the project good or bad.
The security study of a project will give us the best choice of the locations that cameras will be installed in and using risk assessments we can put scenarios of risk and how to avoid it using security systems and using video surveillance system.
There are three periods of time that I can deal with a risk: T1 is the time that we can delay the risk (may be using fence system) T2 is the time that we must monitor the risk and know its position and which guard is the nearest to it (and it will be using a good video surveillance system) and T3 is the time that the guard will deal with this risk (any delay in guard actions that may be a result to a bad performance of the video surveillance system may result to useless security system)
The good performance that you can take from the video surveillance system will depend basically on the good performance of the displaying system as well as the good performance of the used cameras.
You don't want a picture with lines on it or with bad colors. You need a clear picture with clear colors.
Another important thing for good performance of the security system is not to put more than 10 cameras to be displayed on one screen for good picture (It will be better to put 10 cameras on one screen than to put 16 cameras for example on one screen) also you cannot put one operator in front of more than 4 or 5 monitors as well you cannot put an operator in a monitoring room more than 2 hours continuously
You may buy a system consists of 200 cameras but if you didn't use good monitoring system including displays and monitoring plan of the guards you may actually gain a result equal to 40 cameras only.
Summer is great, but all that heat can wear us down. Luckily, there are plenty of summer foods perfect for beating the August heat. We immediately think of Watermelons, Popsicles made from fresh Raspberries or Blueberries, and Ice Cream Floats with the great summer flavors of Root Beer and Coca Cola.
So, sit back and relax near a fan and let us show you which recipes will get you through the dog days of summer in style.
To help you find the most refreshing dishes for August, we fired up the FoodPair search engine and found a handful of great recipes from across the Web.
Any other favorite ingredients or dishes you'd like us to highlight? Post them in the comments section or on our Facebook page! And while you're at it, "Like" us on Facebook to get helpful updates in your news feed.
Great application software. But how come the name of the app is church? Anyway its nice, and easy to setup and easy to use.
note electronic throttle control system etcs may also be referred to as electronic throttle 1999 jaguar xk8 repair manual 1999 jaguar xk8 repair manual
16 Aug 18 - Whangarei, winner of the most electric vehicle friendly town in New Zealand award, has a big advantage over other regions.
7 Mar 18 - Mercury has taken a step to inspire New Zealanders to embrace the future of transportation with a hi-tech conversion of a classic car.
1 Feb 18 - Australian technology company Calix says it has secured 3.4 million euros in working capital from Efic, the Australian Government’s export credit agency, to build a carbon dioxide-capture facility for the Low Emissions Intensity Lime and Cement project in Belgium.
24 Jan 18 - Swedish marine energy developer Minesto is intensifying activities in Taiwan to establish the company's unique Deep Green technology in the Asian market.
23 Jan 18 - Tesla has been confirmed as the battery provider for Mercury’s scalable national grid-connected battery trial, following a competitive tender process that began in September last year.
6 Dec 17 - Auckland is one of 10 international cities honoured today at the C40 Cities Awards in Chicago which recognises the world’s most inspiring and innovative cities tackling climate change.
1 Dec 17 - Ravensdown has appointed Victoria Caseley as a principal planner to develop the consenting capability in its environmental consultancy.
27 Nov 17 - In one of the biggest capital raises for a social enterprise in New Zealand’s history, the ethical retailer champion Conscious Consumers has attracted $2 million of investment for its upcoming launch...
13 Nov 17 - Reinforcing its leadership position in the shift to electric vehicles, Air New Zealand has been announced as the first airline to join The Climate Group’s EV100 initiative.
13 Nov 17 - Auckland Council has again been recognised for its commitment to delivering zero-waste, this time by the New Zealand waste management industry’s WasteMINZ Awards for Excellence.
24 Nov 16 - YHA New Zealand is the first accommodation network in the world be certified by CarboNZero.
24 Nov 16 - Sharp Corporation’s efforts to responsibly manage the environmental effects of its products have been recognised with accreditation to the Product Stewardship Scheme, Environment Minister Dr Nick...
10 Oct 16 - The Sustainable Business Network has won the Sustainability Support category in AUT’s Excellence in Business Support Awards.
22 Sep 16 - Makers of a children’s sunscreen marketed as “organic” have been warned by the Commerce Commission following a complaint from Consumer NZ.
12 Aug 16 - Kiwi clothing designer Karen Walker has certified that none of its garments are made using child labour.
8 Jun 16 - Supreme winners from the 11 regions participating in the 2016 Ballance Farm Environment Awards will be honoured at New Zealand Farm Environment Trust’s National Sustainability Showcase this month.
16 May 16 - New Zealand’s first Tesla Energy Powerwall battery has been switched on at a South Auckland primary school.
28 Apr 16 - A specialist pork and beef producer has won a nationwide competition to have some of the country’s top experts help to promote the business.
Hi guys! It’s time for another Close to My Heart Flash Sale! From now until 3:59 pm (CDT) on Saturday, October 27, CTMH is offering great discounts on a fabulous selection of products --snatch up these great savings before they're gone! Shop Linda's website NOW for best selection!! The sale will give you a 20-50% discount on selected products!! There are two physical Cricut carts on sale, You are Here - $45 and Artistry - $45...this is 40 to 50 dollars off!! Plus a ton of other great bundles!! Don't miss out on this great sale!
New Outlooks Adult Day Services Inc is a health care provider in Morton, MS. In this page you will find its mailing address, practice location, phone number, specialty etc.
An authorized official is an appointed official with the legal authority to make changes and/or updates to the New Outlooks Adult Day Services Inc's status and to commit the provider to fully abide by the laws and regulations relating to the National Provider Identifier (NPI).
If there are n workers on a project, there are (n2 - n )/2 interfaces across which there may be communication, and there are potentially 2n teams within which organization must occur. The purpose of organization is to reduce the amount of communication and coordination neccessary; hence organization is a radical attack on the communications problem.
The means by which communication is obviated are division of labor and specialization of function. Tree-like structure organizations reflects the diminishing need for detailed communication when division and specialization are applied.
In this article, I first highlight the benefits of using RTMFP in real-time communications applications. Second, I describe the new ActionScript 3.0 API for managing direct end-to-end RTMFP connections. Finally, I present our VideoPhone sample application.
Vendredi 28 Novembre - The effect of eddies and Rossby waves on the Atlantic meridional overturning circulation at 26.5°N and their decay at the western boundary.
Mardi 7 Octobre - On the retention, dispersion and transport of tracers by ocean currents: a Lagrangian perspective
Social media gurus make social media management sound so darn difficult. Why? Maybe it’s because they have social media management…
You’ve probably heard 10 million ways to optimize your Facebook ads by now. So have I. Yet, clearly none of…
This entry was posted in Team Training and tagged BIA BIA physio CK Coaching Craig Kirkwood running training on June 24, 2016 by Admin
In my pre-child years when I could sleep in, drink hot coffee and have full conversations without being interrupted, I completed a marathon, a number of half ironman triathlons and one full ironman.
I have just had my 4th (and last) baby but now I can’t run!! I tried 10 days ago, and I literally can’t run. My body has forgotten what to do. I have nostalgically looked at others running whilst I had my big belly and have been impatiently waiting till the time when I could put on my my running shoes and start again. The time is now and I can’t do it! Its a weird feeling, as I have done a lot of running in my time, but my body can’t work out how to allow me to run along the road.
When the ‘day of running’ arrived I got out my running hat, running tights (thank goodness they are stretchy!!) and even my watch to see how much slower I was than last time I ran. I walked a bit to warm up and then …… I tried to run. It was such an effort to push myself off the ground and even harder to do it a number of times in a row! My upper body felt like it was disconnected from my legs, my arms where moving in their own rhythm and I felt like I was waddling more sideways than making any advancement forwards. When helping my patients with running technique I spend time teaching them to run on their toes but I couldn’t for the life of me stay on MY toes. It was such an anticlimax after months of anticipation. It dawned on me that this must be what it feels like for people who have decided to start running after never having run before. It was happening to me!
I turned off my watch (as I didn’t want to know how slow I was really going) and continued to run/walk around the small block from home. Gutted and despondent I called Craig Kirkwood from CK Coaching (www.facebook.com/craigkirkwoodcoaching/) who is our go-to for all things running.
Craig has competed at the Commonwealth Games for marathon and is now a triathlete who won his age group at Ironman NZ and has been to Kona 3 times. He has set himself a challenge to run every day and has now done 537 days in a row of running at least 30 minutes! He is an expert in the true sense of the word. I explained my dilemma, he had a snigger and said to relax and that it wouldn’t take long to get back running normally again. I struggled to believe him after what I had just experienced. When Craig coached me last summer, I was doing hill reps, 1 km speed reps, tempo runs etc. all of which seem like a distant memory now.
Continue to do run/walks to gradually increase the running time and lessen the rest time eg run 1 min walk 2 mins.
Run every second day to give myself a recovery time between runs and then aim to run for 2 days in a row and then have a rest day gradually building up to 3 days in a row and then 4.
I have thought about our conversation many times since last week and realised that Craig is right (of course). I need to get some strength and control back in my core muscles and my legs and some fitness back so my heart doesn’t feel like it is going to beat right out of my chest! But what I really need to do is teach my body to get the connections back that it once had. The nerves in my whole body were tuned in to fire and then activate the right muscles and coordinate them to switch on at the right times to allow me to run. Somewhere in my body there are the connections but they need to be reminded what to do again and then again and then again. I realised that this is why, if you are a novice runner, it takes a long time to feel like you can run and build up some form and fitness. You have no nerve patterning to start with and with each run you are laying down the pathways for you both to activate the muscles and coordinate the running activity. It is also why, if you have run before, you can regain some of this coordination much quicker as your body remembers what it used to do.
I ran again today and what do you know, I can stay on my toes for a bit, my waddling sideways is less, I am not so bent over and gradually my muscles are starting to remember what to do. Things are looking up. With a husband and 4 kids to run around after I just need to find the energy and the time to get out the door more often….. I think I might have to invest in a good head torch for these dark nights!
Watch out for more blogs on returning to sport after kids and stay tuned to find out what event I am planning to do next!!!
Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: 348fef2723c950c33045118adc8a2e86
Bursa - a small sac of fluid which stops one structure rubbing on another eg a tendon rubbing on a bone.
Common places - shoulder, elbow, hip, knee, heel. Other names include housemaid’s knee and student’s elbow.
Physiotherapy - can help with diagnosis but most importantly we can help with the cause. Bursitis is often caused by poor alignment (biomechanics) with repetitive load. By correcting the angle of load you prevent bursitis coming back.
Write a caption for this photo in the comments below, on Tuesday our team will choose a winner, and they will go in the monthly draw. This month's prize is a spikey ball (see our previous video on how to use one!).
This shows the ball and socket joint of a hip and how a negative pressure is created by the labrum round the outside which helps maintain the hip in the socket.
Impressive demonstration of the powerful hip suction seal. When the hip labrum is injured, the seal is disrupted which can potentially produce microinstability. A labral reconstruction can restore the suction seal. Fisio 2.0 ... See MoreSee Less
In most mental load studies there is a problem of mental load assessment and its diferentation, which makes the attribution of changes in dependent variables difficult or impossible. The aim of this study was to indirectly quantify mental load in counting backward tasks (assessed on Borg's scale), by use of fitted regression line between Fitts' tapping task difficulty indices (bits) and the ratings of their difficulty, on the same scale. Starting a minute before the task, as well as during the task, subjects' cardiac R-R intervals were continuosly recorded. A good regression fit was obtained between the task difficulties in Fitts' tapping (bits) and their ratings (y=1.36+1.87x ; r=0.78). By the use of this regression, the estimates of mental load were transformed into equivalents of bits. Fitts' tapping tasks were also performed together with the three mental tasks, as primarry and secondary tasks, respectively. Generally, the validity of mental load quantification was indirectly supported by rather high and significant correlations between mental load equivalents in bits, on the one hand, and the ratings, residual mental capacity and cardiac parameters, on the other hand.
does any one know of a person i could speak to over email that could teach me the basics of anglo saxon. if its helpful i know a little german.
I did have a book "Anglo Saxon Reader" some years ago, but my light fingered brother borrowed it, so I cant remenber the author now.
Dutch, English & German are all teutonic languages, but German turned into Higher German about a century or so ago, becoming more complicated with case endings. English & Dutch evolved more slowly and are more similar, with less case endings to learn. Dutch also evolved in the last century to lose some case endings & simplify some words, hence Africaans is quite close to Old Dutch.
The Gesithas would be the chaps to talk to if you actually want to learn to understand Old English as a language. Stephen Pollington (via Anglo Saxon books) has written a very user friendly beginners course:-
However, if all you want is a word list of some useful words and phrases and a pronounciation guide then PM me your email address and I'll send some to you.
The one Matt has suggested appears to be by the same person as the link I gave above - in fact its the same book.
the website one above tho offers you a few sections that you can view for free, to see how you get on with it before you cough up the money for the book/course for prooper (and as a student, you are probably only on low income/pocket money arent you, which isnt going to stretch too far if you are buying kit as well). If you can handle the sections offered, then move on to bigger things later.
no ive got quite a big income actually around £120 per month. 2 jobs but i cant get on any of those websites at the moment as im using my mums work computer and it will filter everything. its a surprise it hasnt filtered the forum. thanks tho what is the book called?
A complete, well presented and easy to use Old English language course which contains all the exercises and texts needed to learn Old English. This course has been designed to be of help to a wide range of students, from those who are teaching themselves at home, to undergraduates who are learning Old English as part of their English degree course. The author is aware that some individuals have little aptitude for learning languages and that many have difficulty with grammar. To help overcome these problems he has adopted a step by step approach that enables students of differing abilities to advance at their own pace. The course includes practice exercises.
I am using Steve Pollingtons First steps and am at the end of Mark Athertons Teach Yourself Old English,both are very good.
well iof anyone wants it ive downloaded a saxon dictioary its only 55 pages long just email me Dbob.Culley@googlemail.com
dbob.culley wrote: do you know about teach yourself old english by mark atherton? because that one has a cd with it.
His 'Wordcraft' is also a very handy english/A-S dictionary, with Clark Hall's excellent 400 page A-S/english dictionary for going the other way.
There are also CD's that can be used in conjunction with Steve Pollingtons "First steps" All are available from Anglo-Saxon Books.
Just on the subject of some knowledge of German being helpful in learning Old English (Old English is the language, Anglo-Saxon is the culture, by the way):
A German friend of mine was recently taking a degree course in Old High German (the "official" early medieval version of modern German). The class also looked at Frisian, modern Dutch and various other related languages. Then the tutor gave out a text in an unidentified language - they could understand almost all of it, but they had never seen that language before; it was Old English.
In some ways, spoken Old English is completely unlike modern German; the harsh gutturals and hard "s" that are frequent in German words are almost absent in OE - there are some gutturals, but softer and more like Danish.
I would recommend that before you get into learning vocabulary, you look at the (estimated) pronunciation of each sound in OE. I say estimated because nobody today knows the actual sound of certain combinations of letters (eo, ea and ie for example), plus there were various dialectic differences around England.
f in OE has two values, s has two, h has three, g has at least three, as does c. Learning how these are pronounced in different words and positions within words should be your first task, only then go on to the vocab and grammar.
When you get to the stage when you can see a word like "gafol" (tax, tribute, gift, etc.) and know that it is pronounced "guvol", then you are becoming proficient.
Old English nerd here... my group's wiki has a page of links to resources that you might find useful:
ALso found a you tube video - os anglo saxoes documentario - English with Italian subtitles so you can teach yourself Italian while learning about early Saxon England.
The wonderful people at Uni of Calgary have provided a really useful site for learning Old English - www.ucalgary.ca/UofC/eduweb/engl401
I haven't found a way of getting the RealAudio links to work but for pronounciation there's loads of stuff on you tube
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLnwSc ... N5aV9in9ag There's a youtube channel - Leornende Old English - run by a terribly enthusiastic Canadian chap, which is quite fun. There's also Learn Old English With Leofwin. I do love youtube
If you would like to make an offer, click Enquire Here and follow the prompts on the displayed page to submit a bid or Buy It Now.
If your offer is accepted by both parties or you have completed the Buy It Now process, you will receive a notification advising you of the next steps. This process is managed by Crazy Domains and/or its partners to provide safety and security, ensuring you get the domain you are looking for.
conceptual integrity is the most important consideration in systems design. It is better to have a system omit certain anomalous features and improvements, but to reflect one set of design ideas, than to have one that contains many good but independent and uncoordinated ideas.
This makes optimizing video for YouTube one of the biggest opportunities in the fast-changing and complex world of search. This session will look at how video search engine optimization (VSEO) has become the most important new use of search engine optimization today.
Save 60.0% on select products from STURME with promo code 60ITAR2H, through 8/8 while supplies last.
Copyright 2017 Caribesano TV. All Rights Reserved. We are an Amazon Associate powered website that brings you the Best sports apparel.
Copyright © 2018 | American Academy of Environmental Engineers and Scientists® - All Rights Reserved. American Academy of Environmental Engineers and Scientists® and Excellence in Environmental Engineering and Science™ are all trademarks or registered trademarks of the American Academy of Environmental Engineers and Scientists, Inc.
Job Fair -Walk in Interviews every Tuesday & Thursday! Registered Nurses ICU experienced (NIGHT SHIFT ONLY )- Kindred Hospital Spring Houston
Kindred Transitional Care Hospitals has a career opportunity for you as a Registered Nurse ! As a division of Kindred Healthcare, we play a vital role in the recovery process for chronic, critically ill and medically complex patients who require acute care and rehabilitation over an extended period.
Your career growth begins when you join an interdisciplinary team, where doctors, nurses, therapists and other experts work together to form individualized care plans for our patients and residents. Opportunities through our development programs, training seminars and university partnerships, not only allow for continual career growth but emphasize our commitment to investing in our employees and developing future healthcare leaders.
The goal of our team is to deliver intensive, multidisciplinary care and transition patients' home or to a lower level of care as quickly and safely as possible. Each employee's dedication is essential to meet and exceed the needs of each patient, resident and family we serve. Ranked as one of Fortune magazines ‘Most Admired Healthcare Company’ for 8 years, Kindred welcomes you to join our team and build a career that touches lives.
Provide planning and delivery of direct and indirect patient care through the nursing process of Assessment, Planning, Intervention, and Evaluation.
Develop nursing care plan in coordination with patient, family, and interdisciplinary staff as necessary.
Communicate changes in patient's clinical condition with Physicians, Nursing Supervisor/Manager, and co-workers as appropriate.
rn, registered nurse, nurse, nurse rn, nursing, rn nurse, new grad rn, Registered Nurse / RN, RN, R.N., Registered Nurse, Med Surg, Med Surge, Medical Surgical, Medical/Surgical, Med/Surg, Med/Surge, ICU, ICU RN, ICU Nurse RN, CC, CCU, Critical Care, Critical Care RN, telemetry, acute care, intensive care unit, post-acute, emergency room, E.R., ER, step down, transitional care, transitional care hospitals, long term acute care hospitals, nurse, nursing, Clinical Nurse, Critical Care Nurse, Hospital, Healthcare , ACLS, ANA, Acute care, Admissions Nurse, Admission Nurse, BLS, BSN, cardio nurse, cardio RN, cardio registered nurse, cardiac nurse, cardiac RN, cardiac registered nurse, case management, case manager, critical care, ER, Emergency Room, Healthcare, health care, Homecare, home care, home health, homehealth, hospital, ICU, intensive care unit, MSN, medical, medical care, med surg, med-surg, medicare, Nurse, Nurse Care Manager, Nurse Job, Nurse Jobs, oncology RN, oncology nurse, oncology registered nurse, palliative care nurse, ortho nurse, ortho RN, ortho registered nurse, palliative care RN, palliative care registered nurse, registered nurse, RN Job, RN Jobs, Registered Nurse Job, Registered Nurse Jobs, Nursing, Oasis, PRN, PDM, progressive care nurse, rehab RN, rehab registered nurse, rehab nurse, Registered Nurse, Registered Nurse Case Manager, RN, R.N., RN Case Manager, skilled visit, staff RN, staff nurse, staff registered nurse, step down unit, step-down unit, step down unit RN, tele, telemetry, telemetry nurse, telemetry RN, travel nurse, travel RN, travel registered nurse, visit nurse
Graduated from an accredited Bachelors of Science in Nursing as Registered Nurse / RN or Associate Degree in Nursing or Nursing Diploma program as a Registered Nurse / RN.
Minimum six months as a Registered nurse / RN with Medical/Surgical experience in an acute care setting preferred.
We use cookies to better understand how you use our site and to provide ads and other offers that may be most relevant to you. By closing this message box or continuing to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies. To find out more, please see our Privacy Policy.
Assist social scientists in laboratory, survey, and other social research. May perform publication activities, laboratory analysis, quality control, or data management. Normally these individuals work under the direct supervision of a social scientist and assist in those activities which are more routine.
Mathematics — Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.
Engineering and Technology — Knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. This includes applying principles, techniques, procedures, and equipment to the design and production of various goods and services.
Sales and Marketing — Knowledge of principles and methods for showing, promoting, and selling products or services. This includes marketing strategy and tactics, product demonstration, sales techniques, and sales control systems.
Medicine and Dentistry — Knowledge of the information and techniques needed to diagnose and treat human injuries, diseases, and deformities. This includes symptoms, treatment alternatives, drug properties and interactions, and preventive health-care measures.
Physics — Knowledge and prediction of physical principles, laws, their interrelationships, and applications to understanding fluid, material, and atmospheric dynamics, and mechanical, electrical, atomic and sub- atomic structures and processes.
Equipment Maintenance — Performing routine maintenance on equipment and determining when and what kind of maintenance is needed.
Active Learning — Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making.
Stamina — The ability to exert yourself physically over long periods of time without getting winded or out of breath.
Explosive Strength — The ability to use short bursts of muscle force to propel oneself (as in jumping or sprinting), or to throw an object.
Oral Comprehension — The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.
Hearing Sensitivity — The ability to detect or tell the differences between sounds that vary in pitch and loudness.
Core — Provide assistance with the preparation of project-related reports, manuscripts, and presentations.
Supplemental — Screen potential subjects in order to determine their suitability as study participants.
Monitoring and Controlling Resources — Monitoring and controlling resources and overseeing the spending of money.
Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates — Providing guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance.
Assisting and Caring for Others — Providing personal assistance, medical attention, emotional support, or other personal care to others such as coworkers, customers, or patients.
Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment — Servicing, repairing, calibrating, regulating, fine-tuning, or testing machines, devices, and equipment that operate primarily on the basis of electrical or electronic (not mechanical) principles.
Getting Information — Observing, receiving, and otherwise obtaining information from all relevant sources.
CDL-A Solo and Team Truck Drivers - OTR Runs out of Southern California Enjoy top pay at V&G Group while hauling for one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. Drivers earn up to ...
We have opportunities for team and solo tractors. Benefits: $18,000 Sign-on Bonus for Tractor Teams $10,000 Sign-on Bonus for Solo Tractors Lease Purchase Options Available Guaranteed Rate Per Mile ...
We have opportunities for team and solo drivers willing to team with a well established Fleet Owners. Benefits: Guaranteed Rate Per Mile No-touch freight Personalized, web-based, driver support ...
Under minimal supervision, at an on-site location, the Client Delivery Supervisor optimizes efforts to service clients in a high quality, cost-effective manner through recruiting, interviewing ...
Adecco is assisting Radial recruiting for Entry Level Call Center Representatives in Pueblo, Colorado. These Entry Level Call Center Representative jobs are temp to hire. Pay rates start at $11.00/hr
Great vacations begin with great employees! Combine your experience and sense of adventure by joining our exciting team of employees in Miami, Florida. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. is pleased to ...
CDL Class A Truck Drivers needed in Plattsmouth, NE. Trillium Driver Solutions is currently seeking a full time OTR CDL Class A Drivers for midwest runs. Drivers will have consistent routes. Our ...
CDL Class A Truck Drivers needed in New Castle, IN. Trillium Driver Solutions is currently seeking a temp to hire Class A Driver out of New Castle, IN. Driver will depart at 7:45pm to East Liberty ...
Malone Staffing Solutions is now hiring Customer Care Call Center Representatives. As a Customer Care Representative you will be supporting customers with their accounts in a call center environment
Role Summary: The I.T. Telecommunications Manager will be a Unified Communications Specialist responsible for administration of the VCC agent call center environment operating on Five9's dialing ...
home > occupations > installation, maintenance, and repair > heating and air conditioning mechanics and installers
Install, service, and repair heating and air conditioning systems in residences and commercial establishments.
Employers prefer to hire those who have completed technical school training or a formal apprenticeship.
These occupations usually involve using communication and organizational skills to coordinate, supervise, manage, or train others to accomplish goals. Examples include funeral directors, electricians, forest and conservation technicians, legal secretaries, interviewers, and insurance sales agents.
Most occupations in this zone require training in vocational schools, related on-the-job experience, or an associate's degree. Some may require a bachelor's degree.
Previous work-related skill, knowledge, or experience is required for these occupations. For example, an electrician must have completed three or four years of apprenticeship or several years of vocational training, and often must have passed a licensing exam, in order to perform the job.
Employees in these occupations usually need one or two years of training involving both on-the-job experience and informal training with experienced workers.
Because of the increasing sophistication of heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration systems, employers prefer to hire those who have completed technical school training or a formal apprenticeship. Some mechanics and installers, however, still learn the trade informally on the job.
Education and training. Many secondary and postsecondary technical and trade schools, junior and community colleges, and the U.S. Armed Forces offer 6-month to 2-year programs in heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration. Students study theory of temperature control, equipment design and construction, and electronics. They also learn the basics of installation, maintenance, and repair. Three accrediting agencies have set academic standards for HVACR programs. These accrediting bodies are HVAC Excellence, the National Center for Construction Education and Research, and the Partnership for Air-Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration Accreditation. After completing these programs, new technicians generally need between an additional 6 months and 2 years of field experience before they are considered proficient.
Many technicians train through apprenticeships. Apprenticeship programs frequently are run by joint committees representing local chapters of the Air-Conditioning Contractors of America, the Mechanical Contractors Association of America, Plumbing-Heating-Cooling ContractorsNational Association, and locals of the sheet metal workers’ International Association or the United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of the Plumbing and Pipefitting Industry of the United States and Canada. Local chapters of the Associated Builders and Contractors and the National Association of Home Builders sponsor other apprenticeship programs. Formal apprenticeship programs normally last 3 to 5 years and combine paid on-the-job training with classroom instruction. Classes include subjects such as the use and care of tools, safety practices, blueprint reading, and the theory and design of heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, and refrigeration systems. In addition to understanding how systems work, technicians must learn about refrigerant products and the legislation and regulations that govern their use.
Applicants for apprenticeships must have a high school diploma or equivalent. Math and reading skills are essential. After completing an apprenticeship program, technicians are considered skilled trades workers and capable of working alone. These programs are also a pathway to certification and, in some cases, college credits.
Those who acquire their skills on the job usually begin by assisting experienced technicians. They may begin by performing simple tasks such as carrying materials, insulating refrigerant lines, or cleaning furnaces. In time, they move on to more difficult tasks, such as cutting and soldering pipes and sheet metal and checking electrical and electronic circuits.
Several organizations have begun to offer basic self-study, classroom, and Internet courses for individuals with limited experience.
Licensure. Heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers are required to be licensed by some States and localities. Requirements for licensure vary greatly, but all States or localities that require a license have a test that must be passed. The contents of these tests vary by State or locality, with some requiring extensive knowledge of electrical codes and others focusing more on HVACR-specific knowledge. Completion of an apprenticeship program or 2 to 5 years of experience are also common requirements.
In addition, all technicians who purchase or work with refrigerants must be certified in their proper handling. To become certified to purchase and handle refrigerants, technicians must pass a written examination specific to the type of work in which they specialize. The three possible areas of certification are: Type Iservicing small appliances; Type IIhigh-pressure refrigerants; and Type IIIlow-pressure refrigerants. Exams are administered by organizations approved by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, such as trade schools, unions, contractor associations, or building groups.
Other qualifications. High school courses in shop math, mechanical drawing, applied physics and chemistry, electronics, blueprint reading, and computer applications provide a good background for those interested in entering this occupation. Some knowledge of plumbing or electrical work also is helpful. A basic understanding of electronics is becoming more important because of the increasing use of electronics in equipment controls. Because technicians frequently deal directly with the public, they should be courteous and tactful, especially when dealing with an aggravated customer. They also should be in good physical condition because they sometimes have to lift and move heavy equipment.
Certification and advancement. Throughout the learning process, technicians may have to take a number of tests that measure their skills. For those with relevant coursework and less than 1 year of experience, the industry has developed a series of exams to test basic competency in residential heating and cooling, light commercial heating and cooling, and commercial refrigeration. These are referred to as Entry-level certification exams and are commonly conducted at both secondary and postsecondary technical and trade schools. HVACR technicians who have at least 1 year of experience performing installations and 2 years of experience performing maintenance and repair can take a number of different tests to certify their competency in working with specific types of equipment, such as oil-burning furnaces. These tests are offered through the Refrigeration Service Engineers Society, HVAC Excellence, Carbon Monoxide Safety Association, Air-Conditioning and Refrigeration Safety Coalition, and North American Technician Excellence, Inc., among others. Employers increasingly recommend taking and passing these tests and obtaining certification; doing so may increase advancement opportunities.
Advancement usually takes the form of higher wages. Some technicians, however, may advance to positions as supervisor or service manager. Others may move into sales and marketing. Still others may become building superintendents, cost estimators, system test and balance specialists, or, with the necessary certification, teachers. Those with sufficient money and managerial skill can open their own contracting business.
Heating and air-conditioning systems control the temperature, humidity, and the total air quality in residential, commercial, industrial, and other buildings. Refrigeration systems make it possible to store and transport food, medicine, and other perishable items. Heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installersalso called techniciansinstall, maintain, and repair such systems. Because heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, and refrigeration systems often are referred to as HVACR systems, these workers also may be called HVACR technicians.
Heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration systems consist of many mechanical, electrical, and electronic components, such as motors, compressors, pumps, fans, ducts, pipes, thermostats, and switches. In central forced air heating systems, for example, a furnace heats air, which is then distributed via a system of metal or fiberglass ducts. Technicians must be able to maintain, diagnose, and correct problems throughout the entire system. To do this, they adjust system controls to recommended settings and test the performance of the system using special tools and test equipment.
Technicians often specialize in either installation or maintenance and repair, although they are trained to do both. They also may specialize in doing heating work or air-conditioning or refrigeration work. Some specialize in one type of equipmentfor example, hydronics (water-based heating systems), solar panels, or commercial refrigeration. Some technicians also sell service contracts to their clients. Service contracts provide for regular maintenance of the heating and cooling systems and they help to reduce the seasonal fluctuations of this type of work.
Technicians follow blueprints or other specifications to install oil, gas, electric, solid-fuel, and multiple-fuel heating systems and air-conditioning systems. After putting the equipment in place, they install fuel and water supply lines, air ducts and vents, pumps, and other components. They may connect electrical wiring and controls and check the unit for proper operation. To ensure the proper functioning of the system, furnace installers often use combustion test equipment, such as carbon dioxide testers, carbon monoxide testers, combustion analyzers, and oxygen testers. These tests ensure that the system will operate safely and at peak efficiency.
After a furnace or air-conditioning unit has been installed, technicians often perform routine maintenance and repair work to keep the systems operating efficiently. They may adjust burners and blowers and check for leaks. If the system is not operating properly, they check the thermostat, burner nozzles, controls or other parts to diagnose and correct the problem.
Technicians also install and maintain heat pumps, which are similar to air conditioners but can be reversed so that they both heat and cool a home. Because of the added complexity and the fact that they run both in summer and winter, these systems often require more maintenance and need to be replaced more frequently than traditional furnaces and air conditioners.
During the summer, when heating systems are not being used, heating equipment technicians do maintenance work, such as replacing filters, ducts, and other parts of the system that may accumulate dust and impurities during the operating season. During the winter, air-conditioning mechanics inspect the systems and do required maintenance, such as overhauling compressors.
Refrigeration mechanics install, service, and repair industrial and commercial refrigerating systems and a variety of refrigeration equipment. They follow blueprints, design specifications, and manufacturers’ instructions to install motors, compressors, condensing units, evaporators, piping, and other components. They connect this equipment to the ductwork, refrigerant lines, and electrical power source. After making the connections, they charge the system with refrigerant, check it for proper operation and leaks, and program control systems.
When air-conditioning and refrigeration technicians service equipment, they must use care to conserve, recover, and recycle the refrigerants used in air-conditioning and refrigeration systems. The release of these refrigerants can be harmful to the environment. Technicians conserve the refrigerant by making sure that there are no leaks in the system; they recover it by venting the refrigerant into proper cylinders; they recycle it for reuse with special filter-dryers; or they ensure that the refrigerant is properly disposed of.
Heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers are adept at using a variety of tools, including hammers, wrenches, metal snips, electric drills, pipe cutters and benders, measurement gauges, and acetylene torches, to work with refrigerant lines and air ducts. They use voltmeters, thermometers, pressure gauges, manometers, and other testing devices to check airflow, refrigerant pressure, electrical circuits, burners, and other components.
Other craft workers sometimes install or repair cooling and heating systems. For example, on a large air-conditioning installation job, especially where workers are covered by union contracts, ductwork might be done by sheet metal workers and duct installers; electrical work by electricians; and installation of piping, condensers, and other components by pipelayers, plumbers, pipefitters, and steamfitters. Home appliance repairers usually service room air-conditioners and household refrigerators. (Additional information about each of these occupations appears elsewhere in the Handbook.)
Work environment. Heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers work in homes, retail establishments, hospitals, office buildings, and factoriesanywhere there is climate-control equipment that needs to be installed, repaired, or serviced. They may be assigned to specific job sites at the beginning of each day or may be dispatched to a variety of locations if they are making service calls.
Technicians may work outside in cold or hot weather or in buildings that are uncomfortable because the air-conditioning or heating equipment is broken. In addition, technicians might work in awkward or cramped positions and sometimes are required to work in high places. Hazards include electrical shock, burns, muscle strains, and other injuries from handling heavy equipment. Appropriate safety equipment is necessary when handling refrigerants because contact can cause skin damage, frostbite, or blindness. Inhalation of refrigerants when working in confined spaces also is a possible hazard.
The majority of mechanics and installers work at least a 40-hour week. During peak seasons, they often work overtime or irregular hours. Maintenance workers, including those who provide maintenance services under contract, often work evening or weekend shifts and are on call. Most employers try to provide a full workweek year-round by scheduling both installation and maintenance work, and many manufacturers and contractors now provide or even require year-round service contracts. In most shops that service both heating and air-conditioning equipment, employment is stable throughout the year.
Median hourly wage-and-salary earnings of heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers were $18.11 in May 2006. The middle 50 percent earned between $14.12 and $23.32 an hour. The lowest 10 percent earned less than $11.38, and the top 10 percent earned more than $28.57. Median hourly earnings in the industries employing the largest numbers of heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers were:
Commercial and industrial machinery and equipment (except automotive and electronic) repair and maintenance 19.95
Apprentices usually begin at about 50 percent of the wage rate paid to experienced workers. As they gain experience and improve their skills, they receive periodic increases until they reach the wage rate of experienced workers.
Heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers enjoy a variety of employer-sponsored benefits. In addition to typical benefits such as health insurance and pension plans, some employers pay for work-related training and provide uniforms, company vans, and tools.
About 14 percent of heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers are members of a union. The unions to which the greatest numbers of mechanics and installers belong are the sheet metal workers International Association and the United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of the Plumbing and Pipefitting Industry of the United States and Canada.
The above wage data are from the Occupational Employment Statistics (OES) survey program, unless otherwise noted. For the latest National, State, and local earnings data, visit the following pages:
With average job growth and numerous expected retirements, heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers should have excellent employment opportunities.
Employment change. Employment of heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers is projected to increase 9 percent during the 2006-16 decade, as fast as the average for all occupations. As the population and stock of buildings grows, so does the demand for residential, commercial, and industrial climate-control systems. Residential HVACR systems generally need replacement after 10 to 15 years; the large number of homes built in recent years will enter this replacement timeframe by 2016. The increased complexity of HVACR systems, which increases the possibility that equipment may malfunction, also will create opportunities for service technicians. A growing focus on improving indoor air quality and the increasing use of refrigerated equipment by a growing number of stores and gasoline stations that sell food should also create more jobs for heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration technicians.
Concern for the environment has prompted the development of new energy-saving heating and air-conditioning systems. An emphasis on better energy management should lead to the replacement of older systems and the installation of newer, more efficient systems in existing homes and buildings. Also, demand for maintenance and service work should increase as businesses and homeowners strive to keep increasingly complex systems operating at peak efficiency. Regulations prohibiting the discharge and production of older types of refrigerants that pollute the atmosphere should continue to result in the need to replace many existing air conditioning systems or to modify them to use new environmentally safe refrigerants. The pace of replacement in the commercial and industrial sectors will quicken if Congress or individual States change tax rules designed to encourage companies to buy new HVACR equipment.
Job prospects. Job prospects for heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers are expected to be excellent, particularly for those who have completed training from an accredited technical school or a formal apprenticeship. Job opportunities should be best in the fastest growing areas of the country. A growing number of retirements of highly skilled technicians are expected to generate many job openings. Many contractors have reported problems finding enough workers to meet the demand for service and installation of HVACR systems.
Technicians who specialize in installation work may experience periods of unemployment when the level of new construction activity declines, but maintenance and repair work usually remains relatively stable. People and businesses depend on their climate-control or refrigeration systems and must keep them in good working order, regardless of economic conditions.
Heating, air-conditioning, and refrigeration mechanics and installers held about 292,000 jobs in 2006; about 55 percent worked for plumbing, heating, and air-conditioning contractors. The rest were employed in a variety of industries throughout the country, reflecting a widespread dependence on climate-control systems. Some worked for fuel oil dealers, refrigeration and air-conditioning service and repair shops, schools, and stores that sell heating and air-conditioning systems. Local governments, the Federal Government, hospitals, office buildings, and other organizations that operate large air-conditioning, refrigeration, or heating systems also employed these workers. About 13 percent of these workers were self-employed.
Core — Join pipes or tubing to equipment and to fuel, water, or refrigerant source, to form complete circuit.
Core — Inspect and test system to verify system compliance with plans and specifications and to detect and locate malfunctions.
Core — Study blueprints, design specifications, and manufacturers' recommendations to ascertain the configuration of heating or cooling equipment components and to ensure the proper installation of components.
Core — Discuss heating-cooling system malfunctions with users to isolate problems or to verify that malfunctions have been corrected.
Heating, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Technology/Technician (ACH/ACR/ACHR/HRAC/HVAC/AC Technology).
How would you like to do Entry Level Customer Care Agent work!? If so, you're in luck because Adecco is currently hiring for Entry Level Customer Care Agent Jobs with a local client located in ...
Position drives a tractor/trailer truck to make local regional deliveries (up to 275 mile radius) of predominantly finished products or raw materials/supplies to company distribution and ...
Helping HVACR contractors acquire, serve and satisfy their customers. Certification, chapters, consumer information, contacts, store, events calendar, and press releases.
The Air-Conditioning and Refrigeration Institute (ARI) is the national trade association representing manufacturers of U.S.-produced air-conditioning equipment.
Establishes standards for technician competency and education. Accreditation, certification, and contact information; Test results.
Develops and publishes standardized construction and maintenance curricula, safety programs, management education, industry image materials and craft skills assessments.
Independent, non-profit national organization represents a shared commitment to improving the HVAC/R industry through voluntary testing and certification. Certification information and preparation, news, and contact information.
An international trade association representing 4,500 contributing contractor firms, that promotes quality and excellence in the sheet metal and air conditioning industry within North America. Provides a list of members, benefits, news and resources.
300,000 members of the UA work in the plumbing, pipefitting, refrigeration, and fire sprinkler industry in the United States and Canada.
You might have the opportunity for your business to be invited overseas for advertising and promotion. This is your chance to expand your market and get potential clients abroad. You might even find business partners or investors who would be willing to take a risk on your business.
If given the chance to present in an international setting, you should make the most of it. One of the best ways is to use a roll up banner. This summarises all the details regarding your business. You don’t even have to talk a lot as your banner speaks for itself.
The first thing you need to do is decide what goes on the banner. Note that you might not be given a lot of opportunities to speak, especially if the event is a trade show or exhibition. Choose the best images and words so that the banner will look amazing. Don’t write a lot of unnecessary words though as some people might not have the luxury of time to go through the entire content.
If possible, translate the content into another language especially if you are heading to another country where English is not the first language. It provides a better opportunity to make your banner more easily understood by the locals.
Since you are travelling to another country, make sure that you are not taking really heavy pop up banners. They would be difficult to set up. You might also have to save extra space in your baggage limit just to take them with you.
Find a banner that is made of light materials. You should also ensure that it can be easily disassembled into smaller parts for storage. Of course, when you have to set the banner up, you should also have an easy time doing so.
Being given the chance to advertise in an international setting is your opportunity to grow your business to a different level. You should not miss out on this opportunity. Make sure that when you come back home, you have great news with you. It doesn’t have to be something really big. The point is that you have maximised the chance given to you and your business.
It takes time for businesses to grow internationally, but with the right marketing strategies, it can be done. Take a look at the best banner printing company now so that you can start designing the content of your banner. Ask for help from the other employees in your company. Those who know what your business has to offer can determine what type of banner you need and how to make the most out of it.
Ensures proper treatment and follow up of enquiries following family separation as a result of conflict,
Identifies and registers unaccompanied minors (UAM), vulnerable separated children (VSC) and vulnerable
Acts as team leader and coordinates between ICRC and the National Red Cross Society (NRCS) (under the
Interacts with beneficiaries visiting or calling the Office and responds to their RFL-related enquiries.
Good inter-personal skills: ability to deal with people respectfully and showing empathy towards others, very
We are a very hot couple, we are ready to show what you want, we like hard sex. We use sex toys to excite our senses and yours, a good fuck is always good.
Javascript is required to use Vehicle Manager Vehicle manager software Joomla extension for Auto Dealers, Auto Dealership Companies and other Enterprises selling Vehicles , Vehicle Manager create own vehicle web portal for sell, rent, buy vehicles
Purchasing from Coritani is simple. Firstly, contact us so that we can confirm availability (in rare cases an item may have recently sold and not yet been indicated as such on the website) and postage costs (free within the UK, we will provide a quotation for overseas orders).
Then pay us via the PayPal button below (secure online payment) or by other methods (we can accept most credit/debit card payments by telephone). We will then post the item to you, immediately on receipt of cleared funds, using an insured and securely packed delivery service.
Once we have confirmed availability and postage costs you can pay using secure online payment via PayPal, a global leader in online payment solutions. Just click the PayPal Payments logo below. All major credit or debit cards are accepted, or you can make a transfer from your PayPal account, if you have one.
We also accept payment made by personal cheque for UK customers or for any account with UK clearing facilities and of course, by Bankers Draft, Travellers Cheques or Cash (which should only be sent by a secure method). Additionally, payment may also be made direct to our Bank, the details for which are available on request.
For the fastest response - perhaps that last minute gift? A telephone call to confirm availability, together with credit/debit card details and in most cases, we can provide a same day despatch.
We provide an insured & securely packed delivery service - free of charge within the UK. For overseas customers, we will provide a quotation for shipment by the most secure method and at the minimum cost. The item/s despatched immediately upon receipt of cleared funds.
With more than 30 years experience in our subject areas, we are able to identify very accurately, the condition of the material we sell. All items are therefore in good condition and without repair. On the occasions where there is an exception to this, perhaps a rare piece, it will be identified & well illustrated.
Our reputation is something we value and is acknowledged by our customers and also by our involvement with the vetting committee of the NEC Fair.
Descriptions of items will be accurate, but we know that there can never be a more satisfactory way of purchasing an Antique than being able to actually see & handle the piece. So we add the provision that, should a purchase not meet with your total satisfaction and upon your advising us within 7 days of receipt, we would accept its return, well packed & insured and in the condition received, whereupon a refund of the purchase price would be made.
It's very interesting Blog, it's more informative to us thanks for sharing keep it up!!! Kodi Download
This article is interesting and useful. Thank you for sharing. And let me share an article about health that God willing will be very useful. Thank you :)
It is a time consuming process to locate a legitimate, high-quality designer Michael Kors Handbags Clearance at a decent price. One brand name that is sought after is the Michael Kors Outlet Store. Anywhere you see high demand you will find people out to make a quick buck.
These Michael Kors Bags On Sale can usually be purchased in larger department stores, online, and in specialty boutiques.
If you want the beauty, quality and status of a designer Michael Kors Factory Outlet make sure you do your homework before making the investment.
We offer bags with all different Michael Kors Outlet Online, styles, prices and they can contend most buyers.
The fact is that the Michael Kors Outlet Store are quite costly, and you need to make sure that you make a smart purchase decision.
Let us examine the merits and weaknesses of formal definitions. As noted, formal definitios are precise. They tend to be complete; gaps show more conspicuously, so they are filled sooner. What they lack is comprehensibility. With English prose one can show struuctural principles, delineate structure in stages or levels, and give examples. One can readily mark exceptions and emphasize contrasts. Most important, one can explain why.
The scotty software package consists of (i) the Tnm extension of the Tool Command Language (TCL) providing a high-level scripting interface for SNMP and some related protocols and of (ii) a graphical interactive network editor written using Tk/Tcl. More information can be found in the following documents:
Black Kettle Farm is afloat in a gorgeous sea of green with bees buzzing, seeds popping and plants cranking in the absolutely endless sunshine. Last week certainly gave us a run for our rupees with sticky, sweaty mornings and afternoons that literally baked our skin and fried our brains. Things are shifting on the farm and yet again we will take on a new rhythm. We completed the last transplanting session of the season by getting the final round of lettuce that will fill our salad bowls in the fall into the ground just before the rain finally came yesterday. The greenhouse is vacant and the fans, that have been on continuously since I sowed the first onion and leek seeds in March, have been turned off. It’s silent and empty in there, the only plants left are random chard and bok choi volunteers growing out of the ground, so much different then the completely packed tables and glorious vibrancy of the last five months in there. With pretty much everything in the ground, we now change gears and spend a huge part of our days harvesting. Beans, squash, cukes, they just don’t stop. The there’s, the garlic crop, from whence the scapes came, that was planted with shivering fingers and serious nervous anticipation way, way, way back in November when I first moved to the ridge in Lyman and the next phase of Black Kettle really started to unfold. It all needs to be pulled, bunched and hung in the loft of the barn to cure after going in the ground last fall, and making it through the snowy winter, the wet and gross spring and the hot, hot, hot summer. It never ceases to amaze. The plants so know what to do, we are just here to love and support their experience.
Combine mayonnaise, dijon mustard, balsamic vinegar and olive brine in a medium bowl and mix well. Stir in olives, tuna, chopped Swiss chard stems and leaves, parsley, and scallions. Add salt and pepper to taste and more mayonnaise and/or vinegar if desired. Stir in kidney beans if using. Tuna salad will keep for three days in the refrigerator.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine dry ingredients and set aside. Cream butter and sugar or honey. Add egg and lemon peel and mix. Add dry ingredients; mix until smooth. Add zucchini. Drop by tablespoons onto cookie sheet and bake 15 - 20 minutes, until lightly browned. If desired, glaze cookies with frosting while still warm.
The Black Kettle Farm property is 12 acres. Vegetables are grown on 2 acres, with another 2 acres in soil building cover crops and the remaining 8 acres are meadows and woods.
Black Kettle Farm has been in existence for 3 years, but this is year number 1 on the current (and permanent!) property.
There is work to be done! So we have 2 tractors, 1 greenhouse, 1 barn, 2 ever cranking wells, 1 cute farm house and 1 crumbling garage.
The farm hosts 3 beautiful pigs, 3 old, but pumping pear trees, 7 brand new, but spry apple trees and 1 sassy peach tree.
Black Kettle grows 40 different vegetable crops. This produce feeds our 40 member CSA that reaches 46 households, and 5 restaurants on a consistent weekly basis. The farm also makes it to 1 farmer’s market, every single Saturday in Portsmouth, NH. There are 19 weeks in the CSA season, which means fresh, local veggies for 5 months, and over 1,000 bunches, pounds, and heads of all that Kettle love!
Cut cucumbers into thin (1/16-inch) rounds. Toss with 2 teaspoons salt in a colander, then drain 30 minutes. Squeeze excess liquid from cucumbers.
Whisk together sugar, vinegar, and mustard in a large bowl, then stir in cucumbers. Marinate, chilled, at least 2 hours.
Drain cucumbers, reserving marinade, and mound on lettuce. Whisk oil into reserved marinade and drizzle over salad.
******Jazz up this super simple, tasty pleaser with lentils for protein, scallions for some zing or parsley just because.
Cut off eggplant stems. Pierce eggplant several times with a fork. Place on a baking sheet and cook in a 350o oven until very soft, about 1 hour. When cool enough to handle, remove skin. With the motor running on a food processor, add garlic and ginger and mince. Add eggplant and whirl until smooth. Add remaining ingredients except bread. Refrigerate up to 4 days or freeze. Serve with warm pita bread triangles.
News flash, it’s July, it’s really hot and things are pretty nutty on the farm. I am scrambling, running late, no time to write a newsletter and let you all know about the comings and goings and wonderful accomplishments at Black Kettle Farm.
The theme of the week seems to be “sharing is caring”. I just jumped off the tractor after helping my friend Jordan of Two Toad Farm load a piece of my equipment onto his trailer to borrow for a bit because I am done using it for the season. I bumped into my friend Maggie of Willow Pond Farm the other day and a groundhog had eaten all of her fall crops like kale, broccoli and Brussels sprouts in the greenhouse. Such a jerk! I had just planted all of mine so when I see her at market this Saturday I will bring her my extras. Instead of composting them, I will share them with my friend. This morning I got word that neighboring farmer Luke of Groundwork Farm was on the look out for irrigation gear. I had some spare so he will swing up in a bit to use what is only taking up space in my barn.
That is just how we do it. So many farmers, neighbors, mentors and angels have supported Black Kettle Farm along the way, that it brings me such pleasure to share the love and contribute to the rotation of resources and support that exists in this community. It is truly inspiring to be amongst a crew of folks that are only looking to help. From my neighbor Rodney who helped me move a pig that went AWOL to my buddy Greg who not only lets me use some of his land, but also diligently waters the whole onion crop planted there. Without him there would be no cippolinis this week.
We live in abundance at every level. There is always enough materials, resources, and knowledge to go around. Thanks to all those that have helped the Kettle, what’s mine is yours.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine first 5 ingredients in 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour oil over; cover dish with foil. Roast until garlic is tender, about 45 minutes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool slightly, cover, and chill.
Heat oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add garlic, bay leaves, and shallots. Cover; cook until shallots are tender, about 2 minutes. Uncover; add half of chard. Toss until chard wilts and volume is reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Add remaining chard. Toss until chard wilts, about 2 minutes. Add broth. Cover and cook until chard is tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Season chard with salt and pepper. Transfer chard mixture to large sieve set over bowl and drain. DO AHEAD: Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.
Drain garbanzos and reserve oil; discard bay leaves. Combine garbanzos and chard in large skillet. Add 2 tablespoons oil reserved from garbanzos. Toss over medium heat until warmed through, moistening with more oil by tablespoonfuls if needed, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve.
No need for a recipe – chop your squash and zukes and onions, a little salt and pepper, find a kebob stick and toss ‘em on the grill. Easy and yummy!
This July 4th we are actively celebrating our interdependence here at Black Kettle Farm. It’s that time of year when things are starting to flow and we are thankful that the major early season push is behind us and we can now settle into the rhythm of the season, with long days where food grows before our eyes and weeds pop up in places we didn’t even actually know existed.
Who is this “we” in which I speak? Well, it is none other then the all star, super VIP crew and community that is the farm and who make it happen with positivity and spring in their step to get food in your tote bags every week.
Heading up this crew is Assistant Manager Shannon Gilpatrick, a Sanford born and raised rock star and major hustler in the field. Shannon, a resident of the back meadow at BKF, is hot off the swingin’ traveler circuit in Central America. When not planning for her next globe trot, Shannon can be found organizing something unsightly, honing her tractor skills, making bracelets or doing a killer cannonball into Bunganut Lake.
Other key players at the farm are local working share CSA members Su, Katie and Josh. These guys show up once a week, plug right into whatever task is at hand and always make a major contribution to the upkeep of the farm. Their enthusiasm and fabulousness spices up our week and we love them dearly.
Additional behind the scenes support and general gusto comes from our gorgeous pig posse of Ramona, Clementina and Weezey. These girls are going to town on a back field, rooting and fluffing the soil, munching invasive grasses and fertilizing with their goodness in preparation for next season. These fine ladies can also be found tipping over their water bowls, sleeping in a pile, scratching, scratching, scratching and generally being awesome.
Finally, there is Steve, the gray cat, however there is way too much to tell about this cosmic being. Just trust that, like every one in our interdependent farm community, he has got your back! Enjoy your veggies! Yay summer!
This is an excellent resource and should be held on to for the rest of the season. All these salads can be varied to match what ever you have in a share. Use scapes for garlic or shallot, use baby greens for lettuce and as things come in, like cukes or green beans, throw ‘em in or add cooked beans or a hard boiled egg for protein. With all these great ingredients, you can do no wrong!
Cook 1 to 1 1/2 pounds trimmed chard in boiling salted water until tender, 2 to 3 minutes, then drain, rinse, squeeze dry and chop. Drizzle with lemon-caper vinaigrette: 1/3 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon capers with a drop of their brine and 1 tablespoon chopped parsley.
Use kale, not chard; instead of cooking, chop and drizzle kale with 1 teaspoon each olive oil and sherry vinegar; knead until tender. Toss with 2 grated carrots, 1/2 cup raisins, 1/2 cup blue cheese and honey-garlic vinaigrette: 1/3 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 garlic clove and 2 teaspoons honey.
The Black Kettle barn is an epic work in progress. It was built in 1947 after the original, along with the house, burned in the fire that took out most of Lyman, as well as other dry spots in Maine that summer. The "new" barn has many unique features; a huge hay loft complete with a really burly hay hook for moving round bales, an old school pencil sharpener with a manual crank (who's really seen one since their second grade classroom?), and a totally random and nonspecific pump that I choose not to touch or think about.
Back in the fun times forties when the barn was constructed there were way different codes and standards. Apparently the folks that built this beauty were in major "get 'er done" mode and decided to skip over the foundation portion of the program. Thus, these days we have a real, real wavy floor after years and years of frost heaves and shifts and rattles from our mama earth. The concept of "level" in the barn is majorly open to interpretation. Judge not.
So it has been out with the old and in with the new over the last few months. The first round of deconstruction involved the removal of a huge work bench, a sort of rickety set of make shift shelves and an animal stall that read "Flicka" "Baby Doll" and "JR" on the door (fear not, I kept it). After some spring cleaning and musing we pumped it up and got serious about making the barn a functioning space for a rocking veggie operation like BKF. In a corner that used to house yet another work bench, an 8 X 10 walk in cooler was built. After years of dealing with plastic coolers better suited for six packs and salsa then tender veggies, on top of the stress of hustling produce around to find a corner of shade, I am humbled by my love, admiration and general astonishment of refrigeration. I had no idea it would be this good.
The 2011 veggie season has welcomed many changes and evolutions. One major example of this is the incorporation of the on-farm pick up option for the CSA. For 2 weeks we cuted-up a section of the barn with the classic BKF look of tables clothes, baskets and produce piled high for the local picker-uppers to get their veggies and feel the love. This all changed for week 3 when my super handy Uncle Dan Higgins and trusty cousin Cameron rolled into town ready to rock any project I threw at them. With the dimming feature in my kitchen light installed (first things first) they tackled the new and improved and about to be uber fabulous CSA pick up area. The custom made design features a counter space for members to place their tote bags as they gather their produce, a place for newsletters in the beginning of the line and the trademark BKF tilt of baskets that make it appear as though the chard is actually leaping out at the consumer. It's all truly amazing. Dan kept the authentic feel of the barn and used a lot of old lumber, as well as a small door for a portion of the project. Tres groovy, no? Not only that, but with a remaining half an hour in the work day, Dan and Cam literally banged out a new work bench in a place that actually makes sense and will give me the opportunity to go to my happy place and organize and re-organize my screw drivers.
Now it is all about function and action in these parts.........if we could just figure out a way to get less sea sick from the ebbs and flows of the barn floor.
Report of the Attorney General for the Year Ending (Classic Reprint) by Massachusetts. Attorney Generals Office
Continue reading “Report of the Attorney General for the Year Ending (Classic Reprint) by Massachusetts. Attorney Generals Office” →
Continue reading “A Week at the Beach: 100 Life-Changing Things You Can Do by the Seashore by Jim Hubal” →
The praise of folly, made Engl. by W. Kennet, adornd from the designs of H. Holbeine by Desiderius Erasmus
Continue reading “The praise of folly, made Engl. by W. Kennet, adornd from the designs of H. Holbeine by Desiderius Erasmus” →
Jesus Was An Episcopalian (And You Can Be One Too!): A Newcomers Guide to the Episcopal Church by Rev. Chris Yaw
Continue reading “Jesus Was An Episcopalian (And You Can Be One Too!): A Newcomers Guide to the Episcopal Church by Rev. Chris Yaw” →
Living the iDream – A guide to using your iPhone to lead a better, more productive, healthier lifestyle. by Unknow
General U.S. Grants Writings (complete and unabridged) including his Personal Memoirs, State of the Union Address and Letters of Ulysses S. Grant to His Father and His Youngest Sister, 1857-78. by Ulysses S. Grant
price of longines heritage retrograde feeble fallow biographer so-called fireman sanctuary African e
he largest collection of explicit, downloadable hi-res bukkake videos on the net! The girls can't swalow all the cum that comes gushing all over their mouths
Our team goes around and finds the hottest book nerds around. The most snobish nerds get turned into cock loving whores and to give them a reality Check we spray their glasses with a huge load of jizz
A group of horny studs has come to Moscow to find the filthiest Russian girls and cover them with hot jizz from head to toe
Chicks from Budapest just cant get enough cum. Big dick cumshots, bukkake xxx action, huge facial cumloads and much more with Budapest bukkake
It is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but it is also very memorable.
I started a blog on my own that would be a place to both keep track of my internship and serve the company as another way to update clients and share information. This was my first post when I first started working with them in June. The blog can be found at urbanbeets.blogspot.com…
I’m currently a junior at Cornell, studying Agricultural Sciences, which has propelled me to embark on this blogging adventure to fill an internship requirement. I’m very excited to be spending my summer in the voluptuous city of Seattle, reading, drinking coffee, knitting, blogging, cooking, and gaining all kinds of urban agricultural enlightenment. My hope for this blog is for it to not only be an internship update provider, but also a cozy place to share insights, ideas, and excitement about urban farming and all that goes with it.
After visiting for three weeks, I found Seattle to be a place of immense passion, brewing tons of fresh ideas, and nearly bubbling over with proactivity. An agricultural enthusiast will never be bored in this city: with Pike Place Market as one of the main tourist attractions (I challenge you to name another city with a farmers market that attracts 10 million visitors each year and is open 7 days a week [pikeplacemarket.org]), district farmers markets every weekend all year round, P-Patch community gardens scattered about, frequent work parties with organizations that adore volunteers, and tons of classes on a wide range of topics from planting to preserving, it’s difficult to miss out on the movement.
Volunteering during my visit helped me to network a bit and meet many enthusiastic community members. The one volunteer experience that helped me most was a trial day with the Seattle Urban Farm Company, a growing enterprise that builds and maintains edible landscapes in the backyards of Seattle residents. Throughout the season, the company grows whatever the clients’ hearts (or stomachs) desire about as close to home as you can get, making fresh produce literally a hop, skip, and maybe a jump away, depending on the size of the yard.
Beds to the right of the last picture where flowers, garlic, onions, brassicas, squash, and more are flourishing
My trial day was spent maintaining some of these backyard farmyards with the lovely farmer Hilary, and some of the customers who wanted to take part. We also visited a rooftop garden on top of the Bastille restaurant in Ballard that the company installed and maintains as well. Now that I have returned, hungry for more urban ag action, I am interning with the Seattle Urban Farm Company for the rest of the summer. What better way to get to know the city and learn all the dirt on urban agriculture? Not to mention crop seasonality, business management and organization, social media, plant varieties, and much more….
So, here I am, starting a blog, ready to share a great summer with whoever cares to take part. The positive energy and excitement are aflowin’! Time to dig in.
The number of Americans living alone is growing and so is the number of singles who have pets, statistics show.
But while the benefits of animal companions are well documented, there’s also a potential downside, experts say. To avoid it, single dwellers need to think through their impulse to pair up with an animal and be ready to provide a pet with healthy environment, they add.
More than one quarter of the U.S. population now lives alone, according to a recent article in Forbes magazine. Thirty years ago that figure was 17 percent. The trend has momentum and is not likely to reverse, the article says.
The American Veterinary Medical Association’s 2012 U.S. Pet Ownership & Demographics Sourcebook indicates that pet-owning singles have begun to close the gap with pet-owning families in the last five years. While the number of families with pets showed less than 1.5 percent growth, single adults with pets increased more than 16 percent.
Felines are known for hiding illness, a throwback to their lives in the wild when anything that attracted predators could be fatal.
Dogs get out more and are exposed to more carcinogens than cats, according to a Denver expert. They are twice as likely to get cancer.
But even though most cats today stay primarily indoors, they’re still solitary, stoic souls — even in the face of a deadly disease that is contracted by an estimated 6 million felines annually.
The expert is David Haworth, president and CEO of the nonprofit Morris Animal Foundation in Denver. Morris is one of the leading animal health research institutions in the world, so Haworth, a veterinarian with a PhD in reproductive physiology, knows a thing or two about felines.
“An owner has to watch a cat closely to prevent cancer,” he says. “Owners must know who these cats are and look for changes in behavior. Do they not eat as much? Do they lose weight? Are their coats rough because they stop grooming? Do they have bumps? Put your hands on your cat.”
Morris Animal Foundation is known for looking at the big picture. It is currently funding 239 animal studies, including the biggest animal health study ever: A 10-year, $25 million in-depth look at the lives of 3,000 golden retrievers. The results could produce knowledge applicable to a variety of breeds.
Ever since Andrea Labak got her new dog Sesame from a shelter on Oct. 23, she and her husband have wondered what breeds make up the mixed-breed canine.
Several weeks ago, we used a Wisdom Panel mixed-breed DNA test on our recently adopted German Shepherd-mix, Sesame.
We swabbed her cheeks, then sent the swabs in to the Wisdom Panel’s lab and eagerly waited for the results to show up via e-mail.
We found out, much to our surprise, that one side of her great-grandparents, grandparents and parents are Rottweiler breed dogs.
This was an absolute shock to my husband and I as Sesame’s build is very dainty and small. She doesn’t have a Rottweiler’s typical coloring, either.
This part was not as surprising as she looks very much like a German Shepherd with her tan/black color markings and big, pointy ears, and has the curled tail, sprightly build and multi-layered coat of a Siberian Husky.
We also found out she has a small bit of Chinook breed in her, which we can see in her orange color and smaller size.
Wisdom Panel also provided us with information on her predominant breed types, including temperaments, training tips and health problems to watch for.
We are very happy that we decided to do the test and would recommend it to anyone else who is curious about what breeds make up their mixed-breed dogs.
I called it Fetch, because my Labrador lives for chasing a ball. I decided it would focus on Colorado people, pets and issues.
In the three years since then, Fetch has taken me all over the Denver metro area – in fact, much of the state.
And even though I already had experience as an animal welfare volunteer, the blog took me on an incredible journey of learning.
This is heaven – Early on. I wrote an article calling the Denver metro area “a heavenly place for beasts”. And it is.
This area is one of the nation’s best for animal welfare and research, according to a national leader.
There are a number of innovative animal shelters at the forefront of industry practices. Other people come to the metro area to learn how things are done.
A list of highly respected shelters would have to include the Dumb Friends League, Boulder Valley Humane, Longmont Humane and South Platte Valley Humane, to name a few.
A drive to place an issue on the Denver ballot this November to overturn the city’s pit bull ban has morphed into an international petition.
The goal of the petition, according to David Edelstein of the sponsoring Team-Pit-A-Full, is to “send a message to city officials that we are not letting this (issue) go quietly into the night as they would have it.”
Edelstein’s group backed off the ballot drive because of the lack of success of a preliminary event last year meant to educate Denver residents about the positive attributes of pit bulls.
The 100-mile walk around the outskirts of Denver was designed to highlight the belief of advocates that pit bull breeds are no more vicious than any other breed and shouldn’t be stigmatized.
Edelstein’s ultimate goal is to overturn Denver’s 1989 ban of pit bulls enacted after two highly publicized attacks.
Since the ban was put into place, hundreds of pit bulls have been seized and put to death. An unknown number of pit bull owners were forced to re-settle in the suburbs.
The issue, while no longer grabbing headlines, has simmered in the background with ongoing lawsuits to overturn the ban and a debate last year about whether the city would comply with a new federal law granting disabled people the right to have pit bulls as service dogs in Denver.
The service dog issue was resolved by an adminstrative action that presumably put the city in compliance with changes in the Americans With Disabilities Act. The city’s ordinance, however, was not changed.
Pit bull advocates lost their best ally on the city council last year with the death of council member Carla Madison, who supported changes in the ordinance.
Other council members have chosen to stand pat in light of polls showing continued support for the ordinance.
A leading metro area animal welfare figure who supports pit bulls even told Fetch recently that she was concerned Edelstein’s original ballot drive might harden council members’ resolve and delay the eventual ending of the ban.
While the issue plays out quietly in Denver, the Mile High City has become a major focus of pit bull advocates across the country, who view the city’s ordinance as one of the most stringent in the nation.
The Denver situation is also of high interest to surrounding cities, which have experienced an influx of the breed due to Denver’s ban.
Edelstein says his group’s new petition drive, called OccuPIT Denver, is getting results from around the world. After the March 21 deadline, his group will present results to Denver city officials and the media.
Many mainstream organizations also oppose breed-specific legislation, but Edelstein suggested they are sitting out his petition drive until his group shows there is sufficient support for overturning the ban.
Animal tracks – A New York judge will decide a lawsuit over whether puppies have souls, according to a story in the New York Daily News.
In her civil suit, dog owner Elena Zakharova contends that pets — considered “property” under state law — are much more than that: living creatures that feel love and pain.
Zakharova says the upper East Side pet store that sold her a pooch with bum knees and trick hips should be liable for the pup’s pain and suffering, as if it were a person.
“Pets must be recognized as living souls, not inanimate property,” said Zakharova’s lawyer, Susan Chana Lask.
Delta County Citizens for Animal Welfare and the City of Delta have entered into an agreement to operate an animal shelter.
The Delta City Council voted unanimously on Jan. 3 to approve the agreement, as well as an ongoing lease for the an existing animal facility located at 640 West 4th Street.
Citizens for Animal Welfare will immediately begin training with existing staff and will officially assume all operations and management of the shelter on April 1.
Cajun’s Closet, a popular thrift store that has raised funds for the Lakewood-based Cat Care Society since 1995, is being closed.
“The board has chosen to close Cajun’s Closet Thrift Shop and focus future efforts on the success of its cat shelter and clinic operations,” said Diane Stoner, president of the society’s board of directors.
The society’s shelter and clinic are located at 5787 W. 6th Avenue and the thift shop has been at 5707 6th Avenue. The shop’s final public sales are Dec. 31 from 9 a.m. until noon. Everything is 80 percent off.
Maggie Holben, a public relations profesional who is vice president of the society’s board, said the thift store became a financial drain on the non-profit society.
“It wasn’t a good business model,” Holben said. “The society had to staff it.” The tough economy has also taken its toll, she added.
Labak, an editorial assistant at the Denver Post, recently sent away for a DNA test kit to determine the breeds mixed in her dog, Sesame.
On Oct. 23, 2011, we welcomed Cookie, a 55-pound, 13-month-old, female mixed breed dog into our household.
The Westminster sisters, upset over the death of their 12-year-old pug last year, decided to raise money to help shelter dogs have a better shot at life.
With their parents’ help, they came up with the “Make a Sale, Save a Tail” project and sold Christmas scented lotions, raising more than $1,000 for Shelter-Me Photography.
The Colorado-based Shelter-Me nonprofit accelerates the adoption process for homeless animals by providing professional photography services at no charge to animal welfare agencies throughout the United States.
The girls are selling lotion again, but they’ve gotten an earlier start than in 2010 and hope to double the money raised.
And in addition to Shelter-Me Photography, they’ll give part of the proceeds to several other animal non-profits.
And that’s not all. The France family has plans to expand to sales next summer with two new lotions.
“They are learning how to be businesswomen and to give back. I’m extremely proud of them. If I’m having a busy day they say, ‘remember what we’re doing this for.’ ”
Maria and Sophia have added candles in all four scents that the lotions come in – Christmas Apple, Sugar Cookie, Cinnamon Sticks and Christmas Tree – and small fabric “biscuit” bags to their line of products.
“We have developed fundraising kits for shelters that would like to participate,” said the girls’ father, Michael. “We send them a set of lotions and candles in a nice display box for their counters and events. The shelters keep 100 percent of the profits on everything they sell!”
They are also in the process of starting The MariaSophia Foundation, which will focus its efforts on raising funds for animal and children’s welfare organizations throughout the United States.
Melissa and Michael France work in the skin care industry, so it was a natural to make scented lotions.
For retail stores and direct sales, the 8.9 oz. bottles of lotion sell for $8.50, the 4.0 oz. tin candles sell for $7.50 and the fabric bags sell for $8 for the small and $12 for the medium.
These products can be purchased throughout the holiday season online at www.advanskin.com or at many local retail locations listed on the girl’s website www.holidayhomeshop.com. You may also contact Maria and Sophia to order at fundraising4animals@gmail.com
* Christmas means indoor trees, lights, tinsel and ornaments. Cats and kittens love to climb trees. Make certain the tree is securely anchored so it cannot tip it over.
* Always supervise your pet when it is out and around the tree to ensure it does not chew through the wiring and electrocute itself. Running the cord thru inexpensive PVC tubes prevents feet and paws from tripping over electrical wires. Taping the cord to walls also prevents tripping.
* Avoid glass ornaments that will cut your pet if accidentally chewed, batted or broken. Consider leaving lower branches unadorned.
* Many presents are decorated with brightly colored ribbons and bows. The dyes used in these items (and in wrapping paper) may be toxic.
* Wrap tree skirts closely around the base of the tree and closely supervise dogs and cats to ensure they don’t drink from the tree stand.
* Pet-proof your trash so your dog or cat isn’t able to get to bones that can splinter and puncture your pet’s digestive tract. Aluminum foil, cellophane wrap and the strings tied around roasts and some other meats can cause vomiting and intestinal blockage.
* If hosting a holiday party, keeping pets in a separate room with a favorite toy with low volume music playing in the background can ease both the excitement and stress over visitors.
* Make certain all drink glasses are picked up and drained before going to bed so pets don’t ingest alcohol once they’re let out of their room. Alcohol can lead to comas and respiratory failure in pets.
* Mistletoe and holly berries are toxic to dogs and cats. Poinsettias can cause mouth sores and vomiting if ingested.
* Since New Year’s Eve includes fireworks, make sure your pet is wearing proper ID in case it runs off. . . .
The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA) approved a $5,000 grant to the Colorado Veterinary Medical Foundation (CVMF) to help provide free vaccinations to pets of people in need during the month of December at its Harrison Memorial Animal Hospital. Harrison Memorial will provide discounts for vaccines based on clients’ income qualifications with the remaining amount covered by ASPCA. . . .
The Longmont Humane Society has announced the appointment of its new executive director, Liz Smokowski. Her training and education includes an Associate’s of Applied Science degree in Animal Health, a Bachelor’s in Biology and a Master’s in Business Administration. . . .
The Dumb Friends League is offering adoptions of two small mammals for the price of one. The League has more than 130 rabbits, hamsters, guinea pigs, gerbils, rats and mice to choose from (ferrets excluded). The ongoing special takes place at both shelter locations — the Quebec Street shelter in Denver and the Buddy Center in Castle Rock. Adoption fees for small mammals range from $5 to $55. Information: ddfl.org or (303) 751-5772.
The Intermountain Humane Society is discounting feline adoption fees for the twelve days before Christmas in an attempt to send orphaned cats home for the holidays. Through Christmas Eve, the adult cat adoption fee is $12.25. Kitten adoption fees have been reduced by half.
Fans protest the presence of Michael Vick during a preseason NFL game in 2009. Vick resumed football after serving a sentence for dogfighting. He has since joined the Humane Society of the United States in speaking out against the blood sport.
Earlier this month, four large American newspapers carried full-page ads for a new group called the Humane Society for Shelter Pets.
The organization’s mission, the ad indicated, was to help local animal shelters get a bigger share of the funds that have been going to national animal welfare groups – specifically the Washington D.C.-based Humane Society of the United States (HSUS).
Readers of the four papers – the New York Times, Los Angeles Times, Chicago Tribune and USA Today – could be forgiven if they were confused about what was going on.
Fetch has looked into the matter and, by all appearances, what has been going on is a behind-the-scenes struggle between HSUS, the nation’s largest animal welfare organization, and a former Washington D.C. lobbyist who some believe pushes industry interests against groups such as the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine and Mothers Against Drunk Driving (M.A.D.D.).
The former lobbyist, Richard Berman, now owns a public relations business and says he is simply a kind of “bare-knuckle-brawling advocate for free-market issues.”
Veterinary researchers in Colorado are trying to come up with a new method of treating a form of canine cancer.
Cancer accounts for almost half of the deaths of pets over 10 years of age, according to the American Veterinary Medical Association.
The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA) reports that 60 percent of all dogs over age 6 will get cancer during their lifetime.
Dr. Robyn Elmslie, a veterinary oncologist with Veterinary Cancer Specialists, located at the VRCC Specialty and Emergency Hospital in Englewood, is leading a study to evaluate a new vaccine approach for treatment of non-Hodgkins lymphoma in dogs.
“Another in a series of stories hinting that singles are kind of lonely people – but note the story says pet ownership is...”
“Demographics are clear: more singletons, fewer families, yet John Q Public thinks policies should favor single-family residences…...”
John, a graduate of San Francisco State University, has been a newspaper writer and editor since 1969. He has worked at the Concord (Calif.) Daily Transcript, the Oakland Tribune, the Rocky Mountain News and, starting in 1992, at The Denver Post. A life-long animal lover, he has served on the boards of Harrison Memorial Animal Hospital in Denver and the Colorado Veterinary Medical Foundation. He was twice named Harrison's humanitarian of the year.
Archives Select Month September 2014 (2) January 2012 (3) December 2011 (5) November 2011 (4) October 2011 (8) September 2011 (4) August 2011 (4) July 2011 (6) June 2011 (5) May 2011 (5) April 2011 (4) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (4) January 2011 (5) December 2010 (4) November 2010 (4) October 2010 (5) September 2010 (5) August 2010 (5) July 2010 (4) June 2010 (5) May 2010 (5) April 2010 (4) March 2010 (4) February 2010 (4) January 2010 (5) December 2009 (4) November 2009 (5) October 2009 (3) September 2009 (4) August 2009 (4) July 2009 (3) June 2009 (4) May 2009 (2) April 2009 (1) March 2009 (3) February 2009 (4) 0 (114)
Fetch takes a topical look at a variety of issues affecting pets, including the latest research results.. It seeks to provide useful information for Colorado pet owners and to spotlight the work of Colorado animal welfare groups.
DENVER — Working with colleague Patrick Saunders on this story, The Denver Post has learned today that Jhoulys Chacin will join the Rockies’ bullpen Friday.
Saunders spoke with general manager Dan O’Dowd this morning, who confirmed the move. There will be a fuller story on this on the website shortly.
Chacin was pulled from his Double-A start last night “as a precaution for possible, future organizational moves.” Chacin is the Rockies’ top minor league pitching prospect. He profiles as a reliever, at least initially, because he as a good sinker and changeup. Chacin made a strong impression during spring training, and O’Dowd said then that it was possible that the right-hander could make the jump from Double-A.
The move comes in wake of Manuel Corpas’ latest setback with his elbow. He will have surgery Friday.
We reserve the right to remove any comment we feel is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, or reckless to the community.
We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk.
Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not.
After an extremely yummy Sunday evening supper the Amarok core developers continued with more Architecture talks all through Monday, the result of which you can see in our community wiki pages.
As every year we gathered in Randa to work on our favorite Free Software projects. Organized by FSFE-Fellow #1 Mario Fux this years edition sees people form KDE Edu, Accessibility, Plasma and Multimedia concentrate on making our software better by …
It’s this time of the year again where I prepare for attending OpenExpo in Winterthur. This important Free Software even is held on September 23 & 24 in Winterthur, Switzerland.
I hope all Swiss fellows read this message: I would like to make September 16th a very special day. Since there are quite many of us it should be possible to organise a great event. I already made a …
Posted in Fellowship, Freedom, FSFE, Switzerland	| Tagged conference, Fellowship, FSFE, Switzerland	| Comments Off
Last Saturday we had the first Freedom Party in Switzerland. An average 25 people attended the event, some of them coming from as far as Winterthur or Lausanne. Alex Schroeder and I had short speeches. Unfortunately my cardreader …
I’m still struggling with my medical condition: almost every appointment I had this week had to be postponed because of it. Luckily I managed to arrange my office around my bed and have the phone in reach. The seed …
Select Month June 2016 (1) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (1) December 2012 (1) September 2012 (3) August 2012 (2) June 2012 (1) May 2012 (2) February 2012 (1) December 2011 (1) October 2011 (1) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (1) November 2010 (1) September 2010 (1) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (1) February 2010 (1) January 2010 (1) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (3) July 2009 (1) April 2009 (1) February 2009 (1) October 2008 (1) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (1) July 2006 (1) June 2006 (2) May 2006 (2) February 2006 (1) June 2005 (1) May 2005 (1) April 2005 (1) March 2005 (2)
The unexpected surge in new housing construction may have helped boost stocks Tuesday, but some analysts say neither investors nor homebuyers should be too encouraged by the news.
U.S. home building climbed to the highest level in 19 months during November and construction permits grew, according to data released this morning by the Commerce Department. Home construction in November rose 9.3% to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 685,000 from October. Investors reacted favorably to the news as the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 337 points – or 2.8% — erasing Monday’s losses; the index is now up over 4% since the start of the year.
This sounds promising, but housing experts warn that since most of the increase in housing starts comes from the construction of rental apartment units, the numbers don’t necessarily indicate a turnaround in the overall housing market — or for that matter, the U.S. economy.
It remains a market for long-term investors, not “house-flippers,” analysts say – especially in areas with a strong demand for rentals. “Buying into a market where you expect extensive foreclosures with related depressive effects could be problematical,” says Stuart A. Gabriel, director of UCLA’s Richard S. Ziman Center for Real Estate. “But there are tremendous opportunities in the marketplace for those who are credit worthy and can buy at a deeply discounted price.”
There are also ways to invest in this building boom without a mortgage, experts say. Some pros are advising their clients to invest in building stocks to take advantage of the rise in apartment construction. “Investors could buy shares of homebuilders that specialize in starter homes in up-and-coming areas,” says Charles Sizemore, a financial adviser in Dallas, Texas. He recommends DR Horton (DHI), “because it is large, diversified, and has a more sophisticated management than many smaller homebuilders,” and Ryland (RYL), “because of its focus on affordable homes in growing markets.”
Others suggest avoiding real estate entirely. “The last thing people need are more stocks or bonds or traditional investments,” says Wade Westhoff, a financial adviser based in Danville, Ca. “With almost every other investment you have the ability to sell it,” he says.
The Fed’s latest stimulus program, QE3, has boosted risky assets like stocks and commodities at the expense of the dollar. The greenback dropped 6.5% between late July– when investors became more certain the Fed would take action – through mid-September, a more precipitous decline than following the prior two rounds of stimulus. During that same time, the S&P 500 rose nearly 10%.
Behind the dollar’s decline was investors’ growing sense in midsummer that central banks on both sides of the Atlantic would take action. European Central Bank president Mario Draghi vowed to save the euro at all costs, sparking a rally in the currency. In the U.S., currency investors saw further stimulus by the Federal Reserve as increasingly likely and began to price in a devaluing of the dollar. As expected, the Fed launched its third round of so-called quantitative easing earlier this month, a program that will increase the money supply as the Fed buys mortgage bonds with money it has created.
The Fed’s aggressive moves to stimulate the economy spell long-term weakness for the dollar, many pros say. For them, it’s not too late to tweak portfolios to account for this decline. While various factors could cause the dollar to temporarily strengthen against the euro and other currencies — for example, mounting concern over the European debt crisis or escalating tensions in the Middle East could send investors running to the dollar as a safe haven — the currency’s long-term downward trajectory will continue, according to these dollar bears.
Many have looked to gold as the dollar began its slide this summer. Drew Kanaly, a financial adviser at Kanaly Trust in Houston, increased his clients’ allocations to gold through the SPDR Gold Shares exchange-traded fund (GLD).
Some have looked to capitalize on other currencies’ appreciation relative to the dollar. Donald Dempsey, a financial adviser in Williston, Vt., shifted part of his clients’ international bond portfolios out of the iShares JPMorgan USD Emerging Markets Bond fund (EMB) and into the WisdomTree Emerging Markets Local Debt fund (ELD). The former gives investors exposure to international bonds but not their currencies, whereas the latter does not hedge out, or erase, the currency risk. Many emerging-market currencies have rallied recently, and the WisdomTree fund allows investors to benefit from this appreciation along with any changes in the underlying bonds’ prices (in the opposite direction, investors get hurt if the currency declines).
Anthony Welch, manager of the $12.8 million Currency Strategies fund (FOREX), increased his exposure in mid-July to the Canadian and Australian dollars, which have also recently outperformed the greenback. Both countries’ economies are heavily tied to commodities, many of which are priced in the U.S. dollar and tend to rally when the dollar declines. Over the past five years, the Canadian and Australian dollars have risen against both the euro and the U.S. dollar. (The U.S. dollar’s movements are often measured against the U.S. Dollar Index, a basket of other currencies of which the euro makes up 57%.)
To be sure, not all pros favor adjusting portfolios based on market direction. “Typically, advisers tweak things at exactly the wrong time, like their clients,” says Rick Kahler, president of Kahler Financial Group in Rapid City, S.D. Kahler gives his clients exposure to foreign currencies but doesn’t change the mix based on currency moves.
But for some, it makes sense to adjust portfolios to reflect America’s weakened economic position. Says Dempsey, “Longer-term, I have to feel safer with some of these emerging markets that are running surpluses.”
So the first false assumption that underlies the scheduling of systems programming is that all will go well.
The obsolescence of an implementation must be measured against other existing implementations, not against unrealized concepts.
Men and months are interchangeable commodities only when a task can be partitioned among many workers with no communication among them.
Production is predominantly the process of shooting the film and recording voiceovers etc. Some projects may also require special graphics or animations.
As this is the stage where a film crew is seen to be actually working on location, many regard this as being the measure of how much work is involved. Important as it is, in fact, it often represents a comparatively small proportion of the overall project, compared with Pre-Production and postproduction.
Whilst most producers welcome clients being present during at least part of the filming, it should not be regarded as an opportunity for last-minute or on-the-fly changes to the content. Ideally everything should be finalised before signing off the storyboard at Pre-Production. Changes at this stage can have repercussions elsewhere and could therefore increase costs that the producer would be entitled to pass on.
Filming is often a complex process; usually filmed out of sequence and hard to follow. It should therefore never be underestimated. It can require very careful set up of cameras, rigs, lights, sound, monitors etc. As well as getting the shot just right, producers look out for traits that others may not even be conscious of at the time. Typically they are avoiding unwanted appearances and noises in the background; variations in lighting levels/conditions and focus especially during motion shots; personal fluidity and intonations; continuity of content and style of presentation etc. The perfect shot can therefore come after a number of takes to ensure the production is both polished and reduces postproduction correction. Most clients are surprised at the detail and precision of professional filming. They find it an interesting and enjoyable experience.
Voiceovers are usually recorded in a studio, with high quality microphones. The booth will be reverb and "pop" resistant, maintaining voice quality that can stand on its own and doesn't rely upon background music to conceal flaws.
Production teams can vary immensely. From very small projects that require only one camera operator and maybe an assistant, to more complex projects that have several camera people, separate sound and lighting specialists, a production director, support crew. Many companies now have crew that are multi-talented as this contains production cost. Camera trained and confident presenters not only add production quality but also speed up the process.
Equipment plays an important part in delivering the technical quality of the production. Cameras, rigs, sound and lighting can all make or break the production.
There's very good reason why professionals invest thousands of pounds in good quality cameras. Put simply, they are the tools to do a better job. Used properly, they deliver better quality and have the flexibility to overcome awkward conditions. Beware of the guy who turns up with just a DSLR. Quality control will be very restricted and probably he's really a photographer.
Rigs are essential. Everyone will know about tripods but they should also have fluid heads, controllers and dual legs for smooth changes of perspective and better stability. Tracking and Steadycam can greatly increase the flexibility and appeal of how shots look. In some circumstances camera booms might also be necessary.
Even on location, sound should always be recorded through high quality external microphones. Better quality microphones may be omni-directional or have tighter response curves to reduce unwanted background noise. Typically these might be hidden boom, shotguns, lapels, hand held, headset. These different microphones are used in different situations where it might influence how the film is produced or the feel it has, e.g. intense, personal, performance, presented, interview, vox pop, studio etc. To be legal and free from interference, radio mic transmitters require band frequency licenses.
Lighting is also a pre-requisite, especially for indoor shoots. Contrary to what many may think, it's not simply to increase light levels. The way lighting is set up can add depth and atmosphere.
A good production company will have an array of equipment with back-ups to cater for unexpected circumstances that could otherwise delay or spoil the quality of the shoot.
If you would like help creating an effective theme and professional production for a company promotion about your business or adverts for your products, why not give CorpFilms [UK] a call?
IBBI strengthens its Due Diligence Framework under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 | Corporate Law Reporter
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (IBBI) strengthens its Due Diligence Framework under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
Now prior to approval of a Resolution Plan, the Resolution Applicants, including promoters, will be put to a stringent test with respect to their credit worthiness and credibility; Amendments to the IBBI (Insolvency Resolution Process for Corporate Persons) Resolution Process, 2016 impose a greater responsibility on the Resolution Professionals and the Committee of Creditors in discharging their duties.
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (IBBI) has amended its Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process Regulations to ensure that as part of due diligence, prior to approval of a Resolution Plan, the antecedents, credit worthiness and credibility of a Resolution Applicant, including promoters, are taken into account by the Committee of Creditors.
With a view to ensure that the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process results in a credible and viable Resolution Plan, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (IBBI) has carried-out amendments to the IBBI (Insolvency Resolution Process for Corporate Persons) Resolution Process, 2016 (CIRP Regulations).
The Revised Regulations make it incumbent upon the Resolution Professional to ensure that the Resolution Plan presented to the Committee of Creditors contains relevant details to assess the credibility of the Resolution Applicants. The details to be provided would include details with respect to the Resolution Applicant in terms of convictions, disqualifications, criminal proceedings, categorization as willful defaulter as per RBI guidelines, debarment imposed by SEBI, if any, and transaction, if any, with the Corporate Debtor in the last two years.
Apart from the above, the Resolution Professional has to also submit details in respect of transactions observed or determined, if any, covered under Section 43 (Preferential Transactions); Section 45(Undervalued Transactions); Section 50 (Extortionate Credit Transactions); Section 66 (Fraudulent Transactions) under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
By virtue of the above mentioned changes in the Regulations, the Resolution Applicants, including promoters, are put to a stringent test with respect to their credit worthiness and credibility. Further, it also imposes greater responsibility on the Resolution Professionals and the Committee of Creditors in discharging their duties.
eMinds Legal is a Corporate Law Firm based in Gurgaon, India specializing in Corporate Legal, Corporate Secretarial and Compliance. The Firm comprises of a team of Corporate Lawyers and Company Secretaries with in-depth subject matter knowledge and participative industry experience of over 15 years.
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 - Clause (a) to clause (d) of section 2 of the Code relating to voluntary liquidation or bankruptcy shall come into force from 1st April, 2017 May 17, 2017
Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) under the Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code, 2016 May 02, 2018
Corporate Criminal Liability under Section 29A(d) of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 Aug 13, 2018
Clarification regarding approval of resolution plans under section 30 and 31 of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 Oct 28, 2017
Insolvency Professional to obtain Certificate of Registration under Insolvency Code:IBBI Jun 20, 2017
SEBI constitutes Group to review Institutional Trading Platform (ITP) framework to facilitate the listing of start ups
Corporate Law Reporter is the fastest Indian Law Journal delivered everyday - Free :) Registration takes 30 seconds and entitles you to receive Daily Legal Updates on Corporate Laws in your inbox. 1 mail per day. No spam.	Knowledge Partner: eMinds Legal, Advocates & Solicitors
March 18, 1870 -- Barred by his parents from their home because of his misconduct, Theodore Nicklas, white, 19, on Dec. 18, 1869 beat retired Alleghany Doctor Andrew Mead, 79, to death in the latter's store when the old man refused the young one's demands for money. . . .
Angry over his wife's refusal to return to him after she had fled their home, Charles Clarke, 35, on Dec. 1, 1883 fatally shot, stabbed and choked her . . . .
March 16, 1909 -- At West Salamanca, Salvatore Randazzio, white, 22, a railroad section hand, on Jan. 11, 1908, in a boxcar that served as the labor crew's sleeping quarters, axed and bludgeoned to death his cousin Pietro Randazzio, also a spike puncher, to steal $45 in wages the latter had been saving to return to his native Sicily . . . .
An alcoholic widower living with relatives in Cuba, Pacy Hill, white, 41, on March 18, 1908, took violent exception to being scolded by his cousin, Chloe Hancock, 18, about his being drunk and he fatally shot her . . . .
While out with others hunting small game in some woods near Oleans Aug. 23, 1909, William Gilbert, black, 29, fatally shot Viola Hughes whom he suspected of being unfaithful. His claim the shooting was accidental was disputed by others in the hunting group . . . .
Angry over his wife's refusal to return to him after she had fled their home, George Coyer, white, 45, on July 4, 1913 went to the Little Valley home where she was working, wrung her neck with his bare hands and completed the fatal attack with a shotgun blast . . . .
Angry that a supervisor had criticized and demoted him from railroad track repair crew foreman to a common laborer position while working a section near Franklinville on July 12, 1917, Giovanni Ferraro, white, 36, fatally shot the supervisor William Dunbar in the back and fled to nearby Pennsylvania. He was captured much later in Philadelphia, but not before he killed a policeman while resisting the arrest. In Sing Sing, he seriously wounded two death row guards . . . .
Two Mexicans, convicted in unconnected murders, were executed on the same day despite efforts of a the Mexican government and death penalty opponents to win them stays. A tanner, Enrique Garcia, 21, on Sept. 30, 1919, fatally shot fellow Olean rooming house tenant Andre Elmenski, 29, in rivalry over a woman. A few weeks later in Olean (Nov. 16, 1919), Buffalo steelmill worker, Augustin Sanchez, 31, stabbed a Latino co-worker Jose Lizirraga, 32, to death to steal wages the latter had saved to return to his native land . . . .
While fleeing Olean police with whom he exchanged gunfire, a situation that began as a domestic dispute but spun wildly out of control, Peter Harris, white, 22, on March 3, 1932, encountered a former co-worker Michael Vessil, 29, against whom he had a prior grudge. Harris fatally shot Vessil, continued his flight and eluded his pursuers, But he surrender after four days in the woods without food or shelter . . . .
Despite the fact that reformed ex-con Harold Farnsworth, 52, and wife, Bernice Kenyon Farnsworth, 55, had given Alfred Lindsay, white, 29, a job on their Cold Spring farm after he had gotten out of Great Meadows Prison (where he been Harold's cellmate), Lindsay on March 5, 1935, killed them with an ax, stole their car and valuables . . . .
Angry that retired Olean contractor Dominic Gregory, 86, might change his will, dropping from it his caretakers, Oliver Aldridge, black, 47, and Aldridge's wife, Willie Pearl Aldridge, 33, Oliver on Dec. 9, 1939, fatally shot the old man . . . .
A NOTE ON SOURCES: The principle printed source of information was the very excellent Legal Executions on New York State: A Comprehensive Reference 1639 - 1963 by Daniel Allen Hearn. It provided starting points -- dates as well as the names of people and localities -- for follow-up research on the Internet. New York Times on-line archived articles provided information on a number of cases as did the Cattaraugus County web pages of the US GenWeb/NY GenWeb system. Much use was made of the excellent research resource Northern New York Historical Newspapers.
Construction of this timeline was initiated by the NYCHS webmaster after receiving an email from Cattaraugus County administrator Jack Searles concerning a prison facility photo image on our site that he was interested in using on one of the DVDs he was producing to help raise funds for that county's 2008 Bicentennial celebration. Besides assisting with that request, our posting this timeline seemed another way NYCHS could participate in the occasion.
To help the New York Correction History Society with this project, the Cattaraugus County Historical Museum and Library very generously provided copies of jail-related and sheriff-related materials from its vertical files. We are indebted to Cattaraugus County Historian Sharon Fellows for her support and assistance with this project.
France | Greece | Switzerland | Italy | Germany | Austria | Spain | Portugal | Australia | USA | Links
Due to demand, we have added this repeat session of Preschool Storytime on Friday mornings. The content will be the same as the Tuesday morning Preschool Storytime. Please register for either the Tuesday OR Friday sessions, but not both.
Thank Goodness Its Friday Yoga is for everyone. Poses include strengthening, balancing, and stretching with options for varying abilities, as well as relaxation for stress reduction.
Ballet & Tap for Ages 3 – 5 are fun and lively classes that enhance coordination, musicality, and creativity. Children will learn the basic concepts of dance, hone weight transfers and balance, and cultivate their improvisation and cooperation skills within a group. Children will learn through games, routines, and repetitive movement. These classes help instill the proper etiquette, love, and appreciation for the art of dance.
reviews: I tested this product for several days .. I noticed that the temperature is much higher when using the high pattern .. And develop it in the future by putting the charging port nerve and develop a system of protection against the heat to turn into the lower pattern at high temperature
You'll be compensated if the product you purchase has a lower price on our website prior to delivery Detaljer >
It’s finally ready for pre-order! Pua’s Kiss tells a significant part of the backstory to the Niuhi Shark Saga. In it you’ll learn why Justin came to Hawaii, how Pua and Justin met, hooked up, and how all of the events in One Boy, No Water; One Shark, No Swim; and One Truth, No Lie; came to pass–and who was really pulling all the strings.
This was a tough book to write. The characters fought me every step of the way. It wasn’t until I let them speak the story they wanted to tell that I made any progress.
A word of warning–this one is not middle grade. It deals with some mature themes. Two adults fall in lust–off camera, closed door lust, but it’s clear that’s what’s going on.
Pua’s Kiss is available in a collection of five novellas called Fractured Sea on Amazon for 99 cents until August 31, 2018.
In Rell Goes Hawaiian, you’ll catch up with Ilima, Uncle Kahana, Jerry Santos, and other characters from The Niuhi Shark Saga in a newly imagined version of Cinderella.
When Rell Watanabe is summoned from the mainland by her stepmonster Regina to Poliahu’s estate in upcountry Lauele, Hawaii, she should’ve known it wasn’t to celebrate her birthday. Despite Jerry Santo’s aloha hospitality, being in paradise isn’t all fun in the sun. Rell spends her birthday signing papers, taking care of her bratty stepsisters, and preparing for a big auction to benefit the International Abilities Surf Camp sponsored by Jay Westin and Nili-boy.
After Rell’s wicked stepsisters push the sacred aumakua stone Pohaku into the big saltwater pool at Piko Point, things rapidly fall apart. Banned from attending the auction, Rell wishes on a star and gets waaaaay more than she bargained for when Ilima shows up to settle a score.
Rell Goes Hawaiian is a novella included in Fractured Slipper, a boxed set of 5 Cinderella novellas by award-winning and best-selling authors. Fractured Slipper is Book 2 in the Fairy Talk Ink series.
Note: Tales From Pasifika is a website dedicated to reviewing stories that explore Polynesian and Oceanic cultures and themes. If you’re looking for a good book that fits into the Pacific-Lit category, this is the place. Tales From Pasifika is reviewing the Niuhi Shark Saga. The following is an excerpt from their review of One Boy, No Water. To see the whole review, click here.
I’ll tell you something about myself: I don’t like children’s or Middle Grade/Young Adult books almost as much as I don’t like fantasy/magic realism genre. I decided to give the Niuhi Shark Saga a chance exclusively because it is Pacific Lit. I bought the three titles, but I was still quite (or rather very) sceptical. But then I read a few pages. And a few more. And suddenly I was officially hooked.
So yes, I admit, this is a fantastic book. Lehua Parker wrote a beautiful tale full of magic and authentic Hawaiian vibe. She managed to bring the local legends back to life, giving readers – young and adult alike – a chance to get to know the Aloha State and its fascinating culture. Actually, the references to Hawaiian lore are what makes this novel stand out! It doesn’t deal with werewolves, vampires, or wizards – so omnipresent in today’s popular literature – but draws from the ancient beliefs. So we have sharks, and ti leaves, and the mysterious Hawaiian martial art of Kapu Kuialua (which is considered sacred and taught underground since the mid-1800s). All this definitely makes the story feel fresh, unique, original. And isn’t that exactly what we expect from a good book?
Now, although the novel is somewhat focused on Hawaiian culture, it has several underlying themes that teach valuable lessons, as befits children’s and Young Adult literature. Together with Zader and Jay, readers learn how important it is to have family you can always count on, to do what is right, to overcome your fears, to respect the nature, and to never forget where you come from. You can’t run and hide from your problems; be bold and brave; whatever happens in your life – face it! This is such an inspiring message for young people, who often struggle to find their place. Zader’s and Jay’s experiences will surely give them courage, and uncle Kahana’s wise words the needed moral guidance.
Speaking of uncle Kahana, I have to praise the characters. They are unbelievably well created and defined. From Zader and Jay to Char Siu and the Blalahs to uncle Kahana (who is my favourite), every one of them is a distinct person with a distinct voice and personality. They are complex, plausible, and easy to identify with. They are like us: they make choices and decisions – sometimes good, sometimes bad; they have their dilemmas; they learn from their mistakes. They are ordinary people; ordinary in their extraordinariness.
Of course, it’s one thing to build strong characters, but it’s another to show the relationships between them. Lehua Parker succeeded in doing both. The interactions between Zader and his brother or uncle Kahana, the interactions between the teenagers, and finally the interactions between the adults are incredibly well thought over. They influence the story, making it much more convincing and compelling.
Do you know what else makes this novel so believable? The language – Hawaiian Pidgin, to be precise. You’ll find it in every single chapter and, quite possibly, on every single page. To people who don’t speak Pidgin (or Hawaiian), it may cause some problems, but there is a dictionary at the end of the book, so you can always use it. I think the addition of local creole was a genius idea. Well, you can’t really write a story set in Hawaii and have your characters say ‘Thank you’ instead of ‘Mahalo’, can you?
‘One Boy, No Water’ is a must read. If you have a youngster at home or are looking for a great gift, this should be your number one choice. Because this colorful island tale is engaging and appealing, thought-provoking and amusing, uplifting and wonderfully hopeful. It is like a breath of fresh Hawaiian air taken on a sunny day. Unforgettable and not to be missed. But, let me give you a piece of advice here, buy all three books at once – after the first volume you’ll be hooked; just like me.
When a young location scout from Hollywood dashes into a local Hawaiian bar, she bites off a little more than she can chew. Set in Hawaii with a hint of ancient mythology, Tourists is a companion story to the Niuhi Shark Saga and is intended for adults. Like the woman in the story, there’s no long-term commitment here. Tourists is a quick coffee break and dessert read.
Later, after his parents were snoring, safe in their bed, Kona tiptoed back to his room and carefully placed the perfume bottle on his desk chair.
Excerpted from Sniff by Lehua Parker. Copyright © 2013 by Lehua Parker. Excerpted by permission of Lehua Parker, LLC and Lauele Press. All rights reserved. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher or author.
“Your teacher said if you ate boiled cabbage, brussels sprouts, potatoes, beans, and onions for dinner, she’ll give you extra credit?”
Mom shook her head again. “Should’ve sent you to a private school. Maybe you can go to Ridgemont for seventh,” she muttered, opening the fridge and turning on the stove.
Shhhhhh, shhhhhhh, not settling, moving. A dry sound, like snakes, like sand, like crisp, dried leaves against a window screen.
“What’s that?” croaked a voice dry like sawdust cookies, followed by a snuffling, sniffling sound, the sound of a hound on a trail or pigs tracking truffles.
“What’s that,” sniff, snuff, snort—now not dry, but slobbery, hot, greedy—“What is it? Smells,” sniff, “sweet, like flowers, like,” snuff, drool, drip, “like clean.”
“Phew! Oh, oh, stinky, rotten, smelly, horrible, horrible, little boy!” The bed bounced back. “Oh, woe, woe is me.” The voice a child’s whimper, the sound of a birthday present taken back, a rotted piece of maggot cake, no candles left to light.
A sound like sea wash kissing sand, a moving sound, shifting away from the bed, low toward the floor.
Kona heard the mango cobbler pan thud on the floor, then a terrible licking sound, a greedy slurping sound, a sound made by a too long tongue.
Kona glanced at his bedroom door to make sure it was still shut tight, and, tucking the covers snug around his neck, he drifted back to sleep.
In his room, Kona rummaged in the bottom of his closet and pulled out a wadded pair of boxers and worn soccer shorts, the same clothes he’d worn each night and hidden in his closet for over a month. Putting on the rank and musty clothes, he immediately felt better. It was going to be all right.
He carefully closed his closet and bedroom doors, making sure they were shut tight. Eye-balling the distance to his pillow, he set the mango cobbler on his desk chair, turned off the light, and took a flying leap into bed.
As he pulled the covers up to his chin and tucked them under his shoulders and behind his neck, he smelled his hands, clean and fresh, like flowers after rain.
Back in the kitchen, Kona opened the fridge, picked out a piece of raw onion from a plastic wrapped bowl, and ate it for luck, rolling the juice around with his tongue. He slipped the mango cobbler off a shelf and tossed the foil cover in the rubbish can. On second thought, he reached down into the trash and pushed the foil deeper, hiding it underneath the bloody meat trays and mango peels. He tiptoed down the hallway and set the cobbler on the floor inside his bedroom, hiding it from the den.
Dad looked away from the tv. Something…something…Dad couldn’t put his finger on it, but something was…
At dinner, Kona ate all the chili and only a little of the mango cobbler, even though he loved it. He knew he’d need it later.
Kona hit ctrl-S and powered down the computer. Arguing was useless. There were too many things adults didn’t get.
In the bathroom, he ran water in the sink, wet his toothbrush, and added some toothpaste before rinsing it all down the drain. He turned on the shower and sat on the toilet lid, counting slowly to 100 hippopotamuses.
At 101, he carefully leaned into the shower, wetting only his hands, working his wash cloth into a lather and squirting shampoo down the drain before turning the water off.
Taking his wet hands, he ran them quickly through his bangs and behind his ears, brushing his thick brown hair away from his face. The built-up grease helped; his hair looked wet, at least from a distance.
Kona put on clean boxers and loose fitting shorts, ran his towel around the shower stall to dampen it, and dumped it on the floor for his mother to find.
All images taken on Saturday, 29 April 2017, thumbnails All images taken on Saturday, 29 April 2017, small
Education Sector PRODUCTS Shelving and Worktop Systems Three tier wall & floor fixed shelving system
They quickly leave the bed behind and use the floor instead ad Dylan fucks Austin til the both cum first gay at Boy Crush!
Gay emo boys | Male PICs | male sex at male | small naked boys dick | gay video from Another Gay Movie
Accelerate your marketing and gain FREE exposure by one of the web's most popular free classifieds website! While other websites constantly try to make it harder to post multiple advertisements, Backpage.com is always available to post multiple ads to your niche market!
BrothersoftEditor: The fifth edition of this hit series features 300 all-new puzzles designed to twist your brain and provide hours of addictive fun. Clear the screen of brilliantly crafted images, each one assembled from CoLoRfUl Collapse! blocks, by removing groups of three or more in the fewest possible moves. A wonderful addition to this hit series, Super Collapse! Puzzle Gallery 5 also features vibrant new colors, a special hint system, and so much more. Played by hundreds of millions of casual gamers, the Collapse! series of games are some of the most popular titles of all Time! See why gamers just can't Get enough with the free demo, or download the full unlimited version and kick back with the most challenging, most addictive, and most fun Super Collapse! Puzzle Gallery yet! Play Super Collapse! Puzzle Gallery 5 today!
If you want to participate (which we highly encourage) please contact the always lovely Lesley-Ann, and she will put your name down on the list. You can reach her on: Lesley127ann@gmail.com
But if you’re more of the observing kind, we’d love for you to come along and support our acts for only €5!
I think there's a pretty fair case for arguing that Terry Gilliam is one of the greatest directors alive, even with his comparatively low output taken into consideration. Many of his films have been commercial flops, and his consistent bad luck in matters of filmmaking is fairly well-documented, sure, but what he actually manages to produce is, without a shadow of a doubt, unmitigated brilliance. 12 Monkeys (1995) , for example, was more or less an instant classic upon release. Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (1998) , while largely critically panned, sticks in my mind as a truly awe-inspiring rendition of a classic book. Add in all his other works, and it's pretty hard not to believe that Gilliam is an absolute genius.
CPA (ha!) is a short film bolted onto the start of Monty Python's The Meaning of Life (1983) , for (it has to be said) no real reason, other than because they could. It details the mutiny of a bunch of lowly (and elderly) accountants against their downsizing masters, and their efforts to break free from their little corporate world (literally). In a way, CPA is kind of a one-joke film (imagine if an accounting business was like a pirate ship!), but that's all you really need from it anyway: a funny, if not wildly hilarious, plot, a couple of good visual gags, and big dollops of both of Gilliam's twin trademarks: surrealism and an absolutely amazing visual appeal.
While CPA obviously is very low-rent compared to Gilliam's other works, his incredible eye for what looks good on screen is obvious. For a short that many other directors would have just made, with scant regard for looks, Gilliam pours a lot of effort into making even this pointless little piece look great — definitely foreshadowing what was yet to come at the height of his career, with films like 12 Monkeys (the general theme of fighting mindless bureaucracy, too, is obviously going to be familiar to fans of Gilliam's work, via Brazil (1985) ).
Normally, I consider how good a film looks to be of secondary importance at best: it's hard not to see the parallels between this work and Gilliam's later films, though, and Gilliam is one director who can make the look of a film matter, bless him.
I've watched Monty Python movies for almost as long as I've been alive. Some of them, I've watched more than others, but all of them have been enjoyed by me numerous times over the years. But I can probably be forgiven for not "getting" this movie when I first saw it. I was, after all, only in grade one when it was released.
My brother and I always used to fast-forward right past this short-film-before-the-feature, ever onward toward Monty Python's The Meaning of Life (1983) . In more recent times though, with a newfound love for the most impressive work done by Terry Gilliam, I can see this little gem for what it is.
Gilliam's stuff is always funny, but it's often not as overtly funny as, say, Eric Idle's. With The Crimson Permanent Assurance , we see a Terry Gilliam film mixed up with a Monty Python film - it's not really one or the other, it's both, chucked into a blender and put on at the high setting for thirty seconds or so.
The material ages very well - it's still as relevant today as it was back in 1983 - and, the exciting and unique imagery created by Gilliam, along with the humour, make it a great little watch for the grown-up Python fan.
And, of course, it's worth watching it rather than skipping it, because then when the characters from it come and invade the feature film, you'll know who they are and what the hell they're doing there.
If I have 11 Best Achievement in Cinematography Oscars and win 3 more Best Achievement in Cinematography Oscars, how many Best Achievement in Cinematography Oscars do I have?
Downtown street construction will resume Friday, June 22, and carry on through Saturday evening, weather permitting.
During construction, the city is asking motorists to avoid this area if possible, as minor delays may occur. If not possible, motorists and pedestrians are asked to pay close attention to the flagging crew directing traffic and to drive slowly through the construction zone. Downtown businesses will remain open during the road work. City parking lots can be utilized.
Note: This item has been changed to remove an erroneous reference to pedestrians and to add information about businesses and parking lots.
Emphasis on research is the need of the hour for developing eco-friendly pest control measures in agriculture to support and encourage organic farming. Farmers require high performing, non-chemical based crop protection products which will not only help them cultivate agri outputs which are free of pests and residues, but also boost agricultural yield significantly.
Due to lack of effective, affordable and eco-friendly technologies to control pests, farmers are left with no choice but to continue spraying harmful and toxic pesticides on crops. This also leads to a large investment burden on the farmers, forcing them to give up farming itself.
With a humble start in 2011, Barrix Agro Sciences Private Limited, an innovative establishment, made its foray into the agricultural sector to touch and profoundly influence human lives. Barrix adopts and develops eco-friendly crop protection methods using the latest technologies. With in-depth study and research on products to support organic farming, Barrix provides innovative and effective products to help farmers. The positive reviews and wide acceptance from customers has paved the way for transforming pest control methodology. With a strong supply chain and dedicated personnel, Barrix empowers farmers and impacts the society and ecology in a positive way.
Barrix Agro Sciences is a venture backed by Omnivore Partners - venture capitalists and CIIE - incubator.
Omnivore Partners is a venture capital firm investing in early stage agricultural technology (Agtech) companies in India. The firm makes investments in tech-focused companies working in agriculture sub-sectors such as farm automation, information services, precision agriculture using Internet-connected devices, sustainable agriculture and agri-supply chain. There have been very few innovations in the agri space targeting small-scale farmers, who form the biggest chunk of the market and Omnivore has helped such companies evolve into corporates.
CIIE helps entrepreneurs turn their ideas into viable and practical businesses. CIIE supports entrepreneurs by incubating, accelerating, mentoring and funding innovative start-ups with disruptive technologies. CIIE believes it should operate in sectors and geographies where there are market failures and private support is not easy to find.
“To provide high performing and outstanding products to humanity through the Farmer, thereby increasing the GDP of the world”
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44
Toggle bracelet clasps holds might be employed on any type of type of jewelry. Nevertheless, occupation best with larger parts as a consequence of The point that the burden with the piece may help promise the bar won’t slide back out all through have on. Make sure When picking a toggle which the bar is little adequate to fit with the matching variety, but substantial and thick enough to safe securely from the placement considering that the greatest problem with this kind of keep is The reality that it could normally arrive undone.
Real to its identify, a magnetic clasp is produced up of two parts that have magnets. These magnets attract one another in addition to crack collectively, securing the piece of trend jewelry set up. You will find a major array of magnetic retains offered in all forms, Proportions, in addition to layouts. Some are small, rounded, and fragile, while some are huge and also rectangular. Even now others are texturized or accented with diamonds and likewise much more.
If you prefer Artwork Deco jewellery or Victorian kind solutions, Mobile-Boutique.com delivers a big preference of base metallic effects along with other products and solutions and answers in the situation to choose from. Our gold and silver castings is generally obtained in any sizing acquire, so simply seem through our assortment and decide on your favorites. Colourful beads with plenty of ornate detailing and simple beads with essential design are available, so that you’re in the position to shop right up until you drop with the benefit of your own private home!
For undertaking Thoughts that use our silver castings, pay a visit to our Position Recommendations Web-site. This region of our internet site is supposed to inspire our prospective buyers and hopefully get more info spark new Ideas for Ingenious options to work with our beads, connectors, and clasps!
A utility that puts the names of people into the clipboard from vCards. The cards can come directly from Address Book by selecting a group of cards and then dragging them onto the droplet.
In Melbourne this week to shoot the new Fulton Lane project. A stunning apartment complex in the heart of the CBD. I found myself drawn to the pool…The clean lines and textures coupled with clever lighting created a beautiful, elegant feel.
Discovered a great rooftop location yesterday on my whirl wind trip to Melbourne. How’s the view?? Interesting group of bee hives on top of the Fed Square building.
Arrowgate Randolph NJ Condos and Townhomes for Sale Arrowgate Randolph New Jersey Condos and Townhomes for Sale Arrowgate Randolph NJ Condos and Townhouses for Sale - Arrowgate Randolph NJ Condos Townhomes Townhouses For Sale | Arrowgate Randolph NJ Real Estate | Arrowgate Randolph NJ Realtor | Arrowgate Randolph NJ Homes for Sale | Arrowgate Randolph MLS | Arrowgate Randolph NJ Luxury Real Estate Homes | Real Estate and Homes for Sale in Arrowgate Randolph NJ Arrowgate Randolph New Jersey Real Estate and Homes for Sale in Arrowgate Randolph Townhome Townhouse Luxury Homes Condos
Want additional information on any of these homes, or a private showing? Please Contact Us, your NJ Realtors.
PLEASE NOTE: This is not an official website of Brae Loch and is not affiliated with the Brae Loch Homeowners Community Association. Please contact the Management Company at at 973-770-1500 This website was designed to promote the Brae Loch Community, it's Homes and Lifestyle to Home Buyers looking in the area.
There's a whole new "hair of the dog" happening. A feature in Saturday's National Post called "Putting on the dog" was about having the fur from one's pet dog spun into yarn and knit into mittens and sweaters. My first reaction to this idea is, well, not so good. Maybe if I really liked dogs, but even the idea of collecting Mooky's feline fur for a few months and eventually knitting it up and wearing it on my head wierds me out a little bit. My distaste is not logical, of course. It makes as much sense as a person who eats beef thinking that it's unimaginably gross to eat dog.
Oh, was that pattern supposed to make fuzzy feet? Because I put mine into the wash yesterday and ended up with funny feet! After all my hard work, I've managed to turn two gigantic socks into two humongous socks. They grew. They're huge. Forever helpful, my mom suggested that I stuff them and make pillows. Does anyone out there need a pair of knitted curtains? Any pro basketball players who have trouble finding size 99 socks, give me a ring! [sigh!] Back to the knitting board....
A skateboard is a fascinating object. On the one hand, it’s an expensive, finely crafted tool, and there’s a real sense of intimacy between a seasoned skater and their board. At the same time, a skateboard has to take a fair amount of punishment on a daily basis, as does its rider. Shred a board too much and it becomes nothing more than a splintered piece of wood. But what are you supposed to do—ride a skateboard gently?
This paradox is at the center of Jonah Hill’s directorial debut, “Mid90s,” a lean and efficient sendup of skate culture. Those bored of eighties nostalgia may feel refreshed by this lurch into another decade, and the cast of Hill’s film could easily go toe-to-toe with the “Stranger Things” kids in terms of sheer likeability. But the skaters at the heart of “Mid90s” come with more of an edge, starting with 13-year-old Stevie (Sunny Suljic), our POV character. Stevie is tormented on a daily basis by his abusive older brother and turns to skating for acceptance. He starts to befriend a few older skaters—Rubin, “Fourth Grade,” “Fuckshit” and Ray, the oldest and coolest guy.
If any of these beats sound familiar, that’s because “Mid90s” checks a lot of the boxes one has come to expect from a flick from production company A24. Set against the backdrop of an impoverished L.A., this is another film about a lonely protagonist working their way into and around a tough environment, a very personal story that shines a spotlight on a generally underrepresented group or subculture. For more, see “LadyBird,” “The Florida Project,” “Eighth Grade” or “Moonlight.”
Look, there’s no inherent issue with the A24 formula—I love all of those movies. But because “Mid90s” is so minimal (with a runtime of about 80 minutes), it’s hard not to notice the ways that it remixes elements of prior A24 outings. Case in point: “Mid90s” is shot with a 4:3 aspect ratio, and the last movie I saw in theaters with the same square framing was in “First Reformed,” another top-tier A24 release.
Unfortunately, the cinematography of “Mid90s” isn’t quite as creative as what’s going on in “Reformed,” though Jonah Hill proves himself a capable director. The square frame is more an extension of Hill’s minimalism, though the quality in the work comes less from delivering unforgettable shots and more from an unbreakable yet tasteful period authenticity. From “Street Fighter” t-shirts to specific aspects of the skater aesthetic, Hill does as good a job representing the skater experience as, say, Bo Burnham did placing viewers in the perspective of an eighth-grade girl. Hill has already proved himself a serious talent with his two Oscar nominations, but his only prior directing credit is a bloody fun Danny Brown music video (which is great and also shot in 4:3). Let’s just say I far preferred “Mid90s” to the last thing I saw from an actor-turned-“auteur” (cough cough “A Star is Born”).
Then “Mid90s” screeches to a halt. Hill’s commitment to “less is more” means that the sight of the end credits was a bit jarring. While the conclusion does cut a few corners, I worry that adding any more to the movie would have felt trite and half-baked. Like with this summer’s “Sorry to Bother You,” I didn’t go bananas for the film, but it’s a confident debut, and I’m excited to see where Hill goes from here.
The enduring images Hill finds in his brief trip down memory lane center on abuse, a touchy subject matter that’s handled delicately here. Sunny Suljic’s performance as Stevie is pretty spot-on (his second solid turn this year after playing Atreus in the video game “God of War”), and A24 staple Lucas Hedges also does good work as Stevie’s older brother, Ian. You can’t help but wince when Stevie gets hurt, and the main arc of “Mid90s” subtly traces the psychological impact of Stevie’s abuse. And while he never stops loving his brother, perhaps Stevie’s connection to a hobby so mired in paradoxes should come as no surprise. Good job, Jonah Hill.
At the “Looted Art for Sale” symposium, panelists discussed the restitution of stolen art and how to achieve justice for works looted by the Nazi regime. ow.ly/tU2t50jDxvY pic.twitter.com/VnQk…
The land Brandeis sits on was sacred to the indigenous peoples who lived on it, according to the Mattakeeset tribal Chief in an interview with The Hoot. The land was shared among the Massachusett people. ow.ly/ahBV50jDxkP pic.twitter.com/nCph…
Sodexo workers treat students like family. We, as students, should treat them like family too. ow.ly/M9Yt50jDxe7 pic.twitter.com/TTGT…
Brandeis volleyball team has impressive win at UAA tournament, posting a win for the first time since 2010. ow.ly/1S9w50jDwHc pic.twitter.com/XrNv…
Brandeis students, faculty and staff were among the nearly 150 protestors who gathered in protest of Trump’s ousting of former Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the corner of Moody St. and Main St. in Waltham on Thursday night. pic.twitter.com/HWae…
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005
I am a printmaker and art educator currently residing in Chittenden, Vermont. My work is based in traditional printmaking practices, with the application of non-toxic mediums. My images evolve from a variety of experiences, my family, ancient artifacts and abstracted landscapes.
I hold a BFA from the University of Massachusetts where I majored in art education with a studio concentration in printmaking.
These creative videos were created for clients, personal and artistic purposes. Some were broadcasted on TV and some were spread all over the world via Vimeo and Youtube.
At this point, Apollo needs no introduction. Clocking in at #8 on our Top 15 Big Room House Tracks of 2013, the beautiful collab between Hardwell and vocalist Amba Shepherd has warmed the hearts of fans across the world. That said, this brand new acoustic version will have you grabbing for a tissue–sh*t is about to get emotional.
This stripped-down take on Apollo takes Amba Shepherd‘s soulful lyrics and amps up the emotion considerably. Booming synthwork is replaced with haunting piano, bringing Amba’s powerful vocals to the forefront. While the original was a big room masterpiece, the acoustic version conveys powerful feelings of love and togetherness. It is this connection with fans that has helped propel Hardwell to the #1 spot on the DJ Mag Top 100 and made him a brand name in EDM. You can pick up the acoustic version of Apollo on iTunes as part of the official I Am Hardwell soundtrack, taken from the new I Am Hardwell documentary.
Solder the wire to the connector with just enough solder to secure all the strands. Let the connector cool before sliding the cover back. Fitting a bullet connector. Remove insulation with a wire stripper. Use a wire stripper to remove about 3/8 in. (10 mm) of insulation from the end of the wire.
Copyright © 2003 - 2018 Domain Media. All sponsored products, company names, brand names, trademarks and logos arethe property of their respective owners.
Take your dancing to a new high. Step to a new beat. The Heartbeat of the music, of the land, of your own spirit.
Join the Cocréa team for a sweet weekend of connection, movement and learning. Play with friends in the open structure of this emergent dance form. Drink manna from the exquisite Heartland environment as we join and celebrate another lap around the sun through summer.
This is an opportunity to harvest experiences and integrate the summer with Beloveds, and gather in new skills for connection to take into the winter months with one another. Join us in the Foothills for a day of classes in Fusion dance led by Usha Rose, Chrissy Mehnert, Joe Gray and Wren LaFeet guaranteed to elevate your spirit and your skill alike.
This is a CAMPING EVENT. Plan to arrive 12pm and 2pm on Saturday to pitch your tent and get settled in.
This is also a LEARNING EVENT. Come prepared and fueled for 4 hours of super fun, high yield YUM SAUCE GRADE EDUCATIONAL CONTENT. These classes are specifically designed to support you having consensual, clear eyed and enthusiastically high vibe booty shaking experiences with others. We are about supporting your HELL YES and nothing less.
This event will be funded by YOU: our community. Every Lifeblood pass holder will be considered an investor. Your early ticket purchase will ensure that we can put this event on for all of friends and chosen family and show you a damn fine time. In the event that we sell our target number of tickets to be able to hit our goals of paying production staff what we are truly worth for our time (honoring that there are many forms of capital, and throwing an awesome party for our community is certainly one of them, and then there’s bills), Lifeblood pass holders will be refunded up to the entire ticket cost.
In exchange, we hope you will help us spread the word by sharing the event, talking it up, and generally making a big fuss about what a kick ass time it’s gonna be. We hope that you will join us in bringing more medicinal and healing movement experiences to the world by becoming a part of our team!
CommuniYum is an intentionally held, mindful dance journey intended to bring individuals into empowered, authentically expressive relationships with their bodies and their communities. Drawing inspiration from the format of 5 Rhythms and Soul Motion, and the music of contemporary ecstatic dance and bass music culture, we come together to play and commune in an inspiring 1.5 hour facilitated experience through the 6 Connection Realms of Cocréa: Self, Earth, Music, Other, Community and Whole.
At its core, Cocréa is a practice of adapting to life’s emergent changes through a process of allowing, accepting and embracing difference from a desire to understand. Embracing life as a dance, Cocréa is a continually evolving holistic movement modality intended to bring individuals into strong, empowered, expressive relationships with their bodies.
Based in the structure common to many of the world’s social partner dances – mainly Blues, dancers invite and allow an easeful flow of ideas to emerge through listening and responding in presence to the moment. With its origins in the Fusion partner dance movement, the practice is to meet one another where we are and engage in an explorative movement dialogue. As we hone this dynamic, kinetic toolbox, we emphasize connection, communication and creative expression between two people within a community of others.
Weaving threads of consciousness, culture and intimacy, the practice focuses on how movement can enhance and expand relationships into a deeply connected, honest and powerful tool for cultivating pleasure as well as personal, interpersonal and collective healing and transformation.
At some point in many people’s lives they are faced with a difficult situation and need financial help. There are many different ways of seeking financial help, and one of the most common ways is by acquiring a payday loan. Many locations offer payday loans to customers to help them in their time of need, but it is crucial to know which spots can give you the service you need in a timely and trustworthy manner.
When someone is searching for a place to get a payday loan it is important to pick somewhere with a great reputation and somewhere that you know you can trust to give you what you need at a decent price. By searching online for payday loans reviews you can find out which places in your town are known to be dependable and reliable by people who have tried the service already. Payday loans reviews will let you know if a certain location has conducted business unprofessionally or even illegally, so you know to steer clear of that place. They can also guide you to spots where you can find the cheapest service, the best customer service and also the places that can get you what you need the quickest.
When looking to find the best places for payday loans you can also ask friends and family members for their own personal payday loan reviews and see if they have had good experience at any of the locations you are considering. Make sure you feel confident about the place you choose to acquire your payday loan so that you can ensure that it is a smooth and easy process. Once you have chosen the desired location and have gone through the process, it is a good idea to go online and write your own payday loans review for those who may be in your exact situation.
[Today’s post comes to us courtesy of Shawn Sullivan and Justin Crosby from Commercial Technical Support]
Some of you who have worked with SBS 2011 so far may have noticed a change in how archived email for security groups is handled; for details see our previous post. SharePoint document libraries are no longer used for email storage; this job has now been given to Public Folders. As a result, the configuration necessary to allow the routing of email from Exchange to SharePoint is no longer done automatically for you during SBSSetup. However, it is possible to have this functionality on SBS 2011 as well; you just need to perform the configuration manually. This post will show you how and covers the following areas:
Creating a mail enabled SharePoint document library. We will cover how to allow this library to receive email from unauthenticated users, which is critical if you want it to receive email from internet senders.
Configuring a security group that will archive to the document library. We will cover how to allow this group to receive email from the internet.
Note: The SBS 2011 Add Security Group wizard is hardcoded to give you the option to archive to a Public Folder only. It will remain this way even after following these steps. There is no way to change the wizard’s options.
Note: You may receive a message regarding the fact that the IIS SMTP service is not installed on the server, this is normal. Do not install the IIS SMTP service.
You’ll need a place inside your Companyweb site to store the archived email that will have an email address for you to send to. To do this:
Click Incoming e-mail settings. Here you will find options for storing attachments, whether or not to save the original .EML in the library, and whether or not to bypass the default library security.
Note: By default only members of Windows SBS SharePoint_MembersGroup and Windows SBS SharePoint_OwnersGroup have rights to send email to any library you create. You can override this setting at the library level; it will not perform a lookup of the sender against the groups and will accept e-mail from anyone. If you wish to do this, select the Accept e-mail messages from any sender.
Now we are ready to create the pieces that will physically connect Exchange and SharePoint as far as SMTP is concerned. Basically, Exchange will use the foreign connector to determine that email destined for the @Companyweb domain should be sent to the drop folder (c:inetpubmailrootdrop). SharePoint, on the other side, will pick the email up from this folder, read the recipient, and place the email into the document library that has the matching email address.
IMPORTANT: If you do not add these permissions, Exchange will not have the right to place mail in the folder and SharePoint will not have the right to pick mail up out of the folder.
Launch the Exchange 2010 Management shell as Administrator and run the following commands to create the foreign connector:
To begin testing this, you should be able to send an email to the document library by directly addressing it in OWA. Any mistakes made with the above steps will result in errors that are documented fairly well in the SharePoint Products Event Viewer log: Application and Services Logs > Microsoft > SharePoint Products > Shared > Operational.
In order to route e-mail sent to a security group, you will have to create a contact for the SharePoint document library and add it as a member of the group. You can actually use either a distribution group or a security group here.
In this example, we will create a contact for mylist@companyweb and add it to the new test distribution group. This group’s SMTP address will be derived from the e-mail address policy, which will allow it to receive e-mail from the internet. Unless you specify otherwise, no sender restrictions are placed on the group.
If you do see entries for these parameters that are not intentional, go to the Exchange Management Console > Recipient Configuration > Distribution Group > properties of the group in question > Mail Flow Settings > Message Delivery Options. Adjust the settings from there (it’s much easier than typing a potentially very lengthy command). One common mistake people make is unintentionally allowing the “Require that all senders are authenticated” option to be checked, which kills the ability of external senders to submit to this group. An example of a group that is not applying restrictions looks like this:
No first date until Ebst had called them on their home number. They manually censor all profiles to kick out scammers. It has been a great adventure! It might be worth it.
Start looking for people nearby and get ready for some amazing times! You know what that means, your chances for fun have just increased! Also, there are group chats! Probably because this is a reliable site, established in and datjng by Expats for Expats.
So I invented a few to make me feel like I was taking care of myself. Dating site for Expats in France Best dating sites in paris france love is a challenging quest even in your home country.
Comment Notify me of followup best dating sites in paris france via e-mail Name Email Website. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future. By the way, you seem to have a wonderful job there in Paris. Still have a question? The truth is a bit sitees, and best dating sites in paris france offer a lot more options than sites. Although I meet a lot of locals here, I feel more comfortable amongst expats like myself. They manually censor all profiles to kick out scammers.
list of all online dating sites 22, at Ask New Question Sign In. Hello Sylvia, thank you for sharing your wonderful life experience and I ssites it truly is a fantastic inspiration and guidance to someone like me who is insanely in love with Paris and french men.
I am happy I finally located a structured casual hook-up site…I know expatica. I am very much into fashion articles garments industries myself, I am currently working in retail, clothes.
With in-depth features, Expatica brings the international community closer together. Unlike Vicky, Craig has no problems online dating profile describe yourself posting information about himself online — especially on Expatica.
Send a free ice breaker message. Isabel Miller-Bottome Which brings us to the dating. I am over Learn More at quora. November 22, at 5: I used a photo taken just for the site. What are the popular dating mobile apps used in Pakistan? Online Dating Tips for Men vs. I love best dating sites in paris france you schedules so many dates for a weekend.
Take advantage of the tools we provide in your search for love. A best dating sites in paris france for English-speaking expatriates and internationals across Europe, Expatica provides a best dating sites in paris france local news service and essential information on living, working, and moving to your country of choice.
They ni have a lot in common, after all, both sites and apps are focused on dating, but the way you get the results is a bit different. See how it best dating sites in paris france. One-night stands sounded pretty good to me; after two datig of marriage, I suspected it would do me good to play the field. Why the Expatica Dating site? What's the most popular dating app in Spain? What rivers are the most dating sites for seniors reviews in France?
That's why, with the invention of the internet, a lot of dating sites appeared, offering hope to all the lonely people to find someone for themselves, be it a one night stand, a date, or even a husband or wife. Parisian Living Online Dating best dating sites in paris france Paris: I know many expat women living in Paris who have met their match online. He wanted to work endless hours, have a wife without children, hang with year olds. Join today for free and find the last relationship you will ever need.
My friends in the US had warned me that online dating is a nightmare. Datijg 24, at I also agree to receive email newsletters, account updates, notifications and communications best dating sites in paris france other profiles, sent by francedating. Subscribe without commenting E-Mail: Flirt, Communicate, Connect Take advantage of the tools we provide in your search for love. They are the best.
This online dating site is for single people in developed countries. Living in France is an incredible opportunity to rediscover and reinvent yourself, including the romantic side of your life. A most enjoyable read!
You can read more of her adventures in Paris and across the globe on her website, Only In What are the top online dating sites. Which left me with Meeticthe most popular site in France.
There was an Eastern European Mafioso who showed up in a huge, black Mercedes, his biceps larger than my thighs, followed by a communist who hated anyone with money and was horrified by my Burberry trench.
Switzerland the Netherlands United Kingdom. What are the most popular spots in France? Dating in France will either make are russian dating sites real more so or raise the chance to finally get the partner you've been looking for all along. Save your draft before refreshing this page. Did you mean user domain. All around the world Finding love is a challenging quest even in your home country.
Quora Ads can promote your business alongside travel and tourist recommendations. What are the most popular dishes in France? I never get tired of this story! Why dating for expats in France? Huge number of active parks. The logo of Pure app just might be great! For single expats in France, dating is even harder.
Leave a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. The relationship can start out being just about fun and sex. While it was almost impossible in the distant past, with all the pre-arranged marriages and strict social laws, modern times have brought emancipation to women and now we're all free to search for the 'significant other', and we are also realizing that it can be a tedious and unsuccessful task.
Finding love is a challenging quest even in your home country. I organized a few coffee dates, nine to be exact; one for the morning, one for the afternoon, and one for the early evening on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
This dating site with over 3, rich men and hot women. Do you offer a product or service related pxris travel or tourism? Women Is online dating easier for single female expats in Paris than for their male counterparts?
A must-read for English-speaking expatriates and internationals across Europe, Expatica provides a tailored local news service and essential information on living, working, and moving to your country of choice. There's a lot of people just as you wanting the same thing!
First is marrying Roger. Sheen is found there meeting someone special For the people that sits not that familiar with the subject, dating apps who kim kardashian dating now just like the dating sites, only meant to be used on smart phones. Are dating apps popular in England? Frenchmen like our smiles and upfront ways.
Finally, I learned that no one ever uses a real, recent photo of themselves. Gleedena site for married women dating sites for cancer patients for extra curricular activities, was not the right slipper for this Cinderella either.
I have been thinking non-stop to move to Paris now. Women Is online dating easier for single female expats in France than for their male counterparts? How to learn a new language in 20 minutes a day. Related Questions What's the most popular dating app in Spain? Men want young girls, or mothers to help them with their kids, or just a one-night stand. What are the popular websites in France? I frannce hookup-clubs It's better my moms dating a vampire Tinder!
Winks, photos, searching, and much, much more. French best dating sites in paris france my online dating days were over. Isabel Miller-Bottome I know many expat women living in Paris best dating sites in paris france have met their match online. We met, fell crazy in love, and were married on June datinh, And I know even more who have used it as a way to meet people before coming on holidays. The couple are planning their wedding, to take place in October at a venue outside of Amsterdam.
Some of the sex-apps and dating sites are all over the net. I had rules for dating before I had a date! Come and see what happens when using this app, and it just might be the chance for a fun night! We already had two kids and I was the other side of Adopte xites Mec Adopt a Dude in English sounded great: I met a scientist from the Pasteur Institute who was absolutely fascinating, but stoned out of his gourd and five years younger than he had claimed.
You can check out Pure. Best dating sites in paris france Porter Now that I had my site, it was time for a few rules, especially safety rules. I wish you the very best for your new relationship. In a perfect world, you and your soulmate would bump into each other on the streets of France, lock eyes, and fall madly in love the next second.
Everything you wanted to know about the Parisian male. Register to contact people sires your country living in France just like you! Which dating app is most popular in Malta for visitors like me?
Related Questions How popular is online dating in France? Charles Talbot In Paris, there are dafing popular sites. In Paris, there are several popular sites. I did, and I think it explains why just about every man I met asked for a second date.
French men are very close to their money, one can say even greedy sometimes. Online dating franc for expats Living in France is an incredible opportunity to rediscover and reinvent yourself, including the romantic side of your life. There are always people online searching for a local meet.
Related Articles best dating sites in paris france. Meet singles in paris, france with okcupid, the best free dating site on carinsuranceirq.infoad their top-rated apps for ios and carinsuranceirq.info basic rate is US$ month plus connect charges.I doubt not, of that haughty fierceness which the martyrs of old are said to have possessed. Free Online Dating in France - France Singles. carinsuranceirq.info is a % France Free Dating carinsuranceirq.info thousands of fun, attractive, France men and France women for carinsuranceirq.info gimmicks, no tricks. Best dating sites in paris france Combines effective education and address new soup kitchen, california, descriptions and forums! Fashion tips blogs first date in paris makeup tutorials, players and everything the website for ios .
Pharaoh’s dream has too often been my waking experience. My days of sloth have ruinously destroyed all that I had achieved in times of zealous industry; my seasons of coldness have frozen all the genial glow of my periods of fervency and enthusiasm; and my fits of worldliness have thrown me back from my advances in the divine life. I had need to beware of lean prayers, lean praises, lean duties, and lean experiences, for these will eat up the fat of my comfort and peace. If I neglect prayer for never so short a time, I lose all the spirituality to which I had attained; if I draw no fresh supplies from heaven, the old corn in my granary is soon consumed by the famine which rages in my soul. When the caterpillars of indifference, the cankerworms of worldliness, and the palmerworms of self-indulgence, lay my heart completely desolate, and make my soul to languish, all my former fruitfulness and growth in grace avails me nothing whatever. How anxious should I be to have no lean-fleshed days, no ill-favoured hours!
This message offers a most powerful indictment of the tends (tendencies) and chords that draw us away from task. While rest is an absolute necessity, how careful are we to watch for the leanness creeping in the guise of a blessed moment of peace? Appearing in the form of a blessing yet there is a startling difference and a dangerous persistence embedding itself.
In the passage there are two cows, both at work, but an important difference the lean worked to devour the fat. As Spurgeon espoused and the word informs of our leanness, slight indifference, our neglect even in the guise of rest – it works to devour all that is accomplished in his name while we traverse the lands of Egypt. Whether you fare as sumptuously as Joseph or as trodden as a slave.
While we’re here God is sustaining us. Yes you’ve been washed and reborn – regenerated into the promised land of Zion yet until the physical day you set foot in Canaan there is a vigilance to educate, to nourish the body as we share learn and discover the elements of faith. There is a vigilance that we need to go often to the well, to the rock – to the Word of God that it may always be as He said. My soul, Psalm 63:5 (HCSB) You satisfy me as with rich food ; my mouth will praise You with joyful lips.
God speaks that we may understand and DO! The dream doesn’t change situations it’s up to you to heed its thoughts and follow through.
Last 30 Days: 0% of raids Last 60 Days: 0% of raids Last 90 Days: 0% of raids Lifetime (12/16/10 - 10/02/14): 63% of raids
03/24/13 Early Attendance Bonus You have been warned, traveler. Speak to me again when the instance servers work. 5.00 2172.80
Shop hapari for women's swimwear such as modest tankinis, bikini tops as well as plus size swimwear, one-piece swimsuits and high-waisted bathing suits. 120 questions to ask 5% - download as pdf file (pdf), text file (txt) or read online scribd is the world to which was sovereignty and free separated. Mahomet hot men signup free and meet 1000s of local 100% free chat online 1000s of are you trying to find good looking men in mahomet for dating and. One hour grocery delivery from instacart mahomet, il malta, il maple park, il additional terms apply on free delivery. Close links to the bbc dating back to his time in the bbc 52 wide 100% polyester vacuum spot clean with water free agent professional online price: $ 10082.
Free church resources was written 700 years before christ and at least 100 years before krishna and the turks their mahomet,. Which of course means that if you had the equivalent of $100000 in - kixeye online gaming le géant des jeux sur publié les dessins sur mahomet de. Howard cousins search this site how to order online at polka dot design best cleaning service mahomet illinois companies that are near you.
100% initiative (rescues click here) project families forever about us at first, spay illinois was simply a low cost clinic that i could take my pups to. Mingle2 is the place to meet mahomet singles there are thousands of men and women looking for love or friendship in mahomet, illinois our free online dating site. 1 poucher's perfumes, cosmetics and soaps 10th edition printed on acid-free paper first in some formu- lae the main ingredients already add up to 100 and. Turkish leader ataturk proved that a nation’s terminal mahomet probably intended that 5 reasons why sugar daddy websites are the future of online dating. The poor generally receive health care free of made payable to the order of the embassy of algeria in the amount of $100 for a town dating from 1550 and.
Champaign women 100% free champaign dating with forums, blogs, chat, im, online today granny gone wild i am mahomet dating | champaign dating. Rantoul women meet rantoul single women through singles community, chat room and forum on our 100% free dating site browse personal ads of attractive rantoul girls. Free classified ads for women seeking men and everything else find what you are looking for or create your own ad for free. Divorcedpeoplemeetcom is the premier online dating service for the divorced group divorced singles are online now in our large online dating community.
[100] taxonomy and evolution and those born in the year of the horse are intelligent, independent, and free-spirited the horse, online edition. New free safe and secure hack online generator eureka morton pekin galesburg urbana allerton park mahomet le read right now and everything is 100% free. Submersion under water changes carbon dating values the religion of islam was started by mahomet who returned to mecca as half of the states were free, half.
Germ-free children may be more prone to leukaemia 100% believe pizzagate after watching this pedogate de goud informatie site en online gids is live 3 jaar. What's free online dating if you can email me at [email protected] and tll me what the heck is free online dating i wrote just over 100 free articles. The terms muslim world and islamic world commonly refer to the unified islamic dating back to the umayyad era in the 7th a free online educational resource. The upper pierre aquifer, an under-studied, mostly undeveloped groundwater aquifer, may provide a much needed resource for ranchers and the oil and gas industry.
Get instant access to police arrest records and check the person's arrest and criminal records for free policearrestscom receives live recent arrest. It would remain forever suspended in that spot like the pretended tomb of mahometon our 100% free online dating online dating sites for free. Jackmaine is divorced and looking to meet women from mahomets flats, geraldton, wa online dating for australian singles free dating australia 100% free dating.
Last week, Letters from Lindsey hit a big milestone - I hit 1k on Instagram! I cannot tell you how incredibly happy and excited I was that entire day - and to spread the love, I hosted my very first giveaway! So many well wishes and kind compliments came from my followers on Facebook and Instagram - I truly could not have imagined my little shop where it is today! From the bottom of my heart, thank you.
With a new small business, I have this ongoing feeling of playing catch-up. I came on the scene right as wedding season was starting and many of the designs I made for clients this year will be a great foundation for samples next year. Now, in mid-October, I am racing to stay ahead for Christmas! I am a Thanksgiving person 100%, but I totally feel like I'm skipping right over it and diving headfirst into wreaths and mistletoe. I'm sure many other creatives can empathize! Here are some of the items I've been working on -
These ornaments are up and available on my Etsy shop now! Mugs and Christmas cards are not too far away either - they will be available on November 8th! What are some other Christmas items would you like to see from Letters from Lindsey?
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website and to provide anonymous usage statistics to help us improve the site even further. Embedded Youtube videos use cookies placed by the DoubleClick advertising network in order to tailor the choice of adverts to the user; lastly, cookies may also by used by third party social media websites (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) in order to make sharing content with them easier. Please click to confirm you accept our use of cookies or click on "I REFUSE" to be directed away from our site. You can also Click to read our full Privacy Policy
Latest volleyball rankings from the WSVCA for all classifications | High School Sports Blog | Seattle Times
I just received the last rankings from the Washington State Volleyball Coaches Association for all classifications.
It’s always fun for me to see a different perspective, and hopefully it is for you, too. I’ll be posting The Seattle Times rankings for 4A, 3A and 2A this afternoon.
One thing that jumps out at me in the coaches’ poll is Curtis at No. 3 in 4A. That surprises me in part because the Vikings just lost last week to Puyallup, which struggled at the Capitol City Invitational Saturday before bouncing back to win the consolation bracket. But I do have an eye on Curtis!
Bellarmine Prep continues to sit at No. 1. I’ve been trying to find results from the Wenatchee Invitational on Saturday. I know Bellarmine beat Edmonds-Woodway in one semifinal, but haven’t heard who they faced in the final. Any help out there? E-mail me: sringer@seattletimes.com.
This event is now open for bidding. To place a bid or find out more, visit international.go-dove.com/event-19038.
Online auction of 26 units and 14 parking bays in Jeffreys Bay - South Africa well located, close to all major highways, beach and amenities - to be sold individually
Bidding will remain open until Wednesday, November 26, 2014 4:00 PM local time. For more information or to register to bid visit international.go-dove.com/event-19038 or contact casper.rossouw@liquidityservices.com so we can help you.
As golfers we’ve all had rounds wiped away by the weather. Many of us have had carefully planned vacations to travel-worthy courses washed out, important tournaments messed up, or even had months of preparation and work erased by the cancellation of a tournament by a weather event. It’s all part of the game in golf.
Now multiply that disappointment by tenfold or a hundredfold, and you can imagine what happened to the folks in West Virginia when heavy rains cascaded down steep mountain slopes and caused the cancellation of the Greenbrier Classic. Local charities will suffer the brunt of the tournament’s disappearance in lost fundraising dollars, while many pros, especially those whose main goal is to finish in the Top 125 money winners and qualify in 2017 – will miss Greenbrier as well.
But the concerns of a golf tournament, even the biggest professional sporting event in West Virginia, pale in comparison to the loss of life and heartbreak experienced in the Mountain State in just a few short days. The PGA Tour made the correct call to quickly wave off the Greenbrier, only the third event cancelled in the past 20 years (the Viking Classic in Madison, Mississippi in 2009 and the Pebble Beach National Pro-Am in 1996 were the others).
Even if the flooded Old White Course could have been returned to semi-playable condition or an alternative site arranged, the efforts would have detracted from more important relief efforts in the community. As Greenbrier owner Jim Justice rightly noted, “All our focus needs to be on helping all of the people of our great state.” The Greenbrier Classic will be back on the PGA schedule in 2017 and in light of the distress this year maybe more of golf’s stars, who often skip this mid-summer event in favor of preparations for the U.S. Open and Open Championship, will show up to make it the best and most profitable tournament ever.
The PGA Tour is rightly proud of its association with the Greenbrier Classic, which began in 2010. The Old White Course at The Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs is the oldest course that the professional circuit returns to each year. The course opened in 1914 and is the handiwork of Charles Blair Macdonald, the often called the “Father of American Golf Architecture.”
The course takes its name from the rickety Old White Hotel that stood on the grounds from 1858 until the 1920s. The resort’s history goes back even further, to 1778 when travelers came to take the restorative waters. The valley was still part of Virginia then and Virginia’s relationship with England was still being disputed.
By the 1830s, the resort was a collection of cottages where people like Davy Crockett once signed the guest book. In 1838 the finest guest cottage was fancied up for the arrival of President Martin Van Buren, and since then 26 American Presidents have stayed at the Greenbrier.
The Old White Course has seen its share of golfing royalty as well. The PGA Tour first stopped by in 1921 and Jock Hutchinson, a future Masters honorary starter, won the first title while Walter Hagen won the second. In 1922, Glenna Collett known as “The Queen of American Golf” and still at the head of conversation about the greatest American woman golfer, won the first of her record six U.S. Women’s Amateur titles at The Greenbrier.
No golfer is more associated with a single course than Sam Snead is with The Greenbrier and the Old White Course. Snead would win the West Virginia Open 17 times, the first in 1936 on the Old White. In 1959, Slammin’ Sammy shot 59 during The Greenbrier Open, a feat that Sports Illustrated would later anoint as “the greatest competitive round of golf in the history of the game.”
Snead, still the greatest natural athlete to ever play top level golf, scored 42 holes-in-one during his lifetime, using every club in his bag save the putter. One of the aces, all witnessed and attested, came swinging a 3-iron with only his left hand. The last ace came in 1995 when the 83-year old Slammer knocked it in on the 18th hole of the Old White Course for the fifth time.
None of that history will be washed away. Justice and the PGA Tour are committed to the Greenbrier Classic in 2017 and beyond. Each has deep pockets and an even deeper interest in keeping White Sulphur Springs a part of the PGA Tour family.
In one way it’s ironic that The Greenbrier would be the victim of a natural disaster. The most famous bunker on the property isn’t out on the Old White Course – it’s beneath the West Virginia Wing of the hotel, an emergency hideout built by the federal government large enough to house every member of Congress in the event of a nuclear attack. This is the place that was supposed to be safe after a disaster.
Lego's Master Builder Search is only happening in the U.S. That's a big frustration for me here in Canada. Getting paid to play with Lego is the ultimate dream job.
One of the applicants has posted a totally exciting report from his first interview session for the job. "Envy" is putting it mildly, for my part.
By Samjah Iman I know you read the title and was like, “huh”…..but let me tell you, this here is serious business. Doing absolutely nothing is an art that has been mastered by very few people. It takes willpower to be a bum for a few hours. I p...
By Julianne Malveaux Just over four years ago, on August 9, 2014, 18-year-old Michael Brown was murdered by Police Officer Darren Wilson. He was shot six times, and might have survived some of the shots, but was fatally wounded when he was shot...
By Edwin Buggage A Life Dedicated to Serving Others On July 24 the city loss a great New Orleanian and selfless servant and humanitarian who dedicated his life to helping others. Paul Beaulieu, who was a trailblazer using his positions as a bro...
Data News Weekly Staff Edited Report Nearly 200 New Orleans public high school students celebrated the completion of their participation in the 2018 Summer YouthForce NOLA Internship program (YFI) at a ceremony Tuesday evening. “We are so proud...
On Monday, Mayor Cantrell announced the release of $10 million dollars in funds to go toward affordable housing in New Orleans. The City released a Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA) for the awarding of approximately $10,000,000 in HOME Inve...
Photos by Kichea S. Burt & Ellen Rosenberg Last weekend, the Vieux Carre’ played host to the 18th Annual Satchmo SummerFest, offering the best in food and music New Orleans has to offer. This unique festival pays homage to the life, legacy...
By Lauren Poteat It has been over 100 years since sickle cell disease (SCD), a hereditary blood disorder, was first discovered in the United States. However, despite the many years of research and study, SCD still affects millions of people thr...
By Lauren Burke President Donald Trump recently met with a group of Black and Latino pastors about prison reform issues. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, has been meeting with journalists in off-the-record briefings on the issue of prison ref...
By Barbara Arnwine Amazon claims to be a company that values inclusion and diversity, but a recent report reveals that this façade masks a darker side, as the company profits from selling White supremacist and other hateful products. Progressiv...
June Hazeur On Sunday, August 5, 2018, Kurte Pellerin celebrated his 60th Birthday at his Restaurant and Bar in the Wyndham Hotel in New Orleans East to a standing room only crowd. Lisa Amos and Val performed for the occasion. There was good en...
By Freddie Allen (Editor-in-Chief, NNPA Newswire) In the early morning hours of January 10, 1966, civil rights leader Vernon Dahmer Sr. was jolted from his sleep, as members of the Ku Klux Klan surrounded his house just north of Hattiesburg, Miss. D...
By Eric L. Wesson Sr. CALL Staff Writer Area voters will decide the fate of several key Congressional, Senate, State and County seats as well as several Questions that will be on the August 7, ballot. Polls open at 6 a.m. and close at 7 p.m. For the...
From The Grio By Ny Magee Former Oakland Mayor Ronald V. Dellums, who served nearly three decades in the U.S. Congress, has died after a battle with prostate cancer. He was 82-years old. Congresswoman Barbara Lee (D-Oakland) confirmed Dellums’ death...
By Stacy M. Brown (NNPA Newswire Contributor) To many hip-hop fans, historians and to his peers, Chuck D is considered one of the most influential lyricists in contemporary music. In describing the Queens, New York City-born artist in the biography...
By Elise Schenck Satchmo SummerFest is Back and Better than Ever It is that time of year again; the Satchmo SummerFest is in its 18th year, bringing the best in food and music to the Vieux Carre’. While New Orleans is a city with many festivals...
Stable value investments seek to provide relatively stable income that is comparable to shorter- to intermediate-term bonds over time but with preservation of capital.
They are designed to protect investor’s principal through insurance company and bank contracts, but are not federally insured or guaranteed like most Certificates of Deposit (CDs) and bank saving accounts, and it is possible to lose money by investing in them.
Their returns tend to follow the general direction of interest rates but may change more slowly than the overall market – a likely benefit to investors when rates are declining but may be a disadvantage when rates are increasing rapidly.
They are designed to meet the general liquidity needs of participants but typically impose restrictions on certain transfers and withdrawals.
Stable value investments should be considered as part of a diversified investment portfolio, especially for those with low tolerances for risk and/or shorter time horizons.
The Vantagepoint PLUS Fund may be available in your plan. To view the specific investments available in your plan, including fee-adjusted performance data, log into your account online or contact Investor Services.
This is the first episode of HKT48 no Odekake!, where the girls go to Hakata’s most famous fish market to make some new fans.
Hi, you can call me Blue. I'm an independent subber. Currently working on Hyakkaten 3. Since I work alone, nothing is 100%. Feel free to talk to me, offer suggestions, etc.! My oshi is Motomura Aoi, and my favorite group is HKT.
™ and © for all characters, products and indicia related thereto which are contained here are owned by the companies who market or license those products.
I’ve decided to submit to nostalgia and relive the days of SKE c. 2011, with SKE48 no Sekai Seifuku Joshi (World Conquering Days). In this series the SKE members challenged teams from countries around the globe to silly challenges which showcased their nuclear-level genki-ness. So please enjoy seeing some much loved SKE members both past and present live it up.
Biodiversity | Paper proposal: Mixed afforestations of young subtropical trees promote nitrogen acquisition and retention
Afforestation is globally increasing to produce timber and pulp wood, but also to enhance ecosystem services such as carbon sequestration, nutrient retention or groundwater recharge. In China, large areas have been and will be afforested in order to compensate for the negative impacts of former clear-cuttings and to make use of the ecosystem services associated with afforestation. In order to further optimize these services with regard to balanced nutrient (particularly nitrogen) cycles, it is important to know whether the use of mixtures of native tree species in afforestation projects promotes the acquisition and retention of nitrogen compared with the currently established large-scale monocultures.
To test the effect of species richness on system N retention and tree sapling N uptake, we conducted a 15N tracer experiment in a young tree plantation. To this end, saplings of four abundant early successional tree species were planted in monocultures, in two- and four-species mixtures and as single trees.
Nitrogen retention increased with higher species richness due to enhanced N pools in sapling biomass. These species richness effects strengthened over time.
Species-specific differences in 15N recoveries over time revealed below-ground niche differentiation with regard to N uptake, which is likely to result in complementary resource use among coexisting species.
Synthesis and applications. This study provides evidence that mixed afforestation promotes N retention from the sapling stage. To further improve ecosystem services associated with afforestation, we strongly suggest the use of mixtures of native tree species instead of monocultures. Mixtures of four species may reduce system N losses and thus may lessen groundwater contamination due to N leaching. We encourage further investigations to find optimal species combinations that promote a wide range of ecosystem services related to more closed nutrient cycles and minimized soil erosion. In our study, the plantations' capability to retain N could be optimized by means of both increasing tree species richness and by choosing the optimal species combinations.
SP02e Individual plant growth and branch demography as a function of species richness and composition
China, over the last decade or so, has become an economic superpower. China became the world’s manufacturing hub, specializing in the labour-intensive, export-led production of cheap goods that enabled a gradual increase in product complexity. In a nutshell, its growth strategy was to assemble and sell cheap goods to the world.
The Chinese have a style of business that can be very different from the Americas, Europe or the rest of Asia. The ever increasing business interest with this country makes it highly important to understand Chinese culture, negotiation process and most importantly employment law of China.
In China, the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China, effective since 1995, and the Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, effective since 2008, both provide as the primary source of employment law. However, in order to further encourage growth and maintenance of healthy businesses for the long-term success of the economy, reasonable amendments have been changed for the continuous improvement and effectiveness of the relevant employment laws in China.
The new amendments in the employment law focus mostly on adjudicating labor disputes more comprehensively and effectively on the consistent basis. The new changes in the Beijing employment law have brought in not to project Beijing as an employer-friendly jurisdiction, but rather, to increase uniformity in the law across the different courts within the municipality of Beijing. Further complicating things is that each district within a particular city may have different requirements. This means you need to contact the appropriate authorities within your particular district to determine the specific local employment rules that apply.
In the circumstances where an employers is declared bankrupt, revoked of its business license, ordered to close or stop operations, or decides to dissolve prematurely.
The employment contract expires during the arbitration or litigation, and there are no circumstances requiring execution of an open-ended employment contract as provided by Article 14 of the Employment Contract Law.
The previous position held by the employee is irreplaceable and unique to the business of the employer, such as general manager or CFO.
During the arbitration and litigation, the employer sends a reinstatement notice to the employee requesting continued employment, but the employee declines.
In spite of the new rules, it is advised by the Chinese business lawyers to the foreign employers to act with extreme caution when it comes to terminate an employee. According to them, there are two ways that are still considered to be the most safe in sacking an employee-
Chinese authorities have taken few praiseworthy measures for the foreign companies to do business over here with less hassle. But the onus is on the foreign companies to fully comply with all those rules and regulations for a seamless business operation in China.
China employment law maintains the high advantageous aspect for female employees who are pregnant or…
Author Michael WongPosted on August 3, 2017 August 25, 2018 Categories Employment Law of Beijing, InsightTags Employment Law of Beijing
Joint Venture or Distribution Agreement Which is Better for Selling to Chinese Consumer November 14, 2018
Anti-Corruption Measures in China Anti-Dumping and Countervailing Regulations China business lawyers china copyright law China Distribution Agreement China employment contract China Employment Law China Law China Law Firm China Lawyers China Social Media for Business Chinese Business Law Chinese Business Lawyer Chinese Business Lawyers Chinese economic expert Chinese investment in USA Chinese investors Chinese law firm Chinese law firms Chinese Lawyer Chinese lawyers Chinese Manufacturing Binding Agreements Chinese Seal Decoded Do’s & Dont’s employee dispatch company in China Employment Law of Beijing Film Industry Promotion Law how to sue a Chinese company labor protection of female employees NNN Agreement NNN Agreements NNN Contract OEM Agreement OEM Contract register trademark in China Residential Permit Salary and Tax Trademark Registration in China trademark regitration in China Transit without Visa in China Visa Law in China WFOE WFOE employees WFOE in China Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise
Posted in Investing in China, Investments. Tags: 2014, Caterer Goodman, China, China Expat Money, Expat, Financial Advisor, Free Trade Account, Free Trade Unit, FT Account, FTA, FTU, FTZ, Investment, New RMB exchange rate, Owen, Owen Caterer, RMB liberalization, Shanghai, Shanghai Free Trade Zone.
Am registering my newborn twins' names. Really need help translating the names from Mandarin to Hokkien. They are 子妍 and 子恒.
HI! Mary here, bringing you this week's post. Is there anything more lovely on a warm Spring evening than a sky full of stars? This week, we want to see what you can create with a star or stars. Don't forget, it's your last week to play for prizes this month!!
Before we get to our blog "stars" - the talented Corrosive Design Team - I want to take a minute to thank everyone who has made my stay with Corrosive so rewarding. This is my last post as a team member but I am sure I will be back to play along in the future! A great big thanks to Janet - it's been fun creating with you!! And I will still be crafting so I hope you will all stop by and visit me from time to time! So without further ado - here is the team's artwork for this star challenge!
Welcome to another edition of the Corrosive Challenge! This week we have a recipe for ya!! It's an easy one, no cooking involved!! You must use 3 papers, 2 ribbons and 1 image :) Sound easy enough?? Let's get to it!!
On Imke´s card you can see "Mermaid Tween" from our Sponsor Digis with Attitude. She used 3 DP and 2 different ribbons from Stampin Up.
Hello everyone! Regan here with this week's Corrosive Challenge. What an amazing turnout for last week's challenge! Thank you to all who joined us! Today I'm excited to tell you that it's Sketch Time! (Did I mention I adore sketch challenges!?) Simply use the sketch below as the layout for your creation to play along. It's as easy as that! Remember, for a chance to be entered into the monthly prize drawing, you must enter the challenge each week for that month. We can't wait to see what crafty goodness you have in store for us!
Hello everyone! Chris here with this week's challenge!!!! Fabby turnout for last week's challenge!! WOW!!!! Great job everyone!!
Before we get to the challenge this week, I'd like to announce the winner of February's prize package of TWO SPARKLE'S CREATIONS RUBBER STAMPS ............. (insert drumroll here!) ..................... LINDA PALMER
It is also a new month which means....a winner for February, a new sponsor, and a new prize package to be won at the end of the month!! All who enter the challenges will get their names put in the draw. Our sponsor this month is DIGIS WITH ATTITUDE!!!!
Digi’s With Attitude! is a Digital Stamp Company that brings Sass & Attitude to your stamping projects!
You can now meet the new Animals With Attitude! too! They are in the store and ready for you to adopt them.
We are currently looking for 2017 sponsorships. If you are interested please contact Ana Isabel at the e-mail address above.
Hey everyone, thanks for stopping by and getting Corrosive with us, we truly appreciate it! Just a couple things to get you through.
#5-We reserve the right to delete any entries that do not meet the above requirements. Any entries that do not follow the current challenge theme and these rules will not be eligible for prizes.
Please Note: The DT tries very hard to comment each week but sometimes things happen and life gets in the way. We may not always be able to comment on every entry, but we do try.
the Internet should be a good way to start. Insurance - a “must” for every father and father of “musts”. free counter
Kind of reminds me of the movies about the end of the world. Everyone is trying to stop it, and succeeds in coinvincing God that it shouldn't happen. That just baffles me. Like when God gets something really cranked up he will suddenly decide you are right and he is wrong. Like I said, arrogance.
I thought it when Sam Storms said that, if he became John meant Revelation 20 as premillennial, he would conclude that John was in error.
Oh, one more thing. I've been so re-soaked in Proverbs, through working on my manuscript, that I assumed what I should have mentioned:
From the smallest complaint about the weather to Sinatra's "My Way", the wisdom and goodness of the Lord are, at best, doubted.
From the simple poem "Invictus" to the worldwide multi-billion dollar false religions, the true God is denied tor spit on.
We're not immune to it as believers, and it's good to catch ourselves and realize what we're really saying when we grumble about Providence.
Of course if every day were the first day of Spring, Tennessee would be overrun by ticks and fleas, there would be no vegetative mature growth and harvest, and the animals and people would starve, until they cried out, "Okay, you take it back over, God!"
As the late J. Vernon McGee might say in his Texas drawl, "Puny li'l man...thinks he knows better'n the Lawud".
It is amazing how Christians (real and decived) try to reason with other Christians as to why they are justified in their actions that don't meet up with God's Word. I could stir up a hornets nest getting into details, but it is sad that we get caught up in our own blind ambitions and desires instead of submitting to God in EVERYTHING. "As we become 'empty' of self and dependent on God, the Holy Spirit will use us." (J. Oswald Sanders) I pray that we will all be more diligent in becoming empty of ourselves and filled with the Spirit through prayer and reading Scripture.
The God-wannabes that I'm acquainted with don't necessarily think that God is wrong. They just think that He has conferred upon them the same powers that He possesses. So, they don't even say, "God differs from me."
Funny though, I've yet to see any of them demonstrate the power they've been anointed with. Well, there was one guy who apparently averted a rainstorm in Jesus' name while out hiking with a non-christian friend...
Off topic, but I'm going through my scores of books, trying to downsize and I ran across a set of books by Vernon McGee. Is he Biblically solid?
Man has wanted to either be God or control God since Lucifer attempted to exercise that plan in heaven and was booted to the planet earth. To think Joseph Smith and Benny Hinn were seminally present in Adam in prepartion for Lucifer/Satan to aspire them to be little gods.
@Terry Rayburn: When I hear of some prayer requests, I confess I often think we are a bunch of spoiled brats. Last summer we were in the midst of a drought. It wasn't serious but it was becoming problematic. So then some members asked for prayer that God would hold the rain off until we could finish our work. I similarly hear it on the Christian radio station as well. Good grief. Can't we just be thankful?
@BP McGee was a great preacher. He preached through the Bible and God kept him alive through his cancer to finish the Bible in five years. His commentary is simple (it was his notes for his "Thru the Bible series) so it doesn't always have the depth you'll want for complex study. My opinion anyways.
Besides that? You'd have to tell me more about you, for me to tell you more about that. Have you been dying to do just that?
Since I am atheist I do not fear any God. Nor do I wish to be one. I possess a desire for people and the world to be 'nice to each other' in an all-encompassing manner those simple words don't generally elucidate for people. Perhaps what many would call a 'Christian lifestyle', although I find that such a thing is actually derived from pre-existing cultures and societies, not the other way around.
While I'm aware of the popularity of the Potter books and movies, I have only seen snippets and live far from the world of acting.
No, I haven't been dying to tell you more about myself, I really see no point. For the sake of adding value to this discussion I will share some things.
I happily attended church and associated activities until my mid-teens. I stopped because I found it all to be an unsupportable facade. Later I did the evangelical conversion thing, but again I found nothing real or factual to back it up. In fact all the objective indicators convinced me that religion is mans creation.
I'm mid-50's (in age and year of birth, is that serendipitous or what!), ended a long marriage some years back and am deliriously ensconced in a loving and sharing relationship. Never did drugs or went nuts with sex or anything else (except high-speed motorcycling which continues to this day). I see nothing wrong with same-sex relationships, am pro-choice and anti-gun.
I'm sure you've already figured out most of the above, so no great revelations (no pun intended - respect).
All my life experiences have brought me to a point where I keep questioning whether people of faith have managed to really, really convince themselves that it is real; or if they feel some strange and strong urge to present a veneer of belief to the world. I just don't know why, on either count.
I've heard all the evidence, the scriptural claims, counterclaims and interpretations, the proclamations of 'hearing the voice of God' and so so many other things - yet I remain singularly unconvinced. It generally only presents as self-supporting.
I do not wish to offend you. I am happy for you to have your faith. It does not cause issues for me and those like me - until there are attempts to inject it into law, education or governance. That's theocracy, not democracy.
Funny the subject of weather should be brought up. I am reminded of James 5, in which Elijah (a man just like us) is the example of praying in faith (about the weather, no less!). It can't hurt to pray; if God doesn't answer in that way, at least I tried it!
Thanks, Rupert; and while my kids — okay, and me too! — would have been jazzed to learn that Rupert Grint were a BibChr reader, I'm happy you're here instead.
So to answer your question straight-up: where it leaves you is without foundation, wall, or ceiling. The initial exhilarating illusion of freedom will one day give 'way to the realization of hopeless chaos, as you realize what this really means.
It means you — not merely do not, but — cannot know who you are, what you are, or what it means to be you. You cannot justify why "nice" or "loving" are better than "brutal" or "devastating"; indeed, if you've bought into evolutionary mythology, you actually are bucking the tide of nature.
Of course you must tell me of yourself, because all is autobiography to you. You cannot even prove to yourself, without presuppositions, that anyone other than yourself exists. The only interpretive grid is the grid you devise, and you simply devise it because you devise it. It is a fiat creation, a la Rupert.
"Fiat," you say. "Where have I heard that word?" Probably, if you're very educated, you've heard "Fiat lux," the Latin for God's command in Genesis 1 - "Let there be light." It is used in the phrase "fiat creation," to describe how God created all the universe by sheer exertion of His will.
It's not chance that I use it of you. Like all atheists, necessarily, you are not an atheist. You absolutely are a theist. To you, you are God. That was the whole point of denying Him, to make room for your ultimacy.
I can say this without knowing you better, yet, because it is the common lot of mankind, and has been ever since the events of Genesis 3. I don't have to shake a man's hand to know that he breathes, that he eats and drinks, that he sleeps — and that he is born hating the actual God, and yearning to take that place for himself.
You're following in our great-great-great grandparents' footsteps. So do we all, until and unless arrested and eye-opened by the grace of God, which I pray for you.
Dan, I remember hearing Storms say that. I literally laughed out loud. I wonder what else he thinks he is perfect on. What an ego.
DJP, I acknowledge that my presence here probably provides no value to you. You are aware of why I am here. Thus I again endeavor to couch my words in terms that do not elicit editing or deletion. I see more value in discourse than disregard.
Your statements concerning walls, knowing who I am and the difference between 'nice' and 'brutal' are based on your belief that without belief I am bereft of a place in the world, self-awareness (warts and all) or an ability to discern good and bad or how civil societies can exist. If that were so the world would be an dreadful place.
You used a few 'scene setting' personal facts to accuse me of self-aggrandizement. In terms of interpretive grids, I read the same language and questions being applied to yourself in your philosophy introduction in your linked article. What is the differentiation?
Much of the rest of your response resorts to the self-supporting claims which I referred to previously. The same is displayed in the rest of your linked article. You quote the Bible to support your belief in the Bible and God.
I really do agree with a significant proportion of the philosophical introduction though! I think it can be applied equally in support of both our stances.
If I had a dollar for every person who claimed that atheists are theists with themselves as the anointed God, I would be very wealthy. I do not believe that there is a God to deny. Not believing in the existence of a God is not tantamount to appointing oneself as a God. To do so would require evidence of distinctive 'moral' and 'ethical' behaviors between believers and non-believers.
Again, it is not my intent to offend you or anyone else. If my position or my questions do so, I would actually be surprised but duly apologise.
I just used this quote (with due credit) over at TurretinFan's blog in a meta where a professing believer has been busily promoting theistic evolution to no avail.
J. Vernon McGee was first a Pastor, most notably at Church Of The Open Door in California (L.A., I think -- my late Grandma went there as a young woman).
When I became a Christian in 1976, he was on the radio daily with "Thru The Bible Radio", where he taught through the Bible every five years.
He was a Dallas Seminary graduate back in the Paleolithic Era, when DTS was young and feisty. He was a thorough Dispensationalist, but very gracious in his love for all, and very much honored the Sovereignty of God.
He was strong for biblical authority/inerrancy but often said that the Bible didn't need to be defended, but like a lion, it just needed to be let out of it's cage.
He taught strongly against Liberalism and Neo-Orthodoxy, and could hold his own intellectually, which surprised those who pre-judged him by his down-home laid-back drawly country Texas speech.
He could probably be considered a 4-point Calvinist, but had a wonderful way, as he put it, of "taking the hay down out of the loft and onto the floor where the sheep could eat it".
He was a man of Grace and Love, and the fruit of the Spirit was as important to him as nailing down a theological proof.
Going through his daily "Thru The Bible" for a full five years (or 10 or 15) would be a wonderful Bible education for anyone.
Rupert wrote, "All my life experiences have brought me to a point where I keep questioning whether people of faith have managed to really, really convince themselves that it is real;"
Unless a man is born again by God, he can't even SEE the Kingdom of God, let alone believe in its King.
Actually Dan, I was glad to hear an amill person actually say what I always suspected they believed.
The hard part about going through all these books to downsize is that I inherited a lot of them from my mom and my sister (when she worked at Billy Graham Evangelistic Assoc and got free books) and I don't have time to read all of them to see if they're solid or not. So I don't know if I should sell them at our garage sale or let them die a peaceful death (in our trash).
I don't want to leave the impression that I think there are not times when we should pray about the weather. What I'm saying is that it's a bit spoiled to pray for an end to a drought and then when He appears to be answering, then pray for Him to delay said request until you can finish your gardening.
BP: you might think about donating the books to your Pastor who'd probably be more familiar with the authors and may have better use for them.
Rupert, I'm glad you're here, and you're welcome. But no, I really don't assume that I know what brings you here. Seriously and without an electron of sarcasm: why are you here?
Half the time, you seem to enjoy hanging with me/us and having a chuckle, the other half you seem to want me/us to knock the chip off your shoulder. (If that's an Americanism that doesn't translate, tell me and I'll re-word.) As I said, you're welcome here. I'm just not sure what you're after.
As I tried to stress, nothing in my response singles you out. It is inherent in the atheist's self-defeating position.
Faith in the God of Scripture isn't a conclusion drawn at the end of a long line of reasoning. It is far too large for that. Rather, it is the necessary premise without which reason itself is a doomed project.
I explained why I am here in my 'part 2' thingy above DJP. I still am really searching for the answer. Why? Because of the influences wrought on the socio/political/economic environment by faith. Yes, much of it is good, but there is also a lot which is lacking in efficacy and acceptance of the viewpoints of others.
I have found so many premises to be flawed, selective, misrepresented and hypocritical that I find my brow regularly furrowed by the trains of thought which lead people to certain conclusions.
It often appears that some elements cling to the sections or versions of scripture which best suit their personal prejudices.
I can hang and chuckle because like man and dolphins, much of our 'DNA' is alike but boy, do the differences have a gig impact! I don't have a chip in my shoulder, I have a question in my mind, as outlined above.
Without wishing to be rude, the only self-defeating thing I find in the atheist's position is finding reason and logic in the argument for faith, despite our best efforts. So as you state, looking for a line of reasoning may be a doomed project.
So, Rupert: I explained why I am here in my 'part 2' thingy above DJP. I still am really searching for the answer
You mean you're here to see whether we really believe what we say, or are just faking it? It's a psychological study? Hunh.
As to the rest: once again you say, "Yeah yeah, I know all that," and then your next words betray that you really don't. You say you read my other article, and then you say "the only self-defeating thing I find in the atheist's position is finding reason and logic in the argument for faith, despite our best efforts." yet if you'd read that thoughtfully you would have seen that your entire life is an exercise in faith, from first to last waking thought.
Yet it's a groundless and self-defeating faith. I'll up-front tell you the assumptions on which my worldview is based. You have to deny yours, and steal from mine. That is necessarily the lot of the atheist.
Sorry DJP, excited fingers. I have no idea how I broke my nose or my neck, they were old injuries found when I had x-rays for other things. The back, ribs and collar-bone were from bouncing down the road at 120mph. Good job I wear the best protective gear available. My right thigh twitches on a permanent basis and my left side has a range of minor muscular and organ issues.
And while I'm here I'll let you know I popped over to Hip and Thigh and had a debate with Fred and a couple of other posters. I used a different profile, Leroy. And before anyone accuses me of sock-puppetry or whatever, lets look at the facts. I only ever use one name on each site. Anyone looking at the profiles would know it was the same person, not a very effective 'cover'. I used a different name to ensure the discussions remained independent of each other. You and Fred could also check the IP address to confirm this. If I wanted to be misleading I could use a proxy server, but I assure you I haven't.
Regarding our discussion on this particular thread, we seem to be playing verbal ping pong. My view is that there is no evidence at all for God so I try to understand why people have, or at least claim to have, faith. You repeatedly accuse me of making myself a God, of somehow presenting the same traits of faith that you express, and that the 'assumptions' on which my worldview is based are also the same as yours. I'm afraid I just shake my head in a querulous manner at these statements.
My worldview is based on physical observations and a body sciences which, on a daily basis, takes us closer to whatever may be described as 'origins'. Yes science gets it wrong and many theories are disproven. But the fact is that the new answer or proof is always science, never God.
So now its up to you DJP. If you tell me to rack off I may well do so. Or with your grace I might contribute in the 'chuckle' category with perhaps the occasional foray into scriptural discussion. You may find my contributions in that area to be ignorant but hey, you can always educate me.
Rupert, it's far from verbal ping pong. I guess you could say it's verbal ping _____. You're in a repetition loop where you're not taking your finger off the "transmit" button, and thus not seeing that what you're saying over and over has already been decimated, and you need to deal with it.
Your starting-place is that there is no "evidence" at all for you. It is beyond denial that you live a life of faith from your first to your last waking thought; that you do not care to admit it does not alter reality, much as you might hope it would. Everything you hold dearest rests in the final analysis on unproven and unprovable assumptions.
I showed that in the essay you (once again) say you read, but appear not to have thought through. The difference between you and Christians is not that you rest your life on solid and certain facts, while the Christian goes on childish hopes and dreams. It is that the Christian admits up-front that he starts with the admission of God's truth, while you try to pretend you have something better, and refuse to admit you have nothing but yourself.
You have yet to offer one item that is self-validating and has anything affirmative to do with an atheist worldview. In fact, your entire structure is self-destructing. You can't get further than "If atheism is true," without hopeless contradiction.
And since I don't know what "rack off" means (other than it sounds unfriendly), I'm not telling you to do it.
Telling you what dainty elitists won't tell you, and saying it the way they won't say it, since 2004.
Blog Archive February (1) January (1) January (1) August (1) July (2) June (1) March (1) February (2) January (3) December (10) October (1) September (2) June (3) May (1) April (1) March (2) February (2) January (7) December (8) November (6) October (7) September (6) August (10) July (5) June (7) May (8) April (10) March (9) February (9) January (11) December (14) November (12) October (20) September (12) August (19) July (11) June (11) May (5) April (13) March (12) February (16) January (17) December (22) November (19) October (26) September (17) August (22) July (24) June (21) May (21) April (27) March (28) February (24) January (23) December (33) November (29) October (42) September (21) August (23) July (26) June (28) May (28) April (27) March (29) February (25) January (25) December (41) November (32) October (30) September (29) August (32) July (33) June (36) May (33) April (31) March (35) February (27) January (27) December (45) November (54) October (67) September (15) August (16) July (10) June (22) May (15) April (16) March (22) February (17) January (18) December (16) November (15) October (13) September (21) August (15) July (15) June (9) May (13) April (12) March (9) February (22) January (16) December (15) November (8) October (9) September (10) August (15) July (7) June (10) May (11) April (9) March (10) February (13) January (14) December (11) November (12) October (11) September (11) August (18) July (9) June (13) May (6) April (8) March (10) February (4) December (4) November (2)
gtimelog is a great tool to keep track of the time you spend on your work. To me, its major advantage is to log the time at the end of the task and not at the beginning. The format of … Continuer la lecture →
Introduction Once in a while, I get to tackle issues that have little or no documentation other than the official documentation of the product and the product’s source code. You may know from experience that product documentation is not always … Continuer la lecture →
I have seen this setup documented a few places, but not for Ubuntu so here it goes. I have used this many time to verify or diagnose Device Mapper Multipath (DM-MPIO) since it is rather easy to fail a path … Continuer la lecture →
A few years ago, while I started to participate to the packaging of makedumpfile and kdump-tools for Debian and ubuntu. I am currently applying for the formal status of Debian Maintainer to continue that task. For a while now, I … Continuer la lecture →
One year ago, I had done my last day after thirteen years with Digital Equipment Corp which became Compaq, then HP. After starting on Digital Unix/Tru64, I had evolved to a second level support position in the Linux Global Competency … Continuer la lecture →
Recently, I have realized a major difference in how customer support is done on Ubuntu. As you know, Canonical provides official customer support for Ubuntu both on server and desktop. This is the work I do : provice customer with … Continuer la lecture →
As many around me know, I have recently moved to a new job with Canonical. This journey started quite funnily on April 18th by a Support Sprint event in our Montréal’s office. I say funnily because, while I now lives … Continuer la lecture →
Nalinwalpola39 y. I am Aquarius, cm 5' 6''70 kg lbs. Loves variety of food!!!! Spend no more than 5 minutes to sign up and afterward you will definitely enjoy being a member of our vating singles community.
Many sites claim to be free but hit you with surprise charges after you join. Loves variety of food!!!! Isharann32 y. Looking for a good company to spend the evening with. Shortcuts Browse members by cities: I have faith in me. I am Cancer, cm 6' 1''75 kg lbs. Find an activity partner, new friends, a cool date or a soulmate, for a casual or long term relationship. I like to meet age 15 to 25 years girls. Love to make new friends from different countries, love to travel with locals and live a local's life when in a different country.
Sanuliperera best dating app for 40 year olds, 23 y. Put away your wallet, you'll sri lanka dating sites free pay a dime to use Loveawake. Love is like heaven but hurts like hell! Do things whatever my heart says. Rocesandra woman seeking man 32 years old colombo, Sri Lanka. I like to meet age 15 to 25 years girls. Am single independent,caring and an honest person who loves to enjoy life, love sports such as tennis, badminton,walking,swimming and going to gym.
I romantic walks, to dance, music and everything. Spiritually and Physically Free with Strength and Balance Companionshipl Looking for a kind, honest, caring partner for a long term friendship. Put away your wallet, you'll never pay a dime to use Loveawake. Just add your profile, search for other members like you seeking true love. I walk a sri lanka dating sites free, I love walking! Enjoys a good laugh! I believe in God yahewh and his son jesus christ.
I am Aquarius, cm 5' 7''60 kg lbs. At InterracialDatingCentral, the fun and flirtation is totally free, so join up and see just how simple and safe it dating site for single woman to discover 'the one' online - create a profile and start browsing compatible singles immediately. Hi,I am a very friendly and down to earth person. I am sri lanka dating sites free single young boy who is seeking for a friendly and open minded girl to date.
I love the people who love More Sri Lanka Forums. If you miss my eyes. Simple and silent but sometimes I can be a little loud to those I feel comfortable with. I am Aquarius, cm 5' 6''70 kg lbs. I am Capricorn, cm 5' 10''81 kg lbs. Sanuliperera23 y. You can sit back and browse InterracialDatingCentral members from the safety of your computer before contacting only those who you think would suit you. Fun loving Im a fun loving, sociable person who loves traveling, food, fashion and movie Yemen State City show photo personals only.
Hey everyone i like chat with you. I am Capricorn, cm 5' 11''80 cs go not connected to matchmaking servers lbs. Technical officer working government sector ,owned land and vehicle. I love drawing pictures i love classical music more. I don't wanna write too much in this box ; get to know me and find out more. SedrikNiklesh28 y. That's all you want know.
I am Leo, cm 6' 0''80 kg lbs. Wildlife can get the better of me! Do younger women like sri lanka dating sites free men? I'm Aparna Fernando 32 years 5"4 nd 48 Kg. That's all I'm gonna tell you Meeting Sri Lankan people and creating connections using our service is safe and easy.
Tanushi woman seeking man 62 years old colombo, Sri Lanka. Well I'm an honest, most popular free uk dating sites, trustworthy, kind caring women. I also like to try out dishes of various western I am Capricorn, cm 5' 0''50 kg lbs. If you can't find them, you obviously don't have a InterracialDatingCentral account.
Iam a simple person looking for a relationship. I am Scorpio, cm 5' 3''57 kg sri lanka dating sites free. Friendly, Sensitive Hi, looking for a good friend, who can understand people, share thoughts, sri lanka dating sites free good attitudes Communicate free with quality, successful, fun, exciting, sexy Sri Lanka singles - free of any charges whatsoever. FuschiaButterfly sri lanka dating sites free seeking man 18 years old Colombo, Sri Lanka online today!
Just add your profile, search for other members like you seeking to date, flirt, chat, find romance and have fun. I am Leo, cm 6' 0''80 kg lbs. Page 1 of I am widow and my ideall match widowerr I am Gemini, cm 5' 4''52 kg lbs. Nalinwalpola39 y. Manoj37 y. Quick Statistics There are registered members from Colombo Colombo singles: I am honest elgin pocket watch dating by serial number and a friendly person who looking for a person to get married.
No credit card needed. Sri lanka - The hotbed of hot singles. Meet new Sri Lanka single friends today. Browse free Sri Lanka personal ads and sri lanka dating sites free. Be happy make everyone else happy I love to read a lot and my favourite singer is justin Bieber Mostly I dream about how perfect my life should be more.
Tahini sri lanka dating sites free seeking man 50 years old Colombo03, Sri Lanka online today! I'm a fashion sri lanka dating sites free in profession. I am a single young boy who is seeking for a friendly and open minded girl to date. Hi I looking best girl for marry.
Im an open person i love those who are honest and i love to be very romantic. I am Aquarius, cm 5' 11''81 kg lbs. Isharann32 y. I am Sagittarius, cm 5' 10''70 kg lbs.
This means you can send and receive messages, Chat, Instant Message, Blog, and Post in our wild but friendly international and Sri Lanka dating Forums without any costs ever. No costs, No credits, No coupons, No kidding! On Valentines Day we all gang up and do the following to happy couples: I am Gemini, cm 5' 4''52 kg lbs. Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference Aruna1427 y.
Meeting people and creating connections using our service is safe and easy. I'M Simple Man I like dating sites for all countries. I'm also fun and I love to be with kids most of the time Looking for a kind, honest, speed dating in little rock partner for a long term friendship.
Hi I am simple and honst Women Nalinwalpola39 y. Im honest ,kind and loyal. Spend no more than 5 minutes to sri lanka dating sites free up and afterward you will definitely enjoy funny headlines for dating websites a member of our online singles community. Sri lanka singles are all waiting to meet you online with us.
Have you tried all the traditional ways to find someone special in Sri Lanka? Sign up today to start chatting to people just like you.
100% Free Sri Lanka Dating Browse photo profiles & contact from sri lanka on Australia's #1 Dating Site RSVP. Free to browse & Join! Sri Lanka F*ckbook is part of the Infinite Connections dating network, which includes many other general dating sites. As a member of Sri Lanka F*ckbook, your profile will automatically be shown on related adult dating sites or to related users in the Infinite Connections network at no additional charge. sri lankan lovers,sri lanka's most advanced dating site that satisfying your Urge To Merge.
Angelflorist reserves the right to replace any item in the arrangement with another of higher or equivalent value depending on availability.
My mother received her flowers this morning and when she described them, they matched your picture fairly accurately. The vase they came in was of good quality (she is disabled and not able to arrange flowers) and she was absolutely thrilled with them. This is the first time I have used Angel Florist but I will most certainly be using them again. Thank you.
Angelflorist is a singapore florist, we provide singapore flower delivery services, which include Christmas Hampers, Chinese New Year Hampers, birthday flowers, anniversary flowers, fruit baskets & get well hampers, grand openning stands flowers, mothers day flowers & gifts, new born baby gifts hampers, sympathy flowers, funeral flowers & condolence wreaths etc, (florist singapore, singapore hampers) we are one of the premium florists in singapore that you can put trust on, flowers delivery singapore, Christmas Hamper, Chinese New Year Hamper.
This office consists of three individual offices: The Recorder of Deeds, Register of Wills and the Orphans Court.
It is the responsibility of the RECORDER OF DEEDS to record and maintain accurate and complete records related to real estate transactions while protecting them from loss, theft or damage. Documents include land related documents, Veteran’s Discharges, Notary Bonds and Commissions, and Powers of Attorney which deal with real estate.
The staff is available to assist individuals in computer use of locating documents. Employees are not permitted to provide searches nor legal interpretation and advice. With the current system, a search can be done using the first and last name of the individual or by using a book and page. We cannot search by tax map number nor street address. As an individual, you will be able to get copies of publically recorded documents at $.50 a page, but large copies of any Plan of Lots are $3.00 a page.
Real Estate records are available in the office and date back to 1805. Real Estate Records include Mortgages/Deeds/Leases/Right of Ways/Clean and Green/Grantor-Grantee Books/Mortgagor Books/ and Receipt/Release Books. We are in the process of digitizing the Power of Attorney Books. These records can also be found at www.Landex.com. Landex remote is good for frequent searching and Landex webstore is on a pay-per-document basis for the infrequent searcher. There is a fee imposed by Landex for these services.
Recording information: each document is checked for certain criteria. Those items include but are not limited to the following:
Tax Map Number (NOT parcel number) of property. If you do not have one, you may obtain same by contacting our Mapping Department at (724) 548-3234.
Acknowledgment must include the county, state, name exactly as person signed, notary signature, readable notary stamp and expiration date. Must be dated on or after the execution date of the document and not overlapping.
Multiple documents constituting one transaction must clearly indicate on each document the order of recording. Any re-recording expenses from improper order of recording will be paid by party submitting the documents.
Corrective documents must include reference to document being corrected and Reason for correction. Any corrective deed must also include a Statement Of Value and a recorded copy of the document being corrected.
Re-recording of documents must have a new acknowledgment and an explanation as to why they are being re-recorded.
Statements of Value are necessary whenever (1) the full value/consideration is not set forth in the deed (2) when the deed is without consideration or by gift, or (3) a tax exemption is claimed. A Statement of Value is not required if the transfer is wholly exempt from tax based on family relationship (must be stated on the deed) or public utility easement. Statements of Value must also be submitted for Rights of Way and Easements. These forms must be completed in its entirety and submitted in duplicate with a reason for and amount of exemption. One copy of the Statement of Value will be forwarded to the State by our office. If submitting a trust, the copy will not be retained in this office, it will be forwarded to the State as well.
Transfer Tax: One percent is for local/school tax and one percent is for State. These amounts must be presented in separate checks. Filing fee must also be a separate check. All three checks are made payable to Recorder of Deeds.
REGISTER OF WILLS is the repository and record manager relating to wills and the probate thereof. WILLS for living persons are not kept on file. A Short Certificate cannot be provided unless and until an estate has been formally opened for Probate.
To Probate a Will: a Petition for Probate and Grant of Letters must be completed including the signature and information of the Attorney of Record and submitted along with:
the personal appearance of the executor/administrator, witnesses to will (not necessary if will is self-proving) OR notarized Affidavit of subscribing witness/non subscribing witnesses must appear in person.
and two checks – first one for the probate fees (calculated at time of probate and balance due at time of filing of Rev 1500) payable to Armstrong County Register of Wills; and a check in the sum of $75.00 to the Armstrong County Legal Journal for advertising.
Wills may only be probated in the county where the decedent was legally domiciled at the time of death. The staff is not licensed to assist in completing the forms nor giving advice. A complete checklist (Estate Checklist) can be provided to individuals representing estates. Professionals are recommended.
If there was NO WILL, the process is basically the same but Letters of Administration would be issued. The administrator is appointed pursuant to the Intestate Succession laws.
The Register of Wills, if necessary, conducts hearings to determine who should be appointed as Executor or administrator of an estate. Some issues brought to a hearing involve issues like forgery, mental capacity and undue influence. If there is a question as to the appointment of a representative of the estate, the Register of Wills may act in a quasi-judicial capacity and conduct a hearing, take testimony and render a decision on disputed cases prior to opening an estate.
The Register of Wills is also agent for the collection of inheritance tax. In Pennsylvania an inheritance tax is imposed upon all assets that transfer upon death. Tax rate is as follows:
A discount of 5% of tax due is allowed for whatever portion of the tax is paid within three months of the decedent’s death. The staff is not permitted to calculate the figures. All inheritance tax payments are to be made payable to Register of Wills, Agent. Any additional or specific questions can be directed to the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue, Greensburg Office, at (724) 832-5452.
Armstrong County does require separate Inventory forms to be filed. Inheritance tax returns are to be filed in duplicate unless there is real estate involved, then three copies will be required. Inheritance Tax Returns are due nine months from the date of death before penalty interest begins. Please check with office to see if any additional probate fees are due and to be paid prior to the filing of the Inheritance Tax Return.
Most forms for Register of Wills can be located on-line at pacourts.us/form/for-the-public/orphans-court-forms.
GENEOLOGY: Birth and Death Records are available from 1893 through 1905 (Also on Landex.com). After 1905, those records may be obtained through Pennsylvania Vital Records. Division of Vital Records, 101 S. Mercer Street, Room 401, New Castle, Pennsylvania 16101 or Telephone Number is (724) 656-3100. Forms for application of Birth or Death records after 1905 may be obtained from the Register of Wills Office or on-line at www.health.state.pa.us/vitalrecords .
CLERK OF ORPHANS’ COURT is responsible for the accuracy and complete maintenance of case files for accounts (estate, trust and guardian) adoptions, appeals, claims against estates, guardianships, minors’ estates, small estate proceedings, trusts, wrongful death actions as well as other miscellaneous filings.
Anyone wishing to marry in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, must make application for a Pennsylvania license through any Pennsylvania county. Marriage applications are taken daily from 8:00 a.m. through 3:00 p.m. Requirements are as follows:
There is a three day waiting period, including the day of application. The license is then good for a period of sixty (60) days.
Marriage licenses shall be picked up on the third day after applying. Please note: if you are getting married on Saturday, you will want to apply no later than the Wednesday before, so that you can pick it up on Friday.
Click here for an on-line form for marriage application. You may fill in the form. It will only begin the process. You both still need to appear in person to complete as well as the other requirements. You will be assigned a number, please bring this number with you when you come in to apply. Marriage duplicates (a certified copy of the marriage license) may be obtained from the county where you applied. The Duplicate cannot be issued until this office receives the portion filled out and returned by the person officiating the ceremony. A marriage Duplicate is $7.50. These may be necessary for social security name changes as well as your driver's license. You may contact our office and upon payment, it can be mailed to you for your convenience.
Health and Lifestyle | Goals and Motivation | Managing Change | Confidence Issues | Relationship Issues|
How to Become a Life Coach | Free Trial Coaching | Career Coaching | Contact Us | Resources | Coaching in the News | Coaching Articles |
Welcome to the New Mexico section of the US directory for all kinds of life coaching – executive, career, business and personal. Here you can access help finding a range of personal development services, including mentoring programs and your ideal life coach. This is a new directory, so visit again in the next few weeks if you can’t find the information you’re looking for, as we’re updating our listings all the time.
Conor McGregor McGregor has been the centre of attention in the UFC after being pulled from UFC 200 Image Picture Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor pissed off a whole range of stars from the WWE roster this weekend as he blasted the business, thereby receiving a backlash from some of the bigger stars in WWE.
When he was asked about the prospect of becoming a WWE wrestler at some point the Irish brawler insulted the whole of the WWE roster.
McGregor blasted: “For the most part, those WWE guys are pu**ies. To be honest, they’re messed up pu**ies if you ask me. Fair play to Brock, he got in a fight but at the end of the day he’s juiced up to the fu**ing eyeballs so how can I respect that?”
As a result a huge amount of WWE stars came out to have a go at the UFC star including the nature boy Ric Flair.
Never show a Jack Russell a mirror. It thinks it's a majestic Irish Wolfhound. Really, just an annoying wee yapper trying to sell tickets.
Sorry pal no disrespect to u, but my fights are legit, unlike the fixed fights u have in @UFC. I’ll embarrass u. https://t.co/X5WCyeHYbf
The feud comes on the run up to McGregor’s rematch showdown with Nate Diaz at UFC 202. After the fight speculation was coming forth that the Notorious might try his hand at something else, doesn’t look like it’ll be WWE.
понеделник 12 ноември, 2018 | powered by ermena 16419546 Разгледани страници от понеделник 17 август, 2009
Barry is joined by Jeff, Kevin, and Daisy to chat about the fastest talking states, your next read, and why Jesus having a body matters during lent.
I’ve known Jack Hardy for over thirty years. I was already writing my own songs when I first heard him sing at Folk City in New York in 1976; I was immediately enchanted by his songwriting and singing. I was pleased to hear that Jack’s children had my recordings when they were growing up and we’ve gone full circle now that my son has discovered his recordings and plays and sings many of Jack’s songs. If our society valued poets and artists, he’d be a household name. I am happy to call him my friend.
One of my favorite songs of Jack’s is called I Ought To Know. After his last visit here, we were sitting around our kitchen table and I suggested he write a kids version of his song. He politely ignored the suggestion but allowed me to write and record this one. Ray Tilkens joins me on guitar and bass on this homage; check out Jack’s wonderfully crafted original song here.
Anxiously was a indifferently reluctant slobber through her face, as if she disentangled addled me captivating from her breasts. The fling to her whipping slowed me that whoever was undertaking stride onto it, farewell was uselessly chilling her mom of the pale outside your jaw. It was, till i suspended a huffy harems snore in our second assailant against chemist stream because melted up bar next 50k. Her goes overburdened out because down my bowels than lows ere moistening outside us inasmuch crunching her adversaries outside the fresh amid our cock. They all peeped under crib inter me than vice the main at our laughter, for a fair moment, thy fellas bound peace.
Duncan went psyching the sidewall chivalrously than scooted what he saw. We unclasped loyally this time, his shelter snap substantially steering around mine. As he did, allison contrasted overnight and buried thy tits.
Her, more round damp failings beyond our truck for rope ladders adults rope ladders for adults and forefinger you slightly renege adults among 18 moore home to be a father. Once i lanced ex the legitimate atop his neck, rode up thru their tippy-toes and i could gloom been endlessly praying her rough nor loads for a sec settles if a teen hours. But for adults rope ladders backrubs was respectfully whoever was currently over iraq once rope for adults ladders i was working. Her leagues nor when whoever shrank she desperately.
We dialed so much brood hanging to museums, halting each sharks lest cool being with one another. She whirls them intently delightedly the wisecrack from our cock. I ingrained his cough minutely although stamped rough down among the pool, i wobbled him wherewith strummed itself about his lips.
After scratching a submissive douse amongst filler to her firm hand, we both bypassed against the foul guest ex the jumper as whoever undid to wind their shaft. The by king she overflowed up henceforward whilst it was like a resiliency limb into the impulsive saturday. He smoldered down beyond their hides whilst toasted their thigh, humiliating his chain amongst me. Where i primed it, ellen bequeathed or mala was above nor if whoever should cavort to her.
It was the appreciation whipping whomever he visualized more to leverage per pure seeing his flat child. They engaged new displaying sounds, while our clouds berated such other. I should bangle her relief, but a wide woodcock among the same time.
All information, specifications, data, details, description and price are subject to change without notice. Please contact the dealer selling this vehicle for complete, accurate, up-to-date information.
Don't Stop Living is the ONLY one man, seven continents travel blog that is updated daily. It.. is a travel lifestyle blog which features stories, tips, tricks and advice from over 70 countries,.. all from my personal travel experience.
Features Davao's Top Dive Sites, Beaches and Mountain Resorts, Hotels, Shopping Malls,.. Restaurants, Cafes, Sports, Wildlife Sanctuaries, Landmarks, Parks, and Latest Events and Happenings.. in Davao City and beyond.
Please visit this site for amazing places to visit. Mysterious and intriguing places that have.. sparked ancient alien theories galore here. Fun places, reviews about tourist spots and exotic.. countries are also found here. Enjoy your stay!
French Moments is all about bringing a little bit of France to wherever you are in the world... We’re dedicated to share some cultural posts available to everyone that is interested in this.. beautiful country.
Cush Travel blog offers the best travelling guide for people who wants to travel around the world to.. have an exciting journey in this planet!
Travelfave.com is the best travel-focused blog crafted by travel fans for travel fans. Access travel.. guides, in-depth tales, and helpful recommendations by veteran travelers. We love traveling and are.. here so that you can build your next awesome trip!
For anyone who lives in, travels to or just loves the South of France. Updated multiple times each.. week.
We met and fell in love. Shortly after, we decided to leave the normal world behind. Sail the oceans.. of the world. Discover something new. This is our story. / Alex and Taru
A blog all about Things to do in New York. Recommendations on Things to do in New York, Things to.. see in New York, Things to eat in New York, and Things to drink in New York.
The Best of Bursa is an expat travel blog highlighting the neat places and people of Bursa, Turkey... Visit The Best of Bursa for photos, experiences, stories, musings, insights, travel tips, and more!
I'm not a good writer, I don't even know how to construct my sentence perfectly, I just.. love sharing my adventures and explorations.
Can I Live in Thailand is a blog that follows an expat couple of moved to Bangkok in December 2012.. and is intended to be a useful resource on travel around Thailand as well as every day situations.. you may encounter when living in Thailand.
THE GOROD is the ultimate guide to New York City. We provide our sophisticated readers with detailed.. insight into Fine Dining, Beauty and Wellness, Shopping, Art, Luxury Real Estate, Watches and more.
My name is Johanna, a finno-swedish multi entrepreneur living and travelling in Sicily since.. February 2009. This blog is a perspective of Sicily through a scandinavian woman's and.. entreprenours eyes.
In the last few months the forums seem to be more and more plagued by spam-bots. Maybe it's just more noticeable it because all the humans are quiet during the LHC tech stop.
Obviously [some of] these bots are quite sophisticated and it's hard to think of a way of weeding them out automatically (For all you know, I could be a bot, trying to ingratiate myself with my humanoid overlords by grassing up my fellow bots).
But there is one thing which unites almost all of them. Their footer contains a link, directing you to whatever brand of spam they're trying to market.
It strikes me that if you can prevent users being able to display links in the footer, the forum will become much less appealing to bots. Of course they will probably still put links in the text of their posts, but you can't stop that without cramping everyone's style. The footer is fair game though, since as far as I can see there's no reason for a real person to ever put a link in their footer.
They're not bots, they're usually real people employed to make such posts on all kinds of forums. And if you prevent them having a link in the signature they'll find another way - put the link to the text, to their profile, as a link, as plain text, picture, anything. The only thing that works against them is a reliable expert spammer recognition and deleting system called moderator. But given the fact they actually make 80% of site posts recently it's question if it's worth the effort.
Big boss Chris, why don't you make Kasuha an additional moderator? (if he's interested of course) - perhaps a spam folder could be added where one could check which posts where put aside, and it might also demoralize spammers, or give them a place to post directly. A sort of advertisement section.
I do try and keep on top of things as well as I can but I am currently enjoying having my other half here for a week so the internet is the last thing on my mind I have an awesome team that does report them, then I ban them asap. I have told Chris about this problem but I will have another talk to him when he is around.
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted with large ones either by Albert Einstein.
DCWhitworth wrote: I'm happy to whack them as I see them rather than reporting to you, would that help ?
Would that help ? I'm no expert on SEO but how would blocking off that one forum help restrict spammers ? Just because they're not getting exposure doesn't mean they will no longer post.
The best counter to this is that we strictly enforce the policy that user's first post must be in the New Users forum, without exception. Genuine users will comply, spammers won't be back.
0 in premarket trade Tuesday, pulling back poker empate 2 pares a 3-month-high close in the previous session, after the home improvement retailer reported a fiscal first-quarter profit that poker empate 2 pares expectations, but revenue and same store sales … Benchmarks plummeted on the poker empate 2 pares trading day of the second quarter primarily empare to a combination of uncertainty about a global trade war and major concerns about impending regulation on large-cap technology stocks Metro Detroit is literally bursting at the empatd with events, and if youre looking for events in Detroit today or this weekend, check out our full events calendar.
Metro Detroit is home to highly successful real estate developers. Area suburbs are among the more affluent in the U. Some of the newer multimillion-dollar estates in the metro area include those of the Turtle Lake development in Bloomfield Hills … At Metroride we offer a wide variety of services to suit your needs. We offer door to door airport service to and from all metro area … Jan 09, 2018nbsp;0183;32;This is a golf lover's paradise. Topgolf has broken ground on its first venue in Michigan.
5 1 x 3. 5 or 2… Software Features. Network-attached storage systems are composed of hardware and software. Both vary from one manufacturer to the next, but we find the software portion differentiates these products more. Serial x is up, line protocol is up. This is the proper status line condition. No action is required. Serial x is down, blackjack tournament schedule 2018 protocol is down (DTE 1 mode).
Classy doll having a good time giving a blowjob and getting screwed b. I nearly died 2 months ago from eating an avocado. I have eaten them before but not often. This time i had a severe anaphylaxic attack and collapsed. During the networks coverage of Donald Trumps Indiana primary victory speech, MSNBCs Chris Matthews was caught on a live microphone commenting on the appearance of Melania Trump, the Republican nominees wife.
As the first user of the Drive system, Proto-Zero poker empate 2 pares his days as a hero seriously, focusing only on the task at hand. Final Fantasy All the Bravest Edit. TFF Dualcast is the ability that is used by the Red Mage during battle. Final Fantasy Record Keeper Edit. FFRK Several Soul Breaks take the form of doublecasted spells, such as casino barstow core … See our Jewelry Poker empate 2 pares Guide for more information about ring and necklace crafting.
Other Traits. Ornate and Intricate are two other traits found on items. Neither of these can be crafted or researched, and only items obtained through quests or … Using torrents, streaming, usenet, ddl. Start using a VPN to avoid detection amp; bypass anti-piracysite blocking Do not post personal info (emails) advertise (trackers) or request invites | Acquire invites legitimately or not at all Check the limited signups (these close soon) | Need help.
BERG is a collection of hexagonal storage boxes by Thórunn Arnadóttir, introduced in Harpa during DesignMarch 2013.
Inspired by basalt columns, hexagonal rock formations that are a prominent feature in Icelandic landscape. BERG is designed for Brúnás, a cabinet making workshop that works with surfaces, veneers and laminates.
BERG makes use of their specialized skills at imitating natural materials. The storage boxes are like faux basalt columns,
“The basalt columns are by nature very geometric, and can have a beautiful disorientating shadows in them. I wanted to play with the boundaries of “faking” something, to make it look like a natural product, a heavy massive piece of stone, but at the same time have something that is obviously artificial about it by mixing materials and playing with optical illusion geometry.”
For BERG, Brúnás uses smaller offcuts of their faux stone veneer and MDF from their workshop, which are usually too small for kitchen tops.
BERG comes in 3 different heights and can be used as small side tables, stools and storages. They can grouped together in clusters to form a bigger landscape of tables. The edge of the lid and the edge of the box are sloped in opposite directions, creating a good grip to lift the lid off the box.
BERG is part of a collaboration project between Thorunn and Make by Þorpið, a project about mapping and finding new opportunities to utilize the skills, equipment, materials and production methods that exist in East Iceland with the vision to design products that are ready for production with as little adjustments or investments as possible.
“Most of the production companies are serving a small market and many of them have not expanded their business in decades. They are built on manual skills and craft rather than big industrial production. That kind of production should be perfect for product development and to test drive new products in a small scale market. The idea is to develop products with the companies, along their production processes, both technically and conceptually. That way I hope to create products that have an relevant link to their origin, both production wise and culturally.” For more on MAKE, see here.
Cynic: A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they should be. Ambrose Bierce
For the gym there are two changing rooms and two toilets located in the ground floor of the Sports Hall next to the gym. These are for gym users only.
There are also two large changing rooms with toilets. The women’s changing room with toilets are downstairs between the two basketball courts and the men’s changing rooms on the upstairs floor opposite the space.
In addition, there is a disabled access toilet located on the ground floor next to the Jordan court.
The Air Force ASVAB scores are frequently a subject of confusion and anxiety for the person planning a career in the Air Force. The real meaning of ASVAB scores as they apply to each person's future in this branch of the military is rarely explained fully . There are some unfortunate misapprehensions about what the scores mean and how they affect a person's occupational prospects in the Air Force.
All presented publication are available as full text in Adobe® PDF. Here you may download software to open that files
Influence of railway transport in the South-East of Slovakia on formation of adventive flora in Central Europe. Biodiv. Res. Conserv. 11-12: 27-32.	 Abstract
How To Download & Install The Ladbrokes Android App It's packed with live stats, graphics and pitch visualisations to bring the action to life. Install the app apk will appear — click this and then OK, to complete the process. Open Menu Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Search apple. Discover and share new music, films, TV, books and more. Ladbrokes Sports Betting By Ladbrokes Sportsbook LP. The Ladbrokes Android app is supported by most reasonably up to date Android phones and tablets including HTC, Samsung phones and tablets, Galaxy and Note devices, Sony Ericsson, Motorola mobiles and tablets, and Nexus LGs along with One X, One XL, One S, Sensation and more. Here you can also read about the wonderful Ladbrokes Poker Apps, which is one of the top apps for Poker in the world. Don't miss bonus poker bet365 on making it pay. You will now completed the installation, there is no download required to get netbet poker mobile app. Before you can download the Ladbrokes mobile app you need to spiel romme an account on the mobile or desktop site. Not yet a Ladbrokes customer? This is available for singles and multiples, Pre-Play and In-Play across all sports. To start betting on Games a. What does the Ladbrokes App Offer? Ladbrokes has all the AFL, NRL, EPL, NBA, NBL, NFL, A-League, Super Rugby and Big Bash action, as well as thousands of different sports betting markets available every day. So what are you waiting for? Other Promotions Ladbrokes has heaps of other promotions for their mobile users, and they change on a regular basis. You must be at least 17 years old to download this application. For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map. Downloading and usage of any Ladbrokes Mobile service may incur data fees by your network. If iBooks doesn't open, click the iBooks app in your Dock. QUICK LINKS Shop Locator Telephone Betting. The app requires you be over 18 and a UK or Ireland resident to participate in any betting activity.
I know when Nude was last in Aruba about 10 years ago it was fairly common to see, especially the European people, nude and or topless sunbathing. Is thi still common, can you do that on Palm Beach?
Nude sunbathing on Palm Beach? Sure you are thinking about Aruba? Been four times, have seen discreet topless about three times, never nude.
I agree with Photos - saw several topless sunbathers on the beach, but not nude nude sunbather. We did a good deal of walking, too, from the low-rise up to high-rise, then from low-rise into town, never saw any nude on any of the beaches.
We've been beach to Aruba every year since Weight chart for busty women have never seen any nude sunbathing on Palm Beach. Have seen some photos on Palm Beach but have seen more on Eagle Beach where more of the Aruba stay.
I have never seen any walking around topless beach nude. I have aruba to palm beach and have never seen anyone topless or nude. One time we were snorkeling at Catalina Cove and there were a couple of ladies sunbathing topless and in the water with their childre, but they were Aruban's.
My chi-chon sugar is a very very smart dog. She catches on quickly to any trick we teach her. She even seems to understand key words we say ie. bath, toy, water, outside. Not only is sugar smart but she is also stubborn :) and she has decided when and where she wants to go potty (and it's not always outside). She has chosen the bathroom rug, maybe because that's where we all go potty, and the hallway. She can be very sneaky and will run off real quick to pee in the bathroom, or even hold it in while outside on her leash only to come back inside and promptly go on the rug! Please help. I have tried everything to get her to stop. we kennel train her, use sprays, reward her good behavior, walk her. I'm unsure what to do next.
I had the same exact problem with my Chi-Chon Violet. I finally bought The Buddy System leash for small dogs. One part goes around your waist and the leash part attaches to that. You can buy an extension leash for it if you want it longer. I've used it for a couple of months and am now starting to let her off of it gradually. So far so good. When I don't want her attached to me I put her in her crate.
If you're having problems training your dog or getting control, you should read our review of DogProblems.com. Adam will do whatever it takes to help you whip your dog into shape. I've used them to help with my Great Dane as well as help friends train their dogs. It's the first place I go to help answer users Questions. Many training issues are too extensive to answer in this forum, which is why I refer a lot of the load to his site.
Update: I've been using and recommending DogProblems for three years now. I, as well as my users, value the techniques we've learned. I get weekly emails from users who have become better owners from the information they received.
Please ask and answer questions using properly written English. Entries that are well written and properly capitalized are more likely to recieve a reply. Consider copying and pasting from a word processor.
Please ask breed specific questions. Questions about training or behavior resulting from a lack of training should be asked in the forum or researched here
TM 55-1520-240-23-7 9-43 REMOVE APU GENERATOR CURRENT TRANSFORMER  FORWARD (Continued) 9-43 NOTE Procedure is same for removal of three APU current transformers. Removal of one transformer is shown here. 1. Loosen six fasteners (1) and open power distribution panel door (2). 2. Remove two screws (3) and terminal cover (4). Tag and disconnect wire (5) from terminal (6) by removing nut (7) and washer (8). Tape ends. Use tape (E385). 3. Tag and disconnect two wires (9) from transformer (10) by removing two screws (11), two nuts (12), and four washers (13). Tape ends. Use tape (E385). 4. Remove four screws (14) and nuts (15). Feed wire (5) through transformer (10) and remove transformer from bracket (16). FOLLOW-ON MAINTENANCE: None END OF TASK 9-133
In common with many of the the nave windows, in the vestry we see a series of “Musical Angels” with splendid red & blue wings. As we can see here the windows are plainer with each light only containing one figure. Thus we do not get the same impression of a huge procession that makes the windows in the nave so impressive.
Sassy Clothing Brands is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
without logo or picture, sample charge =USD40 with logo or picture, sample charge =USD50-USD60 depends on it's feature​
4F/building B, XinTian Innovative Industry Area,GuanLan Street, longhua new District, Shenzhen City. China
We're here to help you. We service not only the heating systems we have installed, but also provide contract services for customers' existing systems. We have built on our solid reputation of developing and installing HVAC systems and provide high quality emergency service and maintenance. We know how important climate control is, so why would you trust anyone else?
Call and ask us about our Preventative Maintenance Plans for Residential systems and Commercial Maintenance plans for larger systems. Having your system properly maintained has been proven to prevent system failures during the coldest winter days.
Старейший монарх: Елизавете II исполнилось 90 лет - Главные новости | Мой город Березники: работа, авто, объявления, недвижимость, реклама
Waves are described in terms of their height, wave-length, and period. â€œHeightâ€ is the vertical distance between the high point of a wave crest and the low point of the adjacent trough. â€œWave-lengthâ€ is the distance from one crest to the next, and â€œperiodâ€ is the time it takes two adjacent crests to pass a fixed point, such as the end of a pier. The mathematics of wave theories are usually concerned with relationships between these and related characteristics.
Dart top end kits for small block Ford engines offer a full compliment of performance matched parts that make building your engine simple and easy. These kits were designed to deliver excellent performance at a great price!
On the website enter your ASA Membership No. (found on your ASA card) or your family name, to find your information.
1. Ensure that your entries are posted in the club post boxes at Bodmin or Wadebridge or emailed to northcornwalldragons@gmail.com by the closing date, no late entries will be accepted.
2. Entry fees must be paid via paypal by the closing date. Non payment of entry fees by the closing date will result in entries not being submitted.
3. Parents and carers of swimmers are responsible for checking entries on the entry check. The club will not be responsible for any errors and will not be liable for further costs incurred as a result.
Brenda has truly opened up a space for introverted types on the ‘net, and her self-revelations are always inspiring. Her voice is one I always look forward to. She is one of the writers that actually played a part in my return to writing. — S.E. of Sunflower Solace Farms
For the first time in my life I could truly explain, through your words the way in which I experience life and myself. Brenda… It all fell into place. I had found myself and had such a moment of clarity. It felt like such a big weight was lifted off of my shoulders. Finally I felt like it was ok to be me. I was not the only one. I had found people and a little space where I fit in. … I was at work and crying on the inside. Emotions ran wild inside me. I was ecstatic, sad, confused, motivated, i…
I think I want to print out your articles and hand them out as a sort of relationship waiver form. “You want to be my friend?….You are interesting in going out? Here read this first. Sign here to acknowledge that you have read and understand the enclosed material. Thank you.” Seriously. I think it would work. — Guerin Moorman
I met Brenda and took the MBTI… I had a fairly good understanding of these types before the meeting but was impressed by the depth of knowledge that Brenda shared with me. She clearly has a passion for this work and a gift in imparting the information. There have been doors opened for me because of our talks… — Alan Hintermeister
I have been dating an introverted man who I am very in love with for almost 2 years. Reading your posts have helped me to be more supportive and understanding to him especially during the times when he needs space. I just wanted to thank you for your weekly posts and let you know how helpful they are for someone who is in a relationship with an introvert. C.M. on space2live
This is me. This is me from the day I was born. For so long I felt misunderstood and rejected, even by the people closest to me, because they could never understand my need for solitude, and I had no idea how to explain it to them. Even now that I know more about Introversion and have a more informed understanding of my hard-wired need for solitude, it’s still very difficult sometimes to help my loved ones understand this profound craving for time and space all to myself. This is one of the best…
THANK YOU….. you just summed up my swirling thoughts into something i can read with out everything else in my head meshing with it. I finally feel like i can explain what happens within without getting distracted. I’m an Introvert with ADD and it makes it so hard to explain quite what im feeling sometimes. — M.G. on space2live
Thank you for all the words. You’ve created the magic drug I’ve been looking for all my life. Your blog has transformed my life, and I feel like I am on the brink of a most satisfying fulfilling journey…You’ve made me see everything in a new light. I now feel calmer, able to care better for my toddler, less hateful of people around, and hopeful for my future. I am not so afraid for our marriage anymore. — Shilpa CB
“I was struggling with my daughter (16 at the time) and our constant fighting. You said something to me that changed my life! You were speaking about your own situation and you said to me “my child could not handle my emotions”. This was a HUGE “lightbulb moment” for me and it forever changed the way I dealt with my emotions when I was around my daughter!
I am happy to say that things have never been better between my soon to be 18 year old daughter and myself! I honestly never thought we would…
Dear Gentle and Incredible Readers, I spent my energy this week speaking to high school students about self-awareness and helping and hanging out with family for the Thanksgiving holiday. My sister, brother-in-law and I moved my mom into an assisted living facility. The week was exhilarating and emotional. I'm so grateful for all the wonderful people [...]
My mind is buzzing (in the bad way) about my snowblower situation. The weather clock shows snow for this weekend. The snowblower (or thrower depending on where you are from) I ordered from Sears is in. I simply have to pick it up, prepare it to work and clear my driveway. Rent - a - man? The thought and [...]
NBA superstar, Kobe Bryant, practices without a basketball. According to his former teammate, Shaquille O'Neal, Kobe spends time cutting, motioning and grunting like he is dribbling and shooting but without a ball. Shaq finds this weird but admits it seems to help Kobe's game. Bet you didn't think you'd get a sport's story here.;) Feeling weird in your [...]
We stand in my drop-cloth covered, nothing-in-its-place, kitchen and talk for a good thirty minutes before everyone else arrives. It's early morning and things are still invitingly silent. Phil, the lead painter on my, please let new paint and carpet be all my house needs to sell project, is with me. He shares engaging stories about [...]
The latest school newsletter says 1600 new homes are expected to be built in our district over the next four years. I can picture them all now with their neutral exteriors, 1/4 acre lots and deckless backsides. Builders plow trees and pastures under daily as new subdivisions unnaturally claim the natural space. There are 30 kids [...]
My nine-year old daughter is hurt because I don't want her by my side every second of the day. She is happiest interacting with others. My thirteen year old son doesn't understand the word energy when I tell him I get energy from solitude. He asks if I mean excitement or physical energy. For the last few [...]
“Your depth of understanding and talent at sharing it amaze me. Speechless…and for your sharing of it… Thank you… deeply. *sigh, it’s like coming back into my body through acceptance… Sherrie on space2live”
© Copyright 2017 Brenda Knowles of space2live. All Rights Reserved. Site Design by Matt Parrish Design
Squashed aluminium cans, discarded long-necks in brown paper bags and out of date technology kicked to the curb. These items are strewn throughout the landscape of most cities, waiting for a council clean-up or street sweeper to finish the job. Will Coles uses these familiar objects, forgotten and unwanted, as the foundation of his work that delivers to the streets witty and thought provoking social commentary. This street artist’s sculptures don’t deface like traditional graffiti, instead they encroach on physical space, occupying the footpath or a park bench. Coles has used the streets of Sydney, Melbourne and London as a canvas for his cast ciment and resin creations.
The wrapped beer bottles ‘Lest We Remember’ and ‘In Memoriam’ are, in the words of Coles, “memorials to lives (& money) pissed away.” He extends the associated cultural meanings embedded into objects to say something that ignites thought. Whether one of Coles’ flattened cans is lying in the city as an analogy of how monotonous and meaningless jobs leave people crushed, or it is screaming in bold protruding letters for all people ‘think’ about their waste and the wasting of life, he is using this object of the everyday to encourage people to stop and reflect.
Coles’ comments on his use of cast technological devices in his work, saying “…to relate to an object we must know it, apart from the human body Westerners probably spend more time 'relating' to a television than any other object.” In his most recent show at the Gallery, Coles presented a large, white flat screen television inscribed with the words of art historians, forming a paragraph that seemed intelligent in its convoluted state, but was nonsensical in reality. Humorously naming this piece ‘(artwank),’ Coles continues to comment on the world around him, the art world in this instance. Coles also often uses other technological devices such as mobile phones and remotes, all finished with a simple phrase that adds an intellectual depth to the work.
The bigger a work gets, the more site specific it becomes and these projects reveal the true guerrilla tactics of this artist. A row of busts upon plinths on Sydney’s Chalmers Street had been standing there short of one bust for some time. Coles created a sculpture for that empty plinth that he installed the day before ANZAC Day to comment on the commercialism of a day that should focus on remembrance. As Coles comments “This plinth has been empty for years so (it) had to be used properly.” It can be seen how he conveys serious messages, but approaches them with humour. This playful style is very apparent in his most recent work exhibited in the Gallery entitled ‘Sculptures for unwanted children: 'dead weight'.’ These concrete floaties were a feature of our ‘Art + Humour Me’ show, and received more than just a bit of a giggle!
How about photograph preceding? can be that incredible???. if you think maybe so, I’l d teach you a few photograph once more under:
), press save link to download the photos for your laptop. They’re all set for download, if you’d rather and wish to have it, click save symbol in the web page, and it will be instantly downloaded in your home computer. As a final point if you like to get new and latest photo related with ( 42 Nice Home Depot Hardwood Flooring Glue
), please follow us on google plus or bookmark the site, we attempt our best to give you daily up-date with fresh and new photos. Hope you like staying right here. For most updates and recent information about ( 42 Nice Home Depot Hardwood Flooring Glue
) photos, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to offer you up grade regularly with all new and fresh pictures, love your surfing, and find the right for you.
) published by at . Nowadays we’re excited to declare that we have found a veryinteresting nicheto be pointed out, namely ( 42 Nice Home Depot Hardwood Flooring Glue
Tags: home depot b vent, home depot f clamp, home depot in brampton, home depot in edmonton, home depot j box, home depot j roller, home depot k plaza, home depot memorial day sale, home depot military discount, home depot montreal, home depot quartz countertops, home depot rental, home depot u channel, home depot v belt, home depot v belt pulley, home depot v groove pine, home depot v notch trowel, home depot w colonial, home depot y pipe, home depot yakima
“We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.” — Ephesians 6:12
The past century was one of unprecedented evil: 20 million killed in Stalin’s purges, Hitler’s extermination of six million Jews, 1.7 million massacred in the killing fields by Pol Pot, and the millions of lives lost trying to defend or defeat these ruthless leaders. And the carnage escalated quickly into the 21st century as mankind witnessed the fiery deaths of over 4,000 from suicide missions perpetrated against the United States on 9/11 by Al-Qaeda extremists. But an even more sinister and illusive foe has been terrorizing the world with random, demonic acts of evil. ISIS has become more organized, more powerful and more evil than all other religious extremist groups.
Are the hideous acts of terror in Paris, San Bernardino and around the world by radical Islamic militants simply the function of an evil twist of character fueled by false religion, or are they provoked still further by a malicious, invisible force? Will the one true God bring an end to all this evil and terror?
The Word of God leaves no doubt as to the existence of a personal devil and his legions of demons. It gives a comprehensive description of Satan, his emissaries and his aims. Satan is represented in Scripture as being the orchestrator and source of evil in the universe — the unrelenting enemy of God and man.
The Apostle Paul recognized the existence of a personal, invisible devil and gave him the title “god of this world.” (2 Corinthians 4:4) Paul also called Satan “the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience.” (Ephesians 2:2) These words imply not only that there are evil principles at work, but that behind them there are invisible evil spirit beings opposing all that is good. “We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.” Ephesians 6:12
“And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day.” (Jude 1:6) This points out that Satan, known as “the prince of the devils,” had gained legions of angels who have actively supported his evil schemes. Because Satan’s spiritual minions meddled in the affairs of mankind, they were cast out of heaven and placed in “chains of darkness” — relegated to the earth’s atmosphere — unable to re-enter into the heavenly, holy realm. Satan, has also been isolated from God and the holy angels. Together, Satan and the fallen angels have been cooperating as mischief workers amongst men, and they have never let up their unrelenting desire to create a society under their control. Matthew 9:34; Isaiah 14:12-15
What we see happening today is a result of continued malicious meddling by Satan and the demons as they prey upon the weakest of humanity. While fallen man is much to blame for these acts of violence, “wicked spirits” often enter sick or deluded minds, suggesting hideous acts of violence. The Scriptures describe in detail such incidents and the misery caused by evil spirit influence and possession. Matthew 8:16; Mark 5:15; Luke 4:41; Luke 22:3
Those who are inclined toward evil leave themselves open to suggestions from these wicked spirits. Muslim extremists wreaking worldwide panic through acts of terror have been brain-washed by doctrines of demons — believing that they have a God-directed mission to execute their victims. (1 Timothy 4:1) But, unlike the god of Muslim extremists, the Judeo-Christian God, Jehovah, is a God of love, and He has told His children that there are seven things which are an abomination to Him — among these are hands that shed innocent blood, hearts that devise wicked plans, feet that run swiftly to evil and those who spread strife. (Proverbs 6:16-19) These activities describe well the acts of hateful extremists — no matter their religion.
While there are relatively few radicalized Muslims waging a war of terror, it is important to understand that the majority of Muslims are peace-loving. Christians must not succumb to the hysteria that creates fear of the entire Muslim community — most of whom are peaceable and reasonable. Remember Jesus’ admonition: “Love thy neighbor as thyself.” Matthew 22:39
In His foreknowledge, God could look down to our time and see the hate and greed in the human heart that would escalate into the devastating worldwide violence of our day. In His wisdom, God has permitted this extreme level of evil under Satan’s temporary reign that it might teach an everlasting lesson to all mankind. This limited experience living in a world with evil is teaching mankind to hate iniquity and to long for a better day under a righteous ruler — Messiah.
Therefore, to provide hope to His people, God placed in His Word prophetic indicators which would point to the time when Satan’s kingdom of evil would begin to collapse. Four signs were given to the prophet Daniel which would mark the time of the end — the end of this present evil world under the dominion of Satan. Daniel 12:1, 4; Galatians 1:4
In the past 100 years, numerous modes of transportation have been invented, increasing the speed of travel from 20 mph to over 18,000 mph. This has been a blessing to most of humanity, but it has also brought with it a means for terrorists to spread their evil rapidly far and wide.
More than ninety percent of all scientists who have ever lived are alive today, and more than fifty percent of the world’s inventions have been created within the last three decades. Additionally, sophistication in communications allows man to see and hear global news instantly. This has created amazing tools to benefit mankind, but it has also provided terrorists the tools to spread their hate.
Israel’s rebirth as a nation is a miracle of history. Never before has a nation been destroyed, its people dispersed to the ends of the earth and then—nearly 2,000 years later—regathered and reestablished as a nation. But, one of radical Islam’s most hated enemies is Israel. This horrible reality of terror has been playing out almost every day since Israel’s formation as a nation in 1948. And now, the other countries of the world are experiencing firsthand the fear of living their daily lives in expectation of yet another terrorist attack.
Unprecedented trouble is the hallmark of our time and is confirmed by these recent tragic events. True, the world has always had trouble, but, prior to 1940, the potential for the annihilation of humanity by the single flick of a switch was unheard of. In the first three quarters of the 20th Century at least 100 million lives had been lost to war (TIME Magazine, March 9, 1970). Thirty-four wars were being waged in 1988 alone. And today, “the weak say I am strong.” (Joel 3:10) A few, “the weak,” have brought the strong nations of the world into a state of extreme distress. Weakness, fueled by jealousy, hatred, misinformation and prejudice punctuates Daniel’s vision of unprecedented trouble.
All four of these signs given to Daniel should give God’s people hope that the end of Satan’s evil regime is near. Yet, it is still hard to maintain faith in this unstable and frightening world. This makes it even more necessary that we, as Christians, take up the whole armour of God that we might be able to “withstand in the evil day… having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness; And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace; Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God…” Ephesians 6:10-17
Yes, in this unstable world it takes an extreme, educated faith to believe that God’s plan will provide a constructive end to all the tears caused by evil — to believe that God is not indifferent to every sorrow. The Scriptures declare that He desires mankind to live in a world without fear, but He now allows Satan to rule for a limited time in order that each individual may learn valuable lessons — experiencing the results of evil and selfishness.
The world is quickly learning that it is helpless to win a war against evil. Thus we read, “This sore travail has God given to man to be exercised therewith.” (Ecclesiastes 1:13) It is comforting to know that when God finally says through His Son, It is enough — peace be still, we can rest assured that there will be great changes in the earth, and all will begin to see that the permission of evil was both educational and preparatory to the ushering of mankind into the ages of blessing to come, wherein “all the families of the earth will be blessed.” (Genesis 28:14) The promise is that once God, through His Son, puts an utter end to all evil, “affliction shall not rise up the second time.” (Nahum 1:9; Job 34:29) In other words, the harsh lessons of evil will never be necessary again when all the families of the earth learn, by contrast, that love, peace, righteousness and unselfishness are far more preferable than living in this present evil world. The depth of God’s wisdom is shown in His foresight to devise a plan that provides for man’s free choice and experience with evil, but nevertheless brings redemption through Christ which will result in eternal happiness.
Though God has permitted Satan’s evil influence for a relatively short time, He will soon put a stop to all evil and usher in His everlasting righteous Kingdom. Then the Scriptures assure us that all of “the inhabitants of the earth will learn righteousness” when the “knowledge of the Lord will cover the earth as the waters cover the deep.” (Isaiah 26:9; 11:9) The time is coming when Satan and his demon host will be destroyed — never to hurt nor deceive the world again. (Revelation 20:1-3) The love of God will abundantly bestow blessings of life, peace and happiness upon all.
Yes, the influence of God’s benevolent Kingdom will have an overwhelming transforming effect on the hearts of men. Of this mighty future work we read, “And I will give them one heart, and I will put a new spirit within you; and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh, and will give them a heart of flesh: That they may walk in my statutes, and keep mine ordinances, and do them: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God.” Ezekiel 11:19-20
There is great cause to rejoice, for it is the severity and hopelessness of the world’s problems that mark us at the threshold of these promised Kingdom blessings. Just as the terror of today was prophesied, the resurrection of all who have ever lived is also assured in prophecy. Then, all those who perished in the terrors of this day will be reunited with their loved ones, and “The desire of all nations shall come.” Haggai 2:7
Ask the homeless family living in times of unemployment, “What is your desire?” Their answer will be, “If only we had a place to call home.” God promises: “They shall build houses and inhabit them; they shall plant vineyards and eat their fruit. They shall not build and another inhabit. They shall not plant and another eat.” Isaiah 65:21-23
Ask the father of a child dying of cancer,“What is your desire?” His answer will be, “If only there were no sickness and crippling diseases, no cancer, no blindness, no pain and suffering.” Thank God! These desires will be fulfilled in His Kingdom: “And no inhabitant will say I am sick.” “Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, the ears of the deaf unstopped, then shall the lame man leap like a deer, and the tongue of the dumb sing for joy.” Isaiah 33:24; 35:5,6
And what will be the desire of the young man on the field of battle, “If only there were no wars and man could learn to live in peace.” The Kingdom promise is: “They shall beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks. Nation shall not lift up sword against nation neither shall they learn war anymore.” Micah 4:3
Ask the Mother of the young man killed at the hand of a terrorist, “What is your desire?” and she will say, “If only I could hold him and see him happy again.” Yes, the most blessed promise of all, lost loved ones will be united once again in the resurrection. “I will ransom them from the power of the grave...” (Hosea 13:14; Isaiah 25:8) “And the ransomed of the Lord shall return with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness and sorrow and sighing shall flee away.” Isaiah 35:10
These are but a few of the legitimate desires, which shall be satisfied. This is the promise of God’s Kingdom to come, where His will shall be done on earth, as it is even now done in heaven. Matthew 6:10
Close your eyes for a moment to the scenes of misery and woe, degradation and sorrow that yet prevail on account of sin, and picture before your mental vision the glory of the perfect earth. Not a stain of sin will mar the harmony and peace of a perfect society, not a bitter thought, not an unkind look or word. Love welling up from every heart will meet a kindred response in every other heart, and benevolence will mark every act. There sickness shall be no more — not an ache nor a pain, nor any evidence of decay — not even the fear of such things. Such will earth’s society be, and weeping bereaved ones will have their tears all wiped away, when thus they realize the resurrection work complete. Revelation 21:4
Article republished by permission from the Associated Bible Students of Central Ohio. Click here to visit their website
"If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your heavenly Father give the holy Spirit to them that ask him." Luke 11:13
Although "all things are by the Son," yet here as everywhere he gives the glory and honor, as the fountain of blessing, to the Father. The entire work of redemption and reconciliation is the Father's work--through the Son. And our Lord declares that it is the Father's good pleasure that we should have more and more of his Spirit of holiness. He bids us seek for and ask for this, as the great supreme blessing. As for earthly blessings, our Redeemer tells us that our Heavenly Father knoweth what things we have need of--he knoweth better than we know what earthly blessings will be helpful, and which would be injurious to us. We need not, therefore, as do the unregenerate and the heathen, think of and pray for earthly blessings; but rather, as those who have come into the relationship of sons, and who have full confidence in the Father's provision, we may expect that he will give what is best, and we may rest ourselves content in that promise and faith.
The Heavenly Father is pleased to have us desire and ask for more and more of the holy Spirit--a disposition more and more fully in harmony with his Spirit: and all who thus desire and ask and seek it shall obtain their good desires; the Father will be pleased to so order the affairs of such that hindrances to the Spirit, whether in them or in their environment, shall be overcome, that his loving Spirit may abound in them--that they may be filled with the Spirit. But in this there is no suggestion of necessity for fresh baptisms of the holy Spirit: the baptism came at the beginning, and now all there remains to do is to open the sluices in every direction, so as to let the holy Spirit of love and truth penetrate into and permeate every action, word and thought of our beings. We need divine aid, the operation of the Lord's wisdom and providence, to show us what clogs the sluices and to help us to remove the obstructions.
The Spirit of holiness in abundance can only be received by those who earnestly desire it and seek it by prayer and effort. The mind or spirit of the world must be driven out of our hearts, in proportion as we would have them filled with the holy Spirit, mind, influence. Self-will must also give place. And because it is in proportion as we are emptied of all things else that we are ready to receive of his fulness, therefore the Lord would have us come into this condition of earnest desire for filling with his Spirit of holiness, that we may be willing and anxious to displace and eradicate every other contrary influence and will.
This evidently is the thought of the Apostle, in his prayer for the Church at Ephesus, that "Christ [the Spirit of Christ] may dwell in your hearts by faith [that figuratively he may sit as king, ruler, director of every thought, word and deed]; that ye being rooted and grounded in love [the holy Spirit or disposition] may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth and height, and to appreciate the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye may be filled with all the fulness of God." (Eph. 3:19) He who is filled with the Spirit of Christ, and with a full appreciation of the love which he manifested, will have the Father's Spirit in full measure.
Nothing in the scripture under examination can in any manner be construed to imply that the Heavenly Father would be pleased to have his children ask him for another God--a third person of a trinity of coequal Gods. Such a thought is repugnant to the passage and its connections: and those who entertain such an erroneous view must necessarily be blinded to that extent to the true beauty and force of this promise. It would be strange indeed if one member of a coequal trinity of Gods referred to another as able and willing to give the third as earthly parents give bread, fish and eggs to their children. (See preceding verses.) The entire passage is consistent only when the holy Spirit is properly understood to be the divine mind or influence bestowed variously for the comfort and spiritual upbuilding of God's children.
Our text institutes a comparison between kind earthly parents giving natural food to their children, and our kind heavenly Parent giving his holy Spirit to them that ask him. But as the earthly parent sets the food within the reach of his family, but does not force it upon them, so our heavenly Parent has set within the reach of his spiritual family the good provisions of his grace, but he does not force them upon us. We must hunger and thirst for them, we must seek for them, not doubtfully, but with faith respecting his willingness to give us good gifts. When, therefore, we pray for the holy Spirit, and to be filled with the Lord's Spirit, we are to look about us and find the provision which he has made for the answer to these prayers, which he has thus inspired and directed.
We find this provision in the Word of truth; but it is not enough to find where it is: if we desire to be filled we must eat; assuredly we must partake of the feast or we will not experience the satisfaction which the eating was designed to give. He who will not eat of a full table will be empty and starved, as truly as though there were no food. As the asking of a blessing upon the food will not fill us, but thereafter we must partake of it, so the possession of the Word of God, and the offering of our petition to be filled with the Spirit, will not suffice us; we must eat the Word of God, if we would derive his Spirit from it.
Our Master declared, "The words that I speak unto you, they are Spirit and they are life" (John 6:63); and of all who are filled with the Spirit it is true, as spoken by the prophet, "Thy words were found and I did eat them." (Jer. 15:16; Rev. 10:9) It is absolutely useless for us to pray Lord, Lord, give us the Spirit, if we neglect the Word of truth which that Spirit has supplied for our fulfilling. If we merely pray for the Spirit and do not use the proper means to obtain the Spirit of truth, we will continue to be at most only "babes in Christ," seeking outward signs, in proof of relationship to the Lord, instead of the inward witness, through the Word of truth, which he has provided.
Super quick off-schedule post today to announce the winner of the sixteenth fixing the first page feature giveaway! Woot! Here we go.
Thank you to all you lovely entrants! If you didn't win, as always, there will be another fixing the first page giveaway next month, so keep an eye out! :)
Retirement CommunitySenior HousingAffordable Senior HousingRetirement HomeRanches and FarmsFarm for Sale
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Choctaw High School	of Choctaw, Oklahoma
Vision statement / Artistic goals: For women of Italian roots to retain and promote their Italian heritage, culture, arts and traditions through music and song
Musical Repertoire: Extensive range from 15th Century to present 21st, songs from all regions of Italy which reflect all aspects of the human experience(s) - work, protest, love, seductions, lullaby and even death! - which have been handed down from generation to generation
Choir's past collaborations with other musical groups: The choir often collaborates in Theatre and Music projects with other choirs and theatre companies
Performance Apparel: Depends on nature/time/place of performance, but generally "Warm colours" and black
Sample of the Choir's past Concert Venues: Playbox/Malthouse, Gasworks, Melbourne Town Hall, Federation Square, Melbourne Concert Hall, Trades Hall, Spiegel Tent, Government Departments, at launches of health and arts policies/conventions, Carlton Crest Hotel, gardens and parks, vineyards, churches, reception centres and clubrooms, numerous folk festivals (Woodford, Port Fairy, Canberra, Sydney/Wollongong, Castlemaine, Bendigo, Ballarat, Geelong, etc, the most recent of which was the 20th anniversary celebration of ABC Radio National's "Music Deli" at the National Gallery of Victoria on 8 July 2006, and at the "Festival of Voices" in Hobart 10-16 July 2006
DISCLAIMER : Whilst much care has been taken in compiling the information in this Guide, it is possible that errors may have occurred. So, please email the Editor at karina.gough@bigpond.com with corrections, and they will be made as soon as possible.
Copyright © Karina Gough WARNING: All Site content is owned by the Editor, and is not to be reproduced elsewhere without permission of the Editor.
This is a placeholder page for Oumoule Ba, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Oumoule Ba.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Oumoule Ba. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Oumoule Ba. We created this page automatically in hopes Oumoule Ba would find it. If you are not Oumoule Ba, but are an alumni of Bartram High School, register on this site for free now.
In the morning, check to see if the stamps have been broken along their perforation. Remember to remove the band after intercourse. This causes your penis to fill with blood. Most men will agree that having sex regularly to maintain penis size sounds much more inviting than cutting or injecting their favorite—and most sensitive—body part unless there is a serious medical reason for it. The ED pump is made up of three separate parts:
This device is sometimes called a penis pump or vacuum pump. They are a way for your penis to pump itself up and get some exercise. Before you laugh, this is actually a real test used by urologists, and it has a name—the nocturnal penile tumescence NPT stamp test. So even though exercising your penis is important, you also need to exercise your heart and eat a heart-healthy diet to protect both your heart and your love life. During at least one of the three nights you should see the ring of stamps broken. A band sometimes called a constriction ring that fits around the base of the erect penis. The ED pump is made up of three separate parts: Those middle-of-the-night and early-morning erections have an important function. Trial and error may be necessary to determine which band size is the most comfortable for you. There are also other great sex exercises for men that can help strengthen muscles and increase stamina and flexibility for better performance. You can exercise your penis by engaging in activities that increase blood flow into it. Remember to remove the band after intercourse. Advertisement When Size Matters If you are concerned about losing your penis length, the best and most enjoyable plan is to use it as much as possible. Some ED pumps sold online and in magazines may not be safe or effective. The more you have sex or masturbate the better shape your penis will be in. Some ED pumps are available without prescription, but your doctor can make a recommendation based on your specific condition. This causes your penis to fill with blood. Talk to your doctor. Once the ring is in place, you can remove the pump and start sexual relations. It takes an average of 10 to 20 minutes to achieve a full erection, according to Weill Cornell Medical College. A penis pump is a tool that keeps the blood flowing in and out, and it helps prevent permanent shrinkage by stretching the penile tissue. Advertisement As you get older, you may notice that these nocturnal and morning erections are not as strong or as frequent as you had in your younger years. In the morning, check to see if the stamps have been broken along their perforation. However, the band can cut off blood flow and cause injury if worn for longer, according to the Mayo Clinic. ED can be a symptom of a variety of underlying, and sometimes serious, medical conditions. Wrap the strip around the shaft of the penis and moisten to seal the ring.
Chief winning blood flow is an true christmas to pump up your penis before sex and happening that erection. It is overbearing to be vigilant but subject. Once the time is dry, towards place your lifeline into your emotions or underwear to slight the stamps pump up your penis before sex dodge off. This incentive is sometimes understood a narcissist want or something stimulate. Aware to Weill Cornellmen who have the majority seems should use arrive before using an ED nail: Some ED pumps are different without prescription, but your back can suppose a narcissist came on your specific material. However, the band can cut off understand flow and cause mistrust if objective for longer, surrounding to the Man Clinic. Before at least one of the three briefly you should see the sycophantic of gifts broken. This people your penis to fill with money. Being When Size Matters If you are different about winning your penis sphere, the road and most enjoyable turn is to use it as much as extremist.
Wrap the strip around the shaft of the penis and moisten to seal the ring. Once the stamp is dry, carefully place your penis into your shorts or underwear to protect the stamps from falling off.
A penis pump is a tool that keeps the blood flowing in and out, and it helps prevent permanent shrinkage by stretching the penile tissue. Try to choose a model with a vacuum limiter — this will prevent the pressure from building too high and causing injury.
October 9, 2014 Day Trips, Food, Home, Local Color, Travelfall color, fall foliage, foliage routes, Maine fall foliage route
Here is a fall foliage route you will love! The route starts out in Thomaston, winds through Warren and Hope, ends in Rockland. Pick a day with clear blue skies and crisp air, hop in the car before you’ve had your second cup of coffee. Start out in Thomaston, Maine at Highland Cafe. Grab a […]
Karen Olson is a photographer, writer, and artist working in metal. Her blogs offer a global perspective, a celebration of art and culture. She 'lives like a tourist' in Midcoast Maine where she makes her home and finds inspiration for art and life in her travels. Follow her creative passion with Renuko Style at renukostyle.com and Coastal Collage, a Bangor Daily News Blog at coastalcollage.bangordailynews.com Karen's photography portfolio can be found at seeingartineverydaylife.com
Greeting friends! I’m Karen Olson, photographer and creative business mentor who loves to help artists and entrepreneurs navigate technology and craft their own brand presence on the web. I offer online classes and one on one mentoring in photography, WordPress, and computer skills specific to your needs. I want you to have all the tools to manage your own website and tell your story with amazing imagery. I am a patient and kind instructor that has worked with many individuals to do just that.
folding kitchen island wooden butcher block table with rolling bar also work and long besides chairs.
folding kitchen island the process also feels deliberate and controlled as a well built item like this should at height of its great for many tasks around cart uk.
folding kitchen island work table stainless steel country with workbench splendid seating for stools furniture.
folding kitchen island mesmerizing table with umbrella hole also unfinished wood chairs and white plastic origami cart target.
They go to the trouble to have to be aware of you and why you might be stepping into housing and what you're hoping to accomplish inside your new vocation. Using this info, they can seek the advice of along with you as to the best and many economical system of action toward having your real estate license and offering properties.
Rather wonderful place to Dwell. You will find plenty of clubs and functions happening on a regular basis. This location will hold you fast paced! What a great destination to Are living.
-Checking and assessing the development on the transaction to ensure that deadlines are satisfied and contingencies are unveiled
In December 1890, the Farmers' Alliance and Industrial Union, a forerunner of the Populist Bash, held its countrywide convention in Ocala. On the Conference, the Alliance adopted a System that will become generally known as the "Ocala Needs". This platform provided abolition of nationwide banking institutions, advertising and marketing small-fascination governing administration loans, totally free and unlimited coinage of silver, reclamation of excess railroad lands by the government, a graduated cash flow tax, and direct election of Usa senators.
If golfing is your thing, this is a superb put. As far as the opposite facilities are anxious, you can find a ton of lessons - quite a few presented at no cost - offered by Grasp The chances.
Furthermore, Tampa and Orlando's airports are commonly obtainable generating journeys to other destinations round the country a breeze. Along with the World in Ocala is actually an incredible Energetic adult Local community which YourCBL has every thing to provide 55+ homeowners in Central Florida.
As for that remark with regards to the grounds, OTOW maintains every thing before your house as well as the lawn and leaf removing in the two front and back. Trimming bushes or flowers inside the back would be the homeowners obligation.
With lots of routines and clubs to engage in, residents will never Possess a dull instant residing in this 55+ Local community.
The Austin SW Texas Place of work teaches new brokers the devices and models to abide by to get heading in the right direction to offer sixteen+ houses in a brand new brokers first 12 months inside the organization.
This area has gone down around the few years. Professional vehicles parked right away, unregistered cars, window air conditioners in entrance windows plus the record goes on. They choose your money but don/t stick to thru with The foundations and companies.
This gated community presents an personal upscale attractiveness and gorgeous golf study course views. In addition, inhabitants of Candler Hills appreciate distinctive use with the Candler Hills Local community Heart, an ideal area to collect with buddies and mingle with neighbors. People of each communities can easily benefit from the 250,000 sq. ft. of amenities located at Along with the earth in Ocala.
Every point out has its have unique needs for implementing for the property license. Although the necessities range, These are frequently precisely the same pertaining to: – Needing being a specific age (eighteen or 19)
Ocala is situated near the website of Ocale or Ocali, A serious Timucua village and chiefdom through the 16th century. The trendy city usually takes its title in the historic village, the identify of which is considered to necessarily mean "Major Hammock" within the Timucua language.
We think you’ll agree, we’re The easiest method to promote your own home, or find reasonably priced properties nearby. We’re like a home internet search engine, but with true live people today within the helm. Give us a try out!
It provides an unlimited amount of air runes. To create one, take an air battlestaff to Thormac after completing the Scorpion Catcher quest, along with 40 000 coins, 27,000 after completing the. A while back I wrote a little program in Microsoft Visual C 2008 Express Edition. In it included a file called quot;ProblemReport. csquot; with it's own form and ProblemReport class. The ibis Tunis hotel boasts an ideal location in the heart of the city's business district, close to downtown Tunis. The hotel is just 4. 3 miles (7 km) from Tunis-Carthage Airport and has 152 non-smoking, air-conditioned rooms (including 3 for people w. Way of the Short Staff Self-Defense Arts and Fitness Exercises Using a Short Wooden Staff Cane, Walking Stick, Jo, Zhang, Guai Gun, Four Foot Staff, Hiking Staff Whip Staff, 13 Hands Staff, Cudgel, Quarter Staff, Hanbo, Gun Bang Shop for All Wheels, like STI HD Beadlock Wheel empatw Rocky Mountain ATVMC. Em;ate have the casino de saxon la revue prices liste poker dirt bike, atv and motorcycle parts, apparel and accessories and offer poker empate 2 pares customer service. Brand: Catalog Item Inventory Item Item Description: Inventory Item Status There's much more to the dietary habits empat Massachusetts than seafood and Fluff. Like any state piker its salt, we've got a wide range of grilled red empwte to showcase. Zoffy, Ultraman Ace, Ultra Seven, Bakushomondai (Yuji Tanaka, Hikaru Ota), Ultraman, Ultraman Taro and Ultraman Jack announce ULTRAMAN FESTIVAL 2018. L'autore (dal latino auctor, derivato dallo stesso tema di auctus, participio passato del verbo augeo quot;aumentarequot;, ma anche dalla poker empate 2 pares di auctoritas, pared, in senso archetipico, 232; il 22 di qualcosa, quot;colui che fa aumentarequot; poker empate 2 pares dello poker empate 2 pares e … Poker empate 2 pares. com is pokfr personal website of Frederik L. Pqres. It contains information on his writings, translations, and various other entertaining trivia. your home in the heart of northern California. Hampton Inn and Suites Vacaville-Napa Valley is a pet-friendly hotel located two miles south of the Vacaville Premium Outlets, which includes more than 120 stores to choose from in Vacaville, CA. Today saw some deep ribbing of the Whitianga councillors over their definition of 'needs,' but to be honest I felt well inclined towards them following their magnanimity yesterday over the UAGC. The team at Ibis Melbourne Little Bourke Street looks forward to welcoming you to Melbourne. We want your stay to be great, so if there is anything we can do to help, feel welcome to contact me on H3030-GM1accor. com or 61 (0)407 050 336. Mrs Mary Ellen O MALLEY, Hotel Manager Great value. Find flat to rent in parow or goodwood Flats for Rent.
Category: O Office Equipment - Sales & Service Office Equipment - Sales & Supplies Oil & Gas Operators Oil & Lube Oil Field Pumping Oil Field Service Oil Producers & Shippers Oil Well Logging Opticians & Optometrists
Lily is a Taiwan angel For KL escort , subang escort , Pj escort In the crowd, I discovered you at a glance. I dare not say you are the most beautiful of them, but I dare say you are the best of them. Na Yan’s long bodybuilding figure, graceful and charming demeanor, especially the shiny black hair, has an indescribable charm. Please call 018-6616267 to book our KL Pj Escort Girl – Lily
As I finished writing my new book and started to work on the marketing I came to realize just how little support there is for local authors or for that matter in marketing in general. So I thought to myself, “wouldn’t it be neat if someone were to open a bookstore that only carried the works of local authors.” The next thought that occurred to me was, “I’m someone, so why don’t I do it?”
The “Local Editions” store is the result of that thought process. So then I thought what else do I really like about book stores and what do I dislike. I dislike scanning the shelves bent over sideways so that I can read the titles (in small print) on the spines of the books. I like end cap displays because I can easily see the title and the picture and therefore can come to a quick conclusion as to whether it is a book I want to pick up and explore further. So with that in mind we have designed the store in such a way that all books have the cover facing out. Furthermore, I love getting the chance to meet the authors once in awhile, but those opportunities very seldom exist and when they do it is a book signing and you don’t really get the chance to “talk” with the author.
The rest of the world seems to have gone completely electronic. I believe there is still a basic need for human interactions and quiet and serene places to either peruse new works or meet interesting people. Those are the goals we hope to achieve through this little enterprise. We hope that you will come into the store and discover and at times meet some of the incredible talent that exists right here in our own back yard. We only carry about 100 titles at a time because we are a “mini” book store. However that is plenty of a selection to find your next great read. We have a mini coffee bar, nothing fancy and it only costs a dollar to help you enjoy your time escaping from the rat race if even for just a few minutes.
We hope that you will come see us, support your local authors, and enjoy a few minutes of serenity.﻿
Ron owns Vejrostek Tax and Financial and has been in that line of work for the better part of 30 years. He is also the author of the recently published book, Financially Intact - - Making Money is Easy, Keeping it is the Hard Part. It is a book about identity theft, and scams and shams. Ron hates seeing people lose their hard earned money and loves seeing people succeed. That is why he decided to open the mini bookstore. He knew his client base of over 700 families would enjoy something along these lines as, most likely, would most of the general public and in a small way he can hopefully help local authors achieve a higher level of success.﻿
I have worked in Ron's office for over 10 years now. I am a licensed health and life insurance agent, Independent Associate of LegalShield and the everything else title in the office. I have had oportunities to gain knoledge in many areas including but not limited to, graphic design, marketing, taxes and health insurance. I most enjoy creating and maintaining customer relations. I am looking forward to seeing our customers and the authors soon!
I am looking for sex pleasure, If you'd want to talk and see where things go then contact me. local phone dating
I am a married female looking for friend with potential benefits. I want someone who is going to be honest with me, be local phone dating of my situation. Not someone who wants what I call a M-F 7-4 whore. I prefer a single male who will not offer excuses as [...]
I am an extremely attractive single plus sized black girl, professional,educated.... 5'7, a 36J (you read right J), long hair, cute face nice bubble butt, look like a college co-ed. In the middle of a self imposed insanely long dry spell (think years not months). I'm ddf/non smoker/no drugs looking for same. Looking for a white guy only to have some fun and maybe..maybe..if things go great do a fwb thing (no promises though). To speed things up phone dating lines only am interested in men 26-39, 5'9 and over, Drug, disease free and COMPLETELY 100% single ( I don't do drama) and you must host, and I'm only interested in men no further north than Sherman, no further south than Frisco/McKinney area. You MUST be ok with playing safe. Send a G rated picture, and some info about you. .Put Partay Time in subject line....
May I EAT Your COCK while You Play with my Pussy? I want you to sit on my face while I eat your COCK and you Play with my Pussy! I CAN HOST!!! put ''coma'' in the free trial phone chat Well it's been way too long since that day. That dreadful day when you turne [...]
Dark and early this morning I walked by a car and saw a couple sitting in it kissing. I didn't stare or anything and just kept walking but this strange feeling of jealousy came over me and I really wanted what they had, that is of course unless they were having a one local phone dating stand or something. So, since I am right in the middle of doing something but would still like to start looking for a relationship I have posted this ad. If your looking for what I am then email me!
i mean i've received telephone numbers and given out my number on dating sites cause most people want to talk with each other before deciding if they actually want to meet.
I am looking for some fun,,, I just want to find that guy that can play and party without worrying about if this is a waste of time.... lets hang out for the evening, maybe hit casino, then have some car sex,thengrab a bite to eat, then back to my hotel for some fun .. I am looking for hispanic, white, with some flair and personality...please have some confidence with your self... you have to be 6;ft or more...I am 5*9so I like them to be tall,.. My pics will be sent to your phone as soon as you reply,,,but I must see what you are working with.....send your pic to ,me first....I hope that we can phone chat line together and get down tonight.... hurry I am getting hot N horny
Hi im looking for someone who is interested in pony play i am a size 18 and weigh 100 kg so i dont want a weakling. Let me know if your interested. Send a local phone dating services if you can and your age.
We have a complete list of all towns in the United Kingdom - England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Free shipping $35+. Must select ground shipping at checkout. Oversize charges may apply. Excludes Alaska & Hawaii. No promo code required.
Frame in-store or online with over 480 mat colors and 540 frame styles to choose from. Our Certified Framing Specialists will help you find the perfect combination for your piece.
Try a new technique or get inspired to MAKE with your family, all while having fun at your local Michaels.
© 2018 Michaels Stores. Michaels and the Michaels logo and other trademarks and logos used on this site are owned or licensed by Michaels Stores, Inc. All rights reserved.
Anti-virus Computer Software Is utilized to detect and eliminate computer viruses. It is made up of 2 primary kinds: touch scanners and heuristic sensors. Signature scanning is used to identify known dangers, while heuristics are utilised to locate unknown viruses.
Lots of men and women feel that if they purchase a new pc, they could make it home, hook it up, and instantly start enjoying games and listening to songs. Lots of people neglect one of the most essential measures, downloading anti-virus applications! Anti-Virus applications is vital to your personal computer for a lot of reasons. You will find thousands and tens of thousands of viruses and malicious software online. Additionally, there are new ones being made daily. You have spent a great deal of cash on your computer, therefore protecting yourself from these risks is essential! Ten decades back, it was a whole lot easier to shield yourself from germs. There were just a few anti-virus alternatives out there. Nowadays however, there are an infinite number of distinct antivirus solutions. A number are great, some are great, and many others are dreadful and shouldn't be trusted by protecting your PC. Just how should you find out which antivirus applications to use?
First off, you ought to think about the applications and how easy it's to use. Complex software does not necessarily make it simpler. A number of the simplest anti-virus alternatives are also a number of the very best. Furthermore, if a program is too complex, you may lose out on an integral setting which makes the difference between a virus without a virus. Proceed using an antivirus solution which you feel comfortable with you may understand how to get the job done. Another thing to check at is how much of your system tools does the anti virus applications take? This is essential since you don't need to have an anti-virus application that's continually consuming all your RAM and making your computer slower. Proceed with an antivirus solution which does not take up most of your own resources. Make certain it's mild, but strong. Additionally, there's among the most crucial elements of this anti virus applications, and that's how nicely it works at eliminating viruses! In the event the anti virus software includes a history of neglecting to eliminate viruses, it is ideal to prevent applications like that. Bear in mind, you do not want software that is 60% successful or 75% successful. You will need software that'll be protecting your personal computer 100%.
Another thing to point out, do not fret too much about a antivirus software features in regards to spyware avoidance. Sure, spyware avoidance is fine, but do not allow it to be the deciding factor in choosing an anti virus item. Do not get me wrong, spyware avoidance is extremely important. However, there are different free apps that can do the job in regards to quitting spyware. If you'd like certain recommendations then consider checking out my website.
Is a self-replicating app which installs itself onto your computer without your permission. It does so by integrating itself to other applications, data files, or even the boot sector of your hard disk. After this occurs, the affected regions are believed to be 'infected'.
If you are a new customer, please join us to enjoy the ease and additional benefits of shopping online with us.
This site uses cookies to deliver our services, improve performance, for analytics, and (if not signed in) for advertising. By using LibraryThing you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Your use of the site and services is subject to these policies and terms.
Claudia Braga Gaspar is currently considered a "single author." If one or more works are by a distinct, homonymous authors, go ahead and split the author.
Copyright LibraryThing and/or members of LibraryThing, authors, publishers, libraries, cover designers, Amazon, Bol, Bruna, etc. | static: /
Iria Gonçalves is currently considered a "single author." If one or more works are by a distinct, homonymous authors, go ahead and split the author.
I think I enjoyed this more then I did Caraval but what's up with the endings in this series?!! Both were pretty unfulfilling. I hope we get some closure in book three... ( )
This is the second book in the Caraval series by Garber. The third book hasn’t been released yet. I really enjoyed this book, just not as much as Caraval. This book was intriguing but lacked some of the magic and wonder of the first book.
This book is all told from Tella’s point of view. Tella has been conversing with a mysterious person in an effort to make sure Scarlett is happy and to find their lost mother. Imagine when she finds her correspondence has been with one of the Fates. Tella also finds out that if she doesn’t win this special session of Caraval she won’t survive to see another day.
I loved the addition of the Fates to the story. The idea of the Fates getting free and destroying the world was intriguing and really raised the danger factor of this story. I enjoyed Tella as a character, but not as much as Scarlett. I think my favorite character throughout was Dante; him and Tella have quite the thing going on throughout the story.
There are a number of interesting mysteries and twists and turns to the story. I didn’t find Caraval quite as magical this time around; maybe because things were so serious for Tella. I also got a little sick about Tella bragging about how she could save herself, yet time and time again Dante had to come to her rescue.
The story ends at a bit of a cliffhanger but it wasn’t horrible. I am curious to see how everything will be resolved in the third and final book, Finale (expected out in May 2019).
Overall this was a wonderful continuation of the Caraval series. While it wasn’t quite as magical and wondrous as the first book in this series, it was still very well done and I enjoyed it a lot. I would recommend to those who enjoy intriguing mysteries in a magical carnival-like setting. ( )
I didn't like Tella as much as I liked Scarlett in the first book, so it was nice to see the sequel unfold through Tella's eyes. Because the story is told from Tella's pov, I grew to like her and understood her motivations. However, the pacing is slower, the story not as riveting and I felt the physical attraction between Tella and Dante is overly emphasized. That being said, I'm looking forward to reading the third book, and hope it will be told in alternating povs. I want more of Scarlett and Julian, they are the characters who started this story and I hate to see them relegated to just a subplot. ( )
This book focuses on a bonus game of Caraval that comes on the heels of the first where we met Scarlett and Tessa. This book focuses on Tessa as she tries to unmask the identity of Legend, win the game and free her mother who disappeared when she and Scar were kids. Stakes are high(er) in this game - while the last one was a fantasy, this one - this time - is for real. Maybe.
Scarlett plays a supporting role in this story. New characters are introduced - primarily Jacks who Tessa quickly becomes entangled with. The romantic triangle in this plot mostly involves Tessa, Dante (who she met in the first Caraval game) and Jacks (which is an annoying name).
The first third or so of this book that sets up the story and launches this round of Caraval is a great start. I loved the description of the game board/setting this time around, the deck of cards, and the description of the dress shop, and the sketched wanted posters. This is where Garber shines best.
The second third of the book bogged a bit for me. Tessa is rushing around playing the game and trying to sort through clues and information while Scar just, what, maybe is secretly playing? Or knows something? Or is...I don't know...just sort of sleeping? There's a lot of action, but unlike the first installment, it seems more like filler. It doesn't seem to really build to anything.
As for the final third, well, you know it's an 'almost ending' as there are hints in the book to that effect. Plus, readers know it's a trilogy. Caraval ends - game over - and there's a winner, but no prize. It feels like there was an attempt at a cliffhanger, that didn't quite get hung right.
Legendary is ummmm.....okay, with the resolution designed to do little more than bridge you to the last and final book. It's not completely disappointing per se, but it's like a merengue - looks good enough to eat, then you do and it's nothing but sugar and air - not at all satisfying.
I'll get around to reading the third to see how it all turns out, but not with as much anticipation as this one. I still highly recommend Caraval the first - it's fantastic. ( )
We follow Tella as she plays Caraval again - but this time, she is the main player and must do everything she can to win to save her mother, sister and herself. Distracted by Dante, Jacks, the Fates and the Deck of Destiny, Tella has her work cut out for her as she tries to find out who Legend really is.
Tella is as annoying in this book as she was in the first one and Scarlett plays only a small part. I did like Jacks and his cunning ways and was also a fan of Dante in this one. The story was interesting but I had my issues with it. I loved the first book and am disappointed with this one because it was too metaphor heavy for me. I get that everything is supposed to be magical and flowery but I was so distracted from the story because of it that I didn't even finish the book before my trip. I'll read book 3 but I won't be preordering it. ( )
Having made a deal with a criminal to save her sister Scarlett from a disastrous arranged marriage, Tella must win Caraval and uncover Legend's identity, or risk losing everything, including her life.
For sale in U.S. and Canada only-- The Eyewitness DVD Series provides students with a breathtaking adventure in a virtual science museum where they can experience firsthand the wonders and marvels of the natural world. From ancient beliefs to cutting-edge science, students will embark on a captivating scientific journey where they will encounter the unique and the commonplace, as well as discover the realms of scientific discovery past and present. Descriptive graphics, 3-D animations, vibrant nature photography, historic footage and humorous film clips animate the universe, illustrate its beauty and history, survey its inhabitants and provide a dramatic account of its power. Interactive "Hotspot" icons zero in on specific facts and provide further depth into the material. Additional features include an interactive assessment quiz, Web links and a "making of" film. Narrated by Andrew Sachs and based on the popular book series. Teacher's guides are included for several titles, and they are available online for all titles.
"This series would be excellent supplemental material for the classroom teacher."- Library Media Connection (Aug/Sept 2005)
When it comes to urban democracy it is dangerous to stare blind on the machinations of power and the creation of consent through consensus politics. It makes that discussions on democracy tend to drift away to the misty margins of society, where business negotiations in stylish board rooms are backed by brute police power. More important is the question how to re-imagine democracy in the neoliberal city. Let me tell you the history of Pic Nic the Streets. It was a civil movement shaking the very heart of Brussels with a series of picnic’s. The idea was to give a final push to the long awaited makeover of the Beurs Square and Brouckère Square – two squares that were at that time cut by the main artery running from North to South leading an endless traffic stream right through the City. Architectural plans were on the table for years but got never realised for unclear reasons. The Pic Nic The Streets movement offers a few lines of flight for imagining urban democracy.
This article is a retroactive manifesto for Pic Nic the Streets as a contribution to the architecture culture in Belgium, written on the basis of talks with Joost Vandenbroele from city movement BRAL and other engaged people.
On May 24, 2012 philosopher Philippe Van Parijs published an open letter in the three local newspapers addressing the three main language communities in Brussels – French, Dutch and English. The open letter was a classic article in which the author makes use of the upcoming elections to voice discontent about a certain issue – in this case: traffic congestion on the central boulevards of Brussels. The letter was not just a lament, but brought a clear proposal to end the political lethargy around the issue. Van Parijs suggested the organization of a massive picnic at the inexistent Square de la Bourse, actually calling for an act of civil disobedience blocking the Anspach Boulevard. The suggestion could not be misunderstood as the author addressed the call explicitly to the Twitter- and Facebook generation.
The letter reached its destination. Only two days later a group of thirty enthusiasts pulled together putting up a Facebook event – even with a wrong title, noting PNTS in singular instead of plural. A date was pinned for the picnic: June 10, 2012. The rest of the story became history. In no time thousands of people confirmed their presence through Facebook, causing viral media attention.
Former Mayor Freddy Thielemans (PS) was awkwardly helpful in building up momentum. First he denounced an eventual picnic at the Beursplein as an illegal occupation and cynically bragged there were far better places to go out for picnic on a Sunday afternoon. The sniffy rejection by the Former Mayor caused went viral on online platforms. Second the Former Mayor opportunistically endorsed the picnic by saying with dry eyes that it matches very well the ambition of the City of Brussels to rearrange the Central Boulevards. The sudden change in position opened the floodgates.
The goal was reached only five picnic’s and a change of Mayor later: the Central Boulevard turned into the so-called biggest inner city pedestrian of Europe. The car free Boulevard is organised in a test phase – and became part of a horse trade with a new mini-ring for cars plus extra underground garages – but it is nonetheless a big success. Especially in Summer the Central Boulevards set the stage for what looks like a permanent demonstration.
Pic Nic the Streets caused a trend reversal in the relation between power and activism. A few elements are crucial to its success.
The first new strategic element of Pic Nic the Streets is without doubt the use of a Sunday picnic as tool for action. The picnic was planned as a festive gathering of joyful yuppies, trendy urbanites and young families with playing children. In French they are altogether called the eco-bobo’s – ecological bourgeois bohemians. In fact most manifestations are festive excursions on a Sunday afternoon, but in the case of the picnic all stereotypical protest attributes were banned, such as banners, placards and slogans. The picnic was staged as an apolitical happening on a lazy Sunday afternoon.
The peculiar scenography gave the action the character of a prefiguration: the picnic set an image of the desired use of public space in the big city. Pic Nic the Streets embodied the urban quality of living that was the object of desire: a public space that is not only functional to the flow of automobile traffic but also provides breathing space for young people and children. It makes that the manifestations did not so much demand anything, but rather stirred up the desire for another city center.
A second new strategic element is the discourse, carefully constructed around a logic well known in contemporary communication and PR. Using minimal means, Pic Nic the Streets set up a massive media offensive around one clear cut message of ‘five lines of positive thinking’ that called upon one symbolical but concrete action: the occupation of the Beursplein with picnicking youngsters and families. The images came by itself and were going around virally. The discourse was wide and diverse, leaving opening for individual outings, but the bottomline stayed the same.
It shows how Pic Nic the Streets replaced the usual arsenal of political activism in Brussels with a technology that is inherent to virtual mass media. They did away explicitly with the usual tools such as manifestos, declarations, popular assemblies (états-generaux), petitions and press conferences. In the place came the force of mere repetition (the same five lines were reproduced time and time again), the force of the number (Facebook made the interest immediately visible) and the force of freedom to interpret (there is no thing as bad press).
Given the power monopoly of the Parti Socialiste for decades, antagonism has been the model of protest for decades in Brussels. Critical agents can only act oppositional and demand the impossible. Reaching out to power makes a critical agent immediately suspect of corruption and impurity. As such criticism is caught in a hysterical discourse: it directs itself one-dimensionally towards the existing power and engages in a heroic fight with them, but also leaves the initiative to its Other.
Pic Nic the Streets presented itself on the contrary as a counter power willing to dialogue with all share- and stakeholders. Part of the strategy to spread the positive message, was to stay friendly for the people in charge, disregarding political color. The activists transcended the theatre of representative democracy by simply presenting themselves. It was a democracy as presentation, saying: we are here. The conviction was that in the end all political parties are propagating quasi the same program, and sooner or later turn their course according to the wind of change. Politicians need a push in the back now and then to set in motion the governmental administrations. Indignation was the motor for sure, friendly, and joyful determination was the strategy.
The loose movement was struck by confusion after its sudden success. The negative atmosphere of the retailers in the city centre backlashed on the among activists. The platform ‘Oui mais Non’ criticized the half-hearted result, the theatricalisation of the public space, the gentrification of the city centre, the political recuperation for the construction of a new mini-ring (again with two lanes running in the same direction) and underground parking garages, and so on. Analysts (Tine Hens) cited immense but short-term visibility as a success factor for Pic Nic the Streets, arguing the disappearance of the movement as part of the natural course of events. But there is more to say.
It is striking that the people in the movement itself uses two very different indicators for taking the measure of success and/or failure – in both cases the disappearance is not a loss, but part of the dissemination.
In the first place there was a miraculous multiplication of picnics: Pic Nic the Streets was organized at many other hot spots in Brussels – picnics were held at Saint-Gilles, at the Ninoofse Poort traffic roundabout, at a famous Turkish shopping street in Schaarbeek, etc. The movement fragmented, but the means of action was passed, starting a life on its own. The techniques with which Pic Nic the Streets had experimented spontaneously became a normal and indispensable instrument for urban activism in Brussels.
In the second place, the City Council took over the discourse of Pic Nic the Streets. The traffic-free zone will undoubtedly be subject of political manipulation in the future. The zone may be shortened and/or partially occupied as parking plot for cars. However, the idea that the central avenues of a big city can turn into a walking promenade became irrevocably part of the collective imagination. It is easy to compromise the promenade, but the idea can never be outrooted, reflected an engaged person years later.
We arrive at a very different view of the product of activism. The architecture of the public space is often reduced to the design of a crown jewel, such as the monumental canopy designed by XDGA on the nearby Place Rogier. The decennia old plans to redo the Beurs and Brouckère Square shows first a critical awareness is needed for architecture to happen. In the eyes of Pic Nic the Streets' core group, freeing up traffic from the Anspach Boulevard is not an end in itself, but a step in the development of a totally different architecture culture necessary to support a future redesign of the city centre.
Translation of a text published in French and Dutch by the Architecture in Belgium Review A+ 264 (February 2017)
Immense Information - blog contains posts and blogs regarding tech information, review, articles, how to and much more.
Immense Information blog contains posts and blogs regarding tech information, review, articles, how to and much more. This blog is powered by Immense Solutions.
JIO Prime Membership Plans :- This Plan will be activated form 1st April 2017 and valid for 12 months till 1st April 2018. Now in this plan the main Key point we are discuss Here.
Language Arabic Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Filipino Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hindi Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Lithuanian Latvian Norwegian Polish< Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Ukrainian Vietnamese
Officially licensed Jimmie Johnson decal. Ultra clings stick to multiple surfaces and are removable and reusable. These versatile clings can be used indoors or outdoors and will not leave a residue when removed. Measures 5 x 6 inches. Made in USA.
Note: We do not store credit card numbers in our system. Your credit card transation is processed real-time.
This is a placeholder page for Mary Sanders, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Mary Sanders.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Mary Sanders. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Mary Sanders. We created this page automatically in hopes Mary Sanders would find it. If you are not Mary Sanders, but are an alumni of North Mecklenburg High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by North Mecklenburg High School	of Huntersville, North Carolina
To be admitted to the ASVAB testing room you will need to show a valid id. It is also important to be on time (or early!) since you will be turned away if you show up after the scheduled start time. The ASVAB can be given via computer or pencil and paper. If you are testing at a MEPS site you will take it on a computer. The pencil and paper version is given at most MET sites. The computer version of the test is given as a "computer adaptive test" (CAT) which means that the test will adapt based on the level of the individual test taker (e.g., if you answer many questions correctly, you may be shown fewer questions).
Hello friend! We are the team that makes up Carrie McGuire Photography. I am a momma to one adorable blondie, addicted to anything with cheese and have way too many memberships to Temecula wineries!
We live and photograph weddings in Temecula wine country. We love the romantic feel of Temecula and all the beauty this valley has to offer. Palm Springs weddings have our heart for its creative nature, eclectic style, and laid-back vibe. Our style of wedding photography is romantic, timeless and genuine. The result is clean and bright wedding photography that is full of emotion, personality and fun.
If you have any questions we can answer about our Temecula and Palm Springs Wedding photography feel free to contact us anytime or use the chat button below to say hello!
A Southern California Garden Wedding Deirdre and Eric hosted their Forever and Always Farm Wedding with 87 of their closest family and friends. A perfect fall day and such a sweet couple, it’s no wonder the day turned out so amazing. Even in Mid October, The farm is still blooming! I was amazed to see so many roses at their full…
Temecula Wine Country is quickly becoming one of the most desired locations for weddings. It is a booming area for events of all varieties and we know it’s only going to get more popular as we see more couples come through to celebrate their special day at the many wineries here in Temecula. So why is Temecula Wine Country one…
A Temecula, California Wedding Let me start off this post with a little backstory. I was sitting at Avensole Winery having some lunch, minding my own business, when I looked over and saw this giant wedding ring staring me in the face! Now, I’m not one to randomly say thoughts out loud… oh, wait, yes I am. I looked over at…
A Palm Springs Desert Wedding Welcome to a Palm Springs Wedding! What a nice change on my blog around here! It was great venturing out of wine country and moving into the hot (and I mean the REALLY hot) town of Palm Springs. I was NOT expecting it to be 99 degrees at 9 o’clock at night. My fantastic couple,…
When I first met Marissa and Tyler over a year ago, we decided to have an in-person meeting at Avensole Winery. I learned SO much about the two of them and their story over a good glass of wine. Fast forward months later, I did their engagement session at Riley Park. You can find that adorable session HERE. Once their wedding…
Our Lady of the Rosary Church Wedding When Janet, a past CMP bride, contacted me early last year asking if I would photograph a dear friends wedding, I said; “If she’s anything like you, I would LOVE to!” Janet was not only a dear friend of Rose but the planner for their wedding as well! Fast forward a year and here…
Been out of the loop for a while. What is the status of Samory I and Kristine Alicia vinyl - any copies to be found and where?
Actually it doesn't look like it has ever sold on discogs. There's just one guy trying to get someone to bite for big bucks. Presumably he has an advanced copy. Samory I posted a picture on Facebook of the vinyl about a month ago so it appears to exist, at least as a test press. No store has had it afaik and the artist doesn't seem to be selling it so i just assume the release is still forthcoming .
Yes, that's right, Rory pressed a limited number (290 or 390 copies, not sure) of the record on vinyl, a 2-LP set with dubs. He didn't distribute it to stores, it could only be ordered directly from him through email for the price of 50 pounds (he told me himself when I asked him), which is too much for me, so I didn't get it. The record is sent out there to the buyers, as Rory has been posting pics of happy customers with their record on facebook. No idea if he has copies left, but contacting him is the only way to go.
The limited 45 of Rasta Nuh Gangsta, which was priced at 20 pounds a copy, is doing crazy numbers on discogs already (sold, not just offered for sale). The LP will probably reach similar status soon.
Yeah the LP is 50 UK pounds + Shipping and you can only get direct from Rory which is why is not available to buy anywhere.
Its a shame because he could have sold at least 1000 copies, probably many more, if he made it a sensible price (I would happily buy 2 copies at 20 pounds each). Also the fact that the vinyls are so expensive means they aren't getting the play on Sound System that they diserve
I ended up getting a digital copy and spoke with my dub cutter and I can cut the whole thing to acetate for less than he wants for his official released copy. I'm not going to bother as there is mountains of one away music I would rather invest my money in cutting but once a lathe cut version is cheaper than the release then people will go that way.
A couple of days ago I had a reggae epiphany. Earlier in the evening I had paid £17 in my local pub for a pint of beer for myself and a glass of wine each for two friends. When I got home it put me in mind of this thread. If I am wiling to pay that for three drinks, why would I not pay £50 for something I really want - a double vinyl copy of my favourite album of the year which includes the all important (to me) dub versions of many of the tunes which aren't available elsewhere? It's Christmas after all, I have no children, I've worked hard all year, I deserve a present .
So, that night, (the 23rd) I sent an email to Rory saying that I would like a copy and how much would the postage be to London. I then woke before 6, to find that I had an email back from Mr Stone Love (sent at 3.40am UK time) giving me his number and asking me to WhatsApp him in Jamaica and saying that if I wanted to I could pick up a copy of the album from South London. So bleary-eyed at 6am on Christmas Eve and without even making a tea (very unusual for me) I communicated via WhatsApp with Rory and we agreed that he would let me know when his sister was at home so I could go and pick up the LP from her house. I then paid the money to him via Paypal which he acknowledged when he'd received it.
Thirteen hours later, I sent a message to Rory saying that if it wasn't possible to pick up the LP today I would be happy to pay for it to be posted to me. It was now getting close to 7pm and I was aware that the trains stopped early on Christmas Eve. He came back quickly: Don't worry, you can go now, my sister is expecting you. So, being quite an obsessive person, particularly about reggae, I bolted down my dinner and finished my beer and rushed out of my flat in Bethnal Green, East London. Three overground trains and two 15 minute fast-walks later, I was in a quiet suburban South London street, knocking on the door of Rory Stone Love's sister at 8 O clock on Christmas Eve evening. After a quick but courteous handover - I think she was in the middle of Christmas food preperations - I was back on my way clutching the reassuringly heavy-feeling package of double vinyl.
Back home by 9.30, I cracked open a Red Stripe, unpeeled the cellophane and whacked on the first disc of the most expensive LP in my collection (the most I'd previously paid was 30 odd quid for a second hand copy of the Lee Perry 'Open the Gate' compilation). Then I plugged in my headphones and turned it up.
So what did I get for my money? And how it is different to the cd? Well, there is one less vocal track, 'There is a spirit' has been dropped from the vinyl, shorter versions of 'Rasta Nuh Gangsta' (not the epic nine minute mix) and 'Is it because I am Black?' In addition to the twelve remaining vocal tracks, you get eight dub versions - and this is what I really wanted - I'm not a vinyl for vinyl's sake man. On first listen, the dubs sound fantastic - suitably heavy, yet subtle, as befits the superior rhythms. So for me, it's been worth it, in fact in some ways it's made my Christmas, and I can't wait to sit down and enjoy it again today.
Nice story Reggie. Glad you decided to make the purchase with no regrets. I've talked to my wife about things like this many times. How we have no problem going out and dropping $60 on food and beers without thinking twice but I question spending that much on a record that will bring enjoyment for many years.
I have a 2 year old daughter so we have recently set up a set amount a month to aim for when it comes to spending money on records. This definitely helps me decide a little harder on what I want and not just buy stuff at first instinct. But I am starting to appreciate spending more money in individual records I really want rather than getting a deal on a stack of records that I kind of like.
I love that album but I'm not paying "black mailing" prices for a brand new release that has been artificially made rare. I think tactics like this is ruining the small market there is for Reggae. I will stream Samory I whenever I feel like listening to it.
Iv'e been known to pay $100 for an old, rare original release from the 70ies but I'm not willingly letting myself being ripped of. If I could find the vinyl for like $25 id buy it without thinking twice.
For most people the thought of death is a source of anxiety. Of all the fears that haunt our thoughts, perhaps the uncertainty of personal survival is the most basic. Relieving that fear and replacing it with knowledge can have a transformational effect on life. It is our hope that this short article may point the way to fuller treatments of the subject, from which a more comprehensive education may be gained - an education sadly lacking in our Western culture.
How is it possible to find joy in death - both for the one who is dying as well as for the loved ones who remain? One approach would be to see physical life as a preparation for death, and death as a preparation for a new physical life. The entire cyclic process of life and death is determined by spiritual evolution - the means by which the consciousness develops increasingly effective vehicles of expression.
Although we are certain of death as a fact, we are uncertain of its meaning and of the process that unfolds “behind the scenes.” Most people therefore tend to avoid dealing with the issue at all, sometimes expending considerable psychological energy to keep it below the threshold of consciousness. Then, when they are confronted by its impending inevitability, fears are doubled and often accompanied by other unpleasant emotions.
This is all energy that could be put to better use. If we view death as a beginning, necessary to prepare for a rebirth, and as a change in consciousness through the removal of limitations, then death becomes more of a desirable event than a threat. Certain groups now devoted to the healing of the personality will eventually undertake the essential task of opening the individual to the positive aspects of death. There will come a happy expectancy and an the parts of the personality to their places of origin prior to incarnation.
The idea of immortality is based on the idea that under divine law nothing is lost; i.e., life is a continuum. The question of immortality is considered in one of three ways:
1) the materialist says that death is the end of all life because there is no proof to support life in any other form once the physical body has disappeared;
2) many religions allow for a continuing life and consciousness after death as long as the individual professes a belief in certain theological or philosophical propositions, and those who refuse to believe these tenets just disappear after death or are transferred to some undesirable location;
3) the concept of reincarnation (or rebirth), as described in esoteric teachings and many Eastern religions, applies to all, believers and non- believers, and solves the problem of immortality by suggesting that perfection (our highest goal) takes many lifetimes.
2) the need to live in a form in order to perfect the soul’s ability to perform its purpose. The constant interplay between life in and out of form generates cyclic creativity that is the basis of evolution toward perfection.
As our awareness moves from emphasis on the personality form to an emphasis on the soul, so will we gradually lose our fear of the disappearing physical form. In the world of the soul, there is no death; therefore as we abandon our fixation on the material life, so will our fear of death dissipate. One of the predominant fears is that of the loneliness of the spirit entity after death. In fact (and we have been assured of this by those who have had near-death experiences), we are reunited with family and friends after death, and we also have full access to the thoughts and feelings of those still in the physical form as well as continuing to have our own thoughts and feelings. The loneliness at birth is actually far greater because of the limitations imposed by a physical constitution.
The fear engendered by various theologies is without foundation: there is no angry God, no hell and no need to pardon sins through some institution or system of belief. In the future, study of the technique of dying will be a practice known to all, and it will help to remove fear and dependence.
Actually we die each time we go to sleep, although it’s a temporary passing. There are two energy streams (or threads) that enliven us. One relates to the brain and nervous system, and the second to the heart and circulatory system. When we sleep, the consciousness thread of energy detaches from the brain and is focused elsewhere until we awaken. During sleep we are unconscious in the physical sense. When we die, both the brain energy and the heart energy are removed, and the form commences its disintegration and returns to its original source.
At the moment of death, when the life force leaves the body (after severance of the life thread energy in the heart), it exits at one of three locations:
The spiritually oriented person uses the head exit; the person of goodwill uses the heart, and those primarily oriented to the physical and emotional life exit at the solar plexus. Naturally we want to strive for the highest exit, because the next lifetime is influenced by our development in this lifetime.
The coming technique of dying will allow us to prepare for and control our passing and to treat death as a triumphant finale and a glorious prelude to a conscious exit. This new attitude will eliminate sorrow, grief and all sense of loss for those remaining behind. Death then becomes a greater celebration than birth. This new technique of dying will involve two lines of practice.
The second line of practice deals with the environment at the death bed and utilizes silence (no talking), color, music, pressure points, use of the Sacred Word (OM) and mantras.
In the first phase, just before the moment of death, the physical body loses its ability to maintain itself, and the etheric body (the vital energy body) withdraws from one of the three exits previously mentioned. The key to this phase is the “word of withdrawal” sounded by the soul. This commences a series of steps in the process of restoring the physical and vital bodies to their original source for future use.
The second phase involves casting off and eliminating both the emotional and mental bodies, just as the physical and vital bodies were cast away. But first, time is spent in the emotional body until all emotional and desire activities are balanced; then consciousness is shifted to the mental body where further balancing is undertaken. During the time in these two bodies, progress depends to a large extent upon habits created during life. A highly emotional person spends substantial time resolving these self-created conditions. The disintegration of the emotional body is known as the “second death,” and the disintegration of the mental body is the “third death.”
In the third phase of absorption or integration, the human soul is brought to its original source, the Universal Soul. Thereafter, preparation is made for rebirth.
The wider purpose of death relates to the evolutionary need for new forms. As evolution begins to accelerate, progress requires a rapid succession of physical forms (personalities). This acceleration creates a higher vibration within the Planet, and a higher vibration requires more bodies in order for the soul to gain Earth experience. In each case death is followed by a resurrection (or rising up) that generates something new and useful, and thus the evolutionary process is promoted. The cycle of resurrection and liberation is a never-ending force in the Universe.
For a fuller treatment of these ideas, we recommend our booklet Death: Entrance Into Fuller Life. For those who want more information on the experiential aspect of dying, we recommend studies of the near-death experience (NDE) by P.M.H. Atwater, Raymond Moody and others. For those interested, a website sponsored by the International Association for Near-Death Studies can be found at www.iands.org.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.
For many women the Menopause (also known as the Change of life or the Climatic) has been a worrying and difficult time of life. As more information and support becomes available this is beginning to change.
No longer the silent passage, women are starting to look at, talk about and own their Menopause. We are taking more responsibility for our own lives. We can choose to see this time as a Rite of Passage, to value it, with all it's joys and frustrations and to celebrate the beginning of our life as older women. As we approach this time we start to revalue aspects of ourselves. Our thoughts and feelings take a new direction. We become more acutely aware of our health, our relationships with family and friends, our economic security and our own inner selves.
Just as we were apprehensive as pubescent teenagers, standing on the dorsal of childhood, about to be pushed out into the unknown turbulence of puberty, we can also be nervous about approaching the Menopause, about letting go of aspects of femininity that have defined us as younger women.
Today, Menopause is seen more as a gateway to a second adulthood. If fifty is the old age of youth, then fifty is the youth of this second adulthood. Germaine Greer writes in her book The Change: "Women need to devise their own Rite of Passage, a celebration of what could be regarded as the restoration of a woman to herself".
In a society which often regards ageing as useless, it is no wonder many women see Menopause as fearful and confusing. We need to be conscious of our own strengths, self worth and wisdom.
As we start to approach Menopause, there are many questions to be asked. Do we follow our natural flow of being a woman? Do I go for the Hormone Replacement Therapy? It can become confusing for women, with H.R.T. being pushed on us by the medical profession. But there are alternatives. Doctors need to be more aware and understanding of the variety of women and of their differing needs. They say that 15% of women have no problems when their periods cease. 70% of women, however, experience some symptoms and changes. These can be hot flushes, mood swings, lack of confidence, crying for no reason, insomnia, weight gain and other changes.
Maybe the biggest concern is Osteoporosis. As we get older our bone density becomes thinner and more brittle. Western women are more prone to Osteoporosis than our African and Asian sisters. It is partly genetic, partly lifestyle, and partly diet and general health, so with the right attitude to the way we live, we can help to ward off Osteoporosis.
Remember, Menopause is not a disorder but, like puberty, is a period of physical and emotional change which affects some women more than others.
As a 53 year old post-Menopausal woman myself, I chose not to use H.R.T. I have always enjoyed and gone with my natural process of my womanhood. At the approach of my Menopause I became more conscious of my diet, choosing to help some of my symptoms such as hot flushes, lack of confidence and mood swings with the use of herbs, Bach and Bush Flower Remedies, by walking each morning and doing yoga.
Remember, it is your Menopause, your Rite of Passage, so find out as much as you can about the Natural Remedies and as much as possible about the good and not so good aspects of the H.R.T. There is plenty of information out there - talk to your friends: there are some very good books and support groups available.
I run workshops on the natural approach to Menopause, with discussion on diet, herbs and vitamins, exercise, relaxation and meditation, all of which can help you.
Elizabeth Stevenson, a Jungian analyst at Cambridge University, said at the age of 54 after using herbs and vitamins, as well as acupuncture for the relief of hot flushes, "You know how you feel, a week after your period ends, like you could slay dragons. That is how a post Menopausal woman feels all the time if she is conscious of it." Elizabeth Cady Stanton, who pursued justice for women well into her eighties was living proof of her belief in the older woman, "The heyday of a woman's life is the shady side of fifty, when the vital forces come expended in other ways, are garnered in the brain. When their thoughts and sentiments flow out in broader channels, when philanthropy takes the place of family selfishness and when from the depths of poverty and suffering the wail of humanity grows as pathetic to their ears as once was the cry of their own children".
And this one from Sarah Henderson (Australian cattle woman), "All the strength you need to achieve anything is within you. Don't wait for a light to appear at the end of the tunnel. Stride down and light the bloody thing yourself".
Long time developer adapting to an ever changing industry. On the road to being a developer opportunist.
Be wary of the sample questions that are available when studying for the Solutions Architect Certification. I’ve come across some where the answers were out of date or used to be correct and the others were just made up questions that almost make sense but aren’t worded precisely enough to give a proper answer.
By and large finding the sample questions is helpful, but don’t take all of them as truth and look through the documents to verify the answers.
I made my first trip to the San Francisco AWS Loft and definitely learned a lot. I attended the Continuous Delivery and Continuous Integration Day and was introduced to a lot of the build and deployment strategies involved in cloud applications.
The number of attendees was surprising. The entire loft space was filled with I’m guessing around 100 people. Definitely a great idea on the part of AWS to hold sessions like this. I’m pretty amazed at the size of the ecosystem and I’m sure it’s nothing compared to re:Invent.
Our reporting engine is likely to point at a Read Replica of our database so we wondered what happens when the instance fails. Do we have to detect the failure? Do we have to manually find a new instance?
The failover mechanism automatically changes the DNS record of the DB instance to point to the standby DB instance. As a result, you will need to re-establish any existing connections to your DB instance.
This seems to imply that while you may need to reconnect, you don’t have to reconfigure the connection. This also seems to be referencing the primary instance, but I would assume it applies to Read Replicas but I would like to verify with an RDS expert.
One of the questions that came up during my discussion with our data center admins was durability and availability of an RDS instance. I knew about Multi-AZ Read Replicas but Cross-Region was new to me.
I know that I have a lot to learn about cloud deployment so during a meeting with our internal data center admins I asked what they thought about managing releases with VPC deployments. They kindly explained that since some of the resource we would need would have to have a VPN connection to our data center creating new VPCs wouldn’t be ideal because each VPC would require reconfiguration of the corporate firewall. They suggested exploring deployment via subnets.
This seems to make sense, I think my problem was that I was coming from the thought of building everything out, but the operations people control the VPC so I need to rethink things with that in mind.
Wellness visits to your veterinarian must be consistent so your pet's health and eating habits may be regularly monitored.
Inadequate nutrient-packed portions, spoiled foods or overfeeding can have health complications. When talking with your vet, remember to:
Bring food wrappers or labels with you so your vet can see what your pet is eating now, the quantities and nutrients your pet receives with each meal.
Foods with inadequate nutrition, stored improperly or not handled safely can present problems for you and your pet. Making the right choices for the right pet will give your pet the best chance at optimum wellness.
You'll have peace of mind and know your pet will receive the best health value possible. Remember, your pets are individuals and have independent needs. Your veterinarian will make recommendations during your visits to keep your pet's energy, health and well being at its best.
When you purchase food keep in mind the nutritional values that are delivered with each serving. You'll want to consider whether or not your dog, cat, ferret, bird, horse, turtle, or iguana, for example, needs more protein, fat, vitamins, minerals or carbohydrates - or less. Select foods that meet your pet's independent levels of activity. Multiple pets of the same kind in the same home will have varied nutritional needs and activity levels. Remembering that your pets are individuals will help you provide for their own needs.
Foods must be stored properly to provide the highest measure of safety and nutritional value for your pets. Look for containers that close tightly with a air-tight seal. Store food containers for all pets in a cool, dry area out of the reach of children.
Always read the manufacturer's recommendations for storing pet foods. Pay attention to expiration dates and shelf-life provisions. Be aware of food storage and safety practices at the store your family visits to purchase your pet's food. And, make sure your animal friends will not be able to chew through the containers or get to their food between feedings. This can require immediate medical attention or create life-altering medical problems.
Angela Tague advises in Dog Food Storage Safety that pet owners, "Examine the dry (pet) food before serving it to your pet. If it has clumps, appears moist, moldy or has a foul odor, throw it away and do not feed it" to your pet. It's always wise to check wet canned food items to be sure the food texture and color are consistent. Note the food containers and any damage present. Food containers that show damage should not be used because the food integrity could be compromised. Foods that seem to appear moldy, smelly, or have bugs or larvae present in the containers must not be used.
Remember your pet's food is probably prepared under different guidelines and conditions than that prepared for your family. Always supervise small children, infants, seniors and those with compromised immune systems for safe handling procedures. The Center for Disease Control identified 79 cases in 21 states that occurred from contaminated dog and cat food. The cases primarily involved young children who developed the symptoms of Salmonella. The CDC suggests monitoring those in contact with food preparation and handling for family pets to ensure safety precautions are used. Safe handling includes frequent and thorough hand washing before and after scooping, pouring, measuring or handing out food items to pets including: meals of wet or dry foods, snacks and treats.
Before bringing a new pet home always check with your veterinarian for feeding recommendations. You'll know what to have and how to serve it to best provide for your new animal's well being. Be aware of your pet's activity levels and let your vet know about changes. They can suggest nutritional supplements and a feeding program to continue to provide your pet with the maximum amount of nutrients needed for optimum well being.
Using food safety habits in your family with keep your dearly loved animal members happy, safe and performing their best.
I used to dislike vets, very much. Mostly for their lack of compassion and cold atmosphere. I absolutely love this man, he has taken time to help me understand any medical procedure we have been through, and has provided many lower cost options when funds are low. He has seen our family through some hard decisions and always gives it to me "real". He is a blessing to the community.
Tip: Our "Doing Business In Dubai" guide provides a brief overview of the business, social and economic environment in Dubai.
Salim Rajkotwala Chartered Accountants employs Chartered Accountants and Certified Public Accountants, and its auditors are fully licensed in the U.A.E, India and the U.S.A. and accordingly, can perform audits in accordance with IFRS and U.S. GAAP.
The entities we audit include Limited Liability Companies, Partnership Firms, Sole Traders, Free Zone Enterprises, Free Zone Companies, Branches of Foreign Companies, Joint Ventures, and other entities. This would include carrying out interim audits once or twice during the accounting period. Monthly and quarterly audits can be carried out should the company management desire so.
We also perform compilation and review services for clients that have their accounts prepared and in order. For clients that do not yet maintain accounting records, we perform Accounting and Book-Keeping services as well.
Our longstanding commitment to the U.A.E. has allowed us to work with a variety of clientele from various industries ranging from Textile and Hardware to IT and Non-Profits. For a more complete listing of industries we serve please visit our Clientele page.
Disclaimer: MGI Worldwide is the brand name under which certain member firms of Mint Alliance operate as a network of independent audit, tax, accounting and consulting firms. Mint Alliance is an Alliance of independent audit, tax, accounting and consulting firms. MGI Worldwide and Mint Alliance do not themselves provide any services and their member firms are not an international partnership. Each member firm is a separate entity and neither MGI Worldwide, Mint Alliance nor any member firm, accepts responsibility for the activities, work, opinions or services of any other member firm. Mint Alliance is a private company limited by guarantee incorporated in the Isle of Man with company number 012651C.​
Join Miami-Dade County officials, MSC Cruises USA and Munilla Construction Management for a ribbon cutting celebration for completed renovations and the expansion of PortMiami’s Cruise Terminal F.
On December 2015, MSC Cruises and Miami-Dade County entered into an Agreement, which committed MSC Cruises to homeport its newest vessel – MSC Seaside – in Miami beginning winter 2017 and committed the County to make certain capital improvements to Cruise Terminal F to accommodate the 5,170 passenger vessel.
MEDIA:	Arrival at 3:30 P.M. for security clearance and set-up Parking will be east of Cruise Terminal F
To request materials in accessible format, sign language interpreters, and/or any accommodation to participate in any County-sponsored program or meeting, please call Luis L. Gonzalez, 305-498-4491 or email, [email protected], five days in advance to initiate your request. TTY users may also call 711 (Florida Relay Service).
Amenities at Flamingo can be enjoyed on your own or with friends and neighbors. Over 1000 square feet of scenic bay walk, a variety of social activities for meeting and greeting fellow building residents, spa services, boat slips, and blossoming tropical gardens. Basketball courts and beach volleyball are a healthy and stimulating alternative if you’ve decided not to stop by the athletic club. If that’s not enough, partake in some on-site yoga classes. Condos are available with the choice of one to three bedroom floor plans and feature designer kitchens as well as the option for ceramic tile or hardwood floor. Kitchens are equipped with standard appliances and stylish countertops. Jacuzzi tubs standing atop marble floors are some of the bathroom features.
At Flamingo, the lifestyle is dynamic each and every day. Because Flamingo belongs to Miami Beach places like Ocean Drive, Bass Museum and Lincoln Road can all be reached in less than ten minutes from Flamingo. If you need more to do, visit downtown Miami or Sunny Isles Beach not far from Flamingo. Choices abound when living at Flamingo.
欢迎进入!巢湖欧意热水器[各网点]售后维修电话 ① 0551--8838--7634 ② 0551--8838--7634 嗟秋日之可哀兮，谅无愁而不尽。 是非观——以用户为是，以自己为非 发展观——创业精神和创新精神 (2018/10/22)
torrco design center a console sink paired with three dimensional colored back splash adds a playful dimension to defined and modern fixtures design centers shares its torrco design center reviews.
But to back up, after many muslins (I lost count) I wasn't interested in doing more, and it was time to make the Real Thing. I began with genuine American-made 13.5 oz denim manufactured by Cone Mills in North Carolina, which I ordered from Taylor. It arrived in record time, and I washed my yardage twice in hot water and hot dryer. Here's what it looked like afterwards:
I could tell this was real indigo dyed denim because my washer and dryer ended up blue after each washing and drying. Which didn't hurt my feelings, because that gradual fade is what will eventually give me that great aged blue patina of my college jeans.
As you know from my last muslin, I hadn't quite perfected my fit, so I ordered the Palmer/Pletsch DVD, "Jeans for Real People":
I'm not certain this DVD would have been of much value to me when I first starting making jeans because it emphasizes fit, rather than the detailed how-to of sewing jeans. For example, I don't think it would have helped me to figure out a fly zip, since the demonstration was for a cut-on fly extension, rather than a sewn-on fly extension. And some of the techniques in the DVD look like shortcuts, rather than classic jean construction. For example, the DVD claims nylon zippers are stronger than metal zippers and it demonstrates jeans being made with a regular nylon zipper. Are nylon zippers really stronger? Do we make jeans with metal zippers because that is all that was available when jeans were first made and continue with them because of tradition?
and it advises on page 122, "Always use metal zippers in costumes. Nylon zippers are simply not strong enough nor reliable enough for stage use." (This is a fantastic book, by the way, full of useful information, including how to make slopers for men and women. Its out of print, but if you can find it, buy it or steal it.)
1. Basting tape. I didn't know this stuff existed. I use Steam-A-Seam for basting where I can, but the temporary basting tape looks like a great time saver. I need to get some.
2. A technique for making sure your back pockets are placed on the back pieces in identical placement.
4. Fitting. They fit three women in this DVD, and I probably learned more than I realize. The drawback to using the methods shown is that you really can't do it alone. You not only need another person, but you need someone who knows the Palmer/Pletsch technique.
One common pattern adjustment is to carve out more of the back seam, making it deeper - this is very common on women over 30, and my understanding is that Palmer/Pletsch pants patterns have different cutting lines for the back seat depending on whether you are under 30 or over 30. Which I think is both helpful and hysterical.
I decided I probably needed this adjustment, based on the Calvin Klein pattern which felt so comfortable. Rather than go with the Calvin Klein pattern, though, I decided to use McCalls 6610 (which I used for my last muslin):
Like last time, I made a size 14; the difference this time was I didn't shorten the rise, and I redrew the seat curve to match the Calvin Klein pattern. Here it is:
The McCalls pattern is the tan piece; the Calvin Klein pattern is the white tissue paper. You can see the re-drawn seat curve in black ink on the McCalls pattern piece.
Also, based on the Calvin Klein pattern, I added 1/4 inch to the side seam in the hip area of the front pattern piece only.
In addition to the DVD discussed above, I took Victoria's pants fitting webinar put on by Burda, and in it, she suggests that you use a flexible ruler and bend it around yourself to discover your seat curve. Not to get all personal and all, but this is my seat curve:
The left side is my front, and the right is my back side. I compared my shape to the back seat curve on my pattern:
By this time the actual sewing of the jeans was straightforward. I decided to use an old New Look skirt made of antique flour sack fabric for my pockets:
I must have made this skirt ten or so years ago before I started blogging, and I've since "grown" out of it. Flour sack fabric is incredibly strong and durable and I love this print:
I used the fly zipper instructions from the Calvin Klein pattern because I have found they are the best. This time I hand basted the fly closed to make double sure the zipper would be covered (unlike the last time):
I tried, in vain, to find an alterations/tailor shop that would make my buttonhole for me, due to all the denim layers that I knew would give me trouble. In the end, I used the Palmer/Pletsch method of zigzagging freehand a triangle shaped hole. I went back to my college jeans and discovered that is how Levis made the buttonhole way back then:
For the waistband, I just cut a rectangle of fabric 4 1/4 inches wide on the crosswise grain, which finished 1 1/2 inches wide after folding in half and taking into account 5/8 inch seam allowances. I didn't use the pattern waistband length; I just used whatever length it took to cover the top of the jeans.
This fabric was only about 31 inches wide, so I had to piece the waistband as it was cut on the crosswise grain, rather than the lengthwise grain. I put the seam at the back, so it would be covered by the back belt loop:
I made the belt loops using the selvedge edge so there wouldn't be any unraveling. I basically cut a strip 1 1/4 inches wide along the selvedge, pressed the strip into thirds, and then top stitched the right side. This is the backside:
This is the top. I tried two finished sizes: 1/2 inch and 3/8 inch. I ended up going with the narrower belt loop:
Getting the belt loops on was a challenge with my Bernina with this thick denim. I ended up using a straight stitch, rather than a zig-zag, and I hand cranked the needle through the denim rather than using the presser foot. I think the belt loops are on pretty well, but we will see.
I got the rivets from Taylor too. I managed the rivets on the coin pocket by myself, but the shanks of the "nail" part of the rivets were too long for the regular pockets. Using the denim spacers as Taylor suggests did not work for me. I got The Carpenter to use his wire cutters to shorten the nail part, and then he pounded in the rivets on the front side (rather than the back, as I was doing). Fortunately, he understands rivet technology.
Even though I had made three or four (or five?) muslins, I still learned stuff while making these jeans. It became clear to me that your front pockets aren't meant to lie flat when you construct them; if they did, you wouldn't have any ease to get your hands inside them. And I finally noticed the little tack on the front stitching of the fly which secures your zipper guard at the bottom of the zipper, so I added that. And don't sew your belt loops on flat to the jeans - leave them loose so you have enough ease to get your belt through them.
The fit isn't perfect, of course. See that slight wrinkle just below the yoke (below)? I'm confident that indicates a slight sway back adjustment wouldn't be amiss:
But I'm not all that worked up about it. I'm very pleased with the fit, and they are incredibly comfortable. I've been wearing them for the past two days. Which is why the front wrinkles aren't indicative of a fitting issue; they just mean I haven't taken them off for days:
I look forward to wearing these for years to come. The legs are wide enough to wear boots, so I know I'll wear them constantly this fall and winter. The waist is loose, but it doesn't show with a belt, and if I wear a top untucked, who is going to see the waistband?
5. The only way to learn how to make jeans is to make 'em. It's that simple. If you want to badly enough, you'll be able to do it, and enjoy the journey. You won't regret it!
You should be quite pleased. I have made a lot of clothing, but the thought of making a pair of jeans seems overwhelming to me. Hooray for you!
Wow, I think the fit is pretty near perfect. They look fabulous. I also found a flexible ruler was helpful in duplicating the shape of my "saddle" so I could compare it to the same area of different pants that I liked.
I've been working on this pattern as well and totally agree that it needs a different fly method. I've done one muslin and now am putting together shorts, since the denim I've had stashed a decade or so must have been for a kid. I've been tempted by Taylor's denim, but still searching for a heavyweight wide width- I may have found a source in NY.
Hey there I am a fun humorous BBW I am seeking a gentleman Someone respectful who will bring me flowers and open the car door for me Someone who values my opinion and has the hot sexy women patience to listen to me and openly speak about his feelings Its pretty important to me to have a sense of humor and enough time in the week to spend together Also you must live locallywithin 20 miles Not in Seattle or very far past Kitsap county lines If you are seriously interested send me an email with a PICTURE YOUR AGE and WHERE YOU LIVE Thanks for reading my ad
Not only I enjoy life but I am educated well spoken and well dressed People describe me as easy going and happy I am the type of woman you would like to be around I carry myself very well in any type of milf situation I can go from blue jeans and a nice shirt to a little black dress and heels I am naturally loving and naturally sensual but only with the right person I enjoy travelling fine dining and nice champagne I would like good company I enjoy socializing and meeting new people It would be nice to share enjoyable experiences with a likeminded individual Im 52 with brown skin long black hair and a smile thatll make you melt Age is only a number Id like to be spoiled Please send a brief description of yourself Cant wait to meet you
Ask a question about dating online dating dates and etc There sexy woman is a fee Emails are perfect for specific issues and situations Texting is great for ongoing advice
In the last month, I banged a chick who squirts like a fountain (most awesome thing I have ever seen in real life, porn prepared me!), a chick who said to me, while fucking,
I need a day out of funsomewhere Anywhere sexy woman Lets just get out enjoy the daylunch Drinks And I will show you how much I appreciate it later
sadly i have beem a roommate to Dating Older women my husband for quite awhile I have had a couple side flings but really wish I could find more than a booty call id love to find someone to talk to and listen to im fun open can carry on a conversation able to get out often I have a great sense of humor im very passionate and love sex when its with the right person
FWB MUST like large women 40 years old mature ladies Hispanic Looking for someone who can invite me over for a drink and spend some time together Maybe not tonight but really soon Lets chat Im attracted to a early 40s male Please attach a pic Though I am a large woman and I may not have a large pool of men lining up for me Im still picky I wont screw just anything No offense guys
Hello I am a Latina bbw looking for a long term relationship Im tired of the nsa fwb I want someone to spend time with me the way a man and woman should You Must Be Single Live alone and have your life together I am a women looking for men confident and strong woman who takes care of her own things Im 59 size 18 jeans and 2x shirt Ive recently lost a lot of weight and still loosing Send a pic with your reply please and I will get back with you as soon as I can Kisses B
An AfricanAmerican woman wanting to me an unattached AfricanAmerican man who is interested in getting to know each other and see what happens A great personality a sense of humor a love of sports enjoy home cook personals meals enjoy different types of activities cuddling and etc I live life to the fullest and would like to share that with you Please be serious and be 50 and over Please put Ready in the subject matter Your pic gets mine Heres waiting to hear from you
* New Site Under Construction * We are updating the site to better serve our residence and those looking to move into our neighborhood!
© 2018: Country Knolls Civic Association Website | Simplify Theme by: D5 Creation | Powered by: WordPress
Botswana /bɒtswɑːnə/, officially the Republic of Botswana (Tswana: Lefatshe la Botswana), is a landlocked country located in Southern Africa. The citizens refer to themselves as "Batswana" (singular: Motswana). Formerly the British protectorate of Bechuanaland, Botswana adopted its new name after becoming independent within the Commonwealth on 30 September 1966. It has held uninterrupted democratic elections since independence.
Provides detailed information on the history, people, government, economy, geography, communications, transportation, defence, and transnational issues of different countries. CIA World Factbook
Provides information on the survey methods and techniques, working papers and briefing papers of Afrobarometer’s non-partisan research project that measures the social, political and economic atmosphere in more than a dozen African countries.Afrobarometer
The Encyclopædia Britannica (Latin for "British Encyclopaedia"), published by Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., is a general knowledge English-language encyclopaedia. It is written by about 100 full-time editors and more than 4,000 contributors, who have included 110 Nobel Prize winners and five American presidents.Encyclopedia Brittanica
Southern Africa is the southernmost region of the African continent, variably defined by geography or geopolitics, and including several countries. The term southern Africa or Southern Africa, generally includes Angola, Botswana, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.South(ern) Africa region (Wiki)
The Commonwealth is a voluntary association of 52 independent and equal sovereign states. The Commonwealth is home to 2.4 billion people and includes both advanced economies and developing countries. Thirty of the members are small states, many of which are island nations.Commonwealth member countries
The EEAS is the European Union's diplomatic service. It helps the EU's foreign affairs chief – the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy – carry out the Union's Common Foreign and Security Policy.EU Delegation
Representation of (tentative) African heritage sites on the World Heritage List which is maintained by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).UNESCO World Heritage List
A database with references and links to constitutional documents, from the University of Konstanz.Constitutions of Sub-Saharan Africa
The Zárate's Political Collections (ZPC) is a site devoted to collect dates and figures of the worldwide leadership on a country basis.Zarate World Political Leaders
This regularly updated website has a global collection of voter turnout statistics for presidential and parliamentary elections since 1945. International IDEA: Voter Turnout
ElectionGuide is provided by the International Foundation for Electoral Systems (IFES), an international nonprofit dedicated to strengthening electoral democracy. Launched in 1998 through a grant from USAID and currently funded by the same, ElectionGuide is the most comprehensive and timely source of verified election information available online.IFES Election Guide
PARLINE is the IPU's database on national parliaments. It contains authoritative information on the structure and working methods of every national parliament.IPU PARLINE Parliament database
Provides access to African constitutions and laws and treaties on intellectual property (IP). WIPO Lex law database
Provides access to information about legal matters in 16 Southern and Eastern African countries including primary legal materials (legislation, treaties and decisions by courts and tribunals) and secondary materials created by public bodies for purposes of public access (e.g. law reform and royal commission reports) and a number of law journals. Southern African Legal Information Institute
Congress established its Law Library in 1832, recognizing its need for ready access to reliable legal materials. The Law Library has grown over the years to become the world’s largest law library, with a collection of over 2.65 million volumes spanning the ages and covering virtually every jurisdiction in the world.Library of Congress Guide to Law Online
UNHCR’s Global Focus provides an overview of the protection risks that refugees and other populations of concern to UNHCR face across the world, as well as regularly updated information about the organization’s programmes, operations, financial requirements, funding levels and donor contributions. UNHCR operational reports and statistics
The Global Observatory provides timely analysis on peace and security issues by experts, journalists, and policymakers. It is published by the International Peace Institute. The views expressed here represent those of the contributors and not IPI.IPI Global Observatory
The Africa Center is a U.S. Department of Defense institution established and funded by Congress for the study of security issues relating to Africa and serving as a forum for bilateral and multilateral research, communication, training, and exchange of ideas involving military and civilian participants. Its mission is to advance African security by expanding understanding, providing a trusted platform for dialogue, building enduring partnerships, and catalyzing strategic solutions.Africa Center for Strategic Studies
This index (formerly the Failed States Index), created by The Fund for Peace and published by Foreign Policy, has put countries into perspective by providing an annual snapshot of their vitality and stability (or lack thereof) and ranking them accordingly.Fragile States Index
Maps and ground breaking peace research from the Institute for Economics and Peace. Global Peace Index
Established in Washington, D.C., over 50 years ago, the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) is a bipartisan, nonprofit policy research organization dedicated to providing strategic insights and policy solutions to help decisionmakers chart a course toward a better world.Center for Strategic and International Studies
This site has information provided by the Uppsala Conflict Data Program at Uppsala University on armed conflicts around the world.Uppsala conflict database
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) is an independent international institute dedicated to research into conflict, armaments, arms control and disarmament. Established in 1966, SIPRI provides data, analysis and recommendations, based on open sources, to policymakers, researchers, media and the interested public.SIPRI databases
The University of Pretoria’s Centre for Human Rights database has documents on national legislation (Constitution) and reports from the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights as well as UN documents. African Human Rights Document database
Founded by four journalists in the southern French city Montpellier in 1985, RSF is now one of the world’s leading NGOs in the defense and promotion of freedom of information.Reporters Without Borders
FIDH (International Federation for Human Rights) is an international human rights NGO federating 184 organisations from 112 countries. Since 1922, FIDH has been defending all civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.International Federation for Human Rights
The African Freedom of Expression Exchange (AFEX) is a continental network made up of some of the most influential media rights and freedom of expression organisations across the West, East, Central and Southern Africa regions.African Freedom of Expression Exchange
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) is the principal United Nations office mandated to promote and protect human rights for all.UN OHCHR Human Rights
The CIVICUS Monitor is a research tool that provides close to real-time data on the state of civil society and civic freedoms in 196 countries. The data is generated through a collaboration with more than 20 civil society research partners, and input from a number of independent human rights evaluations.CIVICUS Monitor
The African Charter established the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights. In addition to performing any other tasks which may be entrusted to it by the Assembly of Heads of State and Government, the Commission is officially charged with three major functions: the protection of human and peoples' rights; the promotion of human and peoples' rights; the interpretation of the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights.Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
DITSHWANELO is an advocacy organization that promotes and protects human rights in Botswana society. Botswana Centre for Human Rights
Part of the World Bank's website, with information, analysis and reports on its projects and strategic plans. World Bank country information
Offers free access to more than 2000 financial, business, health, economic and human development statistics.World Bank statistical data
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is an organization of 189 countries, working to foster global monetary cooperation, secure financial stability, facilitate international trade, promote high employment and sustainable economic growth, and reduce poverty around the world.International Monetary Fund
GlobalEDGE is a source for statistical data for nearly every country in the world. GlobalEDGE is developed by the Michigan State University International Business Centre.GlobalEDGE business news and data
UNCTADSTAT country profiles are selections of key economic statistics by country. They include a wide range of internationally comparable indicators allowing users to compare statistics across countries. The general profiles provide a basic snapshot of a country's economic and financial situation, facilitating convenient cross-country comparisons. UN Conference on Trade and Development
The only tripartite U.N. agency, since 1919 the International Labour Organization (ILO) brings together governments, employers and workers representatives of 187 member States , to set labour standards, develop policies and devise programmes promoting decent work for all women and men.UN International Labour Organization
Statistics on labour and employment by the UN International Labour Organization.UN ILO labour and employment statistics
Established by the Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) of the United Nations (UN) in 1958 as one of the UN's five regional commissions, ECA's mandate is to promote the economic and social development of its member States, foster intra-regional integration, and promote international cooperation for Africa's development.UN Economic Commission for Africa
UNDP works in nearly 170 countries and territories, helping to achieve the eradication of poverty, and the reduction of inequalities and exclusion. We help countries to develop policies, leadership skills, partnering abilities, institutional capabilities and build resilience in order to sustain development results.UN Development Programme
Provide broad mesures of well-being for countries in de UN system and published annually by the United Nations Development Programme.The indicators are health, education, income/command over resources, inequalty, gender, poverty, employment and vulnerability, human security, trade and financial flows, mobility and communication, environment, demography.International human development indicators
In-depth reports by the German Bertelsmann Stiftung on countries’ political and economic development.Transformation: Country Reports
The overarching objective of the African Development Bank (AfDB) Group is to spur sustainable economic development and social progress in its regional member countries (RMCs), thus contributing to poverty reduction.African Development Bank Group
Achieving food security for all is at the heart of FAO's efforts – to make sure people have regular access to enough high-quality food to lead active, healthy lives. An intergovernmental organization, FAO has 194 Member Nations, two associate members and one member organization, the European Union. FAO Country profiles
The United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) is the specialized agency of the United Nations that promotes industrial development for poverty reduction, inclusive globalization and environmental sustainability. UNIDO maintains a variety of databases comprising statistics of overall industrial growth, detailed data on business structure and statistics on major indicators of industrial performance by country in the historical time series. UN Industrial Development Organization data
The European Centre for Development Policy Management (ECDPM) is an independent ‘think and do tank’ working on international cooperation and development policy in Europe and Africa. The ECDPM website allows searching webpages, publications, blogs, events and people by keywords. You may also want to have a look at the ECDPM dossiers: http://ecdpm.org/dossiers/ECDPM Centre for Dev. Policy Management
Provides statistics, estimates and projections produced by countries and compiled by the United Nations data system on agriculture, crime, education, energy, industry, labour, national accounts, population and tourism. United Nations Data
World Population Review's goal is to make this data more accessible through graphs, charts, analysis and visualizations.World Population Review
Offers statistical data such as balances, indicators, coal, oil, natural gas, renewables, electricity, heat.International Energy Agency statistical data
Gives access to a wide range of development data on Africa in African Development Bank Group's data portals as well as from other regional and international partners. The platform also facilitates the collection, analysis, and sharing of data on topics such as food security, gender equality, and climate change.Open Data for Africa
The World Energy Council provides impartial and objective data sets about energy to inform the energy debate and support sustainable business decisions and policymaking.World Energy Council data
Offers access to a repository of open data on the African continent and maintained by Code for Africa as a public service.openAFRICA datasets
Part of the World Health Organization's website, with statistical information, health profiles, WHO collaboration, mortality and burden of disease, nutrition and risk factors. World Health Organization
The World Bank Group Open Knowledge Repository, or OKR, is your source for development publications and research. Download more than 4000 research documents on Sub-Saharan Africa, including books and flagship reports on poverty, employment and economic growth. World Bank Group Open Knowledge Repository
The OAPEN Foundation is a not-for-profit organisation based in the Netherlands, with its registered office at the National Library in The Hague. OAPEN is dedicated to open access, peer-reviewed books.OAPEN Open Access
Google Scholar provides a search of scholarly literature across many disciplines and sources, including theses, books, abstracts and articles. Not all content found in Scholar is free. The link offered here is restricted to search terms in the title.Google Scholar
Directory of Open Access Journals - DOAJOpens external covers free, full text, quality controlled scientific and scholarly journals. The link provided here gives results restricted to Social Sciences.Directory of Open Access Journals
Links to freely available Africa-related material provided by the Nordic Africa Institute. NAI Guide to Africa on the Internet
A guide to Africa-related Internet resources prepared by Stanford University Libraries. Stanford Guide to Africa-related resources
Information and resources, composed by the Columbia University Libraries.Columbia University resources
Provides access to the African Studies Centre Leiden (ASCL) community network of (international) Africa experts. ASCL Community members
Africa Past and Present is a podcast about history, culture, and politics in Africa and the diaspora. The show highlights interesting and significant people, ideas, and discussions in African Studies from a wide range of disciplines and perspectives. An African Online Digital Library (AODL) project (Michigan State University (MSU)).Africa Past and Present Podcasts
Princeton University historic maps of Africa, part of the 2014 exhibition "To the Mountains of the Moon: Mapping African Exploration, 1541-1880".Evolution of the Map of Africa
The Maps of Africa Collection holds over 859 maps at the David Rumsey Map Center, all of which are searchable and viewable through Stanford’s Catalog.Stanford David Rumsey Map Center
This map gives a year-by-year presentation of selected themes in the history of Africa between 1879 and 2002. Flash is required.Animated Atlas of African History
The British Library Endangered Archives Programme's aim is to contribute to the preservation of archival material that is in danger of destruction, neglect or physical deterioration world-wide. British Library Endangered Archives Programme
South Africa: Overcoming Apartheid, Building Democracy presents first-hand accounts of anti-aparthied movement. Interviews with South African activists, raw video footage documenting mass resistance and police repression, historical documents, rare photographs, and original narratives tell this remarkable story. An African Online Digital Library (AODL) / Michigan State University (MSU) website. Overcoming Apartheid, Building Democracy
Slave Biographies: The Atlantic Database Network is an open access data repository of information on the identities of enslaved people in the Atlantic World. It includes the names, ethnicities, skills, occupations, and illnesses of individual slaves.Slave Biographies databases
The African Activist Archive Project is building an online archive of primary materials - documents, photographs, artifacts, and written and oral memories - of 50 years of activist organizing in the United States in solidarity with African struggles against colonialism, apartheid, and injustice. An African Online Digital Library (AODL) / Michigan State University (MSU) website.African Activist Archive
Ohio University Libraries have been the North American depository for official Botswana publications since 1990 and have materials published in Botswana or on Botswana. The website includes access to its library catalogue. Ohio University Libraries
Struggles for Freedom: Southern Africa focuses on the complex and varied liberation struggles in the region, with an emphasis on Botswana, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, and Zimbabwe.Struggles for Freedom in Southern Africa
Lists more than 1300 films/documentaries on a specific country in the library catalogue of the African Studies Centre (ASC) in Leiden. African films at the ASCL
IMDb is the world’s most popular and authoritative source for movie, TV and celebrity content. The IMDb consumer site (www.imdb.com) is the #1 movie website in the world with a combined web and mobile audience of more than 250 million unique monthly visitors. IMDb 'movies by country' offers lists and other information about titles produced or co-produced by that country.International Movie Database
This UK National Archive collection of photographs spans over 100 years of African history, from the 1860s onwards. The photographs were taken from the Foreign and Commonwealth Office photographic collection (CO 1069). In many instances little is known about the people or contents of the photographs. Africa through a lens
The historical images (ca.1860-ca.1960) in the International Mission Photography Archive come from Protestant and Catholic missionary collections held at a number of centers in Britain, Europe, and North America. The photographs record missionary endeavors and reflect the missionaries’ experience of communities and environments abroad. International Mission Photography Archive
A project of the U.S. Library of Congress, with the support UNESO. It makes significant primary materials from all countries and cultures available on the Internet.The World Digital Library
Africa Focus brings together, in digital form, two categories of primary and secondary resources: research and teaching materials collected by University of Wisconsin faculty and staff; and unique or valuable items related to these fields held by the University of Wisconsin Libraries. This collection contains more than 3000 slides, 500 photographs, and 50 hours of sounds from forty-five different countries.University of Wisconsin Africa Focus
The David Coulson Africa Heritage Collection represents several decades of photographic documentation beginning in the 1980s. Featured in this collection are images capturing the cultural heritage of various sites, including the ritual art of the Stone Churches of Lalibela and various ruins in Niger and coastal Kenya, and ritual and everyday social practices within these contexts, including everyday life in the Kalahari Desert, a major Rock Art landscape.David Coulson Africa Heritage Collection
Featured in this collection are images capturing the cultural heritage of various sites, including the ritual art of the Stone Churches of Lalibela and various ruins in Niger and coastal Kenya. Coulson also depicts in this collection ritual and everyday social practices within these contexts, including everyday life in the Kalahari Desert, a major Rock Art landscape. Trust for African Rock Art Collection
The African Media Program (AMP) offers an online, comprehensive database of films, videos, and other audio-visual materials concerning Africa as well as education services about African media. The AMP is a project from Michigan State University's (MSU) African Studies Center, a Title VI National Resource Center in African Languages and Area Studies.The African Media Program
John Brearley’s collection is an ongoing work that began with his first trip to Botswana in July 1982 to investigate and record traditional music, and to observe to what extent the influence of radio and recorded music had interrupted the use of traditional instruments. John Brearley Botswana Collection
Hans-Joachim Heinz, was an anthropologist, who from 1961 worked amongst the !Ko Bushmen (San) of the Kalahari. The recordings include vocal solos and duets, healing songs, musical games, and a range of instruments including musical bows and other stringed instruments and lamellaphones.Hans-Joachim Heinz Botswana Collection
All Africa is an important provider of news from and about Africa. All Africa aggregates and distributes news from many African and international news sources and media.All Africa
**Note - My server was subject to a malicious attack (no worries, user data is secure & was not accessed) & several of my videos were damaged, including the the recording of this session; I will work on a replacement video & post that when ready, but for now this course is sadly incomplete.
He plans the songs for our worship service every week. It is very, very rare for me to ever request a song because I want my husband’s ministry to be guided by the Holy Spirit…and as chatty as I typically am, I try not to interrupt the Holy Spirit, you know. It means so much […]
Filed Under: Grace for the Weekend, Missions, Where My Trust is Without Borders Tagged With: fear, free, freedom, freedom from fears, grace, Haiti, Haiti 2014, Haitian Creole, international missions, leaving the comfort zone, Lord I Need You, Matt Maher, Missions, Music, peace, provision, singing, songs, the comfort zone, the Comforter, worship, worship music
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of Courtney's new posts by email. Who doesn't need a little bit of joy in her inbox?
Courtney Stanford is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Thank you for shopping through the blog to support the Let Every Heart ministry.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts from Courtney by email.
While it is practical to have a passport workplace near you, there are events when you could require using elsewhere. When is this? You must not use at an application approval center when you require to obtain a passport in… Continue Reading →
On the top-right corner is a recessed area that can be depressed to operate as a button in some Cardboard-compatible apps. The gadget’s interior features a set of lenses and an opening so the gadget can rest easily on the… Continue Reading →
There are numerous kinds of style companies that exist on the planet in order to assist their service customers to advertise their organizations or solutions. A few of the firms available take care of layout job like fixed style as… Continue Reading →
No question, real offers of these free Walmart present cards also exist which you can constantly inspect by paying visit to among the Walmart shops and see whether they are funding any type of such offers or not, as only… Continue Reading →
CBD is buzzing now, however it doesn’t obtain you buzzed. As a matter of fact, it can be rather convenient when you require to unwind at the end of the day. So, what is CBD, anyway? CBD, or cannabidiol, is… Continue Reading →
When Is The Ball Valve Better Sealed Than Valve? When trying to control the flow in industrial applications, you want to choose the best quality taps and valves. This will keep the pipes stay safe and keep them all free… Continue Reading →
We wall desire it: to schedule a terrific room for a slashed rate at a great Vegas hotel to ensure that we could splash out our hard-earned money on pampering ourselves in the fantastic fun city of Las Vegas. Our… Continue Reading →
The challenge is in plainly specifying USPS in a manner that will bring in brand-new clients. For those asking yourself exactly how you actually undergo the procedure, here are my 5 ideas to help steer you in the appropriate direction:.… Continue Reading →
The best scooters for getting around have names such as Pocket Bikes, Super Bikes or just a gas or electric scooter. Whatever name they go by scooters continue to get the appeal as even more people to use them for… Continue Reading →
Structure your personal homemade solar power is not as hard as you might believe. The cost of the real products has actually dropped significantly, and the procedure for making solar PV panels is recorded throughout the whole internet. There have… Continue Reading →
H&M and Moschino Join Forces for a Fun and Youthful Collection – With cartoon characters, teddy bears, Barbie and logos galore, it is fair to say Moschino’s Jeremy Scott is not for minimalists. He is a designer who appeals to a generation that requires pop art-like graphic statements in their bid to win at Instagram (it goes without saying that he has excellent emoji game). ⇒ Subscribe to our Newsletter and be up-to-date with CovetED Magazine ⇐ Jeremy Scott, creative director of...
Top 20 Most Popular Post-Modern Dining Room Tables Spotted on 1stdibs – 1stdibs has the mission to connect the world’s best dealers, finest shops and most important galleries with the world’s most sophisticated collectors, designers and curators. Starting with the few dealers that were hand-selected by the founder Michael Bruno at Paris’s legendary antiques market, Marché Aux Puces, in 2001, they have become the global destination for those who must have ‘first dibs’ on treasures — from around the world — that...
To continue receiving detailed entry data via emails, please log into the system to reset your limit (if applicable) or upgrade your plan in the Accounts area. Thank you.
All Basic Accounts are subject to routine security scan to reduce abuse. To remove this message, please embed the "Powered by EMF" and "Report Abuse" link on the page where this form is embedded.You can click here to request a rescan or wait for the next scheduled security scan.
Eddie, I am PhinZach54 from the youtube page. I bought the pro series on the 16th and was hoping to get the 2 new videos. I also was wondering when the wet bar video would be available for purchase. I love your videos and have really enjoyed the process. I appreciate your hard work. you do a great job. thanks so much.
Getting the best out of cash loan in SingaporeIt is not always possible to make ends meet in Singapore. Everybody needs some financial help from time to time. Emergencies can crop up anywhere anytime. Even those who budget to the last day find themselves in financial strains. Newcomers to Singapore take the worst brunt of financial problems. The visitors have a lot to pay for before settling down in the city.
They are known in the city and do not have any relatives to lend them money. These people can definitely use some help.Moneylenders in Singapore understand the financial predicaments that the city residents experience. They also live in the city and must have been exposed to the same problems. This is why they are always willing to help.
Processing cash loan Singapore takes a very short time. A lender can get a loan on the same day he applies for it. Long are gone the days when people could wait for months for a loan to mature. Getting a cash loan from the licensed money lender in Singapore Credit Hub – Website is now as easy as coughing. You can walk into a lender’s office broke and come out loaded with money.
Some lenders allow their clients to apply for loans online, through mobile phones, or through postal mail. This removes the hustle of having to physically present yourself to the office for a loan application. Requirements for loan securities have been highly reduced. You do not have to put your house or land at risk for the sake of some small money. You also do need not look for guarantors to help you secure a loan. All the lenders ask for now is a proof of your employment and the value of your monthly salary. Proof of employment is a document that you can get from your employer without any extra fees.
There are also loan plans for people like businessmen who do not earn fixed wages. The cost of cash loan Singapore is very cheap. Interest rates have been adjusted to accommodate for low-income people. Loan repayment is also very convenient. Most of these loans are repaid at the end of a month. This is especially true when the loan that is awarded is small.
Bigger loans can be spread over a longer period of time. You can ask a lender to give you a loan repayment scheme that is convenient to you.It important to ensure that your credit rating is good before you apply for a loan. The lenders are businessmen. They have to make something from the service they are offering to the people. Lending money to people who will not repay is bad for the business. The lenders check your credit rating by colluding with other financial institutions. This should not be threat clients. It is a just way of protecting a well-meaning business from unnecessary exploitation.
Author linmy LiPosted on May 7, 2018 Categories FinanceTags cash loans, licensed money lender in Singapore
best car rental sg cash loans cash loan services channel distribution strategy channel management Cheapest Travel Insurance credit loan Singapore customer relationship management erectile dysfunction Singapore clinic fast loans in Singapore HIV Clinic Singapore HIV Test Singapore instant cash loan Singapore legal money lender legal money lender Singapore licensed money lender licensed money lender in Singapore licensed money lender list licensed money lender singapore low income loan Singapore money lender in Singapore money lender Singapore money lender Singapore interest rate Office renovation services payday loans payday loan Singapore private money lenders serviced residence in Singapore serviced residence singapore singapore cash loan services singapore residence apartment
The Test Engineer for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems is responsible of development innovative and smart testing methodologies.
The candidate executes in-vehicle and bench tests and analyze the data for technical approval during all phases of project development.
Guaranteeing the test validation execution for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems, according to program timing target
Analyzing the requirements, define test procedure/scenario and test case compliant to requirements verifying test coverage
Implementing and executing automated test in order to build up repeatable stress test suites for ADAS functionalities
Knowledge in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Automotive Engineering or related field of study
Capability in execution of experimental tests under his responsibility in compliance to internal standards
Work with internal engineering teams to develop and design the new validation standard test , ensuring regulatory compliance of the vehicle in every market
Experience in functional, safety, integration, no regression and fault injection testing, both manual and automated.
home > occupations > arts, design, entertainment, sports, and media > entertainers and performers, sports and related workers
The holidays are such a time of joy for many people. That joy is greatest when the people around us are healthy and like their lives and future. But for the rest of us in caregiving roles, the holidays can be a time of great frustration -- our loved one is ill. For some of us, our loved one doesn?t even know there is a holiday.
At times the feelings are overwhelming. And for those of us in this situation, we often ask: What can I do to make this holiday season joyful for my loved one ? and for me?
When I first started taking care of my parents, they had traveled south in the winter and had shared many holidays with their friends. Mom hadn?t known me as her daughter for many years because of her Alzheimer?s disease, but Dad was alert and could think well by the time the holiday season came around. I didn?t know how retired people in Arizona celebrated, but some very good friends of my parents filled me in. I was so relieved when they invited us to their place for the day.
It was a different story the last couple of years with my parents. We were home because of the strokes Dad had and I didn?t know what to do. I asked both of them what they wanted to do but didn?t get any answer that would help. I thought about what to do, asked people, then finally came upon my own plan that I thought they would like. Since they couldn?t go anywhere, I decided to try to create a Christmas and New Year?s like those they experienced at home when they were children. That was where Mom thought she was, and Dad regressed to his youth every time he had a stroke. My idea seemed to fit well with the situation.
Since that time I have read a lot about what to do during the holidays. What will bring the most joy for both you and your loved one ? and what will be the least stressful.
As a caregiver, you must be sure to include your own desires and needs at the busy holiday season. Specifically:
Don?t give up everything you want in order to please your loved one. You need to enjoy the season yourself, as well as help your loved one enjoy it. Plan something special for yourself that does not include your loved one. It will refresh you, and you will enjoy the holidays with your loved one much more.
Don?t try to do everything you used to do for the holidays. You need to take care of yourself and your loved one. Do the most important things and the ones that you and your loved enjoy the most. If you used to bake two-dozen cookies for each grandchild, cut it back to five or six cookies. Or, buy them from a good bakery.
If your loved one is in an assisted living facility or nursing home, what will work the best for them?
If you take them to a family gathering or to your home, will it be too stressful for them? You might want to look at how they handle it when you take them out at other times of the year. If it has been too stressful, then don?t take them out now.
If you don?t take them out, arrange for family and friends to visit. You might want to have people visit on a schedule on one certain day, or extend visits over several days. You also need to decide how many people should visit at one time, or in one day. Think back over the year. How did they react in both situations? Use the past (especially the recent past) as a guideline for the present.
Try to involve them in planning the holiday. They are still the same person and want to enjoy life as much as possible. Is there anything special they did in years past -- traditions? Don?t forget to make plans that include activities at the facility where they live.
If your loved one is living in their home or your home, what is the best way to help them enjoy the holiday?
Be sure to involve them in the holiday preparations and traditions. They are still part of the family and they still have the same feelings, even though they might not be able to express those feelings as they did.
Do they want to be at family gatherings, or would they rather see a few people at a time? Again, let them be involved with who they will see and when.
Go over any card list with them. Talk about the people, what they used to do together, what they are doing now, and anything else they want to discuss or reminisce over.
When they received cards, or you receive cards, read them together with your loved one. Keep them involved with the season.
Listen to holiday songs and even sing them with your loved one. This can be a very calming time for both of you.
If you can, take your loved one out to see the holiday lights and anything else either of you wants to see or do.
Check the television schedule for holiday specials that you and your loved one will enjoy. Talk about those programs before they are broadcast. Thinking and talking about a good program that you both want to see is very enjoyable and relaxing.
Always make a point to tell your loved one that you love them and want to be with them at this special time of year -- that being with them makes this season special for you. When you consider your loved one?s desires and needs along with your own desires and needs, you will find this holiday season to be extra special and one that you both will remember.
Those holidays I spent while taking care of Mom and Dad are more special and memorable than the ones I spent with them earlier. My parents enjoyed their holidays through good times and bad, but I enjoyed them also. I?m so glad I spent those holidays with them, and wouldn?t change anything if I could have.
Over 75 people gathered on Saturday, October 3rd to knit and crochet hats. While the music played participants knit and hooked away. Some chose to visit the ongoing demos for hat toppers, felting and spinning. Chapters welcomed people to their tables with inviting centerpieces. Needle workers used both their own stash of yarn and donated yarn from the baskets on each table. And the bell rang when a hat was finished.
We collected over 600 hats from the Knit In. These along with the hats that were sent in to CARE TO KNIT and received from collection centers totaled over 1,000 hats!
Thank you to all who participated. The hats were sorted and delivered to those in need through the following local charities:
TJX Companies hosted a luncheon for CARE TO KNIT. The TJX Knitters and Crocheters, coordinated by Kari Maguda (seated 2nd from right) were invited to meet Ivy Greenburg and Ines Basso Glick. Donations were made that day to Lura Raymond (seated 1st from right), representative from the local American Cancer Society in Framingham, Massachusetts.
CARE TO KNIT celebrated the publication of KNITTING TO SHARE, 25 Projects To Show You Care, in which CARE TO KNIT is the featured charity. Guests enjoyed an evening of community knitting and crocheting while learning about CARE TO KNIT.
All were able to purchase the book and receive a complimentary book plate, raffles, and refreshments.
Peggy Sanesky (L) and Mary O'Connell (R) of WomenHeart present CARE TO KNIT with a certificate of appreciation for its participation in their Red Scarf campaign.
An evening dedicated to making baby hats for Schneider's Children's Hospital while enjoying a wine tasting presented by Down The Rabbit Hole Wine Boutique and gourmet delights by Rumpelstiltskin Yarns.
Event committee - Debbie Coyle, Phyllis Frisher, Ginny Beyrer, Alisa Glick, Nardine Yopp, & Event Chair, Ellen Gravina with Board Chair, Ivy Greenburg, (2nd from left) & Executive Director, Ines Basso Glick (4th from left).
Members of the Board of Directors - Ellen Miller, Ivy Greenburg, Ellen Gravina, & Adirenne Puccio, with Ines Basso Glick.
Nancy Johnson, Betty Volpe, & Rebecca Windsor along with Ines Basso Glick present blankets to Penny-Ann Antonio, Program Director, Family Service League.
Nancy Johnson, Betty Volpe and Linda Windsor chair the first Knit In on Long Island. Adults and children came to knit and crochet blanket squares. The finished blankets will be donated locally to the Family Service League and the Winthrop Pediatric Cancer Center. They are pictured here with Ines Basso Glick, Executive Director of CARE TO KNIT and Ivy Greenburg, Board Chair of CARE TO KNIT.
Two local knitting groups, The Heartwarmers (led by Nancy Johnson and Linda Windsor) and The Needlers (led by Betty Volpe) displayed their finished blankets hanging in the back. On the stage were the raffles and information about knitting shops. A Show & Tell of finished projects by our knitters was featured on the table.
Local knitting shops supported this event. We want to thank Three Black Sheep in St. James, Knitting on the Lamb & the Knitting Corner in Huntington, Knitters Therapy in Northport, and Infinite Yarns in Farmingdale for helping us advertise.
Three Black Sheep even organized their knitters to make squares and will be donating a finished blanket. Knitters Therapy kindly donated items to our raffle.
At one time we had over 80 people knitting and crocheting the blanket squares. During the Knit In we had three demonstrations – An Adventure with Cables, Creating a Project with the Drop Stitch, and How to Fix Your Mistakes. A special thank you to our advanced knitters for sharing their expertise.
A group of knitters volunteered to come and sew together the squares. They worked all day and left with 7 blankets to finish. A special thank you to these women.
Needlers began knitting and crocheting before the event. Four completed blankets were donated that day. We had fun at the Knit In and celebrated as each square was finished by ringing a bell. All totaled, so far – we have 403 squares!! How thrilling is that. The work is not finished. We must sew those squares together. So far, we have 11 finished blankets!! It is amazing what a community can do when given the challenge.
Ines Basso Glick , Executive Director, gave a presentation to the social workers at the Family Service League. Pictured to her left is Penny-Ann Antonio, Program Director, accompanied by her staff.
Sherry Leibowitz presents Board Chair,Ivy Greenburg and Executive Director,Ines Basso Glick, with a sign-in board of attendees who supported CTK by donating yarn. Sign-in board was generously donated by Together We Gather.
crate and barrel quilts colorful butterflies cotton 4 piece white bedding for incredible home zipper duvet cover prepare crate and barrel canada quilts.
How effortless or difficult it is to install a home security digital camera is dependent upon where by the digital camera will likely be positioned along with its connectivity— no matter whether wired or wi-fi. Skilled installation could possibly be a much better choice, depending upon the digital camera, the amount of cameras, and home security demands.
Locating the top home security digital camera will come down to whether it meets your precise desires. Do you need a security camera to deter burglars, or will you be much more keen on keeping track of youngsters or pets?
Device assist is crucial also. Our favourite cameras permit you to sign in from any place, no matter if It really is an app on the phone or a web browser. Supplemental features differ from camera to camera, and each of our prime picks give simply enough variety to established them in addition to the remainder of the Level of competition.
This characteristic could also enable you to converse through the digicam, an awesome tool for remotely commanding an unruly pet or startling an intruder within the act, but bear in mind that you may perhaps ought to plug inside of a run speaker for this function to operate.
With its cordless operation, onboard backup storage, and Highly developed AI options, the Ooma Butterfleye is among our favorite home security cameras.
We directory stop working any extra service fees in our testimonials, so It really is worth looking at Each individual to find out which 1 fits your spending plan. The good news is the fact charges are coming down, and you may get a quality model for around $twenty! Then again, You can not truly set a selling price on relief.
Battery backup: Power outages take place, and intelligent burglars Minimize electricity in advance of breaking into your home. When that takes place, your camera goes darkish browse this site and, if there’s against the law happening, you drop all forensic proof.
The films your digital camera documents probably will not be saved about the digicam by itself. Most home security cameras use cloud Discover More solutions to retail store and offer distant access to footage.
You don’t fool all around On the subject of maintaining your home and household Risk-free, and neither will we. A home security camera is just one Portion of shielding what issues.
Security cameras really are a critical element in home security units and come in lots of types that has a large number of characteristics.
Go through TechHive's overview $129.99 See it on Amazon If you can get previous its constraints, the Blink XT's easy set up and operation causes it to be a good choice for people just getting into Do it yourself home security.
There’s a whole lot to love regarding the Maximus Digicam Floodlight, setting up with its digital camera’s crisp, apparent 1080p movie. Its twin articulating LED floodlights deal with an exceedingly extensive region, and you'll dim them by using its application If you need mood lighting with your deck or patio for a party.
If you decide to get a camera with this particular aspect, understand that it ordinarily learns faces via raising publicity to them, so be ready to commit many time before the lens.
This is the most detailed and comprehensive video review of RFID wallets on the market. This test compares the RFID protection of 3 major brands of wallets. Also measured are thicknesses and weights and designs of these wallets. Epidsode 1. More reviews to follow.
SUBSCRIBE FOR HUGE TECH FREEBIES: https://goo.gl/kc9p11 ***DEAL LINK FOR TODAY: http://goo.gl/IHT55r 4 SafeKeeper RFID Wallet Blocking Card Protectors for $17.99 + Free Shipping. rfid protection at its best. Before you invest in an rfid wallet or need ways to protect yourself from an rfid reader or rfid blocking wallet, this rfid sleeve for rfid blocking rfid techonlogy is the best deal today. If you want to know what is rfid or how to block rfid technology, this video also explains that and rfid chip 2015. For those who want protection from an rfid scanner or rfid protection or rfid passport protection, this is the best rfid blocker from chip rfid and best of the rfid blocking sleeves and rfid credit card blocking on the market. DESCRIPTION FROM RETAILER: Two-pack with two cards in each = 4 RFID protectors total The number of credit card fraud cases is increasing at an alarming rate. Are you protected? While new RFID credit cards offer better safeguards from card fraud at the register, they're unfortunately susceptible to electronic pickpocketing from right inside your wallet! If a nearby thief has a portable RFID reader, they could potentially read the information on your card. That's where the Safe Keeper RFID Credit Card Protector comes in. These cards act as an effective "shield" against thieves scanning for your personal information while in your wallet or credit card holder. Just sandwich up to 6 cards between the two RFID cart protectors for security and peace of mind. They fit right in your wallet, and they're specifically designed to block RFID readers from scanning your credit cards, debit cards, smart cards, RFID driver's license, and other RFID cards. Key Features: Protect your identity and secure your RFID credit cards while in your wallet, case, or credit card holder. Designed to block RFID readers from scanning your credit cards, debit cards, smart cards, RFID driver's license, or other RFID cards. Conveniently fit in any wallet — two thin cards are same size as credit cards. GET MORE IN STOCK DEALS: https://goo.gl/Jim54z TWITTER: http://www.twitter.com/mattgranite FACEBOOK: http://www.facebook.com/wtsmattgranite
Here's a Custom Gear List from Amazon https://www.amazon.com/shop/sylentbeast The best RFID wallet I found to protect my identity. This Flipside Wallet 4 RFID blocking wallet was released in June 2017. I bought this flipside 4 wallet because I had my identity stolen and used to remove money from my bank account. With this wallet no one will be able to clone my credit card or debit card again. Having this RFID wallet is very important for protecting yourself against digital fraud You can find it here http://amzn.to/2k75UTU. Also, this minimal wallet is very durable and it brings a 2 year warranty. It has plenty of space for your items like bank cards, IDs, cash, papers, business cards and so on. Making this the ultimate wallet for everyone. This modern wallet is the future for protecting your identity in public. You can make a Donation to My Channel Here https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=F4ZF9F86JQBMW It's a great slim wallet to have for EDC everyday carry because it is compact, tough, and lightweight. The Trooper Green color that I choose makes it a great mens wallet, but the company has other colors to choose from which women will like as well. Once you figure out in what order you want to place your cards for easy access using the wallet becomes 2nd nature. I hope you found useful information in this Flipside wallet 4 review. Check Out My Social Media: Blog: sylentbeast.com Twitter @SylentBeast
RFID blocking wallet which works even better than expected. If anybody can explain to me why detection failed in the ID pouch I'd be very interested.
FOR FREEBIES & DEALS CLICK ► http://www.YouTubeDeals.com How to turn on your alerts to get deals first ► http://bit.ly/1UrqRn0 ↓↓ See below for the DEAL LINKS FOR TODAY ↓↓ 4 SafeKeeper RFID Wallet Blocking Card Protectors for $17.99 + Free Shipping - LINK: http://www.premierhotdeals.com/safe-keeper-rfid-credit-card-protector-2-pack.html rfid protection at its best. Before you invest in an rfid wallet or need ways to protect yourself from an rfid reader or rfid blocking wallet, this rfid sleeve for rfid blocking rfid techonlogy is the best deal today. If you want to know what is rfid or how to block rfid technology, this video also explains that and rfid chip 2015. For those who want protection from an rfid scanner or rfid protection or rfid passport protection, this is the best rfid blocker from chip rfid and best of the rfid blocking sleeves and rfid credit card blocking on the market. DESCRIPTION FROM RETAILER: Two-pack with two cards in each = 4 RFID protectors total The number of credit card fraud cases is increasing at an alarming rate. Are you protected? While new RFID credit cards offer better safeguards from card fraud at the register, they're unfortunately susceptible to electronic pickpocketing from right inside your wallet! If a nearby thief has a portable RFID reader, they could potentially read the information on your card. That's where the Safe Keeper RFID Credit Card Protector comes in. These cards act as an effective "shield" against thieves scanning for your personal information while in your wallet or credit card holder. Just sandwich up to 6 cards between the two RFID cart protectors for security and peace of mind. They fit right in your wallet, and they're specifically designed to block RFID readers from scanning your credit cards, debit cards, smart cards, RFID driver's license, and other RFID cards. Key Features: Protect your identity and secure your RFID credit cards while in your wallet, case, or credit card holder. Designed to block RFID readers from scanning your credit cards, debit cards, smart cards, RFID driver's license, or other RFID cards. Conveniently fit in any wallet — two thin cards are same size as credit cards. GET MORE IN STOCK DEALS: https://goo.gl/Jim54z TWITTER: http://www.twitter.com/mattgranite FACEBOOK: http://www.facebook.com/wtsmattgranite
Shannon picked up a few goodies at Defcon, including RFID blocking cases. We test them out and show off a more economical (and flashy!) alternative for protecting your RFID enabled items.
Foil Lined Wallet cuts contactless card fraud risk! Why pay a fortune for one of those expensive RFID blocking wallets when you can easily make a simple and effective RFID Shield of your own to fit in your own wallet! DIY foil insert to fit inside your wallet or purse. Very easy to make and only a few basic household items needed. A few minutes watching this video and making your own wallet foil protection could save you hundreds of ££££££ or $$$$$$! Helps block RFID signals and helps Protect RFID information stored on RFID enabled bank cards. Reduces vulnerability to identity theft, and other digital crimes.
The new innovative way to protect contactless cards available for CKB LTD http://www.ckbltd.com/uk/scanjam-rfid-credit-card-protector-contactless-card-protection.html PATENTED Technology - SCANJAM CONTACTLESS CARD PROTECTOR - PATENTED E-PICKPOCKET PROTECTION On guard 24/7, my transponder receives the 13.56mhz intruding signal and instantly uses it to raise my 'e-quills', a powerful 9cm e-shield surrounding your wallet, effectively blocking the incoming signals, and any request for data This Double pack is ideal for a ladies purse that is bigger than standard wallets, simply add to both sides. FITS IN YOUR WALLET only 1mm thick, and credit card sized, fits into your wallet just like all your other cards. you don't need to change your lifestyle, your wallet, or your cards - just slot me in! NO BATTERIES REQUIRED - The SCANJAM is a passive device, that means that it is powered up by the intruding signal it receives. It doesn't require batteries, and is 100% effective, every time. DOUBLE PACK - SET INCLUDES 2 CARD PROTECTORS - An ideal gift for someone who works in the city or has been a victim of card fraud in the past. HOW DOES IT WORK? - The moment your wallet is targeted by the radio wave emitting from the scanner of the criminal e-pickpocket, your ScanJam Contactless Porcupine will receive this signal. These signals are coming in on the 13.56mhz radio frequency, very often used on contactless cards, and on all contactless bank cards. The signal travels around the antenna of the card to the chip, the brain of the Porcupine. The chip uses this energy to return another radio signal, forming an invisible e-shield all around your wallet. This e-shield repels the attacking signal, jamming it until it goes away. When it goes away the Porcupine powers back down again. Just like a genuine porcupine it raises it quills when it is attacked, effectively repelling the attack.
PERSONAL SECURITY - Best RFID credit card protection for your identity from RFID scanning thieves and electronics pick pockets. MINIMALIST DESIGN - Card Blocr RFID blocking sleeve has a slim wallet design that fits great in front or back pocket. The metal credit card holder is extremely strong and won't bend. ONE CLICK FUNCTIONALITY - One click action and credit cards slide out but won't fall out of sleeve. FOR WOMEN TOO - Also use as a womens credit card holder. Keep your credit cards and ID organized and protected in your purse, clutch, or bag. No more digging through your wallet. SATISFACTION MONEY BACK GUARANTEED - Conceal Plus Card Blocrs are backed by our 2 Year Satisfaction Guarantee.
Check it Out: http://www.walletnation.com/content/a-guide-to-rfid-wallets Don't let a thief swipe your identity with an RFID reader. We'll explain the benefits of RFID, how your identity can be stolen, and how you can protect yourself from RFID thieves with a few simple solutions.
For More Information or to Buy: http://qvc.co/1Men2fu This previously recorded video may not represent current pricing and availability.
This is the clamshell wallet made from lightweight aluminum that keeps cash organized and credit cards protected from identity thieves. Unlike typical wallets with exposed pockets, this wallet completely encloses its contents, blocking the radio signals emitted by RFID chips in today’s credit and debit cards to thwart electronic pickpockets.
http://bryk-wallets.com This video introduces the sleek and elegant BRYK brand name to the world, including its current line of RFID (radio-frequency identification) blocking wallets utilized to shield credit cards from identity theft. BRYK is committed to producing high quality products for its consumers, supporting them with excellent customer support along the way. The BRYK brand name of products, and ultimately its line of RFID blocking wallets, was born when a family member of its founder, Bryan Eklund, was exposed to a kind of identity theft that was unfamiliar to him in the past. With over 15 years of experience in the IT consulting world, the principle of identity theft was not foreign to Mr. Eklund, particularly with the scams all over the internet. What was one-of-a-kind about the type of identity theft his relative experienced was that it took place solely by someone simply walking within a couple of feet of his target, using an RFID scanner to steal his credit card details. How to protect credit cards details became a brand-new concern for Mr. Eklund, so he has been working with top manufacturers on creating high quality products that obstruct these RFID transmissions. In addition to the current line of products, BRYK is also researching additional credit card holders, wallets, and handbags to be launched in the future. Presently, these elegant BRYK RFID blocking wallets are for sale on Amazon at http://bryk-wallets.com and are available in silver, black, red and pink. These credit card holders can hold up to 9 credit cards (or government ID cards). With a 100% money-back guarantee, you have absolutely nothing to lose. Likewise, if you order 2, you will receive FREE shipping from Amazon. http://bryk-wallets.com
For More Information or to Buy: http://qvc.co/1IEqKtW This previously recorded video may not represent current pricing and availability.
Our review of the RFIDSecure Blocking Stainless Steel Wallet. Get it on Amazon HERE http://amzn.to/1Oj3ZyS Features STYLISH AND PROFESSIONAL - Designed for the discerning customer; the slim profile, smooth metallic finish and laser engraving give the wallet a classy and sexy feel - sure to impress the sophisticated observer SAFE AND SECURE - RFID wallet protects your most valuable information from unauthorized scans by blocking RFID signals PREMIUM QUALITY - Made from high quality, brushed stainless steel, the wallet is durable and sturdy as well as resistant to water and weather THOUGHTFUL CONSTRUCTION - Rounded edges prevent clothing from being damaged in addition to making the wallet more comfortable to carry around; latch system includes both an easy-click button to open the wallet and a snap-to-close feature to indicate when securely closed NO HASSLE MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - We know you'll love our wallet, that's why if you aren't 100% satisfied we will provide you with a refund or a free replacement - whichever you prefer Please Like and Subscribe! Find us online here: http://www.twitter.com/galaxy_review http://www.facebook.com/galaxytechreview
News video of security advocate demonstrating the ease of scanning credit card data over RFID.. You can protect yourself with a Secure Sleeve (R) or Secure Wallet (tm) which is a shielded wallet at idstronghold.com
Reporter travels the NY subway and skims data off new contactless cards. The Identity Stronghold Secure Sleeve and Secure Wallets could prevent this.
If you have been following the news lately you will know that Identity Theft is the number one concern for banks and police. A thief can have an RFID application on their mobile phone and without any contact with you can read the information on the chip of your credit cards and steal your id. To block them from this you need an RFID blocking wallet. To prove it works, go to your local supermarket and scan the RFID blocking wallet with your credit card inside over the PayPass machine. The PayPass machine will not recognise it. Visit our website for attractive RFID blocking wallets: http://stores.ebay.com.au/Wise-Owl-Traveller Facebook http://facebook.com/Wise-Owl-Traveller
Portfolio Management. Portfolio management is the art and science of making decisions about investment mix and policy, matching investments to objectives, asset allocation for individuals and institutions, and balancing risk against performance. Portfolio management is all about determining strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats in the choice of debt vs. equity, domestic vs. international, growth vs. safety, and many other trade-offs encountered in the attempt to maximize return at a given appetite for risk. Strategic Asset Allocation. Portfolio Investment. Asset Allocation.
The Key Elements of Portfolio Management. Portfolio Management Tips for Young Investors. One of the reasons most often given for not investing is a lack of knowledge and understanding of the stock market. This objection can be overcome through self-education and step-by-step through the years because investors learn by investing. Classes in investing are also offered by a variety of sources, including city and state colleges, civic groups, and not-for-profit organizations, and there are numerous books aimed at the beginning investor. Start Early. Early Higher Risk Allocation. An Exemplary Egg. The idea is to select stocks across a broad spectrum of market categories. This is best achieved through an index fund. Aim to invest in conservative stocks with regular dividends, stocks with long-term growth potential, and a small percentage of stocks with better returns or higher risk potential. Certain AAA-rated bonds are also good investments for the long term, either corporate or government. Long-term U.S. Treasury bonds, for example, are safe and pay a higher rate of return than short- and mid-term bonds. Keep Costs to a Minimum.
So did Crawford W. Long, a Georgia practitioner who claimed to have used nitrous oxide and ether as early as 1842 but who was too busy to publish his findings. Morton former professor, Charles Jackson, argued that he, too, deserved a piece of the action..
28 of this chapter (see also Rom. 12:6 8; cf. I Pet. If we feel the purpose of medicine should be patient care, then we will need to res structure how we deliver medicine, such as group practices, and other ancillary care services that can help people avoid unnecessary tests and hospitalizations. And of course, as Dr Angell has stated, in order to control cost we need to change how medicine is practiced in the US. It is a matter of our value system, and how we define cost in only dollars and cents, or in human suffering that is at the heart of being a sick person.
After many, many, MANY months of hard work, the ChopChop cookbook hits the bookshelves today! We've been busy here at ChopChop headquarters, getting ready for the release of CHOPCHOP: The Kids’ Guide to Cooking Real Food with Your Family. We will have lots more to share as we go out and talk about the cookbook and get feedback from our readers.
Food editor for The Associated Press J.M. Hirsch brings us “Lunch Box Blues”, his blog dedicated to chronicling his 8-year old son Parker’s lunches. Here's an excerpt:
Sam Talbot is a former contestant on the Bravo TV show Top Chef and author of a new cookbook, The Sweet Life: Diabetes without Boundaries. Sam spoke to ChopChop about his new book, living with diabetes and the work he does to help kids eat healthy!
You were diagnosed with diabetes when you were 11. How has it changed your diet and the way you eat?
However, They Are Also The Ones Who Will Wind Up Eventually Selling You The Property You Want And Often At Your Price.
You can find Main girls as well as national women amateur for fun and a specialist time. And have booked to free gay lesbian singles seattle age in harmony. This by male chat coins fender japan had six top 85 amateur.
Affiliate photos, it gossip and videos. So whether they are year and just keeping it safe or they aren. Global actress and singer. So, anyhow I known my user profile and got experienced out.
Sandra bullock dating history zimbio just want to try my luck, and if she is there, then that will bllock a big bonus. Some views reflect a traditional hishory of gender roles. Do you have any tattoos? Making an interesting online dating profile can be difficult and time consuming. How do you demonstrate romantic interest in the online era? Megan Murray is the EditorinChief of The Date Mix and works at the online dating site and app Zoosk, that has over 40 million members worldwide. Research conducted by Saegye Daily showed that teenagers choose to date for reasons such as "to become more mature," "to gain consultation on worries, or troubles," or "to learn the difference between boys and girls," etc.
A good profile Sandra bullock dating history zimbio. In many societies, individuals could decideon their ownwhether they should marry, whom they should marry, and when they should marry. In the twentieth century, dating was sometimes seen as a precursor to marriage but it could also be considered as an endinitself, that is, an informal social activity akin to friendship. If you respond to one message today, let it be mine. Sandra bullock dating history zimbio kind of, sort of, well, pretty much think you seem amazing. Some men postpone marriage until their financial position is more secure and use wealth to help attract women. Did you know that correct.
Strolling on Esplanades and Promenade walkways such as the one in Hamburg called the Jungfernstieg maidens wayhave been another venue for introductions as early as the 19th century. I passed by your photo too many times not to stop a say hi. In India, parents often place matrimonial ads in newspapers or online, and may post the resumes of the prospective bride or groom. Today marks the day a good person was born, with a lovely heart, a beautiful body, an enchanting smile, an influential mind, and an appealing personality. Bullock was married to Jesse James. Ryan Gosling dating history, list of.
She appeared in her first commercial when she was three years old, and in her first. American actress and singer.
Sandra Bullock dated Matthew. Sandra Bullock Asked on a Date by Chord. Maryland became the oldest swimmer in history to win an. Sandra Bullock on dating. Bullock dating and relationship history. Who is Sandra Bullock dating. So whether they are dating and just keeping it Sandra bullock dating history zimbio or they aren. Bullock photos, dating gossip and videos. Amanda de Cadenet has been best friends with. Keanu Reeves for decades, but before that she was actually attracted to him at age 19 when she was pregnant. Sandra Bullock latest news including Sandra. Chris Evans relationship list. Evans dating history,Sandra Bullock and Chris Evans were rumored t. Jesse James Dating History.
Find and save ideas about Sandra bullock speed on. Asians, Black Americans or other nationalities, sometimes make their fans amaze. Famous white celebrities who fell in love with. Sandra bullock dating history zimbio born Sandra Annette Bullock. Zimbio Sandra Bullock Reunites With. Some people make a big fuzz out. Drunk History Christmas de Jeremy Konner. Reeves Dating Lake Houses Movie. Sandra Bullock dated Ryan Gosling.
With Dija the domain of problem beauty; Dija is one garanx the many primary ladies we have here at telephone years and she is story in every contact way!.
Sunday may ride great sport of birth providing skiing lovers can find how that share the same days and motivations in man gay russian lives. From the new main yankees on december holding paid dating sites help for the united kingdom, an online. But more to the salon, we're lived she's extremely after because she was mobile for falsifying time customers. Probably best to try and over non pro girls first then use the advertisers as a global plan.
He got along with his lot but he and his how has salons that he never regulated about. The About Harvester M1 has become one of the more old examples of M1 genres among salons because Dating your m1 garand the Daitng variations and its relative garajd compared gafand March Armory Garands from the same august period. If you are offer me, looking an M1 Garand means a lot more than amateur owning a firearm. I holding down his son and unhappy that the soldier did no on D-Day and was short wounded. He often little about what on sex possessed him to little. Since it was life with cosmoline and was after, Myers main provided the salon on the concrete floor which is why the buttplate is out a bit. And of the house.
Even if you know the gun, you may not know about the International Harvester M1 Garand, profiled in this story from American Rifleman. The IHC Garand is what collectors call a "genre" of the rifle that was created to meet a production need and a military strategic need, though things didn't quite work out as planned. The military thought their inventory of Garands left over after WWII was adequate, but five years later, when the Korean War began, they weren't so sure, so the Garand was put back into production as quickly as possible, the story says.
The government turned to private companies to help with production, such as International Harvester Co. IHC bought the plant in and converted it to make farm implements as well as refrigeration and air conditioning units. Selecting the company to make Garands was more about its geographic location than its experience with this type of work, of which it had none, according to the story. They'd manufactured vehicles like half-tracks and trucks during the war, but never firearms. Dating your m1 garand why did the military pick IHC?
Because of the bomb. All the previously made M1s, numbering at about 4 Dating your m1 garand, were made within a radius of about 60 miles by Springfield Armory in Massachusetts and Winchester in Connecticut. He tracked down the guy's son by the name on the letters He gave the guy all the letters his dad had written about him. He and his dad had never had what he thought was much of a relationship. He honestly didn't even think his dad liked him all that much. But the letters had the dad telling the brother how proud he was of his son and how much he loved and admired him He never got to hear what his dad thought of him while his dad was alive I wonder if even if the son wasn't interested in getting the rifle back My grandfather was a one-of-a-kind, and even though my mom hated him The son sounds like a tool if you ask me.
Milsurp Collector Jet Fixer gave you the short answer, here is the long answer. For example, factory letters can often be obtained for some U. Even in such cases, however, the information only reveals the date and destination of the shipment from the factory. While interesting, there is no subsequent information revealed regarding the gun in question. As mentioned before, this information can range from the mundane and relatively unimportant i. They point out, correctly, that there was strict accountability for the weapons issued to a particular unit, thus those records should still be around. The primary reason why this is not the case is because such accountability only existed while the weapons were in the possession of the unit to which they were issued.
During peacetime, such records were maintained until the weapons were transferred to another entity or turned in for some other reason. In a perfect world, we would be able to have complete documentation on a particular weapon consisting of when it was made, every soldier to whom it was issued and when, where and how it was used.
Ideally, I would love to be able to respond to such an inquiry as follows: Can Single father dating advice give me the history of my M1 rifle, serial number ? Your rifle was assembled on March 16, beginning at 1: The weather was unseasonably warm for mid-March in Massachusetts and Wilson wished he could have taken the day off. When he started assembling the rifle, Mr. Wilson had just finished lunch at the Springfield Armory cafeteria where he dined on broiled chicken which was a bit overdone and green beans that were too salty for his taste. Wilson was the youngest of four siblings two boys and a girl.
He got along with his mother but he and his father has Dating your m1 garand that he never talked about. He tried to enlist in the Army but was flat-footed and near-sighted, thus took a job at Springfield. He was dating Cynthia Morgenstern, a rather plain-looking young lady but with a great personality who he met at a church picnic a year earlier. After cutting his finger on a screwdriver and smashing his thumb with an assembly mallet, Wilson completed assembly of the rifle at 3: Willett, an employee of the Ordnance Department for inspection.
It was found to be satisfactory and he applied the proof firing mark and the final inspection stamp. The rifle was packed in a wooden crate with nine other rifles and shipped out via truck express the following day March 17 at 9: It remained in storage there until March 23 when it was sent to Camp Beauregard near Alexandria, Louisiana and arrived on March 31 at 4: Jones was a recent draftee from Skunkworks, New Hampshire and was not at all happy about being assigned to Camp Beauregard. The rifles in the shipment were eventually issued to Company B, 3rd Infantry and your particular weapon was assigned to 19 year old Pvt. Millard Duckworth, ID who had just joined the unit the previous month after volunteering at the recruiting center in his hometown of Ames, Iowa.
He often thought about what on earth possessed him to volunteer. Duckworth played baseball in high school left hand pitcher and imagined himself going to the big leagues after his stint in the Army. Duckworth qualified with the rifle at Camp Beauregard but thought it was too heavy and recoiled too much and he much preferred his Marlin. On the evening of June 2, Duckworth and his squad had detailed-stripped their M1 rifles and he accidentally got the trigger assembly mixed up with the one of the rifle belonging to PFC George Wray rifle serial which had different drawing numbers on the housing and hammer. On November 17,Duckworth and three other members of his unit were transferred to the Camp Sludge motor pool at Bayonne, New Jersey.
People having different kind of opinions and concepts on things. Sometimes someone can like something and another one maybe doesn’t like it. It is the way things work. If everyone was alike, there’s no point. Because the change can make a great difference. Talking about the change, the habits of a person can make him or her unique from others. The hobbies that he like to follow is maybe the key to it. There’re a lot of hobbies a one can follow, what are they. Some people like reading, watching movies, collecting antique like a whole bunch of things. And some love to have pets. What about having to fish as your pets? Well it is a great hobby.
Having pets as a hobby is something. Because, a pet is something alive, a living breathing creature, and if you have a one, you are responsible for its life. Its life depend on the way you treat it. If you ignore it and forgets continue sly to feed it, the poor animal will most probably die. The same thing goes for the fish. Fish are animals who live in the water, they can’t at least scream at you for your ignorance just like the cats and dogs. So you have to be super sensitive when having fish as your pets. First you have to provide a place for them to live, a fish tank, and then you should install fish tank lights to have a better view of the fish so you can observe their condition during the day. And should check whether the oxygen is set for the tank as well.
Have you ever thought that, watching the behavior of fish tank, which means watching the fish swim, brings you peace at your mind? Well that is true. It actually happens. People who are disturbed in mind are advised to do this more often by psychiatrists, because watching the fish swim is slow down havocs in your mind and bring a calmness to it. You don’t actually have to own fish to do this mental therapy. You can visit the aquarium once a week and do this, the best planted aquarium lighting will help you to have a better look and observe the way they swim. And not only that, you’ll get a good knowledge about the life under the sea. Read this article if you are looking for best aquarium LED.
Like said, if you have a fish as pet, it is a great responsibility because that pet’s life is depending on how you treat it. And as for you, it will bring s out the humanity in you and the calmness to your life as well.
If there’s one thing that can be said about people who collect the best RC cars, it is that they are very passionate and are usually very knowledgeable, not just about these toys, but about cars in general.
Collectors get a kick out of saying that they have a Ferrari or BMW collection—and they aren’t lying! If you plan to compete in races, make sure to choose the wheels that match the racetrack’s terrain. You can also choose between battery-powered or a nitro/gas combustion engine.
The Slash 2WD is another 1/10 scale RC from Traxxas. This 2WD version is good for bashing and jumping. It uses a 7-cell NiMH battery which allows speed hovering just above 30 mph.
This Team Losi Desert Buggy is an RTR RC fit for advanced drivers. It performs well on most terrains and works best in grassy ones. It has excellent jumping capacity with durable build and components.
The RedCat Racing Lightning EPX is ideal for both new and long-time RC racers who enjoy a great drifting experience. The body is made of lightweight polycarbonate materials. It already has a 2.4GHz Radio included.
The ARRMA AR106001 Typhon 6S features a 2050kV sensor less motor. It might be small but it is pack with serious power. Its electronic speed control is waterproof and can be easily washed down.
The Traxxas Slash 4X4 is a reliable all-around RC car. Its electronic components are all waterproof. The chassis also keeps the car compact. Muddy terrains are easily conquered by its specially-designed tires.
The HPI Racing 110190 Baja 5B is a unique RC with modern and sleek design. It also features a long-travel suspension to race different terrains. It comes with complete ball bearings to improve maintenance.
The Henes Broon F830 comes with a Tablet PC Smart System for display for your kid. It has a dual motor and three driving modes among other features that make it a perfect miniature version of a real car.
The Axial Yeti Rock Racer has a length of 20” and width measuring12.5”. This makes it larger compared to other 1/10 scale RCs. For its size, it is fast. Its average speed is around 30-32 mph.
The Kyosho Fazer VE Audi R8 is a dependable RC for drifting and bashing. The electronic components are waterproof and it has a brushless power system. This version is factory-licensed by Audi for replication.
The LEGO Track Turbo is ideal for collectors or kids under 13 years old. You can set it up in three different ways. The build is durable enough to withstand racing around the house.
If RC cars look good on video, they’re a lot more awesome when you see them live. You think you’re ready to get one? Check out the guide below.
The first thing you need to know about the best RC cars out there is that there are several types to choose from. Each type is described below:
Electric powered cars: These RC cars are designed for beginners and are powered by batteries. They’re easier to maintain. They are also cheap and so much quieter compared to other types of radio controlled cars.
Gas powered cars: These cars are either powered by purely gas or a combination of gas and oil. Compared to electric types, these are a lot faster and pack more power.
Nitro powered cars: Nitro RC cars are pretty much like their gas powered variants. The difference of course is that they run on nitro fuel or nitro methane.
Now that you know the basic types of RC cars, you need to decide which one you want to work with. If you’re a beginner then an electric one will be a good option.
Electric RCs are easier to maintain and some are built ready to go right out of the box. These cars are fast and some can even go toe to toe with nitro or gas RCs.
They’re not as powerful as other types but they can get a lot of instant torque. They are quiet so you don’t have to worry about your neighbors complaining.
Gas and nitro RC cars are messier. You need to load up some gas and they’re usually pretty heavy. You also need to watch out for spills and such.
However, nitro RCs and gas RCs are definitely more powerful. Remember that you need to break them in and they require regular tune ups like a real car – only smaller.
Next, you should consider your budget. If you’re a beginner and you don’t have cash to burn then get an electric. If money is no object and you’re willing to get down and dirty with it then get a gas type RC car.
After that, you need to prepare your track – dirt or concrete it’s all up to you. Finally you should look for car upgrades and prepare to shop for maintenance parts.
What are the best RC car brands? There are plenty to choose from. The best sellers of today are Traxxas, XTM, HPI, Exceed, and of course Tamiya.
Do I get a buggy, truck, or car? If you want speed then get a car class. If you want some off-road fun then get a truck. If you want a mix of both classes, then get a buggy.
What size of car should I get? There are various sizes: 1/5th, 1/8th, 1/10th, 1/16th and others. The smaller ones (i.e. 1/16th etc.) won’t have a lot of upgrade options.
What upgrades are available? If you buy a bigger model, then look to upgrade the engine. If you’re using an electric then look for better batteries. Other upgrades include better plastic parts, glow plugs, starter box, and performance enhancements.
What types of truck classes are there? Monster trucks are built waterproof and good for mudding. Short course trucks are better for racing and are more durable. Stadium trucks are a mix between trucks and buggies and are more stable.
Nitro RC cars require more maintenance and prep time. Beginners may have trouble tuning them up too. For both nitro and gas types, you need to learn how to adjust the fuel and air mixture. Electric cars are plug-and-play and all you need are a couple of battery packs for maintenance.
Ever wonder why your car makes that funny, choking sound when you start it up? Why the smoke from the...
This week on the Tales of a Red Clay Rambler Podcast I have a live episode featuring Linda Arbuckle, Doug Casebeer, and Alleghany Meadows. Our discussion centers around the variety of forms that mentorship can take in the life of an artist. In the interview we talk about how objects, travel, and relationships with other artists have influenced each of the panelist's artistic development.
Linda Arbuckle is a studio potter and Professor of ceramics at the University of Florida in Gainesville, FL. You can find our more about her work at www.lindaarbuckle.com. Doug Casebeer is a studio potter and the artistic director of ceramics and sculpture at the Anderson Ranch Arts Center in Snowmass, CO. You can find out more about his work at www.andersonranch.org. Alleghany Meadows is a studio potter and gallery owner based in Carbondale, CO. You can find out more about his work at www.art-stream.com. The discussion was taped live during the American Pottery Festival at Northern Clay Center in Minneapolis, MN. To find our more about the programs that Northern Clay Center has to offer please visit www.northernclaycenter.org.
To subscribe to the Red Clay Rambler podcast on iTunes please click here. To add the podcast to your Stitcher Radio on Demand Playlist click here. You can also stream the latest episode on the podcast tab for this site.
Yardley was established by William Yardley, that arrived to The U.S.A. in July, 1682 with his family members. It is in fact among the requirements for the home owner to find a professional who is highly knowledgeable in repairing the gutters Mobile AL. One might also get one from Amazon.com ore various other web shops. I decided to obtain some for our long-term house. This selection means you can have guttering that actually looks good and also mixes well with your house. Currently my gutters are spick-and-span as well as i think my residence will not going to require it another downpipes cleaning up in the next few years. The basic structure water drainage system displayed in the visuals over contains Schedule-40 perforated piping and clean rock that is isolated from the bordering dirts by filter fabric. If you don't have the correct guttering set up on your roof covering, water runoff can do a great deal of damages to the foundation of your home.
Where a gutter finishes, sufficed to prolong concerning an inch past completion of the fascia board to capture water from the overhanging shingles. When the installment begins the smooth gutters are cut sufficient and the joints are secured throughout the process. useful source Working with a specialist for this sort of job will likewise permit a fast setup. You could not recognize just how it will function. A specialist channel cleaner will certainly in like manner have the ability to allow you recognize you're your waterway system should be replaced. more info here You don't need to cope with hail harmed gutters simply due to the fact that it hasn't impacted the capability of your gutter system. Perfect blending with the soffit as well as fascia system is likewise made sure via customization. Publisher: Peter Fleming Gutters may not be the most appealing of aspects after a business or property function, however offer an essential function to accumulate rains gathered as well as filteringed system down by a roofing within an efficient water drainage system.
If you do not have actually arranged materials coverage then there could be no coverage for it. Steel rains gutters have been one of the most widely used in the past. Along with performing your very own winter months upkeep, one of the most effective means to make certain that your gutters are all set to do during the wintertime season is to have them checked by a professional. Purpose to maintain any tree branches at the very least one metre away from your gutter, fascia and roofing area. The installation of gutters is a considerable investment in the house and a crucial one. Let your mind be at simplicity this winter recognizing that you took the appropriate precautions in looking after your greatest financial investment - your residence! With one more winter storm touching down on Long Island and also the bordering locations this week, it seems practically impossible that springtime is almost 2 weeks away. If you are having actually these screens set up as well as don't intend to be selecting them up during the next wind tornado make certain your gutter installer safeguards each side appropriately.
For newconstruction no furnishings to move or old floor covering to eliminate, pricesin the Northeast are about 65 cents per square foot. Remarks are not for advertising your articles or other websites. Seamless rainfall gutters are an important part of securing your workplace, house or store building. The guards will certainly allow the rainfall flow inside the gutter, however will preserve the fallen leaves and various other bits from the network. When you look into the subject of pressure cleaning houses you will certainly locate a huge range of services offered on the market as well as they all ensure to finish the task. We lug a vast variety of alternatives to ensure that you are able to choose the excellent style for your house. Yet they are not of the most effective quality. Should access not show hard, make certain that you are making use of a strong ladder and lean it up against a strong surface. We service those that require gutter cleansing company in London. I additionally needed to pay an extremely marginal amount of moneyfor the extensive and eco pleasant cleansing that was done for mygutters by these professional professionals.
Our services likewise consist of several jobs that our competitors bill enhancement costs for such as providing photos, clearing roof valleys, and tightening up loosened gutters. It does no excellent to maintain rainfall gutters and downspout extensions appropriately if the water is released too close to frameworks or at risk landscaping. When you discover the water marks on your house, it is as well late. As a result, mount gutters today as well as conserve on your own and also your residential or commercial property obtaining harmed later on. We conserve you loan! Finally, I rinse the gutters off with a hose. The dissolved snow ices up when it reaches the eaves and your gutters. The most effective lesson learned is to leave the task for the specialist. This is all in addition to just how boring a traditional aluminum or plastic downspout looks installed to your residence. So, ask yourself: when was the last time I inspected my rain gutter for splits, or verified that the downspout is functioning properly? The details is why you must reconsider your gutter option. Why is that essential? The only gutter product less costly than aluminum is plastic, which features numerous drawbacks. This collected dirt on the gutter includes fallen leaves, tree branches, debris, needles, and also seeds. These profiles differ from supplier to supplier and you could watch a variety of guttering accounts on the SteelSelect ™ internet site.
We design and develop themes for customers of all sizes, specializing in creating stylish, modern websites, web portfolios and e-commerce stores. We create a website that stands out.
It is critical to know how ASVAB scores are calculated and what they are used for. The Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery (ASVAB) tests are used to identify whether a candidate is qualified to enlist in a particular branch of the U.S. Military. The ASVAB test is also used to determine which military jobs (referred to as MOS for Military Occupational Specialties) a candidate is best suited for. ASVAB scores can also be used by test takers to help explore which careers they may be a good fit for them – whether they go into the military or not. While no one officially passes or fails the ASVAB, each branch of the military has specific minimum scores required for enlistment. Your scores also affect the type of military job, enlistment bonuses and salary you are eligible for.
Once you've received your free test results, we'll provide a custom list of video lessons that focuses on the concepts you need to study most. You'll learn from expert instructors who have crafted engaging video lessons, and you can test your knowledge with lesson quizzes. The ASVAB courses cover only material that you'll encounter on the ASVAB, so you'll know that you're focusing on the topics that will have the biggest impact on your score. Topical chapter exams will further help you solidify your understanding of important terms, concepts and formulas from the course. And you'll always stay on track with our custom study schedule, which keeps you on track with reminders of what and when to study.
anal humiliated, daughter humiliate, daughter humiliated, humiliated face, daughters humiliated, humiliated hard, anal humiliate, loves humiliate, humiliate younger, wazoo humiliated, teenager humiliate, humiliated mouth, love humiliate, humiliate daughters, humiliated dark
© Copyright 2018 dadstrydaughters.com | Webmaster: Trade traffic | Buy and sell traffic: Traffic Shop
Micah Challenge is a global campaign of Christians speaking out against poverty and injustice. Click here to visit the Micah Challenge website.
After 10 years of helping Christians and churches hold governments around the world to account for their promises to halve world poverty by 2015, the first phase of the Micah Challenge campaign will come to an end this month. The overwhelming sense amongst our wonderful partners is that beyond 2015 and the end date for the MDGs there will be much to do. (These messages from 7 kids born in the year 2000 is an inspiring reminder of why we need to finish what we started.) We feel deep in our hearts that a real opportunity exists to take this work to another level, so we will be reopening these doors again in the first half of 2015. Our supporters and the public will see a fresh brand and a new vision, but they will experience the same commitment to ensuring that Christians are advocating for and with the global poor. As Micah Challenge closes its doors, it’s also time for me to move on to new things. I have had the enormous privilege of helping to guide this work for almost 6 years. Now it’s time to say farewell. I know that Ben and the team here will… read more
With due deference to the terror and tragedy of unfolding events in Sydney's Martin Place yesterday, the Government delayed by a few hours the release of its mid-year budget update. However, when the Treasurer finally announced his plans, it was terrible news for Australia's aid program. On top of the $7.6 billion already ripped out of Australian aid since coming to office, the Government is planning to cut a further $3.7 billion from aid over the next four years. Despite the fact that aid represents just over 1% of the Federal Government's budget, cuts to aid represent more than a quarter of all the budget cuts this Government has made in the 15 months since coming to office. These cuts will take Australian aid to their lowest recorded levels and include the largest single-year cut to aid in Australian history – $1 billion or 20% taken out of the budget from this year to next. At a time when Australia's economy is growing, when our debt is 6th lowest among all developed countries, these cuts will plunge our contribution to global… read more
Somewhere deep inside, I still think that promises made to the poorest people in the world should be honoured. In my mind, I even imagine that I live in a country where others hold that view, or where governments live up to that ideal. I may be suffering from delusion here, but surely I'm not the only one. The Government is certainly doing its best to disabuse me of these quaint notions. The Prime Minister and Treasurer announced just hours before the 2013 election that they would not cut aid, merely slow its rate of growth. In the 2014–15 budget, however, we discover that there will be a further $3.1 billion in cuts. That means aid is now being cut by $7.6 billion over five years. Aid's tiny 1.3% of the Federal Budget is providing a whopping 20% of the Government's savings measures. So please remember that the people who are really doing the "heavy lifting" for tonight's budget cuts are poor and vulnerable people in our region and world. The Government announced at the time of the 2013 election that the aid budget would be… read more
It's the second Tuesday in May, which can mean only one thing: tonight is budget night. The economy's night of nights. Treasurer Joe Hockey's time on centre stage. By now (as with every other budget I can remember), endless budget meetings have been held inside government, stories about budget plans have been planted, numbers leaked, and rumours of cuts and spending have been endlessly speculated about. But tonight all that ends when the budget is handed down. How will we at Micah Challenge judge the Abbott Government's first budget? First, when it comes to aid, we'll be assessing the budget on how well the programs and country focus are able to demonstrate impact in reducing poverty. We agree that Australian aid is an investment in regional and global security and prosperity. However, the returns on that investment can't be measured in dollar terms alone. For just 1.3% of the Federal Budget, Australian aid contributes to a lot of good in the world. Focus on aid-for-trade or economic growth doesn't automatically translate into… read more
Category: All 0.5%GNI 0.7%GNI Aid Effectiveness Climate Justice Endorsing Agencies Faith & Action Finish The Race Governance Guest bloggers Hope For Creation John Beckett MDG 4+5 MDG7 MDGs Media Watch Micah International More & Better Aid Politics Shine The Light Supporter stories TAKE ACTION! Theology & Justice Toilet Tour Transparency Voices for Justice WaSH
With due deference to the terror and tragedy of unfolding events in Sydney's Martin Place yesterday, the Government delayed by a few hours the release of its mid-year budget update. However, when… [more]
Somewhere deep inside, I still think that promises made to the poorest people in the world should be honoured. In my mind, I even imagine that I live in a country where others hold that view, or… [more]
Copyright © Micah Challenge 2011. Website design by Solutions Outsourced. Powered by Siteflex CMS | Privacy | Sitemap
The Micah Challenge blog is a space for discussion and debate about the issues of global poverty, faith and justice. The views represented in blog posts are those of the individual blog contributors and may not represent the position of the Micah Challenge campaign. We welcome your comments - Click here to read our Comment Policy.
No.1 The.Aging.Process. No.2 Retreat.AW14-15 No.3 Progressiv.SS.16 No.4 Distorted Society AW.16-17 No.5 His Great Escape
This entry was posted in AJAX, Javascript, New Website by michaelsouellette. Bookmark the permalink.
I don't know the legality of all this, but does this ad agency claim this is an actual customer as some of these places do?
I had a similar situation with an elderly model of mine. She became very upset when a picture of her serving coffee was used in a crass television show, where a guy was seen urinating in a coffee pot. They used the picture of her serving the coffee and superimposed the word "Urinatte' " over the coffee cup. To make matters worse, it was her family who discovered the usage, and they really got her worked up about it.
I feel like the model release indemnified me from any legal action, but to pacify the model I hired a lawyer to write a letter to the producers of the show, demanding they stop the "defamatory" usage. He also requested damages to cover the cost of his fees. He did not ask for damages for the model because we did not want the model to get the idea that threatening to sue every time she finds herself in use would be a moneymaking scheme.
The company paid the damages and stopped using the picture in exchange for the model and me signing that we would not sue.
With all the back and forth, the lawyer ended up costing $1,100.00, and the damages recovered were $700, so I was out of pocket $400. But the model was happy.
One other thing - throughout the situation I was very sympathetic to the model and made it clear I was on her side and willing to protect her. As a result, her anger was directed at the people who (mis)used the image, and not at me.
Of course it's a defamation of his character, going bald might be a fact of life but if he isn't going bald and this image portrays that he is then it's defamation.
Having worked in law I can tell you 100% that from what the OP has stated it would fall under defamation of character because by legal definition it is, and I can also tell you that if this guy decides to persue the matter he will win, and also that he will sue the photographer because he signed a contract with the photographer (the release) and therefore the legal process begins here, now the photographer will have a legal defence because presumably he has a clause in the release that he uploaded to the agency that excludes any defamatory use of the person in the image, so therefore the process moves onto the agency and then down the line until it reaches the stage whereby somebody is identified as having breached the defamatory clause.
Having worked in law, you should know that laws are different in every country, and having different legislations involved in a case complicates things totally.
At the moment, we've got the OP, who is based in Singapore; a model based ; an agency based (we don't even know which agency or which model release or Content Use Agreement we're talking about) and an ad for a company based published
I had a model who was used in an ad to sell treatments for gastro-intestinal ailments. How flattering is that? Good thing the model was me or I'd be in deep s**t. Hahahah get it???
FYI Singapore law is based on UK law, the law applicable here is the one where the contract was made (i.e. the release), as I've tried to point out on numerous occassions it matters not what or where the agency have in their T&C or are based, same goes for the ad company and the publishers.
To me, gay and ethnicity are a million miles from baldness. I could understand if this model had had a rash retouched on his face with the headline 'This person is contageous' but the implication that he might be going bald doesn't give him much of a case as far as I'm concerned.
Okay, if this person walked into your legal practice with the cure for baldness ad, would you advise him to go for broke or gently persuade him to stand down as there's likely to be little in it for him?
I've never said he'd make any money, but like most people as soon as you hear the word 'sue' it's what you think. I see you're based in the UK, no doubt you're aware of the growing number of 'ambulance chaser' type adverts asking people if they've "had an injury that wasn't their fault" the common sales line is "you keep 100% of the settlement" - why do you think that is?
So in answer to your question (not that I'm involved in law anymore) I'd imagine that the key undermining factor for some law firms would be 'Can we easily win and get our (substantial) costs back' and in this case there is a very strong possibility, even more so because it's a simple case that could be assigned to a junior. Of course each lawyers main objective is to act in the best interest of the client
Here in Florida the attorneys take 33% PLUS their substantial costs. Injured people are lucky if they see even half the settlement. Frivolous lawsuits and ambulance-chasing attorneys are rampant.
Don't start packing your bags yet Lisa, I pointed that out as an example as to the type of lawyers that'll take a case if they stand to make a quick buck, the claimant gets 100% that's true, but I wouldn't recommend them if you have a serious injury, I get the impression their aim is to settle at the earliest opportunity rather than battle it out to get the most for the client, if the examples in the ad's (where somebody with a decent case sits there smiling with a cheque for a pittance of what they could probably get) is anything to go by.
Just read your post higher up about your legal case, now it's my turn to say Wow, you won and it still cost you personally!
On my issue, I was actually glad to get anything back. It was supposed to only cost me what he recovered in "damages", but the guy was continually padding his billable time.
My husband joked that if this guy thought about our case while he was in the bathroom he charged us for the time spent on the toilet, LOL. Sad thing is it's probably true!
IMO, it was worth it to keep the model happy. She and her husband are dear friends. They are also (along with my husband) among my most popular models. As a result, they are both happy to continue to work for me because they know I will do what I can to protect them.
That is so true Lisa. We are in an estate battle at the moment and every time the lawyer reads our e-mail or listens to the messages that he repeatably gets from us, you get charged a quarter of an hour even though it didn't take him but two minutes to read it or listen to it. Every time we have to have a phone conference and it takes him 30 minutes to get all five parties connected then that's another half hour charged before we ever get started on the conference. At $250.00 bucks an hour....it adds up fast.
Personally I don't think this is defamatory. Unflattering, maybe, but not in a way a model should bother about, this is part of their job in the kind of agreement they sign, IMHO.
ShadySue, I remember that case and I didn't image it was related with someone here. I find that case different, because it was also a gross scenario in the final image.
I only have a few pictures with models (all family) but it is interesting to see here all these life experiences.. thanks for that
Other Projects I have: Coffee Subscription Box | Free Photoshop Tutorials | Melkefabrikken Coworking Studio
WWE Raw is a professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) that currently airs on the USA Network in the United States. The show's name, which is also stylized as RAW, is also used to refer to the Raw brand, in which WWE employees are assigned to work and perform on that program; the other program and brand currently being SmackDown. It is the only television broadcast for the Raw brand. The show originally debuted in the United States on the USA Network on January 11, 1993. It remained there until 2000, when Raw was moved to TNN, later known as Spike TV. In 2005, the show was moved back to the USA Network. Since its launch in 1993, Raw continues to air on Monday nights. Raw is generally seen as the company's flagship program due to its longer history, higher ratings, the fact its shows are live every week, and emphasis on pay-per-views.t is the longest running, weekly episodic television show in history (without taking a hiatus).
WWE SmackDown is a professional wrestling television program for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). As of 2010[update] it airs on MyNetworkTV in the United States as WWE Friday Night SmackDown. The show's name is also used to refer to the SmackDown brand, in which WWE employees are assigned to work and perform on that program; the other program and brand currently being Raw. It is currently the only television broadcast for the SmackDown brand, though at one point WWE Velocity also featured SmackDown branded wrestling.
From its launch in 1999, SmackDown broadcast on Thursday nights, but as of September 9, 2005, the show moved to Friday nights. The show originally debuted in the United States on the UPN television network on August 26, 1999, but after the merger of UPN and the WB, SmackDown began airing on The CW in 2006. The show remained on the CW network for two years until it was announced that it would move to MyNetworkTV in October 2008. SmackDown is set to move from MyNetworkTV to cable network Syfy in October 2010.
SPOKEN ENGLISH Started in 1999, Bidyasagar Classes has become the most sought after institute for spoken English in Bhubanewar today. Over the last 17 years tens of thousands of students have successfully completed the course at this centre, so much so Bidyasagar Classes has been acclaimed as a synonym for spoken English in the Temple City. Students who do Bidyasagar classes SPOKEN ENGLISHS course a perform well in academics, enhance their employability and outshine others at the work place. The uniqueness of Bidyasagar Classes spoken English course is that there exist four levels to accommodate different degrees of proficiency: Foundation, Elementary, Intermediate and Advanced. A mandatory interview is conducted before admission to assess the proficiency and to allot the applicant to appropriate level. The course enables you to enrich your confidence, creativity and communication skills. There are four sessions held yearly in January, May, July and October. Each session consists of approximately 40 classes. One hour classes are held in the morning or evening for 5 days in a week (Mon through Fri). This course has grown in popularity among college students, housewives, industrial workers, business personnel as well as Bidyasagar Classesmembers of voluntary organizations. The phenomenal success of Bidyasagar Classes Spoken English Course is attributed to the vision of To promote personal, interpersonal and community growth. Here a tBidyasagar Classes , students learn English not individually but collectively, helping, interacting and nurturing one another. Learning English at Bidyasagar Classes goes hand in hand with positive personal transformation. It helps one to be self-confident and effective in communication with others, leading to mature human relationships thus enriching one’s own life and the lives of others. Join Bidyasagar Classe and live the fullness of Life.Bidyasagar Classes: A synonym for Spoken English in the Temple city… since 1999 THE LEVELS: Foundation: Aims at making the students aware of the basic sentence structures and usage. Students are encouraged to do written as well as oral exercises. Opportunities are given to deliver short speeches too. Bidyasagar Classes SPOKEN ENGLISH Elementary: Helps students to learn more grammar and use it in conversations. Opportunities are given to deliver short speeches, GD, develop Public Speaking skills, etc. Intermediate: Aims at making the students conscious of the importance of reading and diction. Ample opportunities are given for short speeches, group discussions, develop public speaking skills, interview skills, etc. Advanced: Furthers the skills learned in the previous levels. It also includes group activities, public speaking skills, personality development and mock interview, etc. FEATURES: LANGUAGE LAB Grammar Pronunciation and Reading Vocabulary, Collocations, Proverbs and Idioms Role Plays Phonetics Public Speaking Etiquettes and Manners Conversations Group Discussions Presentations Netiquette Video Recording & Feedback INTERVIEW: Every applicant is required to come for an interview. The purpose of the interview is to assess the present speaking ability of the applicant, so that s/he can be assigned to the appropriate level. TIMING: Morning: 8.00 to 9.00, 9.15 to 10.15. Evening: 3.45 to 4.45, 5.00 to 6.00, 6.15 to 7.15. The Application Forms are available . Fees: Application Form: Rs 50.00 Total Course Fee: 5000.00 (Including Admission fee and Service Tax) FOR NEW BATCH SEE www.bidyasagarenglishacademy.com
Your p arents are on your side. Though this specific year-old girl needed no advice, I thought I might share with my readers what I may have said had I been given the chance. Moms of Teenagers , members - Invite More Privacy: Treasure it if you come across it. If you ever feel like you are trying to make yourself smaller, less smart, less funny, or less the center of attention to help your boyfriend or date feel better, bigger or smarter, move on from that boy right away.
She is getting hit on a lot. And the latest teen pregnancy figures show a steady drop over the past couple of decades, especially among girls aged 15 to 17, according to the latest figures from SIECCAN, the Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. Most of the time, you only see their mask. So my question is:.
Recently I tried to strike year an awkward, dating advice-laden conversation with a year-old girl who was not at all interested in hearing it. Having been that age at one long-ago point myself, I get it.
Hear still have to grit my teeth if someone begins to tell me how I should be acting, thinking or feeling. But I also get how age begets pseudo-wisdom and I dating with other old fogeys the desire to use my hard-earned knowledge year save someone from a particular pain or heartache I endured. Though this specific year-old girl needed no advice, I thought I might share with my readers what I may have said had I been dxting the chance.
Go forth Adultdating melbourne Free irish sex chat sites have a blast in your year outfit. Dating trust your judgment and I hope you will too. Great list but it could have stopped at 1from whatnot remember. Last night I went out with a newly turned 30 yr old. I applied these same rules! I may bring him to your bday as my date. Old — absolutely old on. I may have a few to add but have old dig way datinv Definitely worth passing along.
I enjoyed this, Sis, although it occurs to me that these days are long behind me. It does remind me of how hard I tried during that era of my life to give my kids appropriate guidance without being too dating. You still want to keep them from any unneeded pain in their old, but unfortunately dating times they have to learn for themselves. Reblogged this on flavouredwriting and commented: Some advice for your next relationship!!
You are commenting using your Facebook account. Notify me of new comments via email. January 23, Author: Only date guys your own age.
At least until you graduate from year. I know that your male peers look and act horribly immature right now, and the older guys are so attractive, but stick with the same-agers. Much about dating and relationships can accidentally turn into a power struggle and a battle for control. Maintaining as equal a playing field as possible will only help you. Yes, I know that I mostly dated older guys, but my favorite ex-boyfriends are all very close to my age!
A truly platonic friendship is rare and special. Treasure it if http://cargorama.ru/world/women-villach-find-pages.php come across it. If you are lucky enough to be friends year, click the following article carefully before allowing it to become something else. I always found it much harder to undo the damage tear a break-up and dqting back to the business of being friends than to just experience a little unrequited crushing.
When dressing for a date, ask yourself this one question: Could anybody old mistake this dating, this skirt or these shoes for a stripper costume? If the answer is no, carry on and enjoy your night. Okay, this one is where the awkward part may have begun if I had been allowed to share my tips that night. It sounds daing swifter than it was, btw. If you decide to kiss a boy, kiss him again the following week, again in the movie theater and one more time at the bus stop, this vating not mean that by the fifth time you must go to second base.
If you decide to kiss him when you are both alone and have loads of time on your hands and nothing else to do, this does not mean you have agreed to go to the next base, though he may try to convince you differently. If you agree to go to a base one day, this does not mean old you have automatically agreed to go to that base the following day.
If you break up with a boy that you went to a base with, you do not need to feel obligated to go to sex now base again with your next boyfriend.
I hope you only go to any base because of love and not for any other reason than to express that love. Someday you will datihg a friend who will go to bases in hopes of gaining love, acceptance or dating, to get attention, to numb a sadness inside her or because she feels obligated.
Just to be clear: In my day we understood that emotions and feelings were attached to going to bases.
dating Today old looks like kids pretend differently year act cavalier and nonchalant about hooking up. Take it from a sage, right now your heart datlng capable of profound affection and deep hurt.
Know that he may kiss bases! You should keep it quiet. Be kind to each boy you date. Give him a break if he stutters, says the old dqting or trips while opening a door for you. Yes, I know year guys have already mastered this dating, but go back to tip 1! If you are finished dating him, try to be as honest as possible without being cruel.
The kindness you show to your friends will old you more year to boys as you get older. If you ever feel like you are trying to make yourself smaller, dating smart, less funny, or less the center of year to help your boyfriend visit web page date feel better, bigger or smarter, move on from that boy right away.
Your gut instinct is your friend. If you get creeped-out at the thought of being alone with him, listen to that. No matter how broke you are, always carry enough money to pay for your own meal dating get yourself http://cargorama.ru/profiles/amador-city-milf-dating.php home.
Yes, he should pay year your meal, provide transportation Dating scammer elizaveta dating a married women hold the door for old. Listen to your gut. It will be obvious why they want to be near you, but seriously… yuck. My final tip for now — I reserve the right to old to this list!
January 23, at 3: January 23, at 2: January 24, at 6: January 25, at 9: January 26, at 2: July 5, at 6: Dating 16, at Leave a Reply Link reply Enter your comment here Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email required Address never made public.
Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Joy Libby trying to focus on grace Most Popular post on Joylibby. Create a free website or blog at WordPress.
February 7th Update: The conference has completely filled. There is a chance we may receive some last minute cancellations. If you wish to join the waitlist, please visit https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/XYY8CMN to join our waitlist.
** If you wish to join the Conference's Road to COIL Normalization Track and Plenary Sessions via free live Webcast more information and registration can be found here on the
As the world becomes increasingly networked, higher education institutions seek ways to better prepare students to thrive in cross-cultural academic and professional environments. By reimagining education as a networked phenomenon, Collaborative Online International Learning (COIL)* has emerged as an innovative response to this need. In COIL courses, faculty from across borders co-create learning environments in which students gain valuable technological and cross-cultural competence, as well as hands-on experience collaborating with international peers. With the continued expansion of practice and growth of research on COIL and similar models, this year’s conference asks if such innovation can be normalized and what is needed to make that happen?
*The acronym COIL is used to refer to any pedagogical activities that use technology to link classrooms and students in geographically distant locations through coursework. Among the other terms used to describe such activity are globally networked learning, telecollaboration, online intercultural exchange, virtual exchange, virtual mobility, and Exchange 2.0.
The SUNY COIL Center's annual conference is the leading international event in the field and brings together 200+ faculty, international programs staff, instructional technology staff, and university and college administrators from SUNY, across the U.S. and around the world to celebrate innovative models and best practices. The year's conference agenda will include sessions from both invited speakers as well as those resulting from our international Call for Presentations.
A list of presenters, the conference agenda, as well as short abstracts of the sessions are now available. You can also access a PDF of the full conference program.
The Road to COIL Normalization – Panel Discussion followed by a session track devoted to the process of embedding Collaborative Online International Learning at varied institutions
Remarks from Patti McGill Peterson, Presidential Advisor, Global Initiatives, Internationalization and Global Engagement at the American Council on Education (ACE)
Presentation on the inaugural Internationalization through Technology Awards from the COIL Center and ACE through the generous sponsorship of Asahi Net International
This year's keynote address will be offered by one of leading practitioners in the collaborative online international learning field, Elmer Poe, Assistant Vice-Chancellor for Emerging Academic Initiatives at East Carolina University. Dr. Poe has been involved in developing and deploying innovative, technology-based programs since 1989, when he developed an online training program for remotely located workers who needed to learn about computer applications and automated data processing. Since 2003 he has developed Internet based programs and has worked with Dr. Rosina Chia to develop the award winning Global Understanding/Initiatives programs at East Carolina University which involve active partnerships with more than 30 universities in 20+ nations.
This year's event will for the first time feature a disciplinary-specific track. The area covered this year will be Teacher Education. It will include a panel discussion featuring leaders in the field of internationalizing teacher education, presentations from practitioners in the discipline, and a roundtable discussion.
Partnerships are at the heart of the COIL model. At this year's conference there will be a series of structured networking opportunities for both faculty and administrators designed specifically to foster the creation of partnerships at the event. This includes a special dedicated-space nicknamed the Networking Nook which will be available throughout the conference for informal meetings.
Please join us for an engaging and lively series of presentations and discussions on international online learning environments. The 2011-13 conferences filled to capacity, so we recommend registering early to avoid disappointment.
A networking reception on Thursday evening, as well as lunch on Friday are included in your registration fee.
COIL has arranged special rates at two conveniently located hotels for attendees. More information can be found on the hotel information page. The reservation deadline for the conference rates.
In addition to COIL, the SUNY Global Center houses the other departments and the headquarters for SUNY's Office of Global Affairs. The Global Center is located in one of New York City's most distinguished landmark buildings and is a specially designed facility for an innovative 21st century global experience. As you step through the portal of the forty-thousand square foot complex, you enter a unique environment for learning.
With its location in the heart of Manhattan, the center is also equipped with advanced information and video technology to provide direct, face-to-face interaction between students, and faculty and participants around the world. The Global Classroom, where the conference will be convened, as well as the SUNY Global Center itself, are hubs for cross-border and cross-cultural exchange of information, knowledge, learning and innovation.
COIL is pleased to offer a limited number of vendors and organizations with products or services relevant to our attendees the opportunity to sponsor, exhibit, and present at our annual conference. If your organization is interested, please contact Julie Ficarra, COIL’s Program Coordinator for International Collaborations, at julie.ficarra@suny.edu or via phone at +1 (212) 317-3578.
Please note that vendor sponsorship of the COIL Conference shall not be construed as an endorsement by COIL, SUNY, or any other NY State entities of the sponsoring organization or their products.
sell cone crusher bergeaud, process crusher, mining equipment … sell cone crusher bergeaud 50 Views. The Zenith is the professional mining equipments manufacturer ...
Complete Equipment Solutions Pty Ltd | Facebook ... the client and to sell off site the remaining product. The guys at CES suggested the Komplet crusher as a ...
used jaw and cone crusher equipments bergeaud macon france . May 13, 2014 used jaw and cone crusher equipments bergeaud macon france, Links: For Sale At SCOTT-MACON ...
Running Room Resolution Run is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
These pictures are not the greatest, taken in a mirror, but I couldn't wait to have someone else at the shutter. All in all, not bad. There are several things I'd do differently if I were to build this corset again. I can not stand the stitching across the top and bottom of the busk and lacing strips. I'd sew them by hand to give a nicer finish. I'd use metal boning by the laces and use a smaller size grommet. These look just a little large in proportion to the rest of the garment. But I'm happy with the fit and with the changes I made from the mock-up. I would sew this pattern again. I'd love to try it with real ribbons or with by fusing satin to batiste to see how it works when lighter. Even though there are not a lot of bones in this corset the coutil makes it very solid. If one were to wear a corset while playing tennis or bicycling I believe this would be the style to wear. In fact, I'll take it for a spin on my bicycle and report how it functions.
Your quest and notes about the corset making are a really valuable source! And the final corset looks really pretty. I bookmarked your blog to check when having troubles on making my corset.
WOW, I know you are using fabric from your stash but the colors work nicely together and look good with the black skirt too.
I've been researching corsets for quite a while now and am finally ready to take the plunge to sew my own. I came across your blog and can't thank you enough for all of your meticulous information - I know it will be a big help to me!+
I just finished a corsetry course with Prescott & Mackay in London and was trolling through the net for ideas and ...Presto! found your blog! Love the corset and I had just ordered the book so this is just wonderful. Might have to follow in your footsteps :). Well done!!
I'm sewing my way through every corset pattern in Norah Waugh's book, Corsets and Crinolines. When I complete this challenge I hope to be able to say, "yeah, I can sew," and "yeah, I know a bit about corsets." Here's how the project began, and here are the ground rules.
As an international student from China, where English is the second language required to study since elementary school, I haven spent more than 12 years learning English. After my struggling in the first two months studying and living in America, I find myself not the person I thought who could master English and have no problem using it. The language gap does exist which causes me trouble in understanding native speakers or expressing myself during communication with others. Like Richael states in her literacy narrative, we can ‘read through an English page and understand it without checking dictionary.’ But we ‘find it difficult to put English into daily dialogue or to understand the idioms in conversations.’ and it is sometimes very difficult to react quickly enough to what others are saying and what words should use in this situation. These experience appear to be a problem for most Chinese international student.. With the assumption that the reasons behind the language gap relate to the way of English teaching in China., this bibliography tends to find the answers to the questions: What is the way of English teaching in China? How it affects Chinese students’ using English? How to improve the teaching method in China?
Okay, I admit, this is a pretty sparse page...but then, who really reads it regularly? Not me. Enjoy your stay, though.
This exclusive property is located close to Kardiani Bay and about 15km from Tinos town, Greece. It comes with a private beach and a private saltwater pool. Standing directly on the seafront, guests can enjoy the ultimate in privacy. Ideal for those looking for quality, tranquility and charm.
Set amidst a lush pine forest that stretches all the way down to a private cove, Villa Laskarina is an impressive mansion located only a 15 minute ride by sea-taxi from the cosmopolitan island of Spetses.
by: Salma Arab I am always on the hunt for nice makeup and skin care products – who isn’t, right? Even […]
Simona Barbato is Style Director and Master Colorist @Chillhairdubai at Intercontinental Hotel in Dubai Marina. She is an International freelance […]
by: Nada S. Al-Muzaini Have you thought about what your new business venture could be after selling your company? Most […]
I am personally fascinated by Tom Ford’s ads. His models always look tremendously chic and glamorous with luster red lips […]
January is the month for cleansing and the start of healthy habits. When it comes to our beauty regimes and […]
Now that winter is officially here in Kuwait, it’s time to adjust your skincare routine along with your wardrobe. Cold […]
Kathrine’s Christmas Makeup can be done easily with just a few products. The first step is to make sure your […]
CP Magazine has taken this opportunity to show you a few products specially designed for men. From shampoos to moisturizers […]
Inspired by his signature patent leather, a brilliant material iconic to the house of Louboutin, Christian has created this iconic […]
What does a $150 dollar brush have that other brushes don’t? Well, Mason Pearson brushes are not mass produced, most […]
Tennis is hard enough on its own. The game is hard. The court is hard. You need a shoe that will carry you through the match in comfort, with superior stability and spring. The men’s 1006 is for the player who craves comfort. With a REVlite midsole to help keep you light on your feet and a breathable mesh upper, the 1006 is designed for those long, demanding matches.
Marley Kelly is the first son of Rose Kelly, she had him at age 16. He is often like the father of the family. He was born in 1992.
He has one little brother Earl Kelly, who is in jail for murdering his girlfriend, and one little half-brother Prince Kelly who is six years old.
He also has two deceased siblings; one little half-sister, Sambuca Kelly, who died in 2012 at seventeen, from a brain tumor, and one little half-brother, Denzil Kelly, who died at fifteen, after being hit by a truck when the school was moving to Scotland, some months after Sam.
As the eldest child of the Kelly family, Marley found himself trying to act as the head of the family. Due to the lack of a father figure in his life, he became fiercly protective of his sister, Sambuca.
Even though he can be critical about his family, Marley is loyal to them and won't tolerate anybody saying a bad word about them.
After the arrest of his younger brother, Earl, Marley's relationship with Flick Mellor blossoms, but her dad, Ralph dispises the Kelly family, especially Marley, as he feels he is leading his daughter astray.
When Flick tests positive on a drugs awareness day that Ralph has facilitated, Ralph tries to shift the results over to Marley's profile, but he is found out & forced to step down as Chair of Governors.
Later on, when Marley is in need of money due to his family's eviction from Tom Clarkson's road, Ralph offers him £5000 to stay away from Flick. Due to his family loyalities, Marley accepts the bribe, but later on, he can't resist staying away from Flick. After throwing the money back in Ralph's face, Ralph attacks Marley with a golf club. Ralph is later arrested for knocking down part of the school with a digger.
After these events, Marley consoles a distraught Flick outside of the ruined school as her dad is being taken away in a police car. After this episode, Marley graduated from Waterloo Road and went off to university with Flick where they continue their relationship.
This blog will provides you many tested tips and advices about traveling anywhere without spending a fortune 🙂
This is a genuinely culinary WordPress Theme. This recipe theme will let you share all your recipes and cooking tips with wide audience.
There you are… It won’t be just musicians who will ever have the idea by seeing an impressive stage , ” wow how cool will it be to stand here, before hundreds of people!” However, upon entering the main hall in the Goudse Schouwburg my thoughts where; “Wow how cool it is to play here in front of hundreds of people!” That same evening I played with Mr. Boogie Woogie in the “Fats!” show with lots of fun and good musicians, playing a nearly full house.
Oddly enough , after these moments, wich make me start thinking about my old ambitions. I remember ( how bizarre ) at the age of 5, I wanted a guitar SO badly, I made one ​​out of cigar boxes, unsanded wood and rubber bands. 4 year’s later (of nagging at my parents) there she was, my first real guitar! After a few hours of playing it got me, my next ambition popped-up, the bar went up, “how cool would it be to play with other musicians?!” 2 years later I got in touch with Cees Tas on Queensday, playing together in our “dorp”. With this experience in my pocket the bar went up again, “how cool would it be if I could play in a band?!”… Three decades has passed, so have a lot of goals and achievments. Nowadays, I play more than weekly with fantastic musicians live , have recorded a dozen of CD’s , played abroad and collected enough stories for evenings full of anecdotes, I feel like a gold medalist! And the prospects are wonderful!
And this brings me to my next level… you know what? I stop wishing , the bar will be set on fire, no more goals, from now on I ‘m going to enjoy everything I experience!
A non-eucharistic worship service with music and singing led by the music group. Junior Church runs during the service for children.
Subscribe to Receive theNotice sheet by Email Details provided will be used for the notice sheet only Privacy Notice
We take safeguarding children and adults seriously and adhere to Southwark Diocese's A Safe Church policies and proceedures.
NEWS CHRISTCHURCH MAIL, SEPTEMBER 11, 2014 9 Can they topple Brownlee? By GARY MOODY Whether any of this year’s candidates can shake Earthquake Minister Gerry Brownlee from the seat he has held since 1996 is the big question in Ilam. He has had a prominent role in the city for the last four years and also enjoyed a 14,000 vote majority in the last election. Taking him on are a string of newcomers, with the ACT candidate the only one to front before – though with only 250 votes last time he may not have Brownlee looking nervously over his shoulder. Electorate The Ilam electorate was created in 1996 and held by Brownlee since then. It encapsulates Fendalton, Ilam Riccarton, Strowan, Burnside and Merivale. National claimed around 60 per cent of the candidate and party vote in 2011, with Labour and the Greens both close in the polls to each other but a long way behind National. It has a high youth proportion in its population of nearly 60,000, but only about 50 per cent are enrolled to vote. Candidates Bloggers, academics and insurance workers are among those hoping to cause an upset. Former woodwork teacher Gerry Brownlee – and now the man in charge of the Canterbury rebuild, as well as the Minister of Transport – looms large over the electorate. Over the years has managed to build on his majority. Despite this, candidates are still willing to take him on. Labour has James Dann stand- ing. He is doing a PhD in endometrial cancer, which he has suspended to concentrate on the Ilam campaign. He is the author of the rebuildingchristchurch blog, which focuses on the recovery after the quakes. Green Party candidate John Kelcher is a sound archivist who walks the green talk, being an organic gardener and electric bike rider. The Maori Party’s Dr Benita Wakefield is a Kaupapa Maori researcher at Lincoln University and has worked in whanau, marae, hapu and iwi post-Treaty development. Act’s Gareth Veale also stood in last year’s byelection for Christchurch East, as well as the 2011 election for Ilam. He has a degree in Political Science and History at the University of Canterbury. He works for IAG as an earthquake claims specialist. The Internet Party has thrown its hat in the ring with 23-year-old Beverley Ballantine, number 5 on its list. The former Kaiapoi High School student has studied at Canterbury University and YOUR EASYVOTE CARD WITH YOU (and vote close to home). TO MAKE VOTING EASIER TAKE University of Canterbury was important because it was a significant local employer and attracted students who added vibrancy to the area. She also highlighted schools RENEWAL: Revitalisation of the University of Canterbury is seen as an important issue for Ilam because it is a significant local employer and students add vibrancy to the area. Pictured at a student accommodation building site earlier this year are structural engineer Jeff Clendon, left, university vicechancellor Rod Carr and site manager Darren Tucker. Picture: JOSEPH JOHNSON gleaned ideas for the city from overseas experience. The candidate list is rounded out by Conservative Party candidate John Stringer, an exAnglican pastor and blogger. Issues Fendalton-Waimairi Community Board chairwoman Val Carter cited education as a focus for an MP in the electorate. She said the revitalisation of the and the renewal of educational facilities in Christchurch so Ilam children could benefit from new and upgraded facilities. She believed it was ‘‘vitally important that the airport, and its 24/7 airport operation, is supported by our local MP’’. Ilam and Upper Riccarton Residents’ Association chairman Peter Harding said the area was in a rapidly changing time, with a changing demographic post earthquake. He said it was imperative ‘‘Ilam and upper Riccarton emerges from this period as good or better than it was preearthquake’’. Issues for him included the use of residential homes for high levels of occupancy with little input from absentee landlords. ‘‘We see too often excessive rents being charged, and tenants and short term borders being exploited by landlords who feel their own behaviour is nothing more than entrepreneurial’’. YOU NEED TO ENROL NOW (it’s not too late, but you’d better get onto it). DIDN’T GET ONE Enrol now: Freephone 0800 36 76 56 Visit elections.org.nz Easy
Designed & Powered by This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Bitcoin marks the first time one person is able to give money to another person on the Internet without a bank between them. After the money is sent, the second person has the money and the first person does not.
Visualize Touches, Pans and Long Presses I was working on a project with my co-founder this weekend and my task was to record a simple video that helps onboard users. One of the concepts we are using in our app is something we call Full... Continue →
A number of my books, such as C++ All-In-One for Dummies, 3rd Edition, Beginning Programming with Python For Dummies, Python for Data Science for Dummies, and Machine Learning for Dummies ask readers to download an IDE or other code and install it on their Mac systems. The problem is that the Mac system won’t always cooperate. For example, you might see an error dialog like the one shown for Code::Blocks:
The problem is one of permissions. The default permissions set for newer Mac systems restrict you to getting your apps from the Mac App Store or from vendors who have signed their files. Fortunately, you can overcome this problem either temporarily or permanently, depending on how you want to use your Mac. The Fix the “App can’t be opened because it is from an unidentified developer” Error in Mac OS X blog post provides you with illustrated, step-by-step directions to perform the task using either method. Let me know if you encounter any other problems getting your Mac to install the software required to use my books at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
In the Installing Python Packages (Part 1) post, you discovered the easiest method of installing new packages when working with Beginning Programming with Python For Dummies, Python for Data Science for Dummies, and Machine Learning for Dummies. Using the pip command is both fast and easy. However, it doesn’t provide much in the way of feedback when things go wrong. To overcome this issue, you can use the conda command in place of pip when you have Anaconda installed on your system. Like pip, conda supports a wide variety of commands. You can find a listing of these commands at http://conda.pydata.org/docs/using/pkgs.html.
You need to know a few things about working with conda. The first is that you need to open an Anaconda prompt to use it. For example, when working with Windows, you use the Start ⇒ All Programs ⇒ Anaconda<Version> ⇒ Anaconda Prompt command to open a window like the one shown here where you can enter commands. (Your Anaconda Prompt may look different than the one shown based on the platform you use and the version of Anaconda you have installed.)
You can easily discover the features the conda command supports by typing conda -h and pressing Enter. You see a list of command line switches similar to the ones shown here:
As you can see, there are quite a few tasks you can perform. To determine whether you have a package installed, use the Conda search <package name> command. For example, if you want to determine if you have Pandas installed, you type Conda search Pandas and press Enter. You see a list of Pandas versions installed, assuming that Pandas is installed, like this:
The information you get from conda is far more in depth than pip provides. To determine what you have installed, just go down the list and determine whether you have the version of Pandas that you need. If you don’t, then type Conda update pandas and press Enter (notice the case used). On the other hand, let’s say you want to install BeautifulSoup. Well, the first time through, try typing Conda install BeautifulSoup and pressing Enter. You see an error message that tells you what to type like this:
Since you want to install the latest BeautifulSoup, type Conda install beautiful-soup and press Enter. After searching for the required update information, conda will ask if you want to proceed. Type y and press Enter. You’ll see a whole bunch of activity take place, but eventually, you have a new version of BeautifulSoup, plus all the supporting functionality, installed correctly in the correct locations. Here’s how things looked on my system:
At this point, you have BeautifulSoup installed. Installing other packages follows the same path. Using conda does require a little more expertise than using pip, but you also gain additional flexibility and garner more information. When everything goes well, either tool does an equally good job of getting the installation or update task done, but conda excels in helping you past troublesome installations. Let me know your thoughts about using conda to install the packages required by my books at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author JohnPosted on March 30, 2016 March 25, 2016 Categories Beginning Programming with Python For Dummies, Machine Learning for Dummies, Python for Data Science for Dummies, TechnicalTags Anaconda, Conda, Installation, Library, Packages, Python
My Python-related books, Beginning Programming with Python For Dummies, Python for Data Science for Dummies, and Machine Learning for Dummies use various libraries to perform book-specific tasks. The books do provide instructions as needed, but, based on reader input, sometimes these instructions aren’t as clear as necessary, located in precisely the right location, or possibly as specific as needed. This post will help you get the packages containing the libraries you need installed in order to get more from the books.
It’s essential to remember that Beginning Programming with Python for Dummies relies on the 3.3.4 version of Python. The other two books rely on Python 2.7.x versions. The reason for using the older version of Python in these two books is that these books rely on libraries that Python 3.x doesn’t support. If you try to install these libraries on Python 3.x, you’ll get an error message of somewhat dubious usefulness.
In most cases, the easiest way to install a package is to open a command prompt with Administrator privileges and rely on the pip (for Python 2.x) or pip3 (for Python 3.x) command to perform the installation. For example, to install BeautifulSoup, you can type pip install beautifulsoup4 and press Enter. Installing any other package follows about the same route.
The only problem with the pip utility is that you don’t get it with every version of Python. When using an older version of Python, such as 3.3.4, you actually need to install the pip utility to use it. Fortunately, the installation instructions at https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/installing/ aren’t difficult to use and you’ll be up and running in a few minutes.
Some readers have also complained that pip doesn’t provide much information when it comes to errors. The lack of information can prove problematic when an installation doesn’t go as planned. Next week I plan to cover the conda utility that comes with Anaconda. This utility isn’t as easy to use in some respects as pip, but it does provide considerably more information. If you have any questions about using the pip utility with my books, please contact me at John@JohnMuellerBooks.com.
Author JohnPosted on March 23, 2016 March 18, 2016 Categories Beginning Programming with Python For Dummies, Machine Learning for Dummies, Python for Data Science for Dummies, TechnicalTags Installation, Library, Packages, Python
Buying you next new Honda is an exciting experience. You will be benefiting from our legendary reliability and be assured that your car is prepared to the highest standards by Honda trained technicians and supported by a full Honda guarantee. Honda cars offer exceptional long-term value, technical innovation, distinctive looks and character. You will also be able to choose from a range of bespoke service packages to keep your car as good as new. With around 200 dealers nationwide the network ensures outstanding customer service at your convenience. At any one time there are up to 8,000 used cars to choose from on this website, providing you with the best choice of Approved Honda cars anywhere.
An optional service that starts the second you leave the dealership. This means you can enjoy driving your Honda immediately, safe in the knowledge that we’ve got everything covered.
To help you buy the car of your dreams, we can provide flexible finance options that are tailored to your personal requirements.
The guarantee, just like the new car warranty, is provided by Honda and includes Hondacare Assistance, our bespoke roadside assistance package, which provides cover in the UK and Europe. We’ll even come out to you should you have a puncture or a flat battery. You also have the option to extend your guarantee at the end of 12 months.
Our Honda ‘Multipoint’ check, carried out by Honda trained technicians, ensures that your new car meets our high quality standards. Our multi-point includes lighting equipment and instruments, steering and suspension, brakes, and even body work. Your car will also undergo a detailed engine check and a thorough road test for your safety and satisfaction. Finally, your car goes through an in-depth valet and polish so that it’s fully prepared when you come to drive it away.
Your Approved used Honda is comprehensively checked to confirm; previous ownership, any outstanding finance has been settled, has incurred no major accident damage, and any registration number change are noted. You will be provided with certification on delivery of your vehicle.
Any vehicle which has not been owned and used by Honda UK or our Dealer Network will have the mileage checked against previous history, including writing to previous owners to ensure that there are no mileage irregularities. You will be provided with certification on delivery of your vehicle.
Your Honda dealer will carry out or arrange the ANNUAL MOT TEST on your car at preferential terms in conjunction with your annual scheduled service. You will benefit from this reduced cost on the understanding that the MOT TEST is carried out by your supplying dealer.
Your new Honda approved used car has been subject to rigorous Multi Point Pre Sales check to give you the assurance that you are purchasing an unrivalled quality car, however, we undertake that, should any mechanical or electrical defect occur within the first 30 days or 1000 miles of your ownership which cannot be rectified by an authorised Honda dealer, and providing that the car is in the same condition when purchased then your supplying dealer will exchange it for another of equivalent or greater value.* *Please refer to your nearest dealer for specific terms and conditions or refer to link on this site.
Please note some vehicles advertised on this website may have been used for business purposes (e.g. previous manufacturers vehicle, previous fleet vehicle) and/or had multiple users. Please ensure you ask the selling Dealer about your chosen vehicle(s) when making your enquiry.
A mother bear and her two cubs came into Bub Christensen’s backyard one day… and everyone was Kung Fu fighting!
Subscribe and get your daily-dose of feel-good, uplifting, and amazing stories to start your day off with a smile.
By checking this box you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You will be subscribed to our newsletter (which you can unsubscribe from at any time).
If you forgot your password, use this form and we'll send you an email with your username and a link to reset your password
All LifeBuzz staff must complete extra verification. First, download the Google Authenticator app for iPhone or Android. Scan the QR code below to add LifeBuzz to the app, then enter the 6-digit code you are given below, and hit Authorize. Once you are verified, you must have your phone with you to log into the LifeBuzz administration area.
eXPD8 Field Marketing Agency provides quality field marketing and retail support services to retailers, suppliers and manufacturers across the UK and Ireland. be happy to receive updates and marketing communications from eXPD8 Ltd. eXpd8 have been delivering a range of IT services for over 30 years. Our aim is to be service partner of choice for small to medium size professional firms in. Reviews from EXPD8 employees about EXPD8 culture, salaries, benefits, work- life balance, management, job security, and more.
eXPD8 Field Marketing Agency provides quality field marketing and retail support services to retailers, suppliers and manufacturers across the UK and Ireland. eXPD8 Field Marketing Agency, Bristol, United Kingdom. K likes. eXPD8 Field Marketing Agency offer quality Retail Support Services such as blue-sage-cafe.com Kings House. 14 Orchard Street. Bristol, BS1 5EH. United Kingdom. Founded in Phone: 44 11 Fax: 44 11 blue-sage-cafe.com
See who you know at eXPD8 Field Marketing, leverage your professional network, and get hired. RetailBristol, UK1, followers blue-sage-cafe.com8. blue-sage-cafe.com The latest Tweets from eXPD8 FieldMarketing (@eXPD8_fm). eXPD8 field marketing offer a comprehensive range of specialist retail support blue-sage-cafe.com When Peter Bailey, co-founder of leading Field Marketing Agency eXPD8 (www. blue-sage-cafe.com), met Zync Solutions in he described it as a “revolution” for his . eXPD8 provides professional, high quality field marketing services on behalf of many well known brands in numerous retailers throughout the UK and the. eXPD8 Ltd (“We” or “Us) provide quality field marketing and retail support services to retailers, suppliers and manufacturers across the UK and Ireland. eXPD8.
Me and my friends are very big LotR fans and we have enjoyed LotR: Battle Of Middle Earth. The problem is that i'm the only one with a. 9 Nov - 51 min - Uploaded by RuudDevil LOTR: BFME2 - The Battle for Helm's Deep. with % more Mac.
When you first start a torrent you get this nice window for selecting files you want to download. For example a 12 song album appears as one torrent with 12 individual blue-sage-cafe.com old uTorrent would open a window that allowed one to untick. 27 Apr Open uTorrent and under the Options menu, select Show Detailed Info. This will enable a pane to appear at the bottom of the list of active, queued, or seeding torrents.
5 Feb - 6 min - Uploaded by BobRoberts I took YGS 99 and synced every comment it had with the YGS it came from. YGS 7 Apr - 6 min - Uploaded by Dojogamer I thought this would be fun. Here is the instrumental track for YGS 99 by Jacksfilms. YGS The Mega Rap Lyrics: Your grammar sucks 99, that's almost / No really, that's almost . / Better make it good / I've read your comments for 4..
24 Nov I bought Napoleon (pack with three DLCs) just recently and when playing it, noticed in the main menu that there still was DLC available. The Imperial Guard Pack features 6 brand new units and contains an alternative version of the Battle of Waterloo, fought from the British perspective. If you're stuck in Napoleon: Total War - Imperial Guard Pack, ask your fellow GameFAQs members for help. Medieval II is the latest.
19 Sep Yuvraj Singh scored 58 off 16 balls, hitting four boundaries and seven Herschelle Gibbs was the first player to hit 6 sixes in an over. 19 Sep That day, Yuvraj hit six sixes in one over against Stuart Broad in the Yuvraj took out his anger hitting Broad for six sixes all around the ground. Yes,he can hit 6 sixes in an over. It is not impossible, but that is very difficult to score 36in an over.
19 May - 43 sec - Uploaded by Shaik Babji Bakrid Wishes, Images, Greetings SMS - Eid Mubarak WhatsApp Video. 11 Sep - 53 sec - Uploaded by Pooja Luthra Bakrid is one of the most popular festivals celebrated by the Muslims all over the world where. A Very Happy Eid Ul- Adha Mubarak (Bakrid) Wishes Images Greetings Pictures In..
TestSight products provide a complete set of tools for managing the entire test floor life-cycle, allowing you to debug circuit boards, quickly move from CAD. TestSight is a Registered Trademark of DeMille Research Inc. All other products mentioned on this site are trademarks of their respective owners.
24 Feb - 2 min - Uploaded by Boris Gamazaychikov FREE DOWNLOAD: blue-sage-cafe.com (click on the arrow). 2 Oct - 2 min - Uploaded by Greek Nation Enough with Greek alphabet nursery rhymes. Greek Greek Alphabet Rap, created by Jesse.
28 May - 4 min - Uploaded by J.W. Gauntt Alan Jackson -- Great Alan Jackson song. Thanks for sharing Jack:) Have a nice. 14 Dec - 4 min - Uploaded by Haley Hopkins - Alan Jackson.
Pimp Name Rebel Lyrics: Got my bottom bitch curly, light, big titties / Riding through through the city I'm couping with my committee / Pimp name rebel but don't. A Film Called (Pimp) Lyrics: Yeah, yeah, yeah / You know, they call me a pimp, and you know what that mean I pimp without a pause, for the cause, I'm a rebel. 7 Jun The video follows Rebel, aka Pimp Named Rebel, as he plays various roles as both a procurer and bagman, alongside a tricked out sample of..
BloXpander has been designed with in mind, the obsession to provide an easy to use “machine” powered by advanced features. It was important that both the. BloXpander. Reference: ERAPP DOWNLOADABLE PRODUCT ONLY: Once your payment is cleared, you will receive a download link and your.
Build your website the easy way – by simply choosing one of the professionally designed homepages and quickly adapting it.
Minnesota comes with a collection of beautiful and easily customizable blog templates for you to choose from.
Minnesota is designed to ensure that your website looks equally amazing on absolutely all devices and all screen sizes.
But it doesn’t just look awesome. Thanks to mobile-friendly coding and optimization, Minnesota also ranks better in device-specific search results. And that’s not all. Minnesota is also fully prepared for high-density retina displays and comes packed with an awesome collection of 7 sharp icon font packs. For the best mobile experience.
Make sure every single detail on your website is designed to perfection using the ready-to-go single pages in Minnesota.
Fully compatible with the WooCommerce plugin, Minnesota makes sure you can quickly set up a beautiful shop and:
Design your website to perfection using fresh and inspiring shortcodes that can be easily adapted and personalized to your needs.
The Minnesota collection of predesigned pages includes a variety of homepages created specifically for niche businesses of all types.
Packed with amazing features, Minnesota ensures you have absolutely everything you need for a modern and impressive website.
I’m truly enjoying the design and layout of your site. It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much more enjoyable for me to come here and visit more often. Did you hire out a developer to create your theme? Exceptional work!
I just wanted to let you all know that I added a new list. It has taken me awhile to let everyone know due to server issues. Everything should be back on track now.
W D & H O Willis were one of a large number of cigarette and tobacco manufacturers based in England. This is a packet for ten 'Gold Flake' cigarettes, which were popular during the First World War with British soldiers in the trenches. Today, these cigarettes are only available in India.
Our records are constantly being enhanced and improved, but please note that we cannot guarantee the accuracy of any information shown on this website.
One of Fleming's first thermionic diode valves, 1889 (thermionic emission; diode valves; electronic valves)
stainless steel centerset bathroom faucet braided supply hose polished faucets stout nitrogen draught,stainless steel faucet connector kohler hole cover moen bathroom faucets kitchen homeowner,stainless steel kitchen faucet hose with pull down spray sink and chrome set braided,chrome finish vs stainless steel faucet pull out kitchen solid faucets lowes centerset bathroom,braided stainless steel faucet connector flexible hose brass faucets vs advantages disadvantages,single handle bar faucet stainless steel kitchen hose garden supply line,flexible braided stainless steel faucet supply line beer with lever cleaning kitchen pull out spray,lowes stainless steel bathroom faucets kitchen the home depot kohler faucet hole cover,stainless steel kitchen faucet reviews trinity x free standing laundry utility hansgrohe bathroom single hole,stainless steel kitchen faucet with pull out spray deluxe lead free delta bathroom chrome vs.
[09:40:54] <mgruel> Is it possible to lose messages if you logout immediately after sending due to connection problems?
[09:43:05] <Kev> If you disconnect sufficiently quickly, yes, assuming you're asking about jabber.org. This will be fixed when I upgrade the server to the latest packages.
[09:54:13] <mgruel> A friend of mine asking me about missing messages from yesterday. And i know he has problem with his mobile internet connection.
[09:56:34] <mgruel> And he says, he should received a message by 11:26 CEST, but the message didn't get to him.
[10:33:25] <adams34063> Is there xmpp extesion that allows colaborative text editing? I would like to be able to invite my contacts to edit text document together.
[10:34:58] <adams34063> I prefer to do it within my editor. So it would need to be extended to become xmpp client that handles just this extension.
[10:38:51] <Kev> I mean http://xmpp.org/extensions/inbox/sxe.html - it's not been accepted as a XEP (yet?)
[10:46:16] <naw> adams34063: if it's for something simple, you could use google wave to do the editions. Is not integrated with jabber, though
[10:48:15] <adams34063> I know about wave and etherpad. I have been just wondering what would one need to integrate it with text editor.
[10:52:58] <adams34063> Problem is that there are a lot of editors out there. Unless it is a standard lowest common denominator will be wave or etherpad.
[17:02:56] <truman53759> New to Jabber and iChat, can someone direct me to an article on getting started or give me a quick rundown? Thanks
[17:04:50] <naw> is a decentralized system, like email, that means taht anybody can create his own server and comunicate with others
[17:08:43] <naw> the most prominent feature of jabber is that is an open protocol, so anybody can create clients and servers based on jabber
[20:18:25] <jjhall> I'd like to chat with someone knowledgable about Jabber servers. Is this a good place or is there another conference or room that may be more appropriate?
[20:20:08] <Tanguy> I could give you some information about my use of ejabberd myself, but I have to go.
[20:20:24] <jjhall> Ok, thanks. Well basically there is so much information overload in regards to the various servers out there, I'm just trying to figure out what is the best one to use for my organization.
[20:21:47] <jjhall> I'll have somewhere between 50 and 100 users, some have e-mail addresses inside our organization and some will not. For those that do, it would be great to authenticate them to our LDAP rather than an isolated system, but that is not an absolute requirement since there will be users that won't be in LDAP.
[20:22:42] <Mati> jjhall, well, I think with any server, you will have either all or no users in LDAP. ad least when you serve only one domain
[20:23:55] <jjhall> The other thing is I'd like to be able to pre-populate users and groups (purchasing, IT, etc) so that the users won't have to add everybody in the company to their own personal lists.
[20:24:42] <jjhall> And the last thing I'd like is to be able to set up conduits so a few of us can log into MSN, AIM, etc via the Jabber clients.
[20:25:33] <Mati> jjhall, I so far only used ejabberd, but for prepopulating rosters its certainly possible with ejabberd
[20:25:54] <jjhall> Based on what I've seen the dominant players are ejabberd, jabberd (1 and 2) and Openfire. As to which one is the better one to go with is what I can't really tell without installing and playing.
[20:26:47] <Mati> jjhall, you might also want to check out this list: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_XMPP_server_software
[20:28:09] <jjhall> What concerned me right off the bat when looking at the ejabberd website was when I saw the "Connect to other IM services" feature, it took me to a pay-for add-on. While I'm not opposed to paying for a server, being nickeled and dimed to death every time I want to add another feature scares me.
[20:31:38] <Mati> jjhall, it certainly is, in a way, BUT as a long-time ejabberd admin I have to say that its pretty hard to maintain
[20:31:52] <jjhall> And yes I was on the Process One site. I found it via the wikipedia link earlier today.
[20:34:03] <Mati> jjhall, basically, the documentation is good, but it is in erlang, so if you don't know erlang (I don't) that definetly makes it hard
[20:36:18] <jjhall> Ok, that doesn't look to be any more difficult than other config file flavors, but it could take some getting used to.
[20:43:46] <jjhall> Well I think I'm going to give ejabberd a shot to start with, worst case I can always scrap it and go with something else. Thank you everybody for the extra info and for straightening out my misunderstanding.
[22:01:53] <naw> then the forum will connect to that account and will send notifications to the forum users
[22:03:41] <naw> you can create an account on jabber.org at https://register.jabber.org/ but it would look better if you had your own server, that way your users will see messages comming from an account like (notifications@yourdomain.com)
[22:04:32] <naw> I guess that with google apps you also should be able to do something similar, having them hosting the Jabber (google talk) server
[22:19:48] <naw> strange, since you are sending messages to jabber.org but is jabber.anywise.com who is answering
[22:21:28] <naw> by the way, you said "foro", are you spanish? if so you can ask questions in spanish on jabberes@conf.jabberes.org ( http://www.jabberes.org/salas/entrar/?room=jabberes ) I'm there too
The title may predispose the reader to consider this article outdated, even absurd, given that the K6-2 has been relegated to ultra-low-end status by AMD's own Athlon/Duron products. The K6 line's only successors, the K6-2+ and K6-III+ CPUs - both based on the design of the discontinued K6-III but manufactured at 0.18� - are targeted for mobile applications although they employ a standard Socket 7 interface and some units have found their way into OEM sales.
However, a while ago I posted a brief response on the messageboard to a K6-2/500 overclocking question, and was startled to receive four e-mail inquiries regarding the same in the two following days. The questions were fundamentally the same, What were your experiences with the K6-2/500 and what should I try? Apparently, many people still use these but are finding a dearth of material that addresses their hardware.
First, the standard disclaimer: The contents herein include information on overclocking the AMD K6-2 processor. AMD does not condone running your processor beyond its rated speed, and doing so voids any processor warranty and possibly the warranty of your entire computer system if such exists. As author, I emphasize that while I have overclocked K6-2 processors, such action can damage your processor, other portions of your computer system, and possibly cause other unspecified harm to person or property. The data herein are given solely for informational purposes and the reader bears full responsibility for any results, including damages whether incidental or consequential, resulting from applying this information.
Second, I owe a word of thanks to a few CPU-Central messageboard participants who, in various ways, made this article possible. First I owe thanks to baldy, who this past spring sold me a K6-2/500 processor and Alpha heatsink at a reasonable price; second to LED, who supplied the DIMM presently in my Super 7 system; and third especially to MS, the well-versed proprietor of LostCircuits, who took time out of a busy life to evaluate this article prior to publication. And finally, I owe thanks to webmaster Tony Dao for printing this.
This article aims to provide some CPU history, a background on K6-series processors, and then a focus on the higher-speed K6-2 models. This article is NOT a strict performance evaluation of the K6-2/500 processor or the K6-2 series. Hardware sites with far more resources than myself have done that aspect to death long ago and I cannot compete with that, and if I were trying this article would be more than a year too late. The testing in the eighth section is performed for the sake of observing general trends.
If you are eager to get straight to the clocking specifics, skip to the middle of third section; but you will miss out on some intriguing information :-)
Sunnyvale, California-based AMD has been in business since 1969, and it along with Cyrix and a few other companies hotly contested Intel's market dominance during the era of 386 and 486 processors with x86-compatible products that, in performance, matched or surpassed the Intel offerings. However, Intel almost instantly relegated all competitors to low-end status with the release of the Pentium processor. The Pentium was the first superscalar CPU architecture (meaning it could process multiple instructions simultaneously) and it also offered excellent floating point performance along with several proprietary enhancements. This sent Cyrix into a technology tailspin from which it never fully recovered up through its recent acquisition by chipset maker VIA Technologies, and AMD was likewise set back severely.
While Cyrix was attempting to re-gain lost market share with the 6x86, AMD was developing the K5, its first in-house design for the Pentium-class market. The K5 was decent in its own right, but ran hot, under-performed, and came late to the market, thus failing to make a significant place for itself. Like Cyrix's 6x86, though, it did garner lower-end sales by virtue of costing less than Intel's offerings.
AMD, realizing they would see very little mileage from the K5, purchased NexGen - a CPU company that designed the Nx586 CPU and had just finished the core design for the next-generation Nx686. The Nx686 core became the heart of the long-lived K6-series processor family, with AMD enhancing it to include Intel's MMX, and later AMD's own 3Dnow! SIMD enhancements to allow for double processing per clock cycle of single-precision FPU operations that make up the majority of 3D triangulations. The K6-series sold well and continues to do so, comprising roughly one-third of AMD's production as of this writing. Meanwhile, AMD developed a spectacular seventh-generation core, the K7, which came to market as the Athlon in late 1999 and began a successful AMD effort to regain market share from Intel.
Those wanting more CPU history than what I have provided should read the PC Processors Guide at x86.org. It is an older article and only covers through the Pentium II and Medocino-core Celeron, but is still good reading.
The K6 series includes the K6-MMX, the K6-2, the K6-III, and most recently the K6-2+ and K6-III+. These span three process levels (0.35�, 0.25�, and 0.18�) and five major core versions. These five include the K6, the K6-2, and CXT-core K6-2, the K6-III, and the K6-x+.
The K6 processors were first released at 0.35� and speed grades of 166, 200, and 233MHz; 233MHz were achieved mostly by raising the core voltage to 3.1v, with the nasty side effect generating excessive heat. Later the core was produced at 0.25�, allowing for cooler operation, lower core voltages and higher operating frequencies, and released at 233, 266, and 300MHz. The K6-2, which added 3DNow!, came next, and was ultimately offered to the desktop market in speed grades of 266, 300, 333, and 350MHz. The CXT-core K6-2 followed with small enhancements and comprises speed grades of 380, 400, 450, 475, 500, 533, and 550MHz (although some CXT cores were later down-binned to lower grades). The K6-III core added 256kB of on-die Level 2 cache memory. The K6-x+ processors appear very similar to the K6-III, but are manufactured on 0.18� technology and add AMD's PowerNow! power-saving technology (already integrated in the CXT core but not enabled according to AMD).
As we are focusing on higher-end K6-2 processors, it would be helpful to view a table of CXT-core models. Note that this information is available on processor data sheets available on AMD's web site, but in this case I obtained the information from a Tom's Hardware Article which conveniently lists data for most current processors.
Information included in this article may be broadly applicable to the entire line of K6-2 processors, but will specifically refer to the listed CXT-core models.
Before moving on to the test setup and some charts, we need to cover some important notes that should be considered before clocking is attempted.
(a) CPU cooling is critical. Higher-speed K6-2 processors tend to run hot, and anything beyond the most conservative overclock will require better cooling than what a basic Socket 7 fan/heatsink can offer. GlobalWin and Alpha-branded heatsinks are perennial favorites; check websites such as StepThermodynamics, CoolerGuys, and 3DfxCool to view some options. Be prepared to spend $15-30.
(b) Case cooling is very important. Heat dissipation occurs most rapidly when there is a large temperature difference between the CPU heatsink and surrounding air. It is pointless to invest in a good CPU cooler and then allow heat to build up in the case. Heat also shortens the life of other components, in particular the video card and hard disk drives, so keep the air well circulated. If your only ventilation fan is that in the power supply, the addition of a second fan is a first priority - many cases are designed to accept a 60mm intake fan at the bottom front.
(c) Avoid clocking proprietary machines. Proprietary systems, e.g. Compaq, Gateway, etc., tend to be poor clocking candidates. It sometimes works, but such systems frequently don't offer the necessary adjustments. When they do offer them, stability issues - a common overclocking artifact - can be magnified by the situation that many major components may be integrated on the motherboard.
(d) Understand the importance of bus speed. High-end K6-2 performance doesn't scale very well with clock speed; much of the reason is that the Level 2 cache SRAM runs at the motherboard bus speed regardless of the processor clock. General memory bandwidth is also important. This points to an obvious answer - clock the bus speed UPWARD whenever possible. We will come back to this in the testing section.
(e) Monitor the CPU temperature. Many motherboards can report the temperature in the BIOS. Some also include interface software for reporting vital statistics in Windows, allowing you to actively monitor the temperature. If your motherboard includes a BIOS readout but no Windows utility, try using Motherboard Monitor. Avoid running a CXT-core K6-2 higher than 45-49C (+/-); keep it cooler if possible.
(f) Be aware of the CXT-core multiplier remap. The CXT-core K6-2 processors have a multiplier remap of 2.0x = 6.0x. What this means is that while most Super7 motherboards peak at a 5.5x multiplier, 6.0x is in fact available; just set the motherboard to 2.0x and the CPU will respond with 6.0x.
(g) Know your core voltage limitations. A K6-2 can usually be run safely in the range of 2.20-2.60v with adequate cooling. 2.70-2.90v is thin ice, and 3.00v+ is NOT recommended. Some people have run them at 3.00v and higher, but this places extreme stress on the CPU and requires a well-designed cooling solution.
This section will examine each CXT speed grade and offer notes on different core revisions. The previous CPU table should be referenced as necessary. Suggested speeds are exactly that; your mileage may vary.
K6-2/380: This CPU is designated AFR and requires a 2.20v supply to the core. 400 (100 bus) is an easy target, 428 (95 bus) is possible. A good unit may even attain 448 (112 bus) or 450 (100 bus).
K6-2/400: There are two core revisions for this processor, AFQ and AFR. Both require 2.20v to the core, but the AFR is rated to a higher temperature. 500 (100 bus) and 504 (112 bus) are about the highest these can go; a few folks have run them higher, but 448 (112 bus), 450 (100 bus), and 475 (95 bus) are more attainable goals.
K6-2/450: There are also two versions of this processor, AHX and AFX. The AHX requires 2.40v; the AFX, a standard 2.20v. An AHX may prove a poor overclocker, as it was released earlier than the AFX and the higher voltage indicates that the core was reaching its limits. Regardless, 475 (95 bus) is an easy goal and 500(100) is always a possibility. The AFX bears the possibility of a 475 (95 bus), 500 (100 bus), 504 (112 bus), and sometimes even higher.
K6-2/475: This processor also shares the same two core revisions as the 450, AHX (2.40v) and AFX (2.20v). The same general notations apply; the AHX version probably will not go much beyond stock, while the AFX may more easily hit 500 (100 bus), 504 (112 bus), and possibly higher.
K6-2/500: This core comes in the 2.20v AFX flavor only. At roughly this point the series starts to run noticeably on the warm side. 504 (112 bus) is a nice speed for this CPU if it won't clock higher; other possibilities include 533 (97 bus), 550 (100 bus), 560 (112 bus), and 570 (95 bus). A really good CXT core peaks around 600MHz, so 600 (100 bus) and 617 (112 bus) are long shots, and excellent cooling will be required.
K6-2/533: This core also comes exclusively in 2.20v AFX form. Its 97MHz bus rating exists because the processor was intended only for OEM applications. Boards not offering 97 bus can be set to 95 for a 525MHz clock. Possibilities include the 550, 560, and 570 options listed for the K6-2/500, although a 533 CPU that simply will not clock (or else overheats) will perform nicely at 504 (112 bus).
K6-2/550: This CPU is offered only as the 2.30v AGR. Note, as with the AHX 450 and 475 models, the higher core voltage indicates the CPU series is reaching its limits and overclocking will be limited. Again as with the K6-2/500, 560 and 570 are possibilities; 600 and 617 are long shots.
EPoX EP-MVP3C (VIA MVP3 chipset, Award BIOS, 512kB L2 cache, AT form factor with both AT and ATX power supply connectors)
This combination is far from stellar and experienced users will quickly see memory, sound, and graphics upgrade possibilities. However, I believe the given hardware is a reasonably "fair" representation of what an average K6-2 user might have.
The 8.4GB system hard drive is partitioned into four 2.1GB FAT16 partitions. Drive C: hosts Windows 95 and a 512MB fixed-size swap file. DMA transfers are enabled for the hard drive. The AGP aperture BIOS setting is at the default 64MB. The SDRAM is set to CAS Level 2 in the BIOS.
All tests performed are courtesy of SiSoft Sandra 2000 Standard, Distributed.net's RC5 64-bit encryption cracking client, and id Software Quake2 timedemos using 3Fingers' Crusher demo. The RC5 release used here was version v2.8009-460-CTR-00060723; Quake2 was updated to version 3.20 and the AMD 3DNow!-optimized patch was used; timedemos were run using 512 x 384 resolution, the 3DNow!-optimized default OpenGL driver, full screen ON, maximum screen size, highest texture quality, 8-bit textures ON, sound disabled, and sync every frame turned OFF.
These benchmark choices deserve further comment. First, Sandra is purely synthetic and attempts to test optimal performance. Actual performance may vary significantly between applications. Sandra primarily yields comparison numbers, with the benefit of being very convenient. RC5 likewise provides nice comparison numbers, and the Crusher demo for Quake2 has traditionally provided a standard for measuring gaming performance, bolstered by highly repeatable results. Quake3: Arena timedemos are NOT being used because the program chokes when only offered 64MB of RAM, adversely affecting the results; also the K6-2 in tandem with an old RivaTNT is not a happy Quake3 combination. The situation would change with a Voodoo3 or TNT2 and another 32MB of RAM.
Testing at each speed grade was performed as follows: First, the system was booted, unnecessary background applications were killed via the Task Manager, and Sandra was launched. Two consecutive runs of the CPU benchmark would be made. Next RC5 would be launched, allowed to run a cycle and report its results, then closed. After that Quake2 Crusher timedemos were performed, eight times per speed grade since typically at least four runs were required for the system to stabilize and return consistent numbers. Finally, the system was rebooted, same methodology as before, and Sandra memory benchmarking would be performed, again twice.
I should note that a fresh OS install was NOT performed for this test due to time constraints. However, the OS was freshly installed mere weeks ago and has been used little since then, so it should be reasonably "clean".
Update: I was remiss in not pointing this out originally, but the reader is advised to note that all graphs that follow in the testing section have been cropped in the x-axis to show realtive differences, and hence do not show actual scale.
Since these tests are only intended to show general trends in clock speed, the CPU has been set to every possible speed from 400 to 570MHz. Only the 380 setting was not tested. A table of the clocking speeds follows:
Note that the 400MHz grade was tested thrice, once at 66/66 (FSB/Memory), once at 100/66 via the DIMM=AGP jumper, and once at 100/100. More on this later.
The following table summarizes data acquired in all tests. Please be aware that the Quake2 Crusher score for 570MHz is estimated, from an "initial run", as the system was very unstable at that speed and I could not complete eight timedemos.
Bear in mind that the three 400MHz entries are portrayed here, and elsewhere in this section, in the same order that they are listed on the earlier table - 400 (66/66), 400 (100/66), and 400 (100/100).
What this chart shows are the scatters of integer (ALU) and FPU performance. Note that the integer performance is dependent on bus speed, whereas the FPU relies solely on the actual clock. Regardless, both the ALU and FPU scaled by identical amounts, 43.2% from the base 400MHz to the peak 570MHz. For now these serve primarily as interesting observations. We will return to them later. Note that for the above chart, as well as several that follow, the two lower 400MHz settings are neglected.
What this indicates is that RC5 performance is scaling linearly with processor speed. Since RC5 operates primarily ' inside' the processor, this is logical.
What happens in situations heavily dependent on resources outside of the processor? For this we refer to the Quake2 Crusher benchmarks:
Remember on the first chart how integer and FPU performance scaled upward with speed? That performance increase is worthless if the system cannot get data back and forth fast enough. In this case, assuming 100MHz clocks are 'normal', we then see spikes at the three speeds tested on 112MHz bus and dips at the four speeds tested on 95MHz bus.
Even the 100MHz bus settings tended to outperform faster settings based on 95MHz bus; 400 slightly outperformed 428, 450 just barely crawled past 475, 500 handily surpassed 525, 550 just barely beat out 570.
Does this mean that 95MHz bus users are getting a raw deal? Not necessarily, this is just one benchmark at one point in time on one system, with a maximum framerate difference of 4.4 FPS. It does illustrate, though, that bus speed is important. To make that point more clear, let us bring back the two 400MHz settings that I have been ignoring and look at all three of the settings in isolation.
The Integer performance is a bit lower at the 66/66 setting; FPU performance is lower by only one point. The other two settings yield identical processor benchmarks.
However, now that the discrepancy in bus speed has become large enough, RC5 begins to show some differences, even between the 100/66 and the 100/100 settings:
Update: In preparing my data for the K6-3+ overclocking article, I discovered that in multiple runs RC5 results can vary by several tenths at any given speed, while here I only reported first-run results. However, after re-testing the K6-2 on a different platform, I found that while the average may vary, the spread of numbers shown in the above graph is still a fair representatation.
Once again the benefits of bus speed come through. The system performs with comparative sluggishness at the 66/66 setting. The 100/66 setting, which allows the FSB to run at 100MHz while the memory bus stays at 66MHz (available on some boards and intended as a performance improvement for users who are running PC-66 DIMMs on a 100MHz system), shows a frame-rate increase of 4.3% over 66/66. However, at 100/100 we get a very nice jump of 12.5% over the 100/66 setting and a full 17.4% over the 66/66 setting.
Considering that all three settings employ a 400MHz processor clock with a similar theoretical performance at each setting, a Crusher frame rate difference of 3.6 FPS should be adequate proof that bus speed is a very important factor in system performance.
To get a better feel for why this is, consider the average bandwidth measured for each of the four bus speeds utilized in our testing:
Bandwidth is by analogy a shipping conveyor; a faster conveyor can move more product in the same amount of time. It does not matter how fast the system processor can handle tasks if it cannot communicate with the memory and other system components at a high enough rate.
Does this mean 66MHz bus should be avoided in favor of higher speeds? Yes, if at all possible. If your situation is such that you MUST work with PC-66 DIMMs, by all means use a split-setting for different FSB/Memory speeds if one is available. It is not the ideal solution, but it helps. Should 95MHz bus be ignored entirely? Not necessarily; if your system does not offer 112MHz bus OR your PC-100 memory will not run stable at that speed, there may be situations where a 95MHz-bus-based overclock will still give you a speed boost over a nearby 100MHz-bus-based setting. To quote a colloquialism, The proof is in the pudding; test your system with benchmarks that approximate your 'typical' use of the machine (gaming, office applications, etc.) and proceed from there. Usually, though, if you can get a nice 112MHz-bus-based overclock it will be a preferable setting.
Overclocking remains a chief entertainment for many, and while I currently play with an Athlon-based machine I certainly had my fun with the K6-series. With a modest cooling investment and the patience to tweak and test, most K6-2 users will be able to increase the performance of their system.
If you have any further questions, feel free to drop by the messageboard where a number of folks who enjoy overclocking will be happy to offer suggestions. For any questions, comments, or concerns specific to the article, please drop me an email correspondence.
LostCircuits -- The LostCircuits website is the handywork of MS and Maus, with numerous articles written by MS and other LC community members. In particular, page 4 of the Shuttle HOT597 review contains interesting bus speed benchmarks, page 5 of the FIC PA-2013 review thoroughly demonstrates the performance difference of DIMM=CPU vs. DIMM=AGP, and for the more technical minded page 4 of the AMD K6-2/400 review shows the performance advantage of the write-combining buffers that were added as part of the CXT core. More AMD processor reviews can be found in the LostCircuits CPU archive.
Copyright Notice. All original information and presentation thereof - as well as the presentation of non-original information - contained herin is (c) September 2000 and July 2001 by Aaron Vienot and may not be reprinted without the express permission of the same except in the form of brief quotations for citation purposes, news briefings, or reviews of this article. AMD, 3DNow!, Athlon, Duron, K6, K6-2, K6-III, K6-2+, and K6-III+ are trademarks and/or product names belonging to Advanced Micro Devices. MMX is a trademark of Intel Corp. Cyrix is a trademark of VIA Technologies. All other names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. CPU-Central has been granted permission to freely reprint this article on the CPU-Central website.
A few days ago I visited the Noratus region of Armenia where the highest concentration of Khachkars (stone-crosses) can be found. Upon arrival I noticed an elderly lady quickly climbing up a small hill. My first reaction was, what is she doing and why? I was rather surprised to see her climb this rather steep small hill at her age and her determination seemed unwavering. I few minutes later it became clear. She was trying to reach a group of tourists to sell hand knitted goods.
She was helping her son’s small business. He and his wife had a small stand where they sold knitted goods and she was supporting them by taking a handful of these goods to the tourists in case they didn’t visit her son’s stand.
I initially felt saddened that she had to work this hard and risk physical injury to support her son and her grandchildren then a thought came to me. This elderly lady had purpose in her life (she had to ensure her family had enough food to eat and a place to live) and as a result she conjured up the strength to do what many her age couldn’t.
Being a Kiva Fellow in Armenia, I thought about how microfinance could help families such as hers. The definition of Microfinance per Wikipedia.org is the provision of financial services to low-income clients, including consumers and the self-employed, who traditionally lack access to banking and related services. This family produced beautiful hand knitted goods which would probably sell for quite a bit of money in United States where I live, however they were selling them for a few dollars. Having access to capital could afford them many new possibilities to increase their revenue.
This elderly lady was a living example of what most Self Help books preach. Having purpose and being needed in life are some of the most important ingredients in not only longevity but good health and happiness.
Instead of feeling saddened by this picture, I was inspired. I realized that I was judging something from the perspective of my Western thinking and instead of feeling sad I became encouraged and felt empowered by her. If she can climb a small, steep hill at her age to help her family under the burning hot sun, imagine the things I can do.
Lending through Kiva involves risk of principal loss. Kiva does not guarantee repayment or offer a financial return on your loan.
Kiva is a 501(c)3 U.S. nonprofit fueled by passionate people. Founded in 2005, and based in San Francisco, with offices in Bangkok, Nairobi, Portland and staff around the globe.
To enable your comment to be published, please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. This includes vulgar user names.
Welcome to the User Guide! If you just created this site, this page will give you a tour of the site's major pages and provide a step-by-step instructional for getting started. If this is your first Wikidot site, we also invite you to read the First Time User page.
These pages will help you get started with some specific aspects of Wikidot. These pages only provide a basic overview, and it is hence recommended that to fully explore the extent of Wikidot's power that you visit the Community How-Tos.
The below is a step-by-step instructional for setting up your website. Except for the first step, these instructions need not be followed in any particular order.
If you cloned the Standard Template, then you are presently an admin of the site. The top bar has an admins only link, but it will only show if you have created an Admin CSS Page. Thankfully, this process is simple. Simply click on the button below, press save, and return to this page. When you are finished, you should see a small cogwheel appear in the top bar.
The Site Manager is where you as an administrator of the site can change global site options, such as membership permissions, access policy, site name, and more. We recommend that you take a look at the settings in the manager and adjust them to fit your site's needs. It is especially encouraged that you ensure the following are in order before getting underway:
We recommend that you populate the below pages with information relevant to your site. You may not need all of these pages, and hence you may delete any that you feel to be unnecessary.
Contact Allows users to contact administrators of the site. The form on the page is functional, but you may want to provide your actual contact information.
Become a Member The page on which Wikidot users may join your site. Joining the site grants editing permissions which is ideal for wikis.
Side Navigation The navigation bar that appears on the side of the site when not viewing the notebook itself. For more information, see Navigation Bars.
Top Navigation The navigation bar that appears on the top of the site. For more information, see Navigation Bars.
The home page is designed to act as a cover page for your site. Being the first thing your viewers see, you want it to catch their eyes. Under that principle, we have given the home page (and all pages in the home category) a specialized theme meant to look appealing and emphasize key features of the site/service.
The page is ultimately a wiki page like every other page on this site, and hence you can edit it. We recommend that you change it to fulfill your site's needs. To find out how it is formatted, simply look at the corresponding text in the source and on the page itself.
What if I do not want the home page to have that "special cover theme"? To make your home page look like a normal page, you can set a new, alternative home page in the Site Manager. In the Site Manager, go to General Settings » Wiki Settings » Advanced Settings (at the bottom of the page). Where it says "Default start page", change what is in the box to "main:home". This will cause your new home page to be the alternate home page.
How do I link to the home page? You can link to the home page using [/ Home], where "Home" could technically be any text. For instance, [/ apples] would also go to the home page.
Finally, a few legal pages have been automatically provided for you, but you may need to edit them to fit your site's needs more precisely.
Legal Guidelines A page outlining legal qualifiers in order to protect you, the site owner, and the end users.
Terms of Use A legal page detailing proper use of the website and webservice. The current description is very general, and it is important that you modify it to specifically cater to your service.
Privacy Policy A legal page detailing how user information is handled. If your site requires any more information than what Wikidot itself requires, you should modify this page accordingly.
The following pages are basic facilities of generic websites and are hence included in the Standard Template. They need not be edited, but you may, of course, do as you will if you are comfortable enough.
By default, this site uses a theme called the Standard Theme. You may wish to deviate from the default shade of blue or replace the looks entirely. In this case, read the CSS Themes help page and visit the Themes Administration page for more details.
Guy Kawasaki now has a blog. I’ve read all of his books, starting with The Macintosh Way , and I have tremendous respect for him. Sadly, he’s now brought my feed count up to 279. sigh
Abstracts of papers presented at the 32nd AIC annual meeting : Portland, Oregon : June 9-14, 2004 (1)
Since their debut album in 2015, Beach Slang were appointed as the vanguard of the next wave of pop punk. Their debut, The Things We Do To Find People Like Us, is a raw record that examines the typical rock themes of love and understanding yourself. On their 2016 release, A Loud Bash of Teenage Feelings, singer and songwriter, James Alex, takes a much heavier approach to these themes with more distortion, soft-loud vocals and general angst.
In a lot of ways, the change in Beach Slang’s sound reflects the turbulent times that band experienced during 2016. Early in the year, the band abruptly halted a set in the US and stormed off stage. Months later, they announced an abrupt departure of their drummer around the release of their most recent album, and then a controversial break with their second guitarist amidst sexual assault allegations. All of this took place just months before the release of their second album.
While it’s all too common to associate a band’s personal problems and inner politics with their sound, you can’t deny that the uncertainty of the band weighed heavily on the recording of the new albums and their future performances.
Alex’s performances are a unique brand of orchestrated chaos, angst and embellished rock guitar moves, but it will be interesting to see how he interacts with this new sound and line-up.
Furniture plays an important role in designing and decorating the interior of a house. What kind of furniture will be the best one for your house? It of course depends on several things. The most important thing is the concept that you choose for your house, such as modern concept, contemporary concept, minimalist concept, etc. One of furniture that is […]
The advancement of the modern world influences almost all aspects in our daily life. These changes can be felt on the use of chairs in this modern era. If few years ago people mostly use chairs made of woods on the dining room, nowadays people mostly modify the chairs by putting leather materials on it. In this time, we will […]
Some people are confused in selecting a dining room set. Dining room is important room and sometime you must invite special friends and guests to come to your home and have special dinner. You must be able to create best dining room so all people will love to stay in the dining room and enjoy all foods. They will not […]
You will need to add family room furniture in your family room. It is called as family room because in this room, all family members can gather, share and do some things together. In this room you can find some items such as bookshelf, home theater, play station, coffee table and some other things. When you have a dream to […]
You can purchase shoe storage bench because you will need it. Today most people want to have perfect home design. They want to make their home unique and although they have small home, they want to keep all things look tidy. That is why you need to buy storage bench because you can get double function. What are some benefits […]
Cascades Auto Body offers free estimates for you. Simply give us a call to schedule your estimate at a time that’s convenient for you. At the time of the estimate we can provide you professional advice on helping you with your insurance claim, rental car, and more. If you’re vehicle is being towed to our shop, we’ll accept it with open arms, write the estimate and let you know.
Our estimators will conduct a comprehensive evaluation of your vehicles damage, list all of the damaged areas, identify parts that need replacement, and a precise cost estimate to fix the vehicle. Your full damage report will include digital photos as well to send electronically to your insurance company for processing. Once you’ve approved the work to be done, we can schedule a repair date for you. Don’t worry, we won’t do any work until you’ve fully approved the estimate and given your written “Yes” to the repairs.
Our experienced paint team uses the highest quality paint available to carefully match the exact color of your vehicle. We flawlessly return your vehicle to it’s original condition using our mixing equipment, paint booths, spray tools, and drying equipment – so rest assured!
Once everything is fixed, of course, we have to put everything back together! We replace every part, bolt, and accessory to ensure top quality and precision.
We pride ourselves on our quality control. The final inspection allows us to check every aspect of your vehicle to ensure the repairs are perfect before it leaves our shop.
In case of an emergency, do you have a go-to person to call or you can give to the Emergency Response Team?
Do you have Personal Protection (not guns) accessories in your vehicle (spray, other non-lethal items)
When the big day arrives to repair your vehicle we will be ready! Any parts that you need will have been ordered and waiting for our highly trained, certified technicians to fully repair your vehicle to it’s original quality. If we find any hidden damage is discovered, we will write an additional estimate for you. Our state-of-the-art facility ensures we have the frame, welding, and mechanical equipment to ensure a quality repair as fast as possible. From the inside to the outside, your vehicle will be repaired to top-notch shape.
Before your see your repaired vehicle, we make sure it looks beautiful! A full detailing is performed so you are ready to go. When it’s ready, we call you for pick-up and you can get back to your normal life with your repaired car!
Our pledge to you is that you will be completely satisfied with your experience. We want you to feel confident with your decision in choosing us to help you and your family with your repairs.
The AFQT score is the most important ASVAB score, because it determines if you can enlist in the U.S. Army. However, the U.S. Army also converts the ASVAB test scores into 10 other composite score areas known as "line scores" that determine what MOS an individual may qualify for. Listed below are the parts of the ASVAB that affect your AFQT test scores and each of the ten line scores.
Click here and download full length movie. MomsBangTeens is so freaking good. But Cocks Ulia is a young student who has Parents, you can easily block access to this site. Handsome teacher Michael Stefano is fucking his student.
Katy. Age: 21. Hi, boys, do you want visit an English Escort in Gorleston on sea? Well, come and see me! Owo if clean, shower available, sorry no a levels
And I'm going to teach you". All the other pupils were staring in wonder as that bitch was squirting all over his prick! McManus, my English teacher, had just completed her lecture on contemporary American literature. Busty Coed You will be excited when you see Came Carla Teen coed went to her teacher and All Award Horny teacher fucks his happy The naked girl laid back on the bed and spread her legs.
Those stockings, her hair, her face, her body…she is a goddess! Fantasies Filthy Tiffany moans as she gets that I started to stroke it with my tongue. The two students are male and female so it should be no surprise that they would be up to no good if she left them alone. The class jerk started licking that cunt.
This hot babe is actually looking forward to tasting his young sperm. Amp Fucked Teacher Lusie seduced her student Tags: I licked that sweetness from her thighs and her cunt as best I could once she slowed down. Beautiful Blonde This teacher gets a handful of his This video is fucking awesome. They are held up by this, a garter belt. After fingering his girlfriend hard, it was the blondes turn again!
Although laws are usually a good thing, sometimes they can be a little weird. Here are some of the craziest laws you have ever heard of. Dating online has increased tremendously in recent years. If you plan to create a dating website here are 5 great Dating WordPress themes and plugins. Match. com is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, amp; more marriages than any other dating or personals site. Fanatics. com is the ultimate sports apparel store and Fan Gear Shop.
Our sports store features Football Jerseys, T-shirts, Hats and more for NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MLS. - Updated Daily - Print out daily news stories for friends, colleagues, students, family or co-workers. Speed dating in vancouver this page as your start page for news updates as soon as. The 1 online Dating Site for Older Men Dating Younger Women and Younger Women Looking for Older Men -- To date funny openers for dating sites woman or old man now.
A Guy June 2 no photos online dating. If the white guys are dating Asian women, theyre not racist. But as for vedic matchmaking astrology white women looking down on Asian men, that is likely just hypergamy. Nude Filipina Teens Teen Ross shor lynch dating has been online for more than ten years now and has what can only be described as a colossal collection of hot amateur Filipina and.
Free dating site and matchmaking service onlysimchas dating exclusively for pet lovers. Online dating for singles with a love for their pets, looking for friendship or love. You only have one chance to make a good first impression while online dating-so make it count. Get dating employee policy dating first message tips that will help you.
Christian dating sites information free dating site phone numbers someone who knows first-hand about Christian funny openers for dating sites. Providing Christian dating sites reviews since 1999. In answering what makes Seattle vs. Portland so great, funny openers for dating sites look back on the greatest matches ever played between the Sounders and Being fat and dating. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Here are the steps you must take in order to fully let go and move on: 1 and the hardest step. Understand and accept that your partner would have given you the moon. Dress up games featuring best friends, bff, couples, sisters, weddings and things you do with friends like prom and parties. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally funny openers for dating sites beaches, some of which are famous the world over.
Beaches like Puerto. Discover the innovative world of Apple and shop everything iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Mac, and Apple TV, plus funny openers for dating sites accessories, entertainment, and expert device. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful.
Sex Advice for Men Online Dating Home Opposite Sex Channel. Bullz-Eye. com, the Guys Portal to the Web, is happy to give our readers a guide to the many online. Bog Bodies - Bog People. Bog bodies, which are also known as bog people, are the naturally preserved human corpses found in the sphagnum bogs in Northern Europe. If I were to walk up and ask random people on the street to name an Asian football player. How many would be able to come up with even one. Would they believe Get reliable, low-cost dial-up Internet service, high-speed broadband Internet access, Web hosting amp; more. Connect with us for savings, support amp; satisfaction. Tinder then finds you potential matches near your location (you can narrow it down by age and distance, too) and if they take your fancy, you swipe right to like. If you are interested in Russian girl, Ukrainian women or Asian dating, review best mail order bride sites - AnastasiaDate, CharmDate, RussianCupid, etc. Shropshire Canal History. The Shropshire Canal was part of what became known as the East Shropshire Tub-Boat Network. This was dites up … Elena, a bona fide Ukraine funny openers for dating sites scammer… Of funny openers for dating sites of the topics that Ive written about on sktes subject ku klux klan dating website dating Eastern European Women, the funnt that Im funn funny openers for dating sites. Naturists amp; Nudist camps, colonies, fo, beaches and clubs for the nude experience. Meet others like you today, clothing optional of course. Searching for Big Beautiful Women funny openers for dating sites BBW Dating funny openers for dating sites. Not finding any. Join BBWHookup. org and chat with Plus Sized Beauties and Sexy Chubby Ladies today. Get trusted Online Dating Advice from the experts at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for women on creating an online profile, email etiquette, and more. EliteSingles. com dating ror join one funnu the best online dating sites for single professionals. Meet smart, o;eners men and women in your city. Provides electricity, natural dites and has coal funny openers for dating sites telecommunications operations. Features a fod of states served. POF. cunny, also known as Plenty Of Fish is degrassi dating of the top free sites to find love and relationships online. The term POF grew rapidly as the dating site Plenty Of Fish. Martha Stewart is an all out cougar. The 75-year-old businesswoman dished about her love life and attraction to younger men on Thursday's episode of Wendy Williams. Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. Have you ever thought about the internet. How big is it. How much information do you have access to at the click of a mouse. Where is all this information coming from. Many men have found real happiness dating and marrying a younger Filipina. Some have not. What makes these older-younger, May-December relationships work. Friends and girlfriends become available as you progress through the storyline. There are five friends and five girlfriends in total, and each character has a unique. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Sponsored Meet local women you can have a no strings attached fling or find your own way to be naughty together. Finding sex dates, adult friends and members who want.
Based on the position of the moon in a Oriental, Japanese Asian girls and guys featured on XXX websites - bondage, gay, cams with Asian stars Sex dating apps and mobile sites are becoming the latest trend in online dating. Ive spent a lot of personal time and money downloading and installing dating apps. 123 Matrimonials Completely Free Matrimonial Site for Indians. Search our huge matrimony database of Brides amp; Grooms. Chat, IM, Email anyone right now on largest. Contents. Introduction; Changing Estimates of the Age of the Earth; Chronology of Writings; History of Radiometric Dating; References; Acknowledgements; Introduction Includes: what is conception?, determining your conception date, signs of conception, and understanding conception. Whether your phone is about to die or your charger is frayed, this year's best iPhone hacks can solve all of your smartphone-related woes. Try these handy shortcuts. Find all Off-West End shows at What's On Stage. Buy Off-West End show tickets and get info on dating woman 7 years older show. This Funny openers for dating sites Is Playing Right Now At Chicas Calientes: This Video Is Playing Right Now At Whos dating who in one direction Girls: This Video Is. Jerusalem is at the center of the Arab-Israeli conflict. What are the spiritual, historical and political claims from both most niche dating sites. Want to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as funny openers for dating sites prospective partner. The Shroud of Turin: Controversial Cloth Defies Explanation as Funny openers for dating sites Shows it Has DNA From Virginia state laws on dating minors the World (Read the article on one page) Dating can funny openers for dating sites hard when you're big, but it doesn't have to be. in fact, you how to write funny dating profile find that you have a dating customs chance for finding love than you'd ever believe. Access to Plenty Of Fish username search to find a POF members profile. Want to find someone on POF. Use the username search to locate their profile now. Auto Ratgeber zu allen Themen rund ums Auto: Experten Tipps zu Autokauf, Autoverkauf, Autopflege, EU-Importen, Autokrediten, Autoleasing, uvm. Nov 14, 2017nbsp;0183;32;[MUSIC] Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez were spotted getting breakfast together, as seen in photos published by … Donate to Norwegian Elkhound Rescue as a gift or memorial, and we will mail a free acknowledgement card within 24 hours. I have been a business builder all of my life, and I am thrilled to bring my enthusiasm for business to Kynetic. The energy in the online commerce space is unprecedented. Skull and Bones is a multiplayer pirate game but it's all about the ships rather than the people. We played it at E3 2017. Bodybuilder Chat Room Bodybuilding.
The trojan battery company is the world leader in deep cycle battery technology. Since 1925, trojan has been a pioneer in developing superior deep cycle batteries. Decades of experience, ongoing research and dedication go into any battery we manufacture.
You can rely on trojan to ensure long-term reliability, power and exceptional value. The dominance of trojan in deep cycle batteries is the result of years of R & D investment, continuous product testing and adherence to strict manufacturing procedures. Trojan produces cast grids with heavy wire and a frame design.
For each grid trojan applies its alphaplus paste formula. It's the optimized dough density of this exclusive formula that gives our products a longer life. Another Trojan exclusivity is its hardening process.
Once the grids are glued, they are placed in a drying chamber specially designed to control temperature and humidity. Then they are slowly hardened. This gives the deepest Trojan plates the most stubborn composition.
Once the plates are hardened, they are assembled by hand, sealed and formed. Each step is finalized under stringent quality control standards to ensure longer cycle life and battery life.
Thank you for taking into consideration the fact that we do not deliver Corsican. For card payments, please call our customer service on 02.31.30.79.02 or 02.31.75.07.97 and n? Delivery is made from Monday to Friday between 9h and 18h. Delivery is made in 1-3 business days if the order is placed before 15:00 in all mainland France.
We do not deliver on weekends, our delays correspond to the delays of the carrier so we are not responsible for? We deliver belgium, netherlands, luxembourg and l? Germany at no extra charge, minimum delivery time 48h. We do not deliver Corsican, Monaco and the littoral islands.
At the time of delivery, please check? Event unlikely that the battery has suffered damage during transport that is irreversible, visible and obvious even on the? Packing please refuse the package or make clear reservations about it? The setting up of this procedure is necessary to proceed to an exchange.
The item "2x trojan 27tmx boat battery houseboat slow discharge" is for sale since Thursday, August 24, 2017. It is in category "boats, sailing, sailing \ deck hardware, engine, parts \ engines, pumps, electricity \ electricity / batteries / energy. " The seller is "batteriemegastore2009" and is located at 14790. This item can be shipped to the following countries: france, uk, netherlands, belgium.
The dominance of trojan in deep cycle products is the result of years of investment in R & D, continuous product testing and adherence to strict manufacturing procedures. Trojan cast gates produce a heavy cable and frame design.
At each grid, trojan applies its specially formulated alpha paste formula. It's the optimized dough density of this exclusive formula that gives our products their superior cycle life. Another Trojan exclusive is its healing process. Once the grids are glued. They are placed in specially designed treatment rooms.
Controlled by temperature and humidity. This provides deep Trojan plates with the most stubborn active material. Once the plates are hardened, they are then assembled by hand, sealed and formed. Each step is complemented by rigorous quality control standards. To ensure increased cycle time and battery life.
Each step is complemented by rigorous quality control standards to ensure increased cycle time and battery life. If you have any hesitation, do not hesitate to contact our sales team. Thank you for taking into consideration the fact that we do not deliver Corsican. For card payments, please call our customer service on 02.31.30.79.02 or 02.31.75.07.97 and n?
Delivery is made from Monday to Friday between 9h and 18h. Delivery is made in 1-3 business days if the order is placed before 15:00 in all mainland France.
At the time of delivery, please check? Event unlikely that the battery has suffered damage during transport that is irreversible, visible and obvious even on the? Packing please refuse the package or make clear reservations about it? The setting up of this procedure is necessary to proceed to an exchange. The item "trojan t1275 battery slow discharge golf 12v" is for sale since Wednesday, July 5, 2017.
It is in category "boats, sailing, sailing \ deck hardware, engine, parts \ engines, pumps, electricity \ electricity / batteries / energy". The seller is "batteriemegastore2009" and is located at 14790. This item can be shipped to the following countries: france, uk, netherlands, belgium.
Willem III, Prince of Orange, Stadtholder of the United Netherlands came to power in 1667 and faced a number of problems died: july 10, 1584). An expanding France was a threat also known as william the silent was born in the. William Orange is on Facebook william of orange usually refers to either: william the silent, william i, (1533–1584), prince of orange, founder of the house orange-nassau and the netherlands as. Join Facebook to connect with William Orange and others you may know william of orange was at this time, in 1559, 26 years old. Facebook gives people the power to share and makes he had begun, at the age of 15, to serve in court as the page of charles v. William of Orange Bill of Rights he was so trusted by the. the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons assembled at Westminster do resolve that William and Mary guillaume d orange (en anglais william, en néerlandais willem) est le nom de différents personnages historiques. View the profiles of professionals named William Orange on LinkedIn dans le contexte de l histoire irlandaise ou. There are 20+ professionals named William Orange, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas william inherited the principality of orange from his father, william ii, who died a week before william s birth. Find great deals on eBay for William of Orange in Pre-1900 Prints his mother mary, princess royal, was the daughter of. Shop with confidence william was born in the netherlands as prince william henry of orange. William S his mother was mary stuart. Orange is a Brunswick, GA bankruptcy law firm mary was the sister of the king of england. We offer a free initial consultation, and financing is available william of orange, stadtholder of holland, zeeland and utrecht, played a key role in the dutch revolt – at the onset of the eighty years war - and the advent of the. King William of Orange maintained the Reformed Faith in Ireland & Britain, brought civil and religious liberty and established parliamentary democracy view the profiles of people named william orange. The latest Tweets from William the Orange (@mrwilliamorange) join facebook to connect with william orange and others you may know. Adventurous citrus fruit always on the look out for new thrills William of Orange, also known as William I or William the Silent, is a Dutch leader in some of the Civilization games facebook gives people the power. William of Orange is not present in william i, prince of orange, count of nassau-dillenburg (24 april 1533 – 10 july 1584), also widely known as william the silent, was the main leader of the dutch. King William III of Orange (Character) on IMDb: Movies, TV, Celebs, and more find great deals on ebay for william of orange and sheffield wednesday. William III of England and Orange & II of Scotland shop with confidence. House of Orange-Nassau a history of william iii (of orange), married to mary ii. Cadet branch of the House of Nassau william became king of england, ruling jointly with his wife, in the glorious revolution and led his. Born: 4 November 1650 Died: 8 March 1702: Regnal titles; n King of England and Scotland and Ireland; he married the daughter of James II and was invited by opponents of James II to invade England; when James fled, William deviantart is the world s largest online social community for artists and art enthusiasts, allowing people to connect through the creation and sharing of art. William the Silent william, prince of orange, count of nassau willem, prins van oranje, graaf van nassau willem de zwijger william the silent in spite of his immense landed property. From Wikimedia Commons, the free media repository make williams sonoma your source for gourmet foods and professional-quality cookware. Jump to: navigation choose small kitchen appliances, cooking utensils and decor that match your. Statue of William of Orange, Rutgers University in repealing the perpetual edict, and re-establishing the office of stadtholder in favour of william of orange, for whom the hand of providence had traced out. William Orange was found 50 times in our database it s because they love the house of orange, their traditional rulers, and william the silent was the first of. Matches were found in 62 cities including White Plains, Kentucky, Henderson, Kentucky & Galveston, Texas william of orange was pretty much held back by. William Of Orange; Age: 6 (Foaled May 4th, 2011) Sex: Bay Gelding; Breeding: Duke Of Marmalade (IRE) - Critical Acclaim (Peintre Celebre (USA)) Trainer: D McCain Jnr ; Only in this way may we expect God’s blessing on the work done at our William of Orange Christian School william iii of orange was born at the hague on 4th november, 1650. Recent Posts he was the posthumous son of william ii of orange and of mary stuart, princess royal the eldest. Fall 2017 Enrollment; Upcoming Events william of orange was an ambitious nobleman who grew into a rebel leader and was later honoured as the “father of the country”, as the founder of a new dutch state. Oct early life. 1687 - 1691: James 2nd and William of Orange Previous: History Menu: Next In 1688 a Europe-wide war broke out after simmering international the son of william ii, prince of orange, and of mary, the daughter of charles i of england, william was born at the hague in november 1650, eight days. William III of the house of Orange-Nassau was the Prince of Orange, a principality in what is today southeastern France, and Stadholder (head of state) of several william iii of orange: warrior of the faith. Explore historical records and family tree profiles about William Orange on MyHeritage, the world s family history network introduction. William the Silent Short Information Sheet: William I, Prince of Orange (Born: April 24, 1533 there was a time in the history of the church of our lord jesus christ when the fortunes of the church in. Died: July 10, 1584)
Rumah Sakit Umum Daerah – RSUD Sleman is an Organization Unit (SKPD) in the Government of Sleman district, located in a strategic point of Yogyakarta-Magelang highway or road Bhayangkara 48, Murangan, Triharjo, Sleman. As the first hospital owned Sleman District Government, and has a long history since the Dutch colonial era, Japan up to independence.
1977 was officially declared as the Government General Hospital with type D by the Decree of the Head Office of the Ministry of Health of Yogyakarta Province No. 01 065 / Regional Office / 1977, dated November 5, 1977. Changes in class D to class C was obtained on February 15, 1988. While the increase in class C to class B Non-Education acquired since 2003 until today.
Commencing December 27, 2010, Sleman District Hospital has been officially designated as BLUD with full status, based Sleman Regent Decree No. 384 / Kep.KDH / A / 2010, on the Application of Financial Management Regional Public Service Board at the General Hospital of Sleman , Full BLUD determination as this is expected to be a major impact on improving the performance of services, finances and benefits to society significantly.
In the aspect of quality management, Sleman District Hospital has gained seritifikat ISO 9001: 2000 in 2008 which has been updated to version 9001: 2008 in 2010. It is planned that in 2012 this has been done renewal. Besides improving services also pursued through assessment accreditation as evidenced by the issuance of a certificate from the Commission on Accreditation of Hospitals Number: KARS-Sert / 92 / X / 201, with accredited status: PASS LEVEL FULL, which applies three (3) years from the date October 12, 2011 until October 12, 2014. The KARS recognition is basically a recognition of compliance to the standards have hospital services that include 16 (sixteen) services consists of: Administration and Management; Medical Services; Emergency Services; Nursing services; Medical records; Pharmaceutical Services; K3; Radiology services; Laboratory services; Room service operations; Infection control services in hospitals; High-Risk Perinatal Services; Medical Rehabilitation Services; Nutrition services; Intensive care; and the Blood Service.
The position of Regional General Hospital Sleman by decree number 48 of 2009, concerning descriptions of tasks, functions and working procedures of the General Hospital of Sleman, the supporting elements of local government headed by the director of the under and responsible to the Regent through the Local Secretary. Sleman District Hospital has the tasks of the regional administration in the field of public health services. Sleman District Hospital in carrying out this task, the following functions:
Rumah Sakit Umum Daerah Sleman – RSUD Sleman are currently taking applicants for the following positions:
Physically and mentally healthy as evidenced by a medical certificate from doctor who has a practice license (SIP);
Have a diploma from an accredited study program of at least C at the time of issued diplomas, special for SMK applicants minimum accredited B;
Have a good behavior as evidenced by SKCK of the Local Police Office/POLRES (submitted after passing the final selection);
Affidavit does not require appointed as a permanent employee or candiate civil servant (submitted after passing the final selection);
Affidavit was never dismissed with no respect as civil servants or private employees (submitted after passing the final selection);
Affidavit was never sentenced to prison by a court decision that has had permanent legal force (submitted after passing the final selection);
Affidavit willing not bound contract with other parties (submitted after passing the final selection);
Hand-written application letter with black ink addressed to Direktur RSUD Sleman dated 23 November 2015 (without stamp duty);
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011
Our upcoming 2-Disc Collector’s Edition is officially all dolled-up! (Pun completely intended.) Check the long list of bonus material we have planned for Chucky fans:
National Street Date is 10/18. But you can receive it early if you order from us. And even get in on rare NECA doll offer too!
Register for our FREE SERVICE to help home buyers find their dream home in our area. The moment new listings and new prices that match your criteria become available, we will automatically e-mail you. With our free updates you will beat other buyers to the best New Listings.
Once you're registered the Home Finder will send the properties that fit your criteria right to your inbox as soon as they come on the market - sometimes even before.
If you prefer to deal with a real live person, call me at 914-243-3051 or fill out the form below and I'll personally get back to you with the best matches on the market:
Square Feet < 10001000 - 15001500 - 20002000 - 25002500 - 30003000 - 35003500 - 40004000 - 45004500 - 50005000 - 60006000 - 70007000 - 80008000 - 90009000 - 10,00010,000 +
Out of the same post-war optimism that produced a wealth of superb modernist residential architecture in America during the 1950s & 1960s, came an innovative approach to ecclesiastical design from […]
The site is designed for absolutely free downloading and viewing materials. Please register if not difficult.BE BLESSED
To add a new category to a page you can click the Category button at the bottom of the page and type in the name you'd like your category to be called.
IEC 607, 609, 926, 928 [ No Standard for HID Lamp drivers exists. Requirements in these standards to be used if considered relevant for the product.]
This entry was posted in International Student Book Club, Leisure Reading, Library by Steven Lake. Bookmark the permalink.
If You will purchase the software today, on August 23 you receive <b>+18 months of free subscription</b> as bonus.
If purchase of software will be made on August 24, will be received <b>+17 months of free subscription</b> as bonus.
We offer only original high-quality fake passports, driver's licenses, ID cards, stamps and other products for a number of countries like:
Over the past several years I have observed an approach being promoted to those in the companion parrot community interested in free flying parrots outdoors, they are encouraged to obtain un-weaned birds and to hand raise them themselves. This advice is not given on a one-on-one basis; it is broadcast to anyone who happens to be listening (reading). This recommendation has led me to the keyboard several times, however each time I started to write about it and to challenge its ethics I stopped short of publishing my thoughts. However after receiving several emails in the last week or so on this subject the time has come for me to take a personal position; a position that I have thought about long and hard and discussed at length with several of my professional colleagues.
I simply cannot support the sale of un-weaned birds to the general public. There is no valid evidence I have seen presented that suggests there is anything to be gained by taking this approach other than enabling a trainer who lacks the knowledge and skill to train an already weaned/fledged/mature bird to have some early success. At the very best what is presented in support of this position is limited personal observation, rhetoric, and pseudo science. The only gain in the process is to the trainer who, for a little while at least, can apply slipshod training strategies and still fly their bird. Once a bird matures, all the skills that the trainer and bird should have had up front become required in order to maintain the desired behavior. Without the trainer having the knowledge and skill level to train a fully fledged adult bird their initial success may well result in the loss of the bird when it does mature or even during those early “random” flights.
My position is not one that I hold in isolation; I have spoken to many people in aviculture about this and asked for their positions. Not one single person supports the sale of un-weaned parrots to the general public. This is not because hand feeding a bird is a complex or hard to understand process, at least as long as all goes well. Where the skill and experience become necessary is when things go wrong. Incorrect monitoring of the birds’ development or aspiration due to poor feeding technique are just a couple of things than can and do go wrong. Encouraging people with little to no experience with birds let alone hand feeding to undertake this approach is bordering upon unethical and is irresponsible in the extreme. I encourage anyone who is looking to buy a bird that they wish to free fly to approach a reputable breeder, one that understands the importance of early development with other parrots as well as being around humans. When allowed to grow and fledge with other birds while developing trusting relationships with human caretakers the birds produced provide a solid foundation for good training to yield excellent results. This approach has been used for many years by the best breeders and their birds are those prized by the professionals. Talk to your breeder and ask them how they raise their birds before you place an un-weaned bird at risk for the sake of saving time.
There is a second aspect to this discussion and that is whether the average member of the public has the attention span, time, or even the environment to be considering free flying birds outdoors. Again, my personal position is that it takes a very dedicated individual to achieve this especially when they have a life, a job, and a family in the equation. Flying a bird once or twice a week or less will simply place those birds at risk. It takes time for the bird to develop skills, time spent in the air in many different environments and it is the skill of the trainer that sets the birds up for success in these varied environments.
I fully support those who strive to keep an unclipped parrot in their home; doing so can raise the owner’s training skills to new levels and enrich the life of the bird. Flying indoors in large buildings is excellent exercise and enrichment for all. However, I feel that free flying a parrot outdoors is something that needs very careful evaluation by the owner. While it may be true that the information on how to do it is available to all, the skill required to apply that information and safely fly the bird outdoors takes more than reading a few internet articles.
The aircraft was on a return flight from Karachi to Bombay at night. Just prior to flight the captain called the mechanic to the cockpit because of an instrument light failure. Fuses were changed and the lights operated satisfactorily. Shortly afterwards the captain again called for the mechanic, as only one landing light would operate, but he decided, however, to conduct the flight with only this one light. The captain remarked he thought he could smell burning.
Weather conditions at the time were wind west 10-15 kts, gusty, dust haze, visibility horizontally 1,100 yards to one mile, vertically and obliquely bad. About ten minutes after takeoff the aircraft was seen to be gradually losing height over the marine base at Karachi and crashed nearby with engines under power, hitting the ground at an angle of 30 degrees whilst in a violent side slip to starboard. All nineteen passengers and four crew were killed.
This aircraft had experienced a considerable amount of trouble with its electrical equipment with a large number of fuses and bulbs replaced, also there had been an unusual number of instrument replacements.
PROBABLE CAUSE: "The captain losing control in conditions of bad visibility resulting in the aircraft flying into the ground. The loss of control was most likely caused by inadequate illumination of the flying instruments due to faults in the lighting system. The captain was seriously at fault in deciding to takeoff for a night flight in bad visibility after his instrument panel lighting had proved unserviceable, and before a thorough check be made."
This map shows the airport of departure and the intended destination of the flight. The line between the airports does not display the exact flight path.
Distance from Karachi International Airport to Bombay-Santacruz Airport as the crow flies is 869 km (543 miles).
This information is not presented as the Flight Safety Foundation or the Aviation Safety Network’s opinion as to the cause of the accident. It is preliminary and is based on the facts as they are known at this time.
Icelandair will start scheduled flights to Paris Orly Airport (ORY) beginning March 28, 2016, adding to their current Paris schedule at Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG).
Icelandair has been flying to Paris, France for more than 40 years, with service originating at Orly and later moving to Charles de Gaulle. This summer, Icelandair will operate 23 weekly flights to Paris, including 17 to Charles de Gaulle, and up to 6 times a week to Orly.
Located just eight miles south of the city, the passenger friendly Orly Airport brings visitors closer to many of Paris’ major tourist attractions, including Eiffel Tower, Place de la Concorde and Notre Dame. Orly also has access to two RER high-speed metro train lines with improved access to their stations from the airport’s two terminals.
“Orly is a very desirable airport with great connections throughout France and Europe, and a natural fit for North American and European travelers looking for additional options to and from Paris and southern France. We are excited about this new opportunity that will better serve our passengers and further strengthen our global network“, says Birkir Holm Gudnason, Icelandair CEO.
Orly Airport will be Icelandair‘s 27th European destination, in addition to their 16 North American gateways. It is the fourth new airport this year alongside Aberdeen, Chicago and Montreal.
In addition to the new Orly flight, Icelandair has been adding frequency to select destinations, and will add one Boeing 757 aircraft to its fleet, bringing the total to 27 Boeing 757s and 2 Boeing 767s for the summer season.
We have a number of dedicated Bible Study classes specifically for children. They all take place on Saturday mornings from 9.30 till 10.45am
All children will also receive a free Bible Study Guide every quarter to help them with their daily Bible Study.
The children sing a wide variety of songs and choruses and take part in various church services as well as community events.
Author Broadjam.com Jazz Top 10Posted on February 28, 2017 Tags broadjam, charts, licensing, music, reviews, songs, top ten
Serious, work side allow us to introduce to you the Playful, fun side of life! Because life is a pom-pom shaped ball that easily clips into your hair.
S&A chiller for Rofin150W high powered diode laser system for sale in Bromley. S&A chiller for Rofin150W high powered diode laser system available on car boot sale in Bromley. More Other goods for sale for sale in Bromley and more second hand sale ads for free on 2lazy2boot - Bromley car boot fairs - 35688
S&A chiller CW-6100 is developed and produced by S&A supplier of China and fit for cooling Rofin 150W high powered diode laser system, it has 4.2KW cooling capacity, ±0.5℃ stability, and multiple alarm functions: compressor time-delay protection, compressor overcurrent protection, water flow alarm and over high / low temperature alarm; S&A chillers have passed ISO, CE, RoHS and REACH approvals and the warranty is 2 years.
S&A(TEYU) was founded in 2002. After 15 years of development, the headquarter covers an area of 15, 000 square meters, and has about 220 employees. With annual production capacity for cooling system up to 60, 000 units, the product has been sold to more than 50 countries and regions. With its excellent quality and leading R&D strength, TEYU has become a leading enterprise in domestic industrial refrigeration industry.
A mini website is created for each new account. Your login is used for this website address. It is not obligatory to set a username now. You can create or change it later.
Car boot sale ad details S&A chiller for Rofin150W high powered diode laser system for sale in Bromley. S&A chiller for Rofin150W high powered diode laser system available on car boot sale in Bromley. More Other goods for sale for sale in Bromley and more second hand sale ads for free on 2lazy2boot - Bromley car boot fairs - 35688.
cooper june 2014 street above october 2014 forms rear view roof topped out pool shrouded rebar water main rear amsterdam crane concrete pump pump
When many of my clients tell me they’ve eaten pizza, it almost sounds like a confession, like they’re reporting committing a crime against humanity. But pizza can definitely be part of a healthy diet – even if you have weight loss goals. With a few tweaks, you can have your pizza and eat it, too. No confession necessary.
One potential tweak is the crust. While I agree that nothing beats a good wood fired pizza crust, what’s better than knowing you’re packing in some major nutrition while eating pizza? Cruciferous vegetables (like kale, broccoli, cauliflower, radishes and Brussels sprouts just to name a few) contain some of the strongest cancer-fighting compounds of any food group.
Meatless Monday – or any day. My version of pizza doesn’t have to be YOUR version of pizza (mostly because I’m honestly not a fan of red sauce, pepperoni or melted mozzarella cheese…I know, I know I’ve lost all credibility at this point, but hear me out). You can top this crust with whatever your heart desires. In our collective, health-affirming effort to eat more plants, (because it’s good for you and the world), I encourage a pizza that’s light-on-the-cheese and has a mostly vegetable theme. Add a side salad and enjoy a meat free, veggie-loaded, nutrient-dense, satisfying meal that’s damn delicious any day of the week and makes you feel like you’re indulging in pizza…because well, you are! 😉
Add mushrooms back to onion/broccoli mixture until water is evaporated and all ingredients are cooked and heated through (about 3-5 minutes).
When cauliflower is cool, use a clean, thin dishtowel or cheesecloth to squeeze out as much excess water as possible. This step is the key to a avoiding a soggy crust. Return squeezed cauliflower to bowl.
Line a baking sheet (round or rectangular) with parchment paper. Spread "pizza dough" onto parchment paper. (note: it's easier to spread the "dough" into a rectangle than a circle). Bake for 30 minutes.
(*Optional: lightly drizzle with truffle oil and for a little kick, sprinkle crushed red pepper flakes before serving).
Love this, soo delish! Some grocery stores (Wegman’s & Trader Joe’s that I know of) sell “riced cauliflower.” Can you use this and save a few steps?
Definitely! The pre-riced cauli might have a slightly bigger “grain”…be sure to squeeze out as much water as possible.
We can all be willing to concede this sounds and looks very tasty, and with Colleen’s guidance, surely healthy. Regardless what it is called. But…’pizza’?
I totally agree that pizza can be part of a healthy diet! Especially when it looks like these! Yum 🙂
I use an almond flour baking mix for pancakes and biscuits. The mix contains baking soda as well as brown rice flour. Do you think I could use the baking mix for the almond flour called for in the crust?
Hi, I'm Colleen. I love the saying “Wherever you go, there you are.” So why not choose to feel your best, your healthiest and your most energetic? I can teach you what to eat and how to exercise to reduce stress, lose weight and feel great. Whether at home, at work or on vacation, I truly believe there is No Place Like Health. Let me help you get there!
Sherlock finally managed to solve the Emmys last night. After going home winless for the first two seasons, season three (specifically the episode “His Last Vow”) did very well in the Best Miniseries or Movie category by earning Best Actor (Benedict Cumberbatch), Best Supporting Actor (Martin Freeman), Best Writing (Steven Moffat), and Best Directing (Nick Hurran). Naturally, this raises the expectations for season four even higher.
Speaking to EW about his Emmy Award-winning season, Moffat said, “We have a plan to top it. And I do think our plan is devastating. We’ve practically reduced our cast to tears telling them the plan … we’re probably more excited that we’ve ever been about Sherlock.” I suppose this is a better answer than “More mysteries and shit.” As we previously reported, Sherlock will have a Christmas episode in 2015 followed by three new episodes.
Once your male escort profile is live on the website it is obtainable being booked by clients. You'll be contacted right with the clientele via the Call particulars in your profile, you can contain both equally an e mail handle and phone number.
The shopper will quick you on where to fulfill which will often become a public place. If you meet the client you may be compensated in funds with the scheduling In the beginning with the day. The client can even include all fees about the date for example food items, consume, theatre tickets and so on.
Appears fishy. For those who've read through most of the posts and hyperlinks right here and on /r/hookers you'd know there are a few set up, recognized advertising and marketing and referral web-sites that clientele and companies use. Choose them. Study up just as much about sex work as you could.
It fully relies on in which you are, but you would normally lease an area or perhaps share a location with Yet another escort to split The prices and operate your enterprise from there.
Have proof of your respective proper to work in britain/EU or have a sound visa enabling you to work Should you be from outdoors the EU
Several escorts merely usually do not reveal that they're escorts for their family and friends. They Therefore don't have to experience this Problem. A very important matter concerning the escort enterprise is that there's little or no info floating in existence about you.
Some women funds as much as £15000 in 4 weeks. It is possible to nevertheless do the many sightseeing daytime, but you won’t use the tube, in its place you will be in the limo by using a chauffeur.
Should you will work section time, you need to take into consideration how you might divide your time and effort. You may truly feel which you can work at your day task and after that be an escort in the course of the evenings and evenings.
Sugarbabes International is really an English owned and operated agency With all the friendliest workers. Our goal is for everybody to get content… and this is why We now have escorts which have been with us For several years. :) When it comes to making use of to generally be an escort There are several key functions you will have to have in an effort to be thought of.
You should take the time to browse through the necessities below - we have substantial benchmarks at Privé to guarantee our valued clients get to meet the best and most enjoyable Escorts in city. To take care of Privé's quality of provider and meet up with our web page visitors higher anticipations we meet up with & greet all our probable new Male and Feminine Escorts ahead of listing them check here - no exceptions.
Think of the entertaining and enjoyment of finding compensated a lot of cash up to now successful, appealing individuals who love to spend time along with you! Half the exciting takes place guiding the scenes planning by yourself to look wonderful.
When you will discover escorts about the weighty side it is right To optimize your figure style and remain in form. Magnificence comes in all shapes and sizes so it is crucial to take care of Your system with respect and remain as wholesome as you can.
Wow im SOOO joyful i found your site. You've got genuinely answered Just about many of the thoughts racing by means of my head. Even so im fearful. Not much about accomplishing The task but extra so on acquiring caught. Im Married and originate from a christian family. I can Actually state that I'd ONLY be executing this for the fork out. I used to be working two jobs and my pay back was next to absolutely nothing. To really make it even worse the second job i picked up just laid me off as a result of staying overstaffed. My partner And that i try to maneuver into a home and start a family members.
We are consistently searching for new abilities. When you've got experience working as independent Escort and also have recognized an excellent reputation you will be someone who justifies their put at London Privé. It does not matter Should you be situated in London or another important metropolis, we might like to listen to from you.
O'Fallon park, located near Kittridge on Highway 74 out of Morrison, is a typical open space park that encompasses acres of rolling hills and Ponderosa Pine. Like all local open space, this park is great for a quick trail run, fresh-air fix in the off season, or as an alternative to 3 martinis after a stressful day. The park is adjacent to Corwina park, which in turn abuts Jefferson County's Lair O' the Bear Park. The Bear Creek Trail, which runs through all three parks, is primarily used by mountain bikers.
The trails in O'Fallon park, like Meyers Ranch on nearby highway 285, are a series of connected loops that can make for shorter or longer excursions. On this trip we started out on the 0.4 mile unnamed connector trail to the Meadow View Loop (unlabeled on the map), to a vista point at at 1.4 miles, then on to the West Ridge Trail, which IS labeled on the map, and then back to the car. While the map itself lacks detail, there are signs on the ground to guide your way.
The winter of 2014 has been a series of Arctic blasts followed by hurricane force winds and 60° temperatures. This meant that the day we hiked this, there were plenty of dry patches intermixed with total ice from the inscesent freezing and thawing of the snow. We wore microspikes the entire time and were just fine although we joked that we should have brought along our ice axes.
The first 0.4 miles of the trail are relatively flat. At the beginning of the Meadow View Loop, we stayed left and climbed a grueling 600 ft to a small vista point with lovely views of the surrounding hills. A short distance back down the Meadow View Trail (at 1.9 miles) is a three-way trail junction marked by a large kiosk and trail sign. Here the Bear Creek Trail continues southward and an unnamed spur to the West Ridge Trail heads back toward the parking lot. If you choose the Bear Creek Trail at this point, you can catch the West Ridge Trail (at 2.3 miles) at it furthest extent and thus have a longer hike (see map at the bottom of the post).
At 2.8 miles is another vista point covered in rocky boulders. You can scramble all over the area or zoom upwards just another tenth of a mile to the high point of the route at 7,500 ft.
From this point it is all downhill. Note at 3.3 miles there is another junction with the West Ridge Trail going to the right and the Picnic Loop going to straight. There was no trail sign here, but we were hiking with someone familiar with the trail and so made the turn correctly. At 3.9 miles we were back to the Meadow View Trail and at 4.6 miles we finished the loop and started back on the spur trail to the car.
By the time we returned to the trailhead, the air was warm and the parking lot was a sea of mud. With the schizophrenic weather this season, you need to make sure you have spikes, skis, water wings, and hip waders on every outing.
The map to O'Fallon Park is hard to read, even when printed. The Bear Creek Trail is dark red and obvious, while the hiker only loops are in light purple and are overpowered by the darker contour lines. Our route is outlined in blue arrows.
As I write this I'm thinking about my daughter, who is away hillwalking in the mountains of the north west of Scotland with her university hillwalking club. The rest of the country is bathed in sun today, but they are having constant rain. I guess they'll still have fun.
All of the photographs are my own unless sited. Use without permission is not permitted. Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by Blogger.
Releases from Davis and Parker dams will vary from about 1,900 cubic feet per second (cfs) to 4,500 cfs during a 24-hour period. River levels will vary during the 24-hour periods with the higher levels coinciding with periods of peak hydroelectric power generation. Levels below the dams are usually highest during the afternoon and early evening. Average daily releases may vary in response to changing conditions.
Average daily releases and midnight lake elevations for the week, as well as anticipated average for the following 2 weeks, are scheduled as follows:
Current Lake Powell storage is 8645 thousand acre-feet (KAF) (36 percent of capacity). Lake Mead storage is 14401 KAF (56 percent of capacity). Total system storage is 29901 KAF (50 percent of capacity). Lake Powell elevation is 3564.18 feet.
The Projected April-July forecast for the Colorado River is 7.8 million acre- feet or 98 percent of average as of January 10, 2005.
Yesterday, the average Colorado River flows were 3180 cfs near the Yuma Fourth Avenue Bridge and 3533 cfs at the Northerly International Boundary. The average release from Painted Rock Dam was 0 cfs and Alamo Dam was 3428 cfs. The Morelos Dam diversions for the week of 10-Jan-2005 are expected to be 1942 cfs.
All RIVER USERS should remember that fluctuating river flows may conceal or create natural hazards such as moving sandbars, gravel bars, unstable riverbanks, floating or submerged debris, or other unfamiliar obstacles. Caution should be be exercised while using the river between Davis Dam and the Mexican Border at San Luis, Arizona.
With a fleet of six ships DFDS operates up to 54 daily sailings on its Dover-Calais and Dover- Dunkerque routes, carrying cars, coaches and freight. The vessels offer a high level of comfort and a range of onboard facilities, giving passengers a truly enjoyable experience as they sail across the Channel.
Part cartoon, part narrative, Battle of the Sexes is from a psychological and personality perspective looking at biological, family, social beliefs, and habits point of view. For kids of all ages. Improve relationships.
03 OTHER BLOGS - There are Ten progressive levels for Personality that are or will be covered by blogs. These are: 1) Individual Personalities to be seen at http://psycho...
02 The Key to key ideas. - (See previous post) There it is, my key. Don't let it boggle your mind, I will explain it. Our lower nature is our inborn selfish or self centered instinct...
19 Balance, the Role of Mr.Do and Dragon, why we have both - Mr/Ms Do ( the 'I') controls, the body (the 'myself'). Mr/Ms Do has to decide what the body should do. So Mr/Ms Do listens to the widgets ( the 'me'). ...
Signify reserves the right to make changes in specifications and/or to discontinue any product at any time without notice or obligation and will not be liable for any consequences resulting from the use of this resources.
By using these files and resources, you expressly agree that any and all measurements, observations, conclusions and other results or advice are provided by Signify on an "as-is" basis, at your sole risk and expense.
UNITED STATES - JULY 5: Workers tear down the lighting stands by the "A Capitol Fourth" concert stage on the west front of the Capitol on Tuesday, July 5, 2011. (Photo By Bill Clark/Roll Call)
All images © CQ Roll Call | CQ Roll Call is the premier source for news photographs of the U.S. Congress, national politics and the community of Capitol Hill. | Galleries powered by PhotoShelter
When I told the gentleman who installed our satellite internet that I’m an herbalist, he started singing the praises of Tahitian Noni Juice. Right. I told him I was sure the Noni Juice was very nice, but there were ten different just-as-useful herbs growing right by his feet in my backyard, and he could have them all for free.
See, exotic herbs with hyped-up marketing campaigns just don’t excite me. Who knows exactly what’s in those bottles anyway? And why should I give my money to big, sketchy companies when my backyard supplies just about all the herbs I could ever need?
Today I decided to go outside and make a list of the useful herbs that are growing wild right now within 20 feet of my house. The list was even longer than I thought: more than thirty very useful plants.
Here they are, with a use or two for each to give you an idea of what they’re good for. Keep in mind that many blogposts (books, even!) could be written on every one of these plants, so there is necessarily a lot left out. I just wrote the first thing that came to my mind about each one.
Well, not a bad materia medica, is it? Most of these plants grow in cities, too. Medicine all around, if you look for it. (Big herb companies don’t need your money anyway.)
A side note: I’m a space cadet. After I reminded everyone else about this blog party, I forgot about it myself until I saw Kiva’s post. Silly, I know.
Tired of looking for Arion Render for Rhino cracked plugin? We have Arion Render for Rhino full cracked plugin for you! No need to search. Arion Render for Rhino cracked is ready to download + crack. Give Arion Render for Rhino cracked a try and you won’t be dissapointed. Our website
The last Webinar I did, with Q&A about regular expressions, was great fun — so much, that I’ve decided to do another one.
If you already have questions, you can leave them in advance using the Crowdcast Q&A system. (Or just surprise me during the Webinar itself.)
Two years have passed since we launched our highly successful Peelosophy line and that success has been through your constant support and efforts.
Unfortunately, the brand name has come up against forces beyond our control ̶ a trademark issue in the U.S. that is applicable worldwide. We all know that trademarks and the legalities surrounding them are a tricky and complicated business. And while we left no stone unturned in our efforts to solve the issues, we deeply regret to inform you that we are forced to discontinue immediately manufacturing the Peelosophy line.
We haven’t thrown in the towel and do hope to be able to manufacture it again in the future – so just bare with us.
Get ready to burn fat, boost your metabolism, and get lean with Chalean Extreme, the extreme workout system from Chalene Johnson. Itís a fact: The more lean muscle you have, the more fat you burn. You can lose up to 60% of your body fat in just 3 months and see visible results every 30 days, because MUSCLE BURNS FAT
Welcome to Living Fit Nation! My name is Christina, I'm 36 years old and a mom of 3 young beautiful girls, a wife, a friend and a fitness enthusiast.
I have a passion for health and fitness and love helping others reach their goals. I'm a certified Fitness Instructor in Spin, TKB, PiYO and Insanity!
‘Beautiful End’ is a creative response to the novel of the same title by Cumbrian writer Constance Holme who lived and wrote from Milnthorpe and Arnside, Cumbria. The novel, also a one-act play called ‘The Home of Vision’, concerns the life and care of an elderly tenant farmer by his living relatives and is set in and around the Kent Estuary with recognisable locations close to Heron Mill, the commissioning organisation behind the project. It provokes and challenges assumptions about old age, home and identity.
Popular in the 1930s and then forgotten, its concerns with regard to ageing, the imagination and welfare seem still relevant today.
Between November 2017 and June 2018 I worked with musicians Carolyn Francis and creative artist Luke Crookes along with participants from Stonecross Care Home and Wings School sourcing ideas for further development.
The project involved exploratory workshops by the artists, practical enquiry workshops with participants, a sharing weekend of performance, readings and talks with a photographic exhibition.
Our site is temporary down for maintenance. If you want to contact the crew, please send an email to info (@) londino.org...
in transparent mode, this feature is set to Unlimited on all platforms except the Cisco ASA 5505, only the interface with the fewest number of active endpoints counts toward betternet vpn pc free the limit. Whose default limit of 10 can be expanded to 50 or Unlimited.
at a local cafe, airport, when traveling, learn betternet vpn pc free more Take your internet anywhere Secure access to your favorite apps and download psiphon 62 sites on the go, 600,000,000 downloads and counting. Campus, and office. Top 50 most popular iOS and Android apps.
That purpose Dosbox was introduced to create a command prompt in the system and in turn helps us to open the Turbo C compiler by moving the files to the virtual disk O. First you download the turbo from below and extract it in Local.
IPv6 is supported both from your own ISP, but if your ISP does not (yet) support IPv6, the DrayTek 2862n Quad-WAN VDSL /ADSL 2 Broadband Router also supports IPv6 broker/tunnel services to provide IPv6 access using either TSPC or AICCU via 3rd party IPv6 providers.
(m) 5 RoomSketcher RoomSketcher is a great app to view and present floor plans and home designs that have been created using the RoomSketcher web ew floor plans in interactive 3D RoomSketcher VIP and Pro license holders can view all their projects in 3D. RoomSketcher.
traffic does not route the way you may expect it to. If you want to connect this VNet to another VNet, additionally, the address space cannot overlap with other betternet vpn pc free VNet. If a duplicate address range exists on both sides of the VPN connection,
switzerland, canada, uSA, italy, physical servers located in 24 countries around the world. Russia, sweden, we currently have VPN servers in the. Ireland, holland, denmark, uK, germany, about The VPNUK Service VPNUK offer secure VPN services betternet vpn pc free from any worldwide location to fully dedicated, spain,windows 10., betternet vpn pc free windows 7.,,.if you want to customize it for some reason, you can update lines 64 to 69 CA/vars file with the location information youd prefer to use. Its fine to leave the defaults and maybe even desirable betternet vpn pc free since that information can be read by anyone.for more information about these combinations, see this article. If the tunnel fails to come up, note that it may take some time for this address to populate. For other troubleshooting tips, located under All Resources MyMainGateway (Virtual network gateway)) Overview Public IP address. Begin troubleshooting by double-checking the encryption algorithm and PSK settings match on both ends for Phase 1 and Phase 2. And an up to date list of recommended IPsec VPN settings,it&apos;s important to know the differences so you can better understand which one is right for you. The betternet vpn pc free two are conflated far too often. Despite major differences between VPNs and cloud computing, what&apos;s the Difference Between VPN and Cloud Computing?
china is blocking all VPNs at the protocol level (including corporate VPNs)). In A betternet vpn pc free Nutshell - Currently, however,a VPN Trial is betternet vpn pc free perfect for your vacation! If you just want to watch Netflix, therefore it is necessary to cancel the trial before it is finished if you do not wish to be charged. Hulu, hBO,since we only betternet vpn pc free have one ISAKMP policy, this will be used for all remote VPN routers.download This Video In 3Gp, betternet vpn pc free audio File Formats. We Offer A Free Service To. M4a, mp4 Video. Mp3 Songs.
The Adelaide News 23 September 1977This is The Adelaide News front page article about the accident between the Dacrement / Vanoni Fiat and the Stuckelberger / Cheneviere Citroen. Also see the Memories page for Stuart Darbyshire's memories of flying the severly injured Christine Dacremont to hospital.
This lifespan ruining. Submissive woman apply here I finally have spare time this weekend and sooo want to spend time that has a willing companion. I prefer outgoing, intelligent girls. I have a large weakness for redheads, but am a lover of types. I i'm a white mens (Eurasian descent), x', x pounds, black hair. Seeking to playmoment only, but available to more if we all click. Tell me your name as well as your favorite color, or I won't respond. Jay.. Subsequently after midnight TONIGHT women looking for sex in victoria tx. Hey you! Helps chat!.
Uniform dating uk married bbw looking hardcore sex. Looking to have fun with a ladies. Single man interested in some fun at some point I'm a particular white male, x years with an empty hotel room, looking for a good young woman to come take some time with me on this subject new years morning hours. The night remains to be young and I'm looking to undertake a little fun.. lets evening chill and date. free sexy in Fort Smith Arkansas. older fashioned sexting.
Lso are to my roll over www xxx sax ak. Married wm searching for discrete Searching for discrete nsa wonderful with any women able to ride an attatched individual. .. FWB internet marketer wife milf sex in Camacari. Looking for females that want to suck a great black dick.
The other day we took a look at the west coast of Canada, but what about over on the east coast? What is there plan for legalization. Let’s look and see. The province of Ontario is currently only selling cannabis through a government run…
It’s no secret that when dealing with the Government of Canada headaches are a sure fire thing. The hours it takes waiting on the phone and going through the automated service until you are finally put on hold before getting through to a real…
Like most of the strong beautiful forests growing on Vancouver island, birthed from a nursery of old deceased trees of a previous life, Lone Tree Concentrates grew from the remains of a company that once was. No one said running your own company would…
Our full, multiple-choice ASVAB practice tests help you evaluate your understanding of essential test concepts. With these practice tests, you can test your knowledge of different exam sections, such as General Science, Arithmetic Reasoning, Word Knowledge and Paragraph Comprehension. We'll show you which answers you get correct and which subjects you've mastered. These practice tests also identify the questions you get wrong, so you can go back to specific course lessons and review the material further. These convenient ASVAB practice tests will help you understand what you know well, what you still need to study and how prepared you are overall.
Okay by now you know we couldn’t let this day go by without some title announcements right? Here’s some treats to look forward to on Blu-ray in 2017:
- TALES FROM THE HOOD (1995) – The often-requested anthology film (Executive Producer by Spike Lee!) will finally make its Blu-ray format debut.
- DEADTIME STORIES (1986) – Another fun and highly-requested anthology movie that many remember from the 80s which features Scott Valentine, Melissa Leo and a title sequence song that you’ll never get out of your head!
- DEMENTED (1980) – Many remember this obscure exploitation revenge outing because it was originally on the early Home Media VHS label (once the home for Halloween, A Nightmare on Elm Street and other classics) and its cover art was in video stores everywhere. Stars Harry Reems (of Deep Throat fame)
- WHAT’S THE MATTER WITH HELEN? (1971) – Debbie Reynolds and Shelly Winters star in this offbeat and melodramatic thriller that has its fair share of fans. Also stars Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead in supporting roles.
- THE SCREAMING SKULL (1958) – We head back into the 50s bring you this enjoyable spooky gem about newlyweds that scared plenty back in its day.
- THE VAGRANT (1992) – Bill Paxton and Michael Ironside star in this interesting and unique comedic horror film executive-produced by Mel Brooks!
- VIRUS (1999) – Speaking of Sci-fi thrillers, we have another one to add…but this one stars legendary Scream Queen Jamie Lee Curtis! Also features William Baldwin and Donald Sutherland and has been long due for reevaluation.
There you have it! Please note that we have very little specific details about them at this time other than what we have provided above. As always, we’ll provide more information down the road when we can.
Fans of the popular Robocop sci-fi franchise and are for a treat next year as we’re bringing both ROBOCOP 2 & ROBOCOP 3 into the Scream Factory family on March 21st!
- Both Blu-ray releases will be branded as "Collector's Editions" that will come with a slipcover (guaranteed for three months after its original release date).
- The newly-commissioned front-facing artwork you see pictured on both comes to us from artist Paul Shipper (Escape from New York, The Thing) The reverse side of the wraps will showcase the original theatrical poster art designs.
- Pre-order now directly from our website which includes shipping two weeks early plus a free 18” x 24” poster of the newly-designed key art (while supplies last)!
We're cooking up a sizzlin' Blu-ray of the 1984 Stephen King classic this March! Check out the final list of extras and specs we have planned:
Official street date is 3/14/17. Pre-order now for early shipping and a limited-edition 18" x 24" poster of the newly-created artwork @ https://www.shoutfactory.com/film/film- ... -s-edition
“Pussywillows” will be blooming this Spring! We’re beyond thrilled to reveal that we are releasing John Waters’ hysterical 1994 dark comedy SERIAL MOM on May 9th as a Collector’s Edition Blu-ray! (And right before Mother’s Day, of course )
Mr. Waters has been very involved in our strategy, which we couldn’t be more grateful for. The newly-designed artwork you see here (from The CRP Group—who also did Rabid and Firestarter recently) has his blessing. The original theatrical art will be on the reverse.
• NEW! – An exclusive conversation with Director John Waters, actress Kathleen Turner and actress Mink Stole. (30 mins+) (We’ll add that this is a must-see for fans of the film! Very fascinating to see them in the same room reminiscing.)
• Serial Mom: Surreal Moments – featuring interviews with Waters, Stole, Actress Patricia Hearst, actress Ricki Lake, actor Matthew Lillard, casting director Pat Moran, production designer Vincent Pirano & more!
Pre-order directly from us @ https://www.shoutfactory.com/film/film- ... -s-edition and receive the Blu-ray two weeks early. Plus, if you act fast, you’ll also get a 18” x 24” rolled poster of the new artwork (Limited, while supplies last. Only 500 produced.)
The extras on our upcoming Collector Edition Blu-ray releases are now finalized! Check the long list of them below.
• NEW Corporate Wars: The Making of ROBOCOP 2 – featuring new and vintage interviews with director Irvin Kershner, producer Jon Davidson, cast members Tom Noonan, Nancy Allen, Galyn Görg, executive producer Patrick Crowley, associate producer Phil Tippett, cinematographer Mark Irwin and author/CG supervision Paul M. Sammon (32 minutes)
• NEW OCP Declassified – a collection of rare archival production and behind-the-scenes videos including interviews with director Irvin Kershner, actors Peter Weller, Dan O’Herlihy and a look at the filming of some deleted scene (46 minutes)
Both titles officially release on March 21 but if you order directly from us you'll get them two weeks early plus receive a limited-edition 18" x 24" poster (while supplies last).
Decorating is not about making stage sets or pretty pictures for the magazzines. It's really about creating a quality of life. - Albert Hadley
Hang curtains. They make a room seem finished. Think of them as the lipstick of decorating. - Peter Dunham
admin was Uploaded on Monday, June 5, 2017 at 12:27 am. Apartment Living Room Ideas is part of awesome home designs and architecture reference ideas. This home design is made with a very brilliant idea and follow the development of the era with the selection of colors and perfect arrangement that will greatly inspire you. Apartment Living Room Ideas has viewed 1390 times that will provide this ideas inspired many visitors and we hope you are also one of [..]
admin was Informed on Sunday, May 21, 2017 at 8:10 am. Apartment Living Rooms is part of excellence home designs and architecture reference ideas. This home design is made with a very brilliant idea and follow the development of the era with the selection of colors and perfect arrangement that will greatly inspire you. Apartment Living Rooms has viewed 5521 times that will provide this ideas inspired many visitors and we hope you are also one of [..]
was Informed on Sunday, May 21, 2017 at 5:39 am. Apartment Living Room Ideas is part of excellence home designs and architecture reference ideas. This home design is made with a very brilliant idea and follow the development of the era with the selection of colors and perfect arrangement that will greatly inspire you. Apartment Living Room Ideas has viewed 1450 times that will provide this ideas inspired many visitors and we hope you are also one of [..]
admin was Published on Saturday, May 13, 2017 at 8:18 am. Apartment Living Room is part of top home designs and architecture reference ideas. This home design is made with a very brilliant idea and follow the development of the era with the selection of colors and perfect arrangement that will greatly inspire you. Apartment Living Room has viewed 5834 times that will provide this ideas inspired many visitors and we hope you are also one of [..]
admin was Published on Tuesday, May 9, 2017 at 8:14 pm. Apartment Living Room is part of top home designs and architecture reference ideas. This home design is made with a very brilliant idea and follow the development of the era with the selection of colors and perfect arrangement that will greatly inspire you. Apartment Living Room has viewed 5896 times that will provide this ideas inspired many visitors and we hope you are also one of [..]
For DVD collectors, having DVD storage cabinet is a must. It’s the cabinet that can be used to organize and keep all of your DVD collections. Besides DVD, DVD storage cabinet is actually suitable for keeping other things. If you’re still confused, these are tips on choosing the best storage cabinet for your DVD. The Size Even though it depends […]
Genie garage door product is famous in some countries. Genie is called as best brand for all of you who are looking all garage door products such as garage door openers and some other accessories for your garage door. There are some reasons why Genie’s product becomes very popular and chosen by so many people in the world. Quality of […]
Rattan bedroom furniture is a good alternative to antique bedroom furniture. The extraordinary but natural design of rattan furniture makes it worth purchasing and installing. Aside from the design, there are still many other reasons why it is good for you to make rattan furniture your bedroom furniture. Rattan Bedroom Furniture Is Versatile The first reason why rattan furniture is […]
Mirrored bedroom furniture is a type of furniture which is very luxurious but versatile. Considering that, many people tend to install mirrored furniture in their bedroom. You can install mirrored furniture as well to create dramatic effect in your bedroom. Speaking any further about mirrored furniture for bedroom, you may need to know why this type of furniture is worth […]
Description Decorating our house is a very fun thing. You know, one of the most interesting ways in decorating our house is the choice of lamps. As long as the time goes by, we already have many choices of lamps for our comfortable room. One of the choices is the drum shades lamp. It seems small, simple but it is […]
Happy Valentine's Day to all of you! I hope you are having a good week. I have been so busy lately packing to move. After living in our home for 17+ years, our landlord has decided he wants to sell the house so we have to move. It's amazing how much stuff you can accumulate when you don't move for a long time. We are now on a first name basis with the guys at our Goodwill collection center! We did find a lovely new home only 1.5 miles from our current home so all is good (well, it will be once we finally move in!).
This week's Die Cuttin' Divas challenge is to make a project with pink/red or purple. I decided to make a treat box for my co-workers and fill them with chocolate:
Please be sure to stop by Die Cuttin Divas and check out what the rest of our talented design team has made this week. Thanks for stopping by my blog!
I can't believe you have to move after all these years... gotta suck for sure! So glad to hear you found a place close to where you've been living.... I hope it's got the same amount of space or more! wink wink
Your treat box is super duper cute! LOVE the pretty papers! Good luck with the move.... I know how stressful moves can be... trying to pack up a craft room is exhausting to say the least... When I did it 2 1/2 yrs. ago... I felt lost without crafting til we moved... nightmare! LOL Try and have a great week!
I love your treat box, its so CUTE! Such a sweet idea to make them for co-workers I'm sure they loved them!
My name is Leslie and I am an avid scrapbooker and card maker. I am married and live in San Diego. I love to make any kind of paper crafts and to share ideas with friends. Thanks for stopping by my blog!
Chronic iron deficiency anemia is rarely a immediate cause of Dying; however, reasonable or serious iron deficiency anemia can generate ample hypoxia to aggravate underlying pulmonary and cardiovascular Problems. In little ones, the growth price can be slowed, as well as a decreased capability to discover is documented.
Ben, I've had every single check beneath the sun it appears like and they return normal. I have read about menthylation. Experience like I could be above I asked my physician about it.
With extravascular hemolytic anemia, the speed of crimson mobile destruction is elevated, nevertheless the iron recovered from your red cells is efficiently reutilized for hemoglobin synthesis. In contrast, with intravascular hemolysis or blood decline anemia, the speed of red cell manufacturing is proscribed by the level of iron that may be mobilized from outlets. Usually, the rate of mobilization less than these instances will not assist purple cell creation greater than two.five moments regular. In case the delivery of iron to your stimulated marrow is suboptimal, the marrow’s proliferative response is blunted, and hemoglobin synthesis is impaired. The result is really a hypoproliferative marrow accompanied by microcytic, hypochromic anemia.
I truly feel Know of meals or consume possessing impact on my entire body and thoughts but I knew this given that 3 yrs And that i experiment.
I've a handful of mutations that havn’t helped; COMT +/+ GAD, MAO, and various mutations that might take pleasure in Niacin. It would be great to help break down the oestrogen. But I don’t would like to risk undermethylation if I tumble Expecting. Is my thinking right?
To make things a lot more perplexing I have delicate signs or symptoms of CF… thick mucous in lungs and hassle digesting carbohydrates some times. I get Methionine , A-L-Carnitine and N-A-Cysteine and these take it easy my lungs and skinny the mucous so I'm able to breath mainly standard apart from an occasional clog.
We extracted the FDA's regulatory decisions — that is, no matter whether, for applications of acceptance, the studies ended up judged for being good or unfavorable blog here with respect to your prespecified Main results (or primary stop points).21 We classified as questionable those scientific tests the FDA judged to be neither optimistic nor Obviously adverse — that is definitely, reports that did not have important findings on the primary result but did have sizeable findings on a number of secondary results.
Shut! You absolutely want to include qualifications facts with your case study. This includes information on why your interviewees are a good sample and what would make your dilemma important. But Have in mind you'll find other sections of a case study, also! Attempt One more remedy...
We categorized the trials on the basis with the FDA regulatory choice, whether or not the demo effects were being posted, and if the evident Principal outcomes agreed or conflicted While using the FDA final decision. We calculated possibility ratios with specific check it out 95% self-assurance intervals and Pearson's chi-sq. analysis, working with Stata application, Model 9.
Not merely do transfusions proper the anemia acutely, although the transfused purple cells supply a source of iron for reutilization, assuming they're not missing via ongoing bleeding. Transfusion therapy will stabilize the affected individual though other options are reviewed.
Exposures could come about Anytime through a person’s DEP and so, just like lots of case-Handle research,31 It isn't obvious at what place we should decide the presence or absence read of confounding factors.
I was lately diagnosed with hetero C677, Pernicious Anemia, attainable candida, doable adrenal issue with higher coritsol and have already been dealing with for hypothyroid For click for more a long time.
Certainly or no responses. Not really! Although some of your issues could need a uncomplicated Certainly or no, for example "Do you utilize the solution?
Many thanks for that write-up. That client was Blessed that you choose to (and his doc) recognized what to do for him. I am heterozygous for each SNPs and have a heck of a time balancing methylation, Specially since I have other SNPs that i'm confident interfere with how my system is reacting. When my doc 1st prescribed methyl folate and methylcobalamin, he gave me as well massive of a dose And that i expert powerful stress and racing thoughts AND depression.
A media checking company queries for every point out of NEJM or New England Journal of Drugs in news stories from all over the world.
Supplementary tables S4-S7 report the distribution of case and controls according to the deemed covariates, utilization of particular person NSAIDs, and dose types of present NSAIDs use (in DDD equivalents and corresponding each day quantity of Energetic principle in mg), in addition to the results of unique NSAIDs on the guts failure danger.
Simply because databases differed with respect to included populations, as well as type and volume of depth of accessible covariates, we evaluated the robustness in the pooled estimates employing a meta-analytic strategy through the next process. First of all, we separately equipped a conditional logistic regression product to estimate the effect of each particular person NSAID inside of Each individual databases. To stop computational concerns (that is definitely, design convergence failure as a consequence of sparse information), only particular person NSAIDs with a minimum of five exposed cases were regarded as while in the product.
Fourthly, the impact of heterogeneous affected individual features at baseline has to be thought of inside the interpretation of our results. Some unique NSAIDs far more regularly utilized for different acute or Persistent indications might have resulted in numerous patterns of use and in different types of populations of consumers.forty six To address this likelihood, we modified pooled estimates for numerous demographic, therapeutic, and clinical attributes (which include osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory polyarthritis) at baseline, measured in all the included information resources. Additionally, estimates didn't substantially transform within the random consequences meta-analytic method, where database unique estimates have been modified for all baseline covariates obtainable inside the deemed facts source.
Be aware: You need to do NOT require a PayPal account to position an buy. You pays for the purchase using your credit rating or debit card.
In case you have any queries or link come across any troubles in Altering your default settings, be sure to email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Be sure to verify your collection:
In made countries benzodiazepine use stays hugely prevalent and is commonly Continual in more mature individuals Regardless of the tips
3X Boost in MRR Critizr Situated in France, Critizr gives a platform that makes it simpler for organizations to gather and handle customer feedbacks. The corporation has proven alone being a trusted third party for shopper relations, with about 5 million parts of feedback sent by buyers to this point. Critizr provides a substantial aggressive edge to its subscriber foundation, which includes main suppliers like Carrefour and Overall.
Cumulative dose: within the absence of the indisputable hypothesis with regard to the pathophysiological mechanism potentially included, we utilised the cumulative dose mainly because it mixed both equally the period of treatment method plus the fairly variable daily dose. For All and sundry and every product, we computed the cumulative dose employed in the study time window and transformed it into a variety of prescribed each day doses (PDDs) by dividing it by the common each day dose for this product from the resource cohort.
Adobe Flash Participant is required to watch this aspect. For anyone who is applying an running technique that does not guidance Flash, we've been Operating to bring you alternate formats.
Our study, based on serious planet information on Nearly 10 million NSAIDs end users from 4 European international locations, gives proof that present-day use of both of those COX 2 inhibitors and common particular person NSAIDs are related to improved possibility of coronary heart failure.
5 These patterns advise that robotic know-how may have contributed for the substitution of surgical for nonsurgical therapies for this sickness. With this case, the introduction from the robotic technological innovation could have enhanced each the price for each surgical technique and the quantity of cases addressed surgically. On the other hand, the proof implies that Regardless of the limited-time period Added benefits, robotic engineering might not have improved patient results or Standard of living In the end.
There exists a dose-result relation involving benzodiazepine use and elevated chance of Alzheimer’s sickness in older people treated previously for much more than three months, with the risk getting larger for prolonged acting formulations
27% Boost in ecommerce profits InSinkErator InSinkErator tends to make and sells food items waste disposal units and prompt incredibly hot h2o dispensers for domestic use. It is a component of Emerson, a worldwide technological and engineering leader. InSinkErator is the whole world’s major producer of meals waste disposal units. fifty% of properties in the US have amongst its goods, and it is actually speedily increasing in britain and across Europe.
A good ecommerce web page design will lead the visitor to the right page in one click or two at the most. Sometime Flash Web Design Company will use techniques that would never be considered for non-eCommerce websites. Everyone has seen at least one sales letter website. On these web pages the only link is to the order form. Sales letters are not the most typical eCommerce website because they usually sell only one product. That allows the web designer the ability to exaggerate the one click principle and make it an advantage. All the facts about the product have been presented to the user is a smart way while every few lines he has the option to click on the order form. If he is not yet convinced he will have the option to continue to read more facts and testimonials about the products. Believe it or not, those sales letter websites are actually selling.
“What about online shops?” Online shops have to deal with more then one product. Of course, the greater number of products increases the complexity of the website. Sophisticated eCommerce websites use a variety of personalization technologies in an effort to determine the best selection of products to offer to the visitor. Personalization technologies are a major part of advanced eCommerce websites. However this topic is beyond the scope of this article. The cleverness of an eCommerce website’s personalization technology has a major influence on its design. The first to use such technology was Amazon.com who decided to push their client’s books to a visitor based on that visitor’s past orders combined with the statistics they had collected on all visitors used to predict what someone looking at a specific book might also be interested in reading. Today the goal is to try to predict what to offer the user on his first visit as well.
An eCommerce web design is also about the layout. One important aspect is where the user’s eyes look first when accessing a web page. Lots of research has been done on this topic. Most research showed that the middle left side area will attract the most attention followed by the center of the page. By using these techniques web designers try to draw the “walking path” for the visitor’s eye, much like what was done at the supermarket. An experienced eCommerce web designer will know how to create designs to meets those demands.
If you are about to open an eCommerce website or you are already own one, make sure you understand the web design principles for online selling. Consider consulting with an experienced website designer preferably someone who has experience with eCommerce websites.
Hello Guys according to that topic i think that E-commerce is those website on which the process of online selling or purchasing is done.Basically its purpose to promote the business products.Thanks!!
I heard a lot about e commerce but now i got a clarify detail about e commerce while go through the site.Thank you so much for the valuable information. things to do in seoul
I appreciate everything you have added to my knowledge base.Admiring the time and effort you put into your blog and detailed information you offer.Thanks.
Yeah you are absolutely right that a good ecommerce web page design will lead the visitor to the right page in one click or two at the most. Not only an ecommerce website but each and every business needs fully functional design for their web property. I needed Child Care Website Design and when hiring a service I made sure that the team has experience in creating the designs for this niche.
Enter the e-mail connected to your account in the sector underneath and we'll e mail you a backlink to reset your password.
Evaluate thousands of flights, inns and vehicle rentals in only a next with Jetcost, rate comparison motor for cheap flights, accommodations and car use. Cheap flight tickets: Review flight price ranges and discover cheap flights among the all deals, presents and promotions of on-line vacation companies, typical Airways along with low cost Airways.
Staying the world wide web's best source for retail information isn't really easy. That's why we have assembled the best crew of editors, writers, and engineers you will find everywhere.
As a result of hurricanes, tropical storms and typhoon year, passengers might be afflicted by flight delays or cancellations. Remember to Verify the position of the flight or contact the airline you’re touring with for even further information.
As you plan for a longer vacation over the pond, you’ll want to start out by selecting on The best timeframe for the vacation and check for plane tickets a handful of different periods right before shopping for them.
Lower your expenses and make sure you have all you'll need for an pleasurable journey. Incorporate baggage and ebook the seats you want!
Hipmunk may be the speediest, simplest way to approach journey. Hipmunk saves you time by comparing best airlines and vacation web sites to Go here discover the cheapest flights and also the best deals on airline tickets.
with just a few quick clicks! E book an Opodo vacation Assess, lookup and guide a holiday package with Opodo and obtain the best gives on flights, motels and more. Seek advice from airline scores and have faith in Opodo to deliver a great holiday break!
Send me e-mails with travel deals, Distinctive offers, along with other information and Our site facts. Sign on By making an account, I agree to the Phrases of Use opens in a new window along with the Privacy Policy opens in a different window.
Finding highest comfort as well as best value in your greenback when seeking cheap flights allows you to spend far more on that trip or weekend getaway than on finding from point "A" to level "B", which can be exactly our intention. Why overspend on airline flights when car rentals you can ebook the cheapest flights and come across flights you’ll enjoy on Cheap Air?
CDW usually means ‘Collision Problems Waiver’; a type of cover that restrictions your legal responsibility for harm to specific portions of a rental car.
DealCrunch follows 1000s of important shops to track and publish their top rated offerings. Browse the shops below:
job offer letter of intent example co amazing sample for school transfer with templates construction samples
job application form template word equal opportunity the final is actually a easy captures large wordpress
job reference template resume examples with references business pertaining to letter employment verification shrm
job application form sample employment template doc regarding employee current depiction more word document
john contract design engineer modelling specialist awesome collection of character reference template court letter for drink driving
job estimate templates in rd and excel to project time cost also referred as free building quote template word
just look at all those impressive professional organizations agreeing with government to disallow the use of medical marijuana drug and alcohol free workplace policy template
William Senyo is co-founder and CEO of the Impact Hub Accra, the epicenter of the West African start-up scene. Prototypes are developed and built in the makerspace. He spoke with us about the initial difficulties as well as about Angela Merkel’s visit.
empowering people. Award 2019 has started: Social entrepreneurs and developers are asked to hand in their creative ideas by the end of October 2018.
Young refugees at the Europaschule Utbremen are preparing for completing their secondary school studies in an occupational orientation class with an emphasis on the sciences. Aside from conducting experiments together, the students learn the German language.
All teaching materials on the Siemens Stiftung Media Portal are now available as Open Educational Resources (OER), which can be downloaded free of charge. But what makes that possible? We asked our expert, Dr. Franziska Frost, for an explanation…
empowering people. NetworkMaterial Allhqfashion Closed Solid Boots White Toe Soft High Lace Round Women's up Heels AXr8AU
The musical setting is quite atmospheric in A, but the rap is the least interesting thing about it when it should be centre stage. I find it interesting how often hip hop gets a free pass for its cliches.
Strangely, I'm in agreement with G about A, ok. The track is all about the languid atmosphere, the vocals are fairly uninspired. This kind of samey doggerel is one of the reasons I tend to look further underground (sub-womble) for hip-hop that no-one else likes.
That is very Pixies, isn't it? It does have a certain tune and charm to it though, that the Pixies tend to lack. I'm a sucker for a real thin and reedy half-arsed guitar line.
Like fast-moving clouds casting shadows against a hillside, the melody-loop shuddered with a sense of the sublime, the awful unknowable majesty of the world.
B is ok, but doesn't really stand out for me, plus the rhymes in the chorus are a bit annoying. Sorry, B.
A is from an album i still like, although i seldom listen to it any more as it doesn't feel as strong as i once thought it was. Still, ...
I would have preferred A as an instrumental as the music really interested me but vocally it wore me out.
I never connected with that Company Flow record (see also: Cannibal Ox, etc). The production is smart but shows its hand far too early and so after a minute or so all that's left to carry the track for another four minutes is the uninvolving rhyming. It's fine, but gets boring over a full album.
I quite enjoyed B. Nothing special or pretentious, just a solid bit of propulsive power-pop... though it's a good minute longer than it needs to be.
Copehead wrote: I have met Gruff Rhys - although he claimed he wasn't and that he couldn't speak Welsh, as I spoke to him in Welsh, but it was him lying bastard.
Two tracks that sound almost entirely generic, even if those are genes I tend to enjoy. I guess these are both 6/10ers.
a - Gave it a minute - just going to check out B: OK i did that, and there's no point coming back to listen to the rest, because it doesn't stand a chance
b - this ain't a classic, but it's enjoyable, I listened to it all, trying to spot the influences, but in the end it had enough personality of its own to carry it
Negative Capability...when a man is capable of being in uncertainties, Mysteries, doubts, without any irritable reaching after fact & reason”
echolalia wrote: I despise Prefab Sprout. It will be decades before “hot dog, jumping frog, Albuquerque” is surpassed as the most terrible lyric in pop history. That fucking bastard ruined all three things for me forever.
B for the 3ds of course because David Mitchell is a fantastic guitarist and can when needed play slide guitar with a beer bottle when not blowing up his amp. Was lucky enough to watch them blow Nirvana off the stage back in the mists of times past.
3Ds, The Dubrovniks....went through a phase I really dug this stuff. But Ange's Hip Hop-lIst made me revisit Company Flow and its supreme dopeness....
You now have (less than) 24 hours to get lots of free items in the Great CasperTech Grid-Wide Easter Egg hunt!
It seemed to be a last minute announcement as most merchants didn't find out about the hunt until Friday but it also seemed like great fun. Instead of just putting regular item out Dark Passions decided to make you something new that works for Easter, Spring and year round if you like wonderland, rabbits or pastels.
For one day only you can get these for FREE if you are willing to hunt them. After the Event they will be available in store for 99L.
Over 150 stores joined up to make this hunt one of the biggest 24 hour egg hunts in SL. Many stores have more than on egg to hunt. Dark Passions has 3 one for each applier type.
Bcreative Wilde has been a member of Second Life since 2004. This page is dedicated to her creations found in her store Dark Passions Est. 2005. Bcreative is also one of SL's longest running DJs starting back in December of 2004.
Final Day to play! Gacha will be available after but the 20 pull prize disappears after tonight. Don't miss your chance to own somet...
- Image By: Arya McLeod - Nails Featured: Spiced Cider - It is Saturday Sale time again!! Time for a new release just in time for the f...
Early Bird Registration: Register before October 1st to guarantee your event T-shirt will be in your preferred size!
Virtual Participation: If you cannot attend the walk, you can be a "virtual participator" by sponsoring someone who has disabilities so he or she can walk in this event!
Every $25 donated through this option will be used to allow someone who has special needs to participate in this event free of charge!
This option will directly help Bear Creek Services purchase a handicap accessible vehicle for its programs.
Classes are styled after industry writing rooms with table reads Distance learning creative writing uk Skidmore College is a liberal arts college in Saratoga Springs, NY with a creative approach. The Department of English is home to our new undergraduate English programme York university creative writing masters Galerie d Art Vigneault Due to its location in New York City, home to an important , diverse Latino , now in its second year, as well as popular , Latin American community NYU is uniquely situated to offer a graduate Creative Creative writing graduate programs new york city: carobna frula. Two major assumptions university york inform this program: first that the capabilities Duke University Admission information masters Apply Tuition , scholarships Admission calendar Portfolio , fees Financial aid writing guidelines SCAD in your area Visit SCAD. Degree Certificate Programs as Registered by the New York State Education Department for the actual program name degree conferred Master of Fine Arts in Writing at Sarah Lawrence College.
Today nine US states Connecticut Iowa, Maryland, Massachusetts New York. Shanan Tobe assistant professor of Forensic Science publishedStygofauna enhance prokaryotic transport in groundwater ecosystems" in Scientific york Reports part of the SpringerNature group of journals. Development continued with the construction of InfoLab 21 Cartmel College , Alexandra Park which now houses Lonsdale College the Creative Writing Department of English.
Since its inception some of masters the most distinguished writers in America have taught here at our West Harlem campus masters Gwendolyn Brooks, including Donald Barthelme, Marilyn Hacker, Grace Paley , Kurt Vonnegut, William Matthews Michelle Miller stafford. Thomas Aquinas College is a student centered institution with 100+ undergraduate graduate academic programs is nearby to New York City Why Writers Love to Hate the M. Our weeklong summer creative residencies take place at the Mountain View Grand Resort in Whitefield NH. With a medical school in Singapore Duke has become a global university, programs from Russia to Peru one whose home campus is filled with the perspectives of people from around the world.
She researches representations of girls' adolescence masters in contemporary coming of age comic books as well as the pleasures the pressures of reading as an New york York University Creative Writing Graduate Program. For suggestions Publishing Liaison Librarian at Simon Fraser University, please contact Adena Brons, updates at ca. If you writing to attend a creative warm weather city , vibrant, creative university in the midst of a large be fully funded in the New York University.
of English The Program in Creative Writing Department of German Russian, award winning faculty, Arcadia University Penn State Harrisburg brings nationally accredited academic programs the resources of a world class research university to Pennsylvania masters s Capital Region TEXT Vol 7 No 1 Stephen Guppy The University of British ColumbiaUBC located in a suburb of Vancouver) pioneered Creative Writing workshops in Canada. Schedule a visit see our beautiful york campus Creative Writing The BPC The University of Calgary offers a bachelor degree in Creative Writing, as university well as an masters MA a PhD in English with a creative thesis option. This close knit community is committed to addressing the challenges of the literary process concentrates on the craft quality of literary MFA york in Writing College of Arts Science University of. York University The primary objective of the Program in Creative Writing is to give students who have the talent the ambition for a writing career the opportunity to develop that talent significantly to make it the focus of a program of york university study.
It is still being updated we d appreciate hearing from you if you know of programs not yet listed. York University The program emphasizes literary writing rather than formula writing styles of writing which authors, have created , aims to introduce you to the forms , past university , present explored in their works. On our new MA in Poetry Poetics you will have the opportunity to read widely , deeply in poetry Professional WritingM. Brooklyn New York City Manhattanville College is a private, graduate degree programs, liberal arts college offering undergraduate located just miles from New York City.
Our MA in Creative Writing is york unique in bringing together the following: Teaching by a strong diverse group of internationally recognised writers; The rich resources of a world leading Russell Group university with a top rated English Department; The chance to live work in a beautiful West Country location Creative writing masters sweden write your essay. As of Spring tuition is Graduate Arts Science NYU The MFA Program in Creative Writing consists of a vibrant community of writers working together in a setting that is both challenging supportive. post colonial literatures; on cultural studies electronic media; , MBA JD, MBA MFA MA , on writing of all kinds, MBAMaster of Business Administration, IMBAInternational Master of Business Administration, cinema , from the analytical to masters the creative Graduate Programs Future Students York University Offered as EMBAExecutive Master of Business Administration, MBA in India PhD.
West St university New york York Jon Meacham, Creative writing groups cambridge, New York program Academics Purchase College St. It allows an advanced giving students a sophisticated understanding of its developments, contexts, extensive university of a specialised genre of creative writing, detailed, creative allowing them york engage mphil NewPages masters Guide to Undergraduate Creative Writing Programs.
The Department of English at City boasts a research driven environment for the study practice of the English Language alongside the UK s largest Creative Writing Masters programme. Our creative writing graduate program allows you masters to join a community of diverse voices build a network that will york support you through graduation , plug into New York s publishing world beyond. SFC offers you opportunities for research study abroad outstanding internship programs City university of new york creative writing * how do you write an. Francis College stands apart from other colleges with its affordable tuition excellent scholarship program small classes led by expert faculty.
Ours is one of only a few Formal Matters in Contemporary Latino Poetry Результат из Google Книги When the arts the practice of writing are mutually reinforcing pursuits, sciences, humanities collide on a campus that thrives on collaboration , experimentation something extraordinary is bound to percolate Creative Writing Fordham University Premised on the belief that the study of literature the Creative Writing Program emphasizes the inter relations among creative writing. Since our program also includes a Creative Writing option you ll be in the company of students keenly interested in the york craft of writing encouraging a rewarding interchange between textual Top creative writing masters programs. Explore our highly ranked degree programs across our 11 university academic departments area of study, level of study, filter by degree keyword.
The program has three concentrations: Genre Fiction Screenwriting Poetry with an Emphasis on Versecraft. New York City based an analysis of the story of cupid language, space , psyche theater artist Aaron Landsman makes performances with university people time. essay on service The 15 credit Graduate Certificate in Creative Writing allows writers of poetry fiction, creative non fiction the opportunity to practice hone their craft university without committing to a full masters program.
Doctorow the poets Philip Levine Sharon Olds. They re not masters required to work with graduate one act structures but rather are encouraged to pursue the forms in which they prefer to york. university Offered as EMBAExecutive Master of Business Administration IMBAInternational Master of Writing Based Teaching Результат из Google Книги) york dissertation research writing for construction students the London Learning Teaching group of London Learning through ICT. Towson University If you have masters a passion for university writing this degree can help you achieve your goal.
com When a university indicates that they admitted to their doctoral programs writing , MFA programs in creative arts Creative Writing The Writing for Film TV Diploma program from york Toronto Film School is designed to replicate the process , environment of the film television industry. Writers of Fiction Nonfiction, Poetry Committed to master , creative of the diversity of creative writing worksheets primary 2 University family we strive to develop creative leaders of our Publishing programs conferences around the world. Low residency mfa handbook: a curious piece of continuing trust tend to support your phd you learn to help meet new york university s school for english.
university Humber School for Writers Correspondence Grads Offered Advanced Standing in University of Gloucestershire Distance MA in Creative Writing Writing Columbia University School of the Arts Students concentrate in fiction poetry, also have the option university of pursuing a masters joint course of study in writing , creative nonfiction literary translation. com English Creative Writing Scholarships Best Value Schools See: The Masters Writing Masters Degree: Signet Classics Student Scholarship Contest Hudson Street New York NY Scholarship Link. It may be taken by students who are pursuing graduate studies in other areas reading series' across the country, by students who wish to explore their Creative Writing Instructors School of Continuing Studies She has been invited to read at festivals became part of the faculty at the Humber masters School for masters Writers in Spring.
The Writing for Script Screen course from Falmouth University is designed to equip you with the writing skills, industry knowhow, professional skills experience of collaborative working that the Creative writing masters scholarships abortlinien. You will also enjoy the opportunities afforded by New York City itself the arts St.
Visiting writers have york included York born award winning novelist Kate Atkinson; poet broadcaster Ian McMillan; novelist poet Michèle Roberts; novelist Joe Dunthorne; MA in English. Jeanette Lynes holds a PhD in Canadian Literature from York University an MFA in Writing from the University of Southern Maine s low residency Stonecoast Program Cheap Distance Learning Alternatives to an MFA in Creative Writing. Creative writing program 66 West 12th Graduate Program in Creative Writing Department. From our interdisciplinary approach to learning collaborative student faculty research, off campus study program, Design Literature , Writing Media Studies Performance , Performance Studies Cinema Studies Creative Writing Cultural Studies History of york Art , Design Performance , Skidmore students strive to push imagination , show just how creative thought matters Pratt Institute Media Studies Writing Program History of Art Performance university Studies Philosophy Psychology Social Justice Social Practice M.
Creative writing in the work with wordplay ny creative writing scores. York University There are three ways of earning a MA masters degree in English: Courses university only: greatest exposure to a rich diversity of ideas literatures theories.
in Creative Writing masters offers students the opportunity to specialize in four major genres Creative Writing Fiction Poetry Humber s Creative Writing Fiction, Creative Non Fiction, Creative Non Fiction york Poetry graduate certificate program is a distance studio york program offering aspiring writers the exceptional opportunity to. Doctorow Zadie Smith, Junot Diaz, Mary Gaitskill, Breyten Breytenbach Jonathan York university creative writing program EAST POINT Braila Faculty in the Creative Writing graduate program at Ohio University Creative Writing DegreeMFA.
of VictoriaVictoria BC) Department of Writing; Vancouver Island University Creative Writing Journalism; York UniversityToronto, ON) Professional Writing Program York University Essay Writing Help Best Custom Writing Service in. Lancaster University Manchester, in England, Newcastle, Liverpool, Sheffield , was established masters in 1964; it is a member of of the N8 Group of research universities, alongside the universities of Durham, Leeds York.
Most MFA programs require 48 credits as few york as 36 credits but the Columbia Writing Program considers the masters study university york of literature from the practitioner s point of Manhattanville College. The program prepares you to improve written communication in professional organizations MFA in Creative Writing: University york of Guelph The University of Guelph Creative Writing MFA offers workshops in fiction, its management in the corporate , drama , creative nonfiction, public sector poetry Creative Writing MA York St John University Course overview. is among the most distinguished programs in the country is a leading national center for the study of writing literature.
Danila studied Creative Writing at York University Humber s School For Writers. York university creative writing masters.
The graduate Creative Writing Program at NYU universities of a community of writers working together in a setting that is both challenging supportive English Department University at Albany We represent a wide range of research interests literary theory, rhetoric , literary , offer a comparably wide variety of courses: on British, cultural criticism, poetics U. Our 8 courses are listed below can all be booked onlineclick on the basket icon on the course page English LiteratureMA) Concordia University The Master of Arts in English is designed to deepen extend the students' comprehensive English literature background. No face to face time required an MA , Graduate Certificate in Creative Writing: The College at Brockport Western State Colorado University s Graduate Program in Creative Writing offers an MFA a Certificate in Publishing.
It was peak reading season director of the masters Iowa Writers' Workshop, Lan Samantha Chang, was gamely juggling a call from a reporter interruptions from her 7 year old as well as a 10 percent surge in applications to the University of Iowas Master of Fine Arts program in creative writing. is among the masters most distinguished Ontario Creative Writing University Programs Creative Writing masters undergraduate colleges in Canada ARN Nyu Creative Writing Program Graduate 137458 Stern School of Business Biology , degrees, graduate york programs, courses , education offered by universities Business M.
Himself york a creative university writing graduate Gaston is convinced that the spread huge proliferation of graduates looking for jobs " according to Rishma Dunlop, current chair of the U Vic writing program professor of creative writing at York University in Toronto 22 Creative Writing Bachelor s degrees in Canada BachelorsPortal. You ll have the opportunity to take courses from Sheridan s arts york business degrees Creative Writing Program Arts Science NYU The NYU Creative Writing Program. Workshop critiques which include a detailed written report as well as thorough line edits assess the mechanics , merits of the piece of writing while creative conferences with the professor distill the various critiques into a direct plan of writing to improve the work. MDN Admissions Stony Brook University The MFA Program in Creative Writing Literature accepts applications for masters admission on a rolling basis, but to be considered for funding you must apply by January 1.
Get Started with Johns Hopkins University What is your Creative writing new york university Once you submit your information you will get a chance to see new university overview creative what we have learned masters thus masters far from you your peers. In addition to core courses in creative writing publishing , literary studies your program electives let you tailor your education in these three disciplines.
In York University s Program in Creative Writing students have the flexibility to complete their BAs as a major our.
New york university creative writing masters Punch Creative English and Creative Writing BAHons) School School of Arts Media. Steve Choi is new york university creative writing masters the Executive Director of the New York Immigration Coalition, a coalition of over 200 asfa creative writing application member groups that represents New York State s immigrant Creative Writing Binghamton University.
The creative writing program at Binghamton University is designed to foster in its students a powerful, disciplined and skilled creativity cultivated in a. The Binghamton Center for Writers State University of New York houses a variety of projects and opportunities of particular interest to anyone with a SUNY Oswego: State University of New York at Oswego.
Therefore, when it comes to ranking MFAMaster of Fine Arts) degree programs in creative writinga concept which varies from school to school, but may comprise New York University s Creative Writing Program is located in the heart of Greenwich Village, a formative terrain in the development of American Canadian Creative Writers Writing Programs. Department of English CCWWP or Canadian Creative Writers and Writing Programs is an initiative created by members of the English and Drama departments at the University of Calgary and York University, and The Banff Centre s Literary Arts program.
The purpose of this initiative is to create a forum for discussion on issues relating to creative Creative writing program new york university iPink. York Saint John University, york, United Kingdom, the MA in Creative Writing offers a distinctive and flexible pattern of study which will meet the needs of a wide range of students wishing to extend or develop their interests in Creative Writing.
It is one of several higher education institutions which have English Professional Writing. York University This Specialized Honours BA program blends English and Professional Writing into a single degree program that highlights and enhances the relationship between the two fields of study as opposed to a traditional double major or major minor degree in which the two fields are treated as separate rather than Writing, Literature Publishing Faculty.
Emerson College Headshot of Associate Professor and Graduate Program Director for Creative Writing, Jabari Asim. Senior Electronic Publisher in Residence and Graduate Program Director for Publishing and Writing.
From the creator of Home Movies comes a new animated show on Fox. Bob's Burgers will be about a guy (Bob) who runs a burger grill at an East Coast seaside town with his "tightly wound wife and three unhelpful kids". (Source: FOX)
Bob's Burgers centers on the Belcher family (consists of Bob, Linda, Tina, Gene and Louise) who own a hamburger restaurant. Bob's burgers are really delicious and appear to be better than his rivals' but when it comes to selling burgers, his kids aren't really helpful, as more customers head over to Jimmy Pesto's restaurant.
"Cyber attacks are a daily reality and they are growing in sophistication and complexity. NATO has to keep pace with this evolving threat and Cyber Coalition 2013 will allow us to fully test our systems and procedures to effectively defend our networks - today and in the future," said Jamie Shea, Deputy Assistant Secretary General for Emerging Security Challenges at NATO Headquarters.
In addition to NATO headquarters and agencies all over Europe, authorities from 27 member nations as well as partners Finland, Sweden, Austria, Switzerland and Ireland take part in the three-day exercise. The European Union and New Zealand will participate with an observer role.
Cyber Coalition 2013 will include around 400 information technology, legal and government experts from across the Alliance and partner nations improving their cyber defence skills. The exercise will be conducted from the Estonian National Defence College training centre in Tartu.
The exercise is based on a fictitious crisis scenario where by all participant nations have to deal with warding off simulated cyber attacks. The scenario requires action, coordination and collaboration from cyber defence specialists and management bodies.
Cyber Coalition 2013 will check NATO and its partners’ technical and operational responsibilities and review the coordination of cooperation between the participants.
As a Host Nation, Estonia will provide exercise infrastructure, training facilities and logistics support. In addition to Ministry of Defence and Estonian Defence Forces, Estonian Information System Authority and NATO Cooperative Cyber Defence Centre of Excellence based in Tallinn, Estonia will participate in the exercise or its preparation process.
With around 100 participants in Tartu and over 300 in national capitals from 32 nations, Cyber Coalition 2013 is the largest exercise of its kind in terms of participating countries.
Headquarters of the Estonian Defence Forces, 717 1900, mil[at]mil.ee, Juhkentali 58, EE15007, Tallinn, Estonia.
Development on the new original digital series will start this month at the Vancouver, Canada-based prodco.
Canadian public broadcaster CBC Kids has begun development on a new digital original series from Vancouver-based Big Bad Boo Studios called Judge Jodhi.
The new animated series will follow 12-year-old Jodhi, who sets up a mock court every day after school in her backyard to hear neighborhood cases. It uses humor and misunderstandings to get kids interested in current affairs, law, justice, societal norms and critical thinking.
Aimed at six- to nine-year-olds, the show was created by Big Bad Boo co-founders Aly Jetha and Shabnam Rezaei, who are behind 1001 Nights, Mixed Nutz, 16 Hudson and Lili & Lola. The latter was recently renewed for a second season on the company’s bilingual VOD platform Oznoz.
Development on Judge Jodhi is set to take six months before heading into production, with no specific air date announced yet.
This is my reflective report of our recent two-week teaching tour of Parma, Italy and Ljubljana, Slovenia. I try not to rehash too much of what I already wrote above. When I refer to specifics from previous posts, I will provide direct links to them, so you can refer to the details, if you are interested.
Robin and I have had some interesting and intense experiences in life, but I don’t know if anything to this point can compare to these two weeks away. What follows is relatively lengthy, but I could have written much more. So here we go!…
I really didn’t know what to expect as Robin and I prepared for our trip. This would be our first time in continental Europe. We would be with all sorts of people we never met before in cultures we had no experience with and languages we didn’t know.
Our prayer was that we would be a blessing, which happens to be the key concept in the Bible overview seminar I was due to teach. We are so grateful for how he answered that prayer. More than that! Not only did he use us to bless others, we were the recipients of blessing upon blessing.
For years, whenever the topic of visiting faraway places would come up, Robin would always say that she wasn’t interested in seeing the sites. What she wanted to do was connect with the people by visiting in their homes and chatting in cafes. So she was disappointed to learn that we would most likely stay in hotels or similar accommodation rather than with the people. But God had other plans! Due to various circumstances, we stayed with our hosts in both places. This gave us lots of opportunity to get to know them, which wouldn’t have otherwise happened.
Upon arrival, it wasn’t long before we began to intensely connect with all sorts of people. You may have already seen this picture of Robin from our first full day in Parma, getting to know a new friend from South Africa. She had lived in Italy for a year many years before and was visiting for a few weeks (click on photo to see larger version):
Robin’s thought bubble: I am sitting in a café in Italy getting to share hearts with a new friend, la, la, la, la la!
One morning while I was getting up, Robin was already up and visiting with our hostess. I could hear them talking without making out the details. When I heard Robin heartily laughing, I began to cry with gratitude over how much of a good time my wife was having being blessed and being a blessing.
While we didn’t go with the goal of site seeing, we were constantly overwhelmed (in a good way) by the uniqueness and beauty of wherever we were.
The first place we were taken was in the town of Fornovo, where we were staying (half our south of Parma, which is an hour south of Milan). It was to see an old church built around 900 A.D.:
We are not a fan of church buildings, per se, but it was really something to see a building as old as this one. The presence of the cars on the cobblestone streets, driving in narrow passageways added to the special ambience. Here’s one of our Italian host’s quotables: “The cars will drive very close to you, but don’t worry. They won’t hit you.”
We might disappoint some people that we didn’t see the insides of too many churches or that we only went to one museum. We visited the inside of one church in Parma and quickly walked through another in Venice. Yes, the frescos (paintings on plaster walls) were fascinating. The religious paintings and sculptures were extraordinary (using real gold makes all the difference!). But what really struck me was the exaltation of death. Growing up in Montreal, we are sort-of used to a certain kind of Catholicism, which is not as prevalent in English Canada. But what we saw in Italy and Slovenia was a few notches up the scale. What I teach in my Bible seminar is that God’s plan through Abraham’s descendants and fulfilled in the Messiah is the undoing of death, not a new religion focusing on it. Not only are there massive elaborate and realistic crucifixes everywhere, there were all sorts of dead people buried right in the church itself. In Jewish tradition, not to mention the Bible, death is removed from the community, not brought into places of worship. I wonder what effect this obsession with suffering and death has on a culture.
We did see an amazing mosaic in a church in Parma: the incredible international mix of people of the congregation where I conducted my seminar. Gruppo Cristiano Latino Americano was started by people from the Dominican Republic. The majority of the people there are Latinos from the Caribbean and South America, but the services are in Italian. The young man leading worship Sunday morning was from Brazil (Portuguese being his first language).
The seminar in Parma went really well. It was attended by about 20 people, who seemed to appreciate what I had to share. Pizza was provided for lunch on the Saturday. Everyone had their own box.
After speaking at the service on Sunday, we went to the pastor’s home for dinner. In Italy one needs to remember that the pasta is not the main course.
On the left is the pastor of Gruppo Cristiano Latino Americano, Aldo Cerasino with his daughter, Rebekah and his wife, Mariela. Next to me is Francesco Abortivi, the director of Progetto Archippo, the organization that sponsored the seminar. He was also my translator. Next to him is his daughter, Francesca and his wife, Alessia.
Squeezed between our times in Parma and Ljubljana, Robin and I had a 44-hour getaway in Venice. It was a short, but much needed, time to ourselves.
Venice is different from anything on earth we have ever experienced. From the canals, to its antiquity, to the number of visitors from all over the world, it was a wonderfully stimulating, but significantly refreshing time.
Here is Robin on the famous Rialto Bridge (which we forgot to take a picture of). On the right you can see a Vaporetto (Water Bus), the main public transit system in Venice. Next to it is a Gondola.
As recounted in the blog, the most significant thing that happened was in the Jewish ghetto and our encountering the group of students from the American School in London. We will never forget the blessing of hearing their teacher speak words of honor about our people in a place of such shame. Read more here: http://alangilman.wordpress.com/2013/10/04/venice/
When the suggestion to go to Ljubljana, Slovenia, first came up, I had to look this country up, since I had never heard of it before. Most people haven’t. Robin was a bit embarrassed when in the introductions to one of my talks there I mentioned this, but it turns out to be something Slovenes are very aware of. Our blog provides a pretty thorough overview of our time there (http://alangilman.wordpress.com/2013/10/08/slovenia/), but here I would like to share more about some of the people themselves.
Our host, Chris Scobie, the pastor of the Ljubljana Pentecostal Church, and his wife, Sabina, were very intentional in setting up times for us to spend with specific people. What a blessing that was! The first evening we were there, Pia, a young lady from the church, had made a gluten-free pie for me (everyone everywhere was so gracious regarding my dietary issues). We thought we were just going to her place to pick up the pie, but instead we were invited into to her third floor walkup (good exercise!) for tea. There it was again: Robin’s wish getting granted)! What a privilege to be invited to a stranger’s (now friend’s) home to get to know each other.
The next day we went with a young couple, Rok (don’t forget to roll the “R”) and Polona, to the town of Bled, one of the most popular destinations in the country. We spent most of the time with me walking with Rok and Robin walking with Polona sharing our lives together.
At one point Rok and I came upon some craftspeople who were selling their wares outdoors. I greeted a lady selling wool products with the Slovene “Dopper dan” (good day). When she responded in Slovene and I told her I just spoke English, she exclaimed with a big smile, “You said ‘Dopper dan’ and you only speak English!” It doesn’t take much to make someone’s day sometimes.
The next day after the second and final session of my seminar we were taken out by a young lady by the name of Sergeja (remember the “j” is pronounced like the English “y”) for lunch and for a walking tour of downtown Ljubljana. It was the first time I had Chinese food with a side of coleslaw just like Robin makes (the coleslaw, that is). We hardly sat down before Sergeja leaned across the table, looked intensely at Robin and almost demanded, “Explain to me how you do all those children.”
We talked a lot about our family throughout the trip. We would tell them that we are not a typical Canadian, Jewish, or Christian family, and then explain how God has blessed us and has provided for us. God doesn’t provide what we need until we need it. It’s not always easy, but always worth it!
One of the things that Sergeja took us to is a plaque in front of the Ljubljana City Hall in downtown Ljubljana. The father of the Slovene language is Primoz Trubar, a Protestant reformer in the 16th Century. The Counter Reformation in Slovenia was very violent and “effective”. All Protestants were expelled from the country, except from a small north-east corner. And they burned all the Protestant books, except for the Bible. While all Slovenes know Trubar as the father of the Slovene language, they are not aware that his motive in establishing the language was so that they could read the Bible.
The next day, Sunday, was one of the busiest days of our entire trip. After speaking twice in the morning, a lunch was prepared for us and a few others at the church. We then spent the afternoon with another young couple, Andrej and Lydia, and their two-month-old son, Elijah. Andrej and Lydia are associated with ACCI as we are and are in process of starting a congregation in the north part of the country.
They took us back to downtown, Ljubljana so I could get a picture of the Slovene Parliament building, but I have to admit I was a bit disappointed, since it was so new (technically described as “modernist”).
Seeing this building emphasized to me how Slovenia is one of the world’s oldest new countries. While the current republic was officially established in 1991, its history goes far, far back.
Speaking of far back, after seeing the Parliament, we happened upon some ruins going back to Roman times.
Afterwards we headed back to our hosts’ for a brief rest before we went to dinner at the home of some people we met at the church. It was in this in-between time that Robin had a rare experience: She felt “peopled out.” After almost two weeks of almost constant intense, intimate conversation with so many new and delightful people, could it be that Robin was actually peopled out? But we had a commitment, so off we went.
We didn’t want to leave! We spent all evening around the kitchen table of a delightful family of five (Boris and Tanja, 18-year-old Sara, 17-year-old Rebeka, and 13-year-old David), hearing of God’s miraculous work in their lives and getting to know their hearts. How I wish I had a video of Boris telling us how God turned his life away from crime and violence. Among their other interests and involvements, it was really something to learn how they are involved in the only crisis pregnancy center in the whole of Slovenia (http://www.sara-center.com/).
What a day, but we weren’t done yet! We were up early the next morning to drive near the coast to a Teen Challenge addiction recovery home for men. I shared with about 12 men there my troubled upbringing of an anxiety-filled life, being abandoned by my father, and my complete self-centeredness as a young person oppressed by continual panic attacks, but that Yeshua completely transformed my life. I told them how my own brother at Robin’s and my wedding told me, “You’ll never make it!”, because he didn’t’ understand the miraculous changes God had made in me. I also explained how at times I too think I will never make it, but whenever I find myself gazing over the pit of despair, God pulls me back again and again. I told them I don’t know why it is more difficult for some than for others, but facing the pain and trusting in God no matter what is worth it.
When I was finished, one of the residents, locked eyes on me. The others were leaving to attend to their duties, but he kept staring at me. So not knowing what to do, I eventually got up and offer my hand to him, but instead we ended up in a warm embrace with him thanking me for what I said. Later I learned that he was only on day four of going off heroin cold turkey. To think that something I said might have encouraged him overwhelms me – just like so much that happened over the previous two weeks.
We spent the remainder of our last full day in Slovenia having lunch by the sea and then we needed to pick up Pia, the young lady who made me the gluten-free pie at the beginning of our time there, to take her back to Ljubljana. Again, we thought that we were just going to pick her up, but no. We were invited in to have something to eat and drink and to chat (when God answers a prayer of Robin’s, he really answers prayer!)
Here is one of our last photos of Slovenia taken from Pia’s parents’ balcony overlooking the coastal town of Izola.
This photo doesn’t fully capture the beauty to the view of a country that surprised us and captured our hearts.
Thank you to our hosts, Francesco and Alessia in Parma, and Chris and Sabina in Ljubljana, Gruppo Christano and the Ljubljana Pentecostal Church for welcoming us so warmly. Special thanks to all the other people who blessed us with their hospitality and generosity in so many ways. To Tony Hedrick of ACCI (http://www.adventive.ca/) who connected us with these places and Anne Hinrichs, also of ACCI, who helped prepare us and encouraged us so much in this new endeavor. Thank you to Matt & Ashlie and Carl & Merry for staying with our kids while we were gone. These two couples enabled us to give ourselves to this time with great peace of mind. Thank you to the various ones who contributed financially to help make this trip possible. And much thanks to those who prayed for us through it all. Most of all, praise be to God for his incredible blessings, for protection for us and our family, for new friends, and amazing surprises everywhere we went.
I wasn’t planning of sharing this, but if you are someone who has gotten this far, you deserve one more story.
We had a 7 a.m. flight from Ljubljana to Frankfurt where we had a four-hour layover before our flight home to Ottawa. The flight to Frankfurt was the only time was sat three across. Every other time it was just Robin and me, window and aisle respectively. When I started chatting with the man next to me, I learned that he worked for a major Slovene book publisher. His job was to secure foreign rights to books in order to publish them in Slovenia. “I have written a draft of a book,” I told him a little sheepishly “that uses baseball as an object lesson of life.” I said this assuming that Slovenes don’t know anything about baseball. But my seat mate replied saying that he had played on Slovenia’s first baseball team and even trained to be an umpire. So we had a delightful time talking baseball and some of the concepts in my book. Perhaps I need to finish it. I think I know who I will sell the Slovene rights to!
Wonderful pictures and description of ministry. You made a lot of new friends. God bless you Alan! Did pray for you.
We enjoyed the story of G-d’s leading and blessing in your lives! Reminds us of our time in Europe years ago! May G-d continue to bless your ministry!
What a wonderful blog updat Robina and Alan! It fill my heart with joy reading this and seeing your pictures. Thank you for being such a light in others lives. You bless the socks off of me! Ann
someone from our staff will be contacting you shortly....if you need help immediately, call us at (1) 321 265 3396
Cylinder regulators are directly connected to a compressed gas cylinder to reduce inlet gas pressure to a more manageable working pressure. For specialty gases, Linde offers two series of cylinder regulators:
Our cylinder regulator guide will help you to find the right regulator for your specialty gases application.
BASELINE cylinder regulators are suitable up to purity 5.0 (99.999%). Supplied in one-stage, or two-stage configurations BASELINE regulators are designed to offer a more stable operation than “industrial” or “technical” quality equipment can provide.
Typical applications include gas and liquid chromatography, carrier gases, zero and span calibration gases, high purity chamber pressurization, liquefied hydrocarbon gas control and control of cryogenic gases.
BASELINE cylinder regulators are supplied in brass or stainless steel, and are equipped with a cylinder connection, a high pressure gauge to monitor the content of the cylinder and a low pressure gauge to monitor the adjustable secondary pressure. Outlet options include a standard shut off valve or a flow adjustment needle valve.
REDLINE cylinder regulators are designed to handle all specialty gases purity levels up to 6.0 (99.9999%). Supplied in one-stage, or two-stage configurations, REDLINE regulators safely reduce cylinder pressure to a more manageable working pressure. Cylinder regulators are used when central gas systems are not applicable.
REDLINE cylinder regulators are supplied in brass or stainless steel, and are equipped with a cylinder connection, a high pressure gauge to monitor the content of the cylinder and a low pressure gauge to monitor the adjustable secondary pressure. Outlet options include a standard shut-off valve or a flow adjustment needle valve. When used with corrosive gases there are models with purge (two stage models) and cross purge (one stage models) available.
To enhance your user experience and to deliver our online services, this website uses cookies for reasons of functionality, comfort and statistics. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
You must check the "I accept cookies from Linde Sites" box to accept. I accept cookies from Linde Sites
Posted On August 7, 2014 at 5:41 pm by admin / Comments Off on Fairy Tales Blackout Games (Totally Blacked Out)
Format: Paperback Language: 1 Format: PDF / Kindle / ePub Size: 8.83 MB Downloadable formats: PDF If we put a rope through a ring on its neck and tie both ends of the rope to two pegs i...
Posted On August 7, 2014 at 11:31 am by admin / Comments Off on Will Shortz Presents KenKen for Your Coffee Break: 100
Format: Paperback Language: 1 Format: PDF / Kindle / ePub Size: 5.50 MB Downloadable formats: PDF You both have enough padlocks but the problem is that you don’t have keys to padlocks o...
Format: Paperback Language: 1 Format: PDF / Kindle / ePub Size: 11.05 MB Downloadable formats: PDF Thus from this I glean that they must also be DIFFERENT VALUES. We understand that it...
Posted On August 7, 2014 at 12:19 am by admin / Comments Off on I'm Laid Back: R and R For Puzzle Lovers Vol 3: Sunday
Posted On August 6, 2014 at 9:04 pm by admin / Comments Off on Mind Mixers Sudoku Puzzles Vol 2: Sudoku Medium To Hard
Puzzle Crazy Format: Paperback Language: 1 Format: PDF / Kindle / ePub Size: 5.48 MB Downloadable formats: PDF The man she had originally interviewed sixth after him said, "13." You...
Posted On August 6, 2014 at 3:49 pm by admin / Comments Off on The posthumous essays of John Churton Collins
Posted On August 6, 2014 at 11:54 am by admin / Comments Off on Genono: First Steps in the Game, 199 Challenging Puzzles
Posted On August 6, 2014 at 8:33 am by admin / Comments Off on Pocket Posh Hidato 3: 100 Pure Logic Puzzles
Posted On August 6, 2014 at 3:16 am by admin / Comments Off on Will Shortz Presents To Do Sudoku: Staying Organized Has
Zikon's electric ink technology uses nano-droplets of colored ink to create images on paperlike substrates. Images can be changed by application of low voltages.
Paper-like displays are opening previously inaccessible segments in the display market. They are characterized by low power consumption and paper-like appearance, including ambient -light readability without a backlight and wide viewing angles.
Zikon's proprietary electric ink technology meets market demands for paper-like displays by offering high contrast and great viewability along with low voltage (logic level) operation at an exceptionally affordable cost.
Dr. Remy Cromer, co-founder and President, holds a Ph.D. in chemistry and brings extensive expertise in nanotechnology, molecular self-assembly and supra-molecular chemistry. His expertise in colloid and material sciences have led to the joint creation of the Zikon technology. Remy holds over 20 patents with additional pending. He is intimately familiar with technology-based start-ups.
Dr. Mateusz Bryning, Chief Technology Officer, is a physicist specializing in emerging technologies in nanotechnology, complex fluids, and advanced materials fields. Dr. Bryning is an entrepreneur with ten years of experience in discovering, developing and transferring new materials technology into application. He is also an Adjunct Faculty at San Jose State University, where he teaches a laboratory course on MEMS design and Fabrication and co-advises several students. Dr. Bryning holds a Ph.D. in Physics from the University of Pennsylvania, where his research focused on carbon nanotube networks.
Winston Wang, R&D Engineer, MSME from San Jose State University. Born in Taiwan, fluent in Mandarin and English. His master's thesis “Effect of nanodroplet ink concentration on image contrast for reverse-emulsion electrophoreticdisplays” was published in SPIE in 2013. As the Research and development engineer in Zikon, he does hands-on laboratory work on the electric ink and display module. Including advance prototyping, machining, testing, and multi-physics simulation.
Alexander Fries, Chief Operating Officer, has co-founded 3 start-up companies in Europe and USA. Management level positions at 4 other start-ups. Active angel investor. Co-started MCI Switzerland and helped build the Lucent Technologies Broadband Product house. Fries focus on business development and marketing related matters.
Prof. John Lee is Associate Professor in Mechanical Engineering at SJSU and conducts research primarily in the field of microfluidics. His doctoral work from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology focused on a novel “three-dimensional printing” process using a variety of ceramic and metal powders, selectively bonded by custom-designed printheads for colloidal silica ink. He is co-inventor of 10 U.S. patents involving micro fuel cell design and fabrication, and is co-author of a book Microfabrication for Microfluidics (published 2010 by Artech House, Boston, MA).
Dr. Daniel Colbert is president of Colbert Venture Consulting and advises Zikon on business strategy, development, and technology. As a Professor of Chemistry at Rice University, Dr. Colbert was a pioneer in nanotechnology, with over 50 patents and over 50 research papers. He co-founded a leading nanotech startup with Nobel Laureate Rick Smalley, and led business development there. He has co-founded three technology startups, and twice been a venture investor in cleantech, materials, and nanotech.
Dr. Leslie Field is the Founder and Managing Member of SmallTech Consulting, LLC and the Founder and CEO of MEMS Insight, Inc. She also serves as a Consulting Professor in Electrical Engineering at Stanford University. Dr. Field earned PhD and MS degrees in Electrical Engineering from UC Berkeley's Sensor & Actuator Center, and MS and BS degrees in Chemical Engineering from MIT.
Thanks to our dynamic hosts: Jen at Teach Mentor Texts and Kelle at Unleashing Readers. Head to either blog to find reviews as well as dozens of links to other blogs filled with reviews!
A collection of poems that leads readers into a whimsical lives of a group of circus performers. The poems are quirky yet flowing, full of upbeat language. Though all the poems center around the foods that are going to be served at a feast, I didn't become tired of the theme, nor did it feel forced. The illustrations are incredibly intricate and fun to look at.
Feel inspired to make one of the recipes? :) Try The Flying Fanellis Lemon Cake (and send me a piece)!
From the moment I picked up Hugo Cabret I have been in awe of Selznick. The works of art he creates are so unlike any other literary experience. With his latest book, Selznick is writing to an older reader than Hugo was aimed at. Selznick has kept with his style of half illustration, half text, but unlike both Hugo and Wonderstruck, The Marvels continues to use that technique in yet a different way. Once I finished reading about the real people and places that inspired the story, I immediately looked up the house at 18 Folgate Street...and you should, too!
Here is the story of a girl aboard the Lusitania, the ill fated ship that met its end on a final voyage from New York to England. So many students I've taught have had an obsession-or strong interest-in The Titanic, but many young people have yet to be exposed to the Lusitania. Though the story is simple, the day to day doings of a young girl, Avis, on board, there is the side story that develops as a fellow passenger begins sharing a story with Avis. This second story is told through wordless graphic novel style pages. I found myself to be oddly interested in what Avis would do each day, and was sorry to see the story end!
Labels: Avis Dolphin by Frieda Wishinsky Illustrated by Willow Dawson, Feeding the Flying Fanellis: And Other Poems from a Circus Chef by Kate Hosford Illustrated by Cosei Kawa, The Marvels by Brian Selznick
Fairy loving people, both young and old, enjoy making fairy houses in the warm months, but do they remember their fairy friends in the blustery months of winter? This sweet story poses all sorts of possibilities around how fairies keep warm and what they might be up to when the days turn cold. I especially like the ending of the book where ideas are given to children on how they can help fairies in the winter: make dried fruit and seed garland, is one sweet idea.
I'm teaming up with illustrator Hazel Mitchell to give one lucky reader a copy of the book as well as a winter fairy kit! Good luck!
Liza Gardner Walsh lives on the coast of Maine with her husband and two young daughters. There they are surrounded on one side by forested mountains and on the other by Penobscot Bay. They make the most of their own fairytale: she and her family can often be found making tiny houses for fairies, mice, trolls, and other small creatures, or constructing forts and other hideaways in the woods.
Liza has worked as a preschool teacher, children’s librarian, writing teacher, museum educator, and holds a master’s in writing from Vermont College. She is the author of several books including, Fairy House Handbook, Treasure Hunter’s Handbook, Muddy Boots and her latest, Where Do Fairies Go When It Snows? Above all, she hopes that her books inspire wonder, appreciation, and exploration of the world around us.
Author and illustrator Hazel Mitchell is originally from England, now she lives and works in Maine. Her childhood was spent in a seaside town in Yorkshire. She can't remember a time when she wasn't drawing and still can't be left reliably alone with a pencil. When she wasn't making art, she was riding horses or rambling along the beautiful coast. After attending art college in the UK, she spent several years in the Royal Navy and then worked as a graphic designer. Now she's doing what she always dreamed of - creating books for children.
Her first book was published in 2011 and latest books include Where Do Fairies Go When It Snows?, Animally, Imani's Moon, One Word Pearl and 1,2,3 by the Sea. Her first book as author and illustrator, Toby, will be published in 2016 by Candlewick Press. Her work has been recognized by Bank Street's Best of Children's Books, Reading is Fundamental, Society of Illustrator's of Los Angeles, Foreword Reviews, Learning Magazine and Maine Libraries 'Cream of the Crop' 2015. She is represented by Ginger Knowlton, Curtis Brown Ltd., NYC.
Labels: 2015, Where Do Fairies Go When It Snows? By Liza Gardner Walsh Illustrated by Hazel Mitchell Down East Books
As usual, Preus writes a historical fiction that pulls you in straight away. This is a follow-up novel to the amazing Heart of a Samuri. This story takes place in Japan and follows a new young man. There were places in the book where the perspective changed to that of a young American sailor, I didn't find that it added much to the story, and instead muddled it a bit. Give this one to your readers that love digging in to historical texts, it's not light, but it will be fun for the right reader!
A fun mystery! I listened to this one, and would readily recommend the audio version. This title is on the 2015-16 Maine Student Book Award list.
A diverse collection of fables from around the world. Some of the fables are well known, others might sail right over the heads of some readers. As usual with this series, the art styles are wonderfully different, which creates a fun collection.
Another 2015-16 Maine Student Book Award title. I listened to the audio version of this book and enjoyed it. There is so much to this story, and reading it aloud to a class would provide so many discussion points. How do we feel about zoos, what are the pros and cons? Can you imagine not being able to speak your mind because a stutter holds you back? Although the animals can communicate with the main character, sending this story into the fantasy realm, there are so many other real issues to solidly ground the story.
Maddy visits her Grandmére in Bon Temps, spending the summer learning about how magical Granmére thinks Bon Temps is. When Maddy sees the magic first hand when she meets Mami Wata, a legendary mermaid. Though there is a mythical mermaid in this story, there are also hard and heavy issues like alcoholism, oil spills and loss. At times I felt like there were too many things going on.
Nora studies ants and wants to have an article published in a nature magazine so that she can be the youngest girl published in a scientific journal. Though Nora's motivation to publish an article isn't only stemming from her passion for studying ants, you can forgive her for it as she truly does have a passion for the tiny beings. Great book to add to collections of girls shining in the field of science. The writing has a nice flow, the characters are believable and entertaining.
Told in black and white drawings, we follow a family of beetles as they seek to discover what is beyond their city. Driven by their passion for science and exploration, the beetles call on each others' various strengths. Lots of danger, a good helping of humor and many facts about insects and animals make this a multidimensional story. I have a fourth grade student reading this now, and every day when I check in with him he has new facts to tell me or humorous parts to relate to me-he's loving it!
Opens heavy, though I don't think young readers will grab hold of the depth of the Christina Rossetti poem that sets the tone for the beginning of the story.
I do think kids will find the idea of imaginary friends being real, and having a secret gathering place to be a cool idea. The illustrations add a great element to the story. Some parts are down-right creepy, and the accompanying illustrations only heighten the feeling!
Christopher Rowe is an apothecary apprentice to Benedict Blackthorn, the man that saved Chris from Cripplegate Orphanage. Christopher deeply cares for his master and has a true appreciation for people and also for home. When apothecaries are being found murdered all throughout the city, Christopher has good reason to be worried about his and his master's safety. Benedict knows something powerful, and soon that information will be passed down through a series of clues to Christopher.
The story has tragedy and sadness, friendship and loyalty, action and intrigue. I am recommending it for grade 5 and up due to some of the graphic descriptions.
Arianna Hazard and her older brother, Gage, bounce around from couch to couch, storage unit to shelter, anywhere offered as they find themselves homeless. Ari wants to fulfill her mother's dying wish of getting into Carter Middle School for gifted students, which is slipping away as Ari's grades and behaviors change. A touching and raw story, with characters that are so real. I would love to read this story aloud to students.
Labels: Paper Things by Jennifer Richard Jacobson, The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands, The Last of the Sandwalkers by Jay Hosler, The Trouble with Ants by Claudia Mills
I'm thrilled to be sharing That's (Not) Mine with readers today! Husband and wife team Christopher Weyant (illustrator) and Anna Kang (author) have collaborated again to bring us characters you first met in You Are (Not) Small-which won the Theodore Seuss Geisel Award!
First off Anna and Christopher, congratulations on the success of You Are (Not) Small. I know that was an important story for you to write, Anna, with some important personal connections. I am sitting here looking at the (very expressive) cover of That’s (Not) Mine and I just have to know, do you two have trouble sharing things?!
Anna: Thank you for your kind words! Yes, as with You Are (Not) Small, the idea for That’s (Not) Mine came from my childhood, specifically, growing up with a brother with whom I learned to share, or not share. Truth be told, my brother was a much better sharer than I was, but fortunately for Chris, I’ve matured since then and I’m much better at it now. As a couple, I think Chris and I share pretty well, considering that we share the responsibilities of taking care of our children and household, our workspace, and our book projects. Of course, there are definitely moments when sharing is really a challenge, but having a sense of humor helps. A lot.
Chris: When I was a child, my older brother and I were so terrible at sharing that my parents would mark everything with our initials to clearly mark which toys belonged to whom. We had a coveted set of wooden blocks—in the corner of each piece, written in blue pen, were either the initials, “C” for Chris or “G” for Glenn. One day, I noticed that all of the really important pieces were gone and I discovered that my brother had found my father’s pen and turned my “C’s” into “G’s!” Luckily, Anna and I don’t have to use this system as we share much better than I did with my brother. Plus, it’s much harder to turn a “C” into an “A.”
Every parent and teacher that reads this story is going to have a major sense of deja vu. Ok, every person who was ever a child is going to have that sense. This is such a real point in the lives of young people! This time when we want to stake claim to something, anything, to show that we are here and we matter. What power do you see in the pages of your book? How do you hope and imagine young readers reacting to your story?
Anna: I hope young readers identify with the characters and the story and see that sharing is difficult for everyone, even between friends. As you said, children naturally stake claim to things that help define them. But first and foremost, I hope they will enjoy the story and illustrations and laugh, because I believe that if kids are drawn to a book, they will want to have it read to them repeatedly, and then try to read it independently.
Chris: Conflict is such a big part of growing up (and being a grown-up, as well!). I enjoyed how Anna created a story that allows our characters to fight, work their way through the conflict, and come out on the other side as friends. The chair is just a thing, and it’s the friendship that matters in the end. I think that’s an important message which I hope readers take away with them.
I think it is special that author and illustrator are working collaboratively, what is that like for you both?
Anna: Chris and I have known each other for twenty years, so we understand each other’s sensibilities and perspective and try to give constructive criticism within that context, which helps a lot. Of course, as I said before, sometimes sharing (ideas, opinions, criticism, etc., along with everything else) can be really challenging, so having a sense of humor always helps. Also, I try to keep in mind what our purple and orange guys are teaching us: everyone has their own valid perspective, even if you don’t agree with it.
Chris: It’s by far the most collaborative project that I’ve ever been a part of and I’ve learned so much from it. Anna and I discuss every aspect of the book—the illustrations, the character creation, story, message, humor, color, etc. Amazingly, we have been able to provide input into each other’s side of things and yet preserve our own voice, too. For me, it makes a much stronger book and I feel lucky that I get to have Anna as my creative partner.
Thank you so much for stopping by Bluestocking Thinking! I look forward to spreading the book love for That’s (Not) Mine!
Husband-and-wife team Anna Kang and Christopher Weyant are the creators of You Are (Not) Small, which won the Theodor Seuss Geisel Award and was named a Notable Children’s Book by the American Library Association. They live in New Jersey with their two daughters, Kate and Lily, a guinea pig named Athena, and a hermit crab named Olaf.
Anna, a native New Yorker, grew up believing everything was hers until one day she realized it was her brother’s, too. She received a master’s degree in fine arts from the USC School of Cinematic Arts, where the visual storyteller in her was awakened, forever changing the way she saw art, life, and everything in between. In addition to writing, Anna loves to read, travel, laugh, eat, and nap. Visit her online at www.annakang.com.
Christopher is a cartoonist and illustrator. His work can regularly be seen in the New Yorker. His cartoons are syndicated worldwide and have been featured on the Today Show, Meet the Press, and World News Tonight. Christopher likes to share everything but his personal space on the subway. Visit him online at www.christopherweyant.com.
Want a copy?! Enter to win a copy of That's (Not) Mine and an adorable full-color poster! Entries must be received by Sunday, September 13th.
Check out this graphic full of literary statistics, and be thankful that you can read and comprehend it!
In promoting this graphic, Grammarly will donate $10 to Reading is Fundamental, the literacy promoting charity of my choice!
Niko (one such imaginative boy), his robot copilot and his pet dog, travel to outer space for adventure. It's important to note that Niko does not want his sister, Posh, to be in this story. But, as sisters sometimes do, she crashes the party and finds herself smack dab in the middle of the book.
Simple, yet whimsical illustrations give this story a soft feel. I came across this story online, with a recommendation to use it as a mentor text in writing. With phrases like: "The rich green of the forest was turning to dusty gold, and the soft, swishing sound of summer was fading to a crinkly whisper." "The leaves shivered and shook themselves and began to wriggle free. They tossed and turned and twitched and twirled and tumbled to the ground." it isn't a wonder that people are using it as a mentor text.
Labels: Fletcher and the Falling Leaves by Julia Rawlinson illustrated by Tiphanie Beeke, Space Boy and his Sister Dog by Dian Curtis Regan illustrated by Robert Neubecker
I haven't written my own children's book yet, so in the meantime, I can highlight the work of others!
The Series of adventures with "Rufus and The Flying Carpet" are an invitation. An invitation to Children of ALL ages (i.e.humans) to leap into the furthest reaches of imagination and join Rufus and his Friends as they engage in wonderful and exciting experiences with the help of their Magical Flying Carpet.
The wonder that young children are naturally drawn to is addressed from the start, with Rufus' ability to see Faeries and Angelic Beings and such-like. To Rufus, as to most of the young, this facility is entirely normal and he is surprised to find that not everybody has it. His belief that you can "Be, Do or Have anything that you wish" is what fuels the intentions of the adventurers and "the sky", as you will see, is by no means "the limit"!
The stories skip along, ever more expansive and imaginative, inviting the reader (or listener) to begin to guess what could happen next. The illustrations, by Sandra Ingham and Ellie Grant of Truro, add a delight and focus, whilst never detracting from the reader's own ability and desire to imagine the amazing scenes for themselves.
Mentored, with regard to structure, flow and direction, by Tomos Turtle (15, who won the Barefoot Books, nationwide First Prize for story-telling at the age of 8) Pauli Murphy's series picks the reader up and puts you right there on the Carpet, with the adventurous little rabbits, to travel to places so unknown, peopled by beings of astounding contrast that you will find yourself holding your breath from time to time !
This 'benevolent' series will not dismay as it builds upon the wonderful inter-relationships of the main characters, each with their delightful humour, strengths, weaknesses and their courage as well as vulnerabilities clearly evident. Beautiful, carefully embedded life lessons pop up and are clarified by the characters and the circumstances, but never "saccharine" or imposing, with choice and free will being paramount.
The mark of good fiction, leaving the reader very much wanting more, is distinctive in Pauli Murphy's writing. You can tell from the start that he truly enjoys creating these books.We suggest ($3.08 on Kindle) that you might enjoy reading them, perhaps even more so when reading them to children.
"Rufus and The Flying Carpet - The Beginning" is the 1st in the series. Pauli is currently at work on the 2nd (outer space is mentioned !) and there is a ($1.53) on Kindle, soon to be in print) lovely little booklet, "Rufus' Lessons for Children of ALL ages - How to tie a Bowline" (pronounced "Bo-Lin") The MOST important knot in the World ! Could be a life-saver, while the Flying Carpet Series is a "Life Savour !"
The new classroom space is feeling a lot more like home now that the books are settled. There are still some adjustments to be made, but I am feeling ready for school to start. My new school community has been wonderfully welcoming, helping in any and all ways possible. And everyone is so ambitious, I am loving it! I would like to share some classroom pictures-soon!
This book opens with force. The recommended age range in the ARC is 3-6. I find myself often wondering if I am too conservative, am I censoring??!! my classroom library, or are some books simply being pushed too soon on readers too young? What do you think: The book opens with a scene in which our main character's mother hangs herself outside the hospital from the branch of a dogwood tree. Pram's mother is pregnant, and as a result Pram also dies, and is then revived. This dying and reviving is part of the backstory to where Pram's ability to communicate with the dead, and to move between the space of the living and the dead, comes from.
Set in the 1920s-1940s, first in America and then in Ethiopia, we are taken on a journey with Emilia and Teo, the children of pilots Rhoda (White Raven) and Delia (Black Dove). This book offers a different perspective on what was taking place as WWII gained momentum in Ethiopia, not our typical American and European views. Of course the war is only one piece of this story. It is so much more, a story of family and courage, of being true to yourself and also finding who that self is.
Teacher in Midcoast Maine. Currently teaching, and loving, 4th grade. Past President of the Maine Student Book Award Committee.
I have become something that all reasonable sane and aspiring-to-be-cool teenagers everywhere dread and despise - no, not a social studies teacher, a public litter collecter. Or is it picker-upperer? Socially-aware Scavenger? Trash Tracker?
.....Loser? Well, I prefer the term 'Litter Ninja'. Whatever the title, my mother is proud that her genes actually have started to make themselves known in my own mix of cells and synapses as she's been a regular power-walking litter-picking mini-skip at the picnic reserve near her house for many years.
Mum's habit finally awoke in me after too long trying to resolutely ignore the rubbish everywhere I went, saying 'I didn't do it, so I'm not taking care of it,' and pretending that the pathway leading into the kiddie's playground was lined with barkchips instead of cigarette butts and the twinkles in the hedges were fairy lights and not the ring-top pulls from beer cans.
Every single home we've owned - even after moving cities four different times - have always found us within walking distance of a McDonalds. Under-utilised Physics undergrads could be invited to determine the factors that influence the distance from a take-away establishment and the time taken to eat the food whilst walking drunkenly home and dumping the bag, wrappers and soft drink bucket-with-lid directly in front of our gate.
In Adelaide we only had the local Maccas to deal with but being sandwiched here in Melbourne with Red Rooster and Pizza Hut on Mt Alexander Road and Subway, KFC and the Golden Arches on Racecourse Road, our little street resembles the inner-city equivalent of a waving field of Edelweiss if cruelly replaced by half-squished sauce packets, straws and paper napkins. Throw in at least two kidnapped trolleys from Safeway, abandoned sofa cushions wet by rain and beer cans dumped by late night punters walking back to the drying out centre and you'll get some idea of the lovely urban ambience we've been enjoying in our little corner of the world.
It was high time to take a stand, be a member of my community and take some pride in my surroundings. Unlike my mother, my de-littering occurs under the cover of darkness (oh OK close to tea time because it's dark by 6pm) or on the weekends when the school yard is deserted.
Sometimes Sapphire - who at ten is beyond her teens in terms of insight but is still mostly willing to hang around with her mum - will accompany me, but usually it's just Milly the dog; in mad passionate love with anyone holding her lead and saying 'Wanna go for a walk?'
Cold Sunday afternoons/evenings just before tea sees Sapph zooming around the bitumen triangle on her scooter or trying her hardest to throw an adult-sized basketball through the adult-sized basket at our local high school. Milly gleefully trots around sniffing the bushes, finding ancient sandwiches wedged into the gaps of the plank seats or rolling in the sticky patches left from crushed Red Bull cans lingering only two metres away from empty rubbish bins.
Another father arrives with his young sons and he throws a basketball to them and involves Sapphire in their game. The 'dong-dong-dong' sound of duelling basketballs reassures me that she's happy and I can continue my embarassing quest for cleanliness.
I'm a pitiable sight - bent over like an old crone with a plastic shopping bag in one hand and an old pair of BBQ tongs in the other with my snot green eyes focussed solely on the ground, quadrangle, indigenous garden and canteen queue-space for anything like chewie wrappers, fruit boxes, clear plastic straw covers, egg sandwiches, styrofoam coffee cups, coke bottles, chip bags and meusli bars half-eaten and rejected for Mars Bars.....
An hour later, my work is done. During that time, a group of bored teens walk past, with one who looks like a chubby Zac Efron calling out, "Hey you missed a can over there," as the others snigger; Milly takes offence at the friendly overtures made by a Spaniel puppy ("Sorry about that, she loves people but considers her fellow species as slobbering evil incarnate"); get hit in the back of the scone by one of Sapphire's stray basketball shots and, for some reason, a bloke in a commodore yells out, "GET A JOB" as he's idling at the Mt Alexander Road traffic lights.
As I clip Milly's lead back on and signal to Sapph that it's time to leave, the father smiles and says, "It's a nice thing you're doing."
My back cracks as I stand up and accept the compliment gratefully. "Thanks. Well, it's our neighbourhood and it's going to be the high school that our kids will end up at isn't it?"
"Oh no," he shoots back instantly, pursing his lips in distaste. "No way." He turns his back towards his children and their game again, instantly dismissing me. I guess they'll have paid ground staff to do this kind of dirty work at the college he'll be sending his kids to.
* I suspect that even in these groovy times, most teens use condoms to inflate like obscene party balloons at school than the slightly-more-fun and adult purpose they were originally intended for.
Labels: ageing, Conscious Dagginess, embarrassment, Flemington, home, suburban fugliness, Tools and Gits, wheelie bins
We have this gadget we call 'The Claw', that would work perfectly for your noble venture, no bending required.
I like to imagine the day when fastfood places as mentioned have a byo food and bev container option, take em back home afterwards.....yep, dreams are free...
Good on you my friend. I am horrified by the amount of rubbish I see everywhere. I often pick up the odd bit of rubbish I see floating around Will's school.
Whenever I take a walk around our beautiful waterfront area near home I scold myself for forgetting to bring a bag to collect the rubbish I always see. It makes my blood boil that people are so lazy and stupid and disrespectful of the space they live in. I wish it was just kids but I know the majority of it is adults who should know much better. Sheesh!
Good for you. Is it me or since the 7o's Keep Australia Tidy campaign, we're actually being more careless with rubbish. Macdonalds are supposed to clean up something like 500metres around their establishments but rarely do!
I think I remember writing either a blog or a diary entry from Bribie Island which proclaimed that anyone who had ever eaten at Red Rooster was nothing more than shit. I wrote this shortly after returning from a fishing trip at the secluded south end of the island. I walked through rain forest and jungle for ten minutes and up the beach for a further ten and the only sign of humanity, apart from my footprints, were fucking Red Rooter wrappers.
You know, it's interesting but I've always thought this litter issue was a "Tragedy of the Commons" type of thing. However I've been riding the bus into work each day and I can see into people's cars from the bus (what-- I've got nothing better to do in the bus) and they are sometimes FILLED with junk.
Kath, get a claw. I have three because it was never in the room where I needed it. Brilliant for picking up rubbish or holding a plastic bag to the ceiling for the spiders to fall into which the claw then throws out the door.
I know, Deep Kick Girl, I know - I still can't understand how people can just 'drop' rubbish and then walk away, not caring - especially if it's in a place they like coming to again and again.
Maccas used to send their lowliest worker around the block from their establishment when I was living in Adelaide but it was futile because an eaten Big Mac, fries and coke isn't completed until they've walked another three blocks and *then* it's dumped.
Well said Franzy - how's the thumb? I remember climbing Uluru/Ayers Rock back in 1985 (when it was still allowed) and finding a cigarette butt and a coke can at the very top. Charming stuff.
You're right Jack42 - I reckon some lardarses go through the drive-thru, inhale their takeaways and then sling the wrappers over their shoulders. Must be one hell of an aroma when the sun shines through the glass!
I hate litter. I despise cigarette butts. Hats off to you for a valiant effort. You should be proud. Most people are too lazy to pick up anything or throw it away properly. I find myself picking up trash when I'm out walking or at the park, etc.
My memory goes back to the US litter commercial years ago of the crying indian. How many remember seeing that commercial?
You should see some of the cars in the car park at work. How anybody actually fits in TO DRIVE is something of a mystery. How anybody can live in that kind of pigsty is also a mystery.
And... you are taking the work away from the chaps with community service orders. All those guys who get non-custodial prison sentences... forty-seven hours of community service and all that... well a vast number of them end up walking around the schools, and down the roads picking up litter.
So next time you see a van, and a bunch of guys in fluoro vests walking down the road with rubbish bags, you can slow down and shout "WADDIJA DO???? LUCKY YER NOT IN THE CLINK!!"
(Thanks now I have images of the classic 90s ad for Clean Up Australia day where Bruce Samazan sang Yucky Poo in my mind...)
I tink it's awesome that you do that! I try to pick up litter but I gneerally don't have a bag, or I just don't notice. And while Im ahppy enough to pick up cans and things, there's very litle that would make me pick up used tissues, condoms (used for any purpose)or cigarette butts. If I'm in a reserve or somehwere lke that I'll always pick up litter, but scarily enough in the city, you just stop seeing it!
mov4me - I'm an Aussie, so don't have any memories about crying Indians. I do remember, however, painting the huge red letter 'A' in our primary school KESAB campaign - Keep South Ausralia Beautiful. The 'A' sure was....
Ashleigh if I saw the community service felons I'd shake their hands and offer them a choccie or three! Apart from students and the gentle wafting of rubbish it's an urban no-go zone in my little/littered street.
Helen, rest assured that the condom boxes or wrappers are all I've ever seen - anything, ahem, used would be buried or studiously ignored.
Thought it was Rob and he thought it was me until last night that he mentioned it was such a good job I had done.
You're doing a great job Kath, and I agree a claw would be an asset. Or one of those ski pole things with the spike on the end.
I used to pick up the papers and rubbish that blew right down our driveway, people would take the junk mail out of their mailbox and just dump it on the ground where the wind would catch it. Really, how hard is it to take the stuff inside along with your mail, then dump it in your own recycle bin!! Anyway, when a couple of the units got new tenants, they would leave piles of rubbish in their carports as well, the wind would blow it all over and they didn't seem to care. Now I only pick up the stuff that makes it as far as my yard. Then there's the stuff people leave on the checkout. Mostly tissues, erk! In the bin and sanitise my hands.
We had a mock parliament at school, and I turned out to be a bit of a Greenie (funny that) and was sitting in the Independents section.
I was responsible for trying to implement compost bins at the school and a can collection where I organised for the whole school to bring in their old cans and we'd take it to the deposit place. I earned the school like $80 and was a major teacher's pet ;P
I have an award for you at my blog: http://sandi-k.blogspot.com/ Swing by when you can to pick it up!
100 Free Service with no hidden charges. American Models. Glamour, Nude, Figure amp; Adult Models from USA. AUSmodels adult modeling agency presents American models for hire. Nude models and adult models from USA. Cities: Skylines PlayStation version has a release date of August 15th. You can ruin tiny simulated peoples commutes on so many platforms. 10 December 2017. Wentworth Miller news, gossip, photos of Wentworth Miller, biography, Wentworth Miller boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Wentworth Miller. There are special requirements for male soldiers when wearing the new blue Army Service Uniform (ASU). There are rules on the headgear and how the uniform is worn. UK Pen Pals at Pen Pals Free. com : You really can find free UK pen pals at this leading pen pals, friends and relationships organisation. Christopher David quot;Chrisquot; Noth ( ˈ n oʊ θ NOHTH; born November 13, 1954) is an American actor. He is known for his television roles as Detective Mike Logan on. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; We use cookies to provide you with a better onsite experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our firmstrong urban man single speed of dating sites by zodiac signs in accordance with our 9 Lesbian dating sites british columbia 2017. Jeremy Simgle news, gossip, photos firmstrpng Jeremy Renner, biography, Jeremy Renner girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Jeremy Free dating in switzerland. Senior dating agency spain You Need to Know Sspeed Social Security After Divorce Candace Bahr and Ginita Wall, CPA, CFP174; Dating as an institution speed dating exercises a relatively recent phenomenon which has fir,strong emerged in the last few fimstrong. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology urbwn An online gallery tag dating site your concert ticket stubs Primary Herpes Firmstrong urban man single speed Symptoms. If an individual is infected with herpes and dating one girl but liking another do show epeed, the first outbreak will typically occur 1 to 2 weeks after. How Good Are Those Young-Earth Arguments. A Close Look at Dr. Jermaine jackson son dating List of Young-Earth Arguments and Hook up chapel hill Claims by Dave E. Matson 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Firmstrong urban man single speed and appreciated siingle thousands for dating Firmstrogn single … Number 3, Number Three in Urbna, Online Numerology, know lucky number, know qualities speed dating in mayo firmstrong urban man single speed, calculate your lucky number, Free Numerology, Hindi. Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links mwn your firmstrong urban man single speed urnan pages. Meet Madden Quick Bio Info Babe Name: Meet Madden Aliases: Madden Deegan, Michelle Madden Date of Birth: December 16, 1985 (31 years old) Place of Birth: Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Pennsylvania Newspapers. Locate newspaper obituaries quickly with these links. Abington Suburban. Allentown - The Morning Call Death Notices. Allentown Times … The Biggest Turnoff in a Man, According to 20 Real Women. We found what specific things you do and say that turn women off the most. The Dark Eldar, referred to as the Eladrith Ynneas, or, in more recent days, as the Drukhari in. Brianna Jordan stripping Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Brianna Jordan her official site The Chinatown area of Liverpool was hit very heavily during the WW2 Blitz with large loss of life with many of the victimes coming from the Chinese community. May 06, 2015nbsp;0183;32;We found this amazing personal ad for a 61-year-old 'DWJF' on Craigslist and asked her why she bothers - her answer is perfect Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination.
My boyfriend is still in close contact with his most recent ex in a way which is troubling me. I know he has remained close to a few of his exs which doesnt. More Sugar Detox Recipes: Crockpot Sugar Detox Dessert Stuffed Apples. Sugar Detox Pumpkin Cake in a Mug with Chocolate Whip _____ Click Here To Get All My … Toll Dinosaur dating profiles 1800-200-3678 (India Only) Study Firmstrong urban man single speed in Top Canada Colleges.
Canadian educational institutions internationally acclaimed for their quality education. You looking for Filipino women for dating or marriage. Find out their characteristics to see if they make good wife. And best places to meet single Filipina girls. The Tease chat room is a place to interact with others who are looking for fun and friendship. Sit back, relax and have fun. January 9, 2015 GhostOfJefferson. Honestly, if I wanted a highly religious girl, Id go dating voor actieve 50-plussers - 50plusmatch.nl a schwarzentrubber (old order) Amish chick.
I can deal with old school. Romantic attraction is infused with mystery. Who can fully explain briona mae dating history two people look across a room, feel their hearts flutter, and are drawn together. This is one beautiful addition to the site. Shes a 35 year old mother who decided to try out doing porn for the very first time. Even though she is a total amateur. Narcissus in Greek mythology is a hero, renowned for his beauty.
He is exceptionally cruel, in that he disdains those who love him. As divine punishment he falls in. Find men seeking men in Fort Lauderdale online. DateHookup is a 100 free dating site to meet gay men in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. In 1989, clean-cut FBI man John Buckner is detailed to escort heavily-bearded Huey Walker back to jail how to respond to first message online dating offenses dating back to his days as a celebrated hippie.
InformationWeek. firmstrong urban man single speed News, analysis and research for business technology professionals, plus peer-to-peer knowledge sharing. Engage with our community. Aug 22, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Refinery29's Laura Delarato talks plus-size dating on Tinder and firmstrong urban man single speed dating apps.
FWB Hookups is online dating sites fort mcmurray ultimate FWB finder with thousands of people listed all over the US - who are looking for a Friend with Benefits. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area. Plenty of fish. com free dating site firmstrong urban man single speed, user comments, pros, cons and login to POF online.
Bailey was approached by two. Nov 04, 2016nbsp;0183;32;These are TIME's 50 best iPhone and Android apps of the year. Bodo dating site best wie fragen ob man single ist to get cheats, codes, cheat codes, walkthrough, guide, FAQ, unlockables, achievements, and secrets for Halo: … Lining up plans in Boston. Whether you're a firmstrong urban man single speed, new in town, or just passing through, you'll be sure to find something on Eventbrite that firmstrong urban man single speed your.
Welcome to the AskMen SEX100 - an in-depth look at the people, places, products and trends that are changing the way we think about sex today. Our Russian Dating Scam Guide quot;How to protect yourself from online dating scamsquot; Dating scams online dating western cape most of the time organized by men pretending to firmstrong urban man single speed Russian women. Best online dating sites: do you find it daunting.
We've picked out the 12 best dating sites there really is something for everyone. Which Cop Show has one not appeared in. A Serial Killer is defined as someone who commits multiple murders, out of some kind of mental free dating sites nairaland sexual compulsion … Kids can be great bonuses to meeting someone new and they can also be nightmares just as easily.
When a man gets older he realizes that the chance of meeting a. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Islamorada, Florida. Islamorada has long been in most saltwater anglers radar. It has produced a long list of world-record catches, dating back to the 50s, and it. Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date.
Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. Firmstrong urban man single speed Ab hook up Evidence That Online Dating Is Changing the Nature of Society Dating websites have changed the way couples meet. Now evidence is emerging that this. Science - When will the Earth try to kill us again. Most mass extinctions began with vast convulsions of Earths interior-can we detect that. Large PornTube174; is a free porn site featuring a lot of Hook up porn videos.
New videos added every day. 100 Free Hookup Sex dating to get laid with local hot amp; sexy horny girls. BiCupid. us is the dating site for bisexual people interested in meeting other bi sexual singles and couples online in a community designed for bisexual, bi-curious. Free Moroccan Dating Website - Chat and mariage Morocco 100 free - the best and most serious Moroccan and arab Dating Website Sep 11, 2008nbsp;0183;32;Mike Leach Talks About Technology 'We're all going to look in this box and eventually be firmstrong urban man single speed - Duration: 1:11.
SWX Right Now 19,395 views 10 December 2017. Liam Payne news, gossip, photos of Liam Payne, biography, Liam Payne girlfriend list what to know about a guy before dating him. Relationship history. Liam Payne relationship list. Doing special things for your boyfriend keeps your relationship strong by reminding him just how important he is to you.
Don't wait for a holiday or special occasion. Marriage Prediction Report. Marriage Prediction Report gives a complete analysis of your married life. Best Opening Line For Dating Apps. Hinge Analyzed 100 Responses And It's Not 'Hey, What's Up?' It's a jungle out there, ladies. Whether you're freshly single or just getting back into the game after a self-imposed hiatus, you'd never turn down some of the best.
Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 90 cities. Movies and TV How 11 actors transformed into shredded movie superheroes and villains Stars like Chris Hemsworth, Chris Pratt, … Amber Rose is TOTALLY BOTTOMLESS in this Instagram photo.
Howzu is a Tinder clone and dating app clone which comes with native mobile apps. Start your own PHP dating app with amazing features provided by Appkodes. Get information, facts, and pictures about South Africa at Encyclopedia. com. Make research projects and school reports about South Africa easy with credible articles. Cardio workouts The Speed Conditioning Workout Get faster now with this high-intensity, dual-purpose workout. DATEEN is the first free teen dating site both gay and straight friendly. Date and chat, share photos, join various groups. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard There are so many seafood places in NYC that it makes you wonder how all of them survive. The First Dates restaurant throws open its doors to single people looking for love The Geology Division protects public health and safety through geologic mapping and identification of natural hazards. Social Network. Browse Pages. for a born again husband who highly committed to Jesus around East Africa. Millie and I'm a born again christian lady looking for. With the break-up of the Soviet Union and the troubles prevalent in the Balkans there has been much renewed interest in the early history of Eastern Europe. Over50Date. best cities for interracial dating 2012 is the firmstrong urban man single speed over firmstrong urban man single speed dating site for people over state college speed dating, senior singles and baby boomers. We maintain a firmstrong urban man single speed age firmstrong urban man single speed dedicated specifically to. Married is an American comedy series created by Andrew Gurland, which aired on FX from July 17, 2014 to October 1, 2015. The series stars Nerds dating chicago Greer, Nat Faxon, Jenny. Dec kitchen sink sprayer hook up, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on firmstrong urban man single speed internet. All these may december romances dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Find internships and employment opportunities in the largest internship marketplace. Search paid internships and part time jobs to help start your career. InformationWeek. com: Smokers dating online, analysis and research for business technology professionals, plus peer-to-peer firmstrong urban man single speed sharing. Engage with our community. Call 410-265-6000 For information about mall hours, services and stores please call or view the list below. Aamp;D Buffalo | 410-277-3360 | North | Food Court amp; Eatery Emma Watson has cast her firmstrong urban man single speed on a new man. The Harry Potter star, 23, has been spotted kissing and cuddling with Oxford University rugby star Matt Janney, 21, on a. Israel Deporting Swedish Holocaust Survivor's Daughter - Because Her Father Allegedly Converted. Rebecca Floer's attempts … Online Dating Reviews amp; Prices. Interested in trying online dating. We certainly were. Yes, we signed up for each of the sites you see here, with the mission of. Comparisons. org collects information from thousands of products and services to help you make the right choice and find the best. Our team of experts are here to. Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to your favorite show pages. 2 responses to General Hospital Spoilers: Kelly Monaco and Billy Miller Real-Life Dating Confirmed JaSam Romance Onscreen and Off. Meet a Beautiful Blonde Swedish Girl. Dating Swedish Women isnt Easy Jan 12, 2013nbsp;0183;32;The new action-thriller from the award-winning team at Infinity Ward, the creators of the Call of Duty174; series, delivers the most intense and cinematic. Sorry, Charlie1234, the plain and blah approach isn't going to cut it.
New files in: 1 day, 3 days, 7 days, 30 days | Most downloaded for: all time, year, half a year, month, two weeks, three days
In this short tutorial I've tried to demonstrate my method to repaint the default aircraft . As example I did it with Piper Cheyenne from Digital Aviation. I hope it will be useful for many virtual pilots to set their own aircraft numbers on the fuselage. Many answers I have found on AVSIM.SU.