Disclaimer : There might be slight variations in color due to lighting effect while taking the photo.
I increased 3 inches in 10 weeks. Though they say that the product has to be used at least for 3 months, I saw visible results much before. When they guarantee results, they actually mean it. I feel more motivated in everything I do now. I feel confident and life is good. Discovering Hashmi Mart was the best thing that ever happened to me. The growth was even and proportionate and I did not end up feeling anything but completely normal and natural.
Life already has so much stress, add it to the stress of lovemaking and you have yourself a complete disaster. I found myself disinterested in sex and it was hurting my self confidence. Now, in 6 weeks, I no longer have nightfall. I feel much stronger now. Self confidence is coming back again too.
Even if you get ahead in the corporate world, it does not guarantee personal satisfaction. I recently discovered, it was the love of a good woman that would indeed guarantee it. So I tried Hashmimart's penis enlargement Sikander e Azam Capsule and got exactly what I needed. Now I have success in my professional life and the love of a good woman in my personal life.
Facing criminal charges is a scary experience. Many people feel completely out of their element and don’t know how to proceed. The good news is that you don’t have to fight your case on your own. Professional, knowledgeable defense lawyers in Palm Harbor are ready to help. The sooner you hire a lawyer, the more likely you are to get a favorable outcome and protection of your rights. Don’t put off the decision. Get the assistance that you need as soon as possible.
Laws vary in different cities and counties all across Florida. Even when you don’t end up serving jail time, your charges can still have severe penalties that attach negative information to your record. You’ll get peace of mind knowing that your defense attorney has extensive experience with the local Palm Harbor laws and can use them to fight for your rights. Many of our criminal lawyers have gone through court proceedings at the same courthouses with the same judges and prosecutors time and time again.
During an initial meeting with a criminal attorney, you’ll be expected to share your side of the story. Be forthcoming and candid as you share information. The more details the lawyer has, the better the defense. Keep in mind that our Palm Harbor lawyers keep all sensitive client information confidential. They never share details about a case with people who aren’t directly involved in it.
The first step that you can take toward a strong defense and consequently, a favorable outcome, is hiring an aggressive lawyer. Once you have hired someone, make the effort to assist him or her in the following ways:
Keep in mind that sometimes the proceedings will take longer than planned and as such, be patient when the case is moving slowly
When you have criminal charges on your record, you can compromise your future higher education opportunities, potential job positions, and community standing. Don’t put your future or the future of your close family members in jeopardy. Take the initiative to get the help that you need from an experienced Palm Harbor defense lawyer today.
Laura and I work together running Coworkation Spain. Besides of it both have other projects we work separately working remotely. Laura is also leading the Swedish startup Pindify, a marketplace for the arts and media and she is a single mother of 2 teenagers. Myself is working for SocialWorkplaces, …
CONDITION : Overall the card is in near excellent condition. There are some marks and scratches on the front and the back.
Currently, the literature and published articles are busy describing the needs and wants of the future customer and how companies should prepare for the one-to-one, on-demand, all access, modular-priced product expectations from the customers. And yes, customers’ expectations are changing, their demands are increasing and companies must react to this in any way possible to secure future success – or even just survival
What I don’t see so much are similar concerns about the change in the companies’ workforces. Your colleagues are customers too, so these are the very people that disrupts the markets and driving profound changes in the way companies create their future products and services. But internal disruption is not as high on the management agenda – at least not in the MENA region
It’s fair to assume that the very people expecting all-in, all-on, do-it-yourself products have similar needs and wants for their workplace – if you demand full service and product flexibility outside your work, the same needs and expectations are prevalent when you’re at work. Here they’re just not catered for, because you’re not a customer
But changing the internal work environment has historically proven to be much harder than changing the way customers buy products and receives services. However, it’s about time to understand and accept that these internal changes are necessary to really meet the customers’ expectations in the future. If you want your customers to experience a new world of exquisite service and product offerings, your workforce must be enabled to deliver on this, too
This is harder, as managers don’t feel the same compelling need to change as the case is for the customers. But it’s a change that must happen – if not immediately, then gradually. If the employees are not tuned to mirror the changes in customers’ expectations, I don’t see how the company will be capable of delivering a truly new and exciting customer experience
Customer-fronting flexibility in service and product development requires a similar flexibility from the organization and the employees – a company cannot be flexible and accommodating in real-time if the employees are not in a situation to act immediately (and extensively) on customers’ demands. And this flexibility goes all the way, front front-line employees to product development, operations and finance. They are all interconnected and a vital part of delivering a cohesive, complete customer experience
Easy to write, hard to do. I know. But that’s not an excuse for not initiating the required change processes. Begin bite-sized. Identify areas with big impact and little internal change; authority levels, office timings, increase of horizontal responsibilities (so the employee ‘own’ a larger share of the customer journey) etc. Just make sure to begin
So, you’ve reviewed this site, smartly shopped our store and have made your ceramic purchase decision. Well done, but you’re not completely done.
Allow us to offer two more words of advice: be prepared. Get ready for the day your new ceramic flooring will arrive for installation.
Being prepared and involved will help insure that the installation process is done smoothly and efficiently, and, hopefully, eliminate expressions of “I wish I’d asked about…”.
To that point, we’ve built this section around many of the things you should be aware of, plan ahead about, and carefully consider.
We strongly recommend you call upon a reliable, seasoned, dedicated professional to install your ceramic floor. That way you can be assured of a beautiful, efficient and correct installation.
However, while installing ceramic tile flooring is a skill that is developed through years of experience, your understanding of the basics of installation will increase your knowledge of the process and enhance your confidence in the professionals working in your home.
Ceramic tile installers are craftsman with age-old skills. Expertise has been handed down from one generation to the next over dozens of centuries.
Over the years, new methods and materials have been introduced, but tile setting remains the same hand-operated, labor-intensive process that it has been since ancient times.
Common materials used as tile substrates in home installations include concrete, plywood, and drywall.
Each substrate has its own unique set of issues, yours included, and is prepared according to industry and manufacturer guidelines. So you can rest assured it’s done to recognized standards.
The first step in your ceramic tile installation involves the cleaning of the substrate. Dirt, moisture, and oil can interfere with the adhesion of the tile, so care is taken to remove all foreign debris prior to beginning.
Next the installers will level the surface of the substrate. Why is this step necessary? It’s to provide a strong support base for the tile, and to ensure that the individual tiles will appear flat when installed.
Flat, obviously, is the goal. If the substrate is not level or flat, the result could be tiles not being set correctly that can cause chipping or cracking when weight is applied.
Once the substrate has been leveled it may have a waterproofing layer applied to it. This is important in installations where the tile is frequently exposed to moisture, like kitchens, bathrooms, and exteriors.
In this method, a thick layer of mortar was applied to a waterproofed and steel reinforced substrate.
The thickset method is effective, but it’s an involved and labor-intensive process. An alternative method was searched for – and found.
Today, many tile installers have opted for the industry accepted and more efficient thin set method, where the tile is adhered directly onto a backer board that is nailed to a plywood or concrete substrate using a much thinner layer of mortar.
This backer board is called a CBU, or cement backer unit, which provides a supportive and water resistant layer between the porous substrate and the mortar and tile applied on top of it.
This plan shows the dimensions of each room, and will help determine the amount of ceramic tile and other materials needed for the installation.
The installer will use this plan to estimate the amount of product needed, and to anticipate any installation issues that may be caused by architectural features like stairs, transitions, and cabinets.
The installers will also use the layout plan to determine the pattern and orientation of the installed tile.
Another row or column is then added perpendicular to the first, forming the shape of a ‘T’, giving the installer a starting point for their tile setting.
Once the installer has determined the correct layout, the next step is to apply the adhesive mortar to the substrate.
Once the tiled floor has been set into place and left to fully cure, usually 12 to 24 hours, the grout is applied.
Sanded grout is commonly used for grout joints that are wider than 1/8th of an inch. This type of grout joint is typically used with floor tile because it helps strengthen tile joint and it will not sag after it is cured.
Unsanded grout is used with narrow grout joints typically found with wall tile and many natural stone installations.
This ensures that the tiles won’t shift or become loose before the adhesive thinset mortar and grout have a chance to set.
In some installations the tile may be mopped daily for several days to prevent the grout from cracking, pulling moisture from the underlying mortar, or curing unevenly.
Remove all furniture and other objects and materials from the areas where the installation will take place. Some installers will move your furniture, but there may be an additional charge for doing so.
Be aware that the area of installation must be climate controlled (heated or air conditioned). Indoor humidity should be maintained between 45-65%.
Please consider how your old floor covering will be taken up and disposed of. We recommend that you check with us about the cost and the method of disposal.
If you prefer to remove your present floor covering, do it at least one day prior to installation to allow for cleanup and floor preparation. If removing old carpet, please leave tack strips in place and pull the staples out of the floor from the original pad.
In many cases, moldings and baseboards need to be removed for installation. Your installer may do this but at an additional charge and they will probably not be responsible for damage or breakage due to dry or brittle wood.
Painted baseboards, woodwork and paint may need retouching after the installation is complete. If necessary, this is your responsibility.
Your existing subfloor may need to be prepared to receive the ceramic, or a new subfloor may be required. We suggest you discuss this with us and, if subfloor work is necessary, that it be done by qualified professionals. It is important that the subfloor be as clean and level as possible.
When your new floor is installed, there’s always the possibility that the doors, especially closet, basement and bedroom doors, may not clear the new floor and swing free.
Some installers will remove doors in order to install the new floor and re-hang them if possible. They probably won’t shave or cut down doors to insure clearance. You should check with us as to their policy and the cost. You may need to arrange for a qualified carpenter to provide this service after the installation of your new floor.
Usually these materials are collected by your installer and left at your trash collection site. Check with us before the day of installation so you’re clear about the clean up, if there are added costs to do so, and ask about the plan for remnants.
Be prepared to be at home the day of installation and be available in case the installation crew has questions. Your presence will insure that the correct ceramic is installed in the right areas. Because it is difficult to estimate the length and circumstances of each job, some installers may not be able to give you an exact time of arrival. We suggest you be flexible and keep in touch with us.
Your installers will use a variety of tools and techniques that can make the work area hazardous. Please make sure that your children and pets are kept out of the work area on installation day.
We recommend that, prior to the completion of the installation, you walk through the job with the chief installer. This will give you the opportunity to ask questions and be clear on any final details.
If you are sensitive to dust and odors, good ventilation should be established for 48 to 72 hours after installation.
When it comes to preparing for your ceramic tile installation, we want you to know. Know all about the steps to take and the issues to consider. That way, installation day is a positive experience and the first of many days of enjoying your beautiful ceramic tile.
All content and images are the property of Creating Your Space and may not be reproduced or used in any way without the written consent of the owner.
Mass Mediated Disease focuses on the Spanish influenza pandemic of 1918, the Asian influenza pandemic of 1957, and the Hong Kong influenza pandemic of 1968, by discussing news stories reported by the New York Times, London Times, and other popular magazines. This groundbreaking work demonstrates that the social construction of influenza changed over time, which was reflected by the mass media, and ultimately resulted in public policies that clearly illustrate the link between media and policy formation in the United States.
Mass Mediated Disease focuses on the Spanish influenza pandemic of 1918, the Asian influenza pandemic of 1957, and the Hong Kong influenza pandemic of 1968, by discussing news stories reported by the New York Times, London Times, and other popular magazines. This groundbreaking work demonstrates that the social construction of influenza changed over time, which was reflected by the mass media, and ultimately resulted in public policies that clearly illustrate the… (more)
Assessing the relationship between nurses' quality of work life and their intention to leave the nursing profession
Effect of implementation staff development program based on evidences for supervisors on nurses, practice
Relationship between nurse managers’ emotional intelligence and their transformational leadership styles
The effect of participatory supervision program for nurses on patients’ satisfaction in medical- surgical wards
Assessing patient safety events and it’s correlation with nurse - physician interaction from nurses’ view
Effectiveness of lecture method on nurses’ learning levels in nursing education in nuclear accidents
The relationship between spirituality, organizational commitment and general health with job performance of clinical nurses
The nursing students’ motivational profile and its relationship to their academic achievement:A person-oriented approach
Manuel Magnani, a young Italian man from Rome, with a passion for travel and geography, embarked on a journey of self-discovery in the United States in 1993.
At his first job at the Epcot Center in Orlando, Florida, he developed a newfound love of wine which changed his life forever. After a few years of focus in the Wine Industry, his knowledge and confidence thrived, and he started his own Import Company in 2004, called Sunrise Wines.
He is a humble businessman who tirelessly works daily to share his distinctive wines of quality. His approach to life is pure and organic with love for people. Thus, his imported wines reflect the same essence of his life. The wines come from small, boutique wineries run by people that Manuel knows personally and share his same passion for life and wine.
Sunrise Wines is headquartered in Raleigh, NC, serving the state with his delicious, heartfelt wines.
Over the first weekend in November, King Island can look forward to a big weekend of golf! The King Island Open, a 36 hole event for men and lady golfers.
Positioned on the Golf Links, the 4 star motel has rooms to gaze over the links, while the restaurant & bar has a breathtaking endless ocean vista.
Visitors to the island are most welcome to play on the course.When the clubhouse is NOT open club hire and green fees can be arranged through King Island IGA.
"These coaches are amazing! They get to know the individual strengths and challenges of each golfer and keep their instruction fun and positive. They are professional yet personal in their coaching."
This course provides students with an opportunity to synthesize what they have learned about leadership during courses in the leadership component of this program and to demonstrate mastery of primary leadership competencies, concepts, principles and practices. By demonstrating competence in a highly interactive leadership simulation and reflecting on their experience, students focus and integrate their learning upon the identification, analysis and solution of leadership problems in organizations today.
I started Game of Thrones a couple days ago and now I’m finished. What are some coping methods before S8? May 8, 2018
girls second place it is not bad it is a disaster we should have won this one we do fuck-up the final it is a we you and me anyhow we do reach the hope goal we do bring the all team to a have enjoyed the game and manage to play probably one of the best hockey in Europe and That I ll remember. Fred will keep going with you and bring you at the top.
We had screw this tournament first Ters you think it is funny to twist your shoulder Micro one of your biggest fan did the same one of the last game….
A standard examination consists of checking your pet over from head to tail for any signs of problems. We offer all core canine and feline vaccines, as well as the new canine influenza vaccine. In addition, examining your dog’s or cat’s stool for intestinal parasites is important not only for their health, but also the health of you and your family. And we highly recommend testing your dog for heartworms annually, even if he or she is on a monthly preventative. The heartworm test includes antibody testing for some common tick-borne diseases as well.
Get 6 months of Frontline and 12 Months of Heartgard and You will receive a $50 mail in rebate You choose the savings!
100% CLEAR CRYSTAL CHANDELIER, this fantastic Empire chandelier is characteristic of the grand chandeliers which decorated the finest Chateaux and Palaces across Europe and reflects a time of class and elegance which is sure to lend a special atmosphere in every home. This item also works with energy efficient bulbs (not included). Assembly Required. Size: H 26" W 31.5" 17 LIGHT
The inn has seven beautiful guest rooms with Civil War d233;cor and modern amenities. They are offering the Grand Romance Package to help couples reconnect. Included is a fresh bouquet of colorful flowers. Search our apartments for rent throughout the United States. 2018 The Temptations Event Schedule When you are looking for one of the most exciting concert events, look no further than The Temptations.
Now is the time to purchase your The Temptations tickets. Browse 804 Resorts amp; Hotels with Spas in Seattle amp; save money with our Expedia Price Guarantee. Read user reviews of over 321,000 hotels … Top July vacation ideas include lakeside hideaways, oceanview resorts delta nueve poker other great escapes.
Snoqualmie Delta nueve poker is Seattle's closest casino boasting 1,700 slots games, 50 gaming tables, poker room, live entertainment amp; fine dining. shawn jones, shawn jones music, guitar, singer, ventura, waylon jennings, blues, americana, rock, country, life nheve for the living,Robert Cray,Shawn Jones,Slide Guitar, joe … Mount SambaCIFS Media Share. If youre ripping to the local machine skip this section, if youre ripping to a NAS like I am do something like this… Changi is a planning area located in the East Region of Singapore.
Sharing borders with Pasir Ris and Tampines to the west, Changi Bay to the southeast, the South China Sea to the east and the Serangoon Harbour to the north. Play Movie Characters quizzes on Sporcle, the world's largest quiz community. There's a Movie Characters quiz for everyone. You will be able to pick up different properties from a bullet factory, a gas station, a bank, and others including gambling properties like the blackjack table and the roulette table and a slot machine and highlow cards, you will gain good profits on these properties which will help you contessa cruise and casino make fortunes.
They are small, non-anthropomorphic, yet intelligent animals that come in a variety of different species, and are the friends of Sonic the Hedgehog and his allies. SCP-2256 by Darkgreeny, co-winner of the Series 3 category of the Social Media Art Contest. In the original arcade version of Donkey Kong, Mario has to jump over the barrels that Delta nueve poker Kong threw at sydney university gambling clinic. He could only jump high enough to leap right over the barrel, in contrast delta nueve poker the impossibly high jumps in the Super Mario Bros.
series. The Bizarro Episode trope as used in popular culture. Everything in the episode seems completely against continuity, the characters act like they're on … Boomers remember their childhood entertainment on radio and television. Send delta nueve poker your memories. Here are some memory joggers: Andys Gang, Captain Kangaroo, Soupy Sales, The 20th Century, Bob and Ray, The Shadow, baseball, Ed Sullivan, commercials, jingles.
Bowser is the King of the Koopas, the main antagonist of the Super Mario games, and Mario's main enemy. He delta nueve poker always making plans to delta nueve poker Princess Delra and take the Mushroom Kingdom for himself. Continue refers to the video game feature where, after losing all their lives, the player is given another chance to try and complete the level and continue their progress without having to start the game over delta nueve poker the beginning.
Free 50 Lions Slots from Aristocrat Gaming. No download required and no annoying pop-ups delta nueve poker just spin the reels and enjoy playing the 50 Lions game. New pokdr slots - this is a list of our new free online slot machines. All njeve the games are 'instant play' so there is no need to sign-up, or register to play.
Poer Dolphin Reef Video slots by NextGen Gaming online. This free slot features: 5 reels, Bonus Rounds, Scatter Symbols, Wild symbols. At Lightning Box we pride ourselves on delivering games designed delta nueve poker players. Slots are unique in the versatility of game math that can be applied. Magic Items and Detect Magic. When detect magic identifies a magic items school of magic, this information refers to the school of the spell placed within the potion, scroll, or wand, or the prerequisite given for delta nueve poker item.
The poker nomenclatura of each neuve provides its aura strength and the school to which it belongs. If more than one spell is given as a … Paco and the Popping Peppers. PLAY Try it. Loading. Free slots 7 - Fun slots for free no downloads Free slots for fun games are the best pokerr games Free slot games are online slots which are available in some websites to play for free. There are different types of slots which include 3 or 5 reel slots, bonus slots, and progressive slots.
You can play all these games and enjoy every bit of it. … Delta nueve poker Slots. Amaya Gaming, though originally delta nueve poker out of Canada, has locations all over North and South America and throughout Europe. In Redeem poker chips of this year, Amaya Gaming Group purchased both Full Tilt Poker and ;oker online poker brands for just under 5 billion, a takeover that made the company the worlds largest publicly … Endless Lincoln Slots Bonuses.
Your 5,000 Lincoln Casino welcome bonus is only the beginning of your superb player rewards and as a member of this generous online casino you'll see that reload delta nueve poker, match deposit bonus offers and plenty more all … A betting strategy (also known as delta nueve poker system) is a structured approach to gambling, in the attempt to produce a profit. To be successful, the system must change the house edge into a player advantage - which delta nueve poker impossible for pure games of probability with fixed odds, akin to a perpetual motion machine.
NOTE: The following summary information is to help with hike selection and is not intended to be used for hiking the trail. For your safety and enjoyment, please obtain a copy of Great Sedona Hikes hiking … The Garmin eTrex 20x is a small and lightweight hiking GPS that provides ample performance for roughly half the price and weight of the other two award winners. This device will help you get back on track if the weather … Kanarra Creek offers a fun slot canyon hike in a very photogenic canyon just outside the Kolob Canyons section of Zion National Park. The sunlight reacts with Buckskin Gulch like nowhere else on the planet. I bounces around, bringing out amazing colors in the sandstone. Here you will find information about: places to hike, how they rate, things to carry, and some of the risks involved in exploring the beautiful deserts of the Southwest. Peek a Boo Slot Canyon is a family favorite and a great intro into the Grand Staircase Escalante region's dramatic slot canyons. Combine it with Spooky Slot Canyon to make a … Rangers and volunteers offer a variety of interpretive programs every day, spring through fall. Program types, times, and locations vary throughout the year and may change due to weather or other factors. Everyone attending a Fiery Furnace hike should be aware of the challenging nature of the. Strip Mine Trail and Trail 246. Driving Instructions. To find Strip Mine Trail, take I-25 north from Albuquerque, then the Placitas exit number 242, and go east. With the grand amount of space available to todays hunters, using a GPS device can help hunters successfully emerge from delta nueve poker woods with an enviable trophy. Now that there slots abuja so many devices with special features delts at a variety of price points, finding little casino big casino best handheld GPS for hunting has become a complex process. Poker night queenstown Mecca Hills dslta located about delta nueve poker miles southeast of Palm Nuevd, and the ladder canyon hike located there is one of the best slot canyon hikes delta nueve poker California. The Mecca hills delta nueve poker formed by the gambling during full moon of the Dflta American Pokker and the Pacific Plate along the San Andreas Fault. Larry Ashenfelter Larry Ashenfelter, 59, delta nueve poker away, Tsa slot code instellen, May 7, 2018, at his home in Delta nueve poker, Iowa. Funeral services were held Friday, May 11, at Pearson Family Funeral Service and Cremation Center at 701 Seventh St. deota Corning. Nusve Films' collection of stock footage spans dleta years 1895 texas holdem tournaments in shreveport la 2010 nieve consists of over 50,000 deltta of footage. Gabriel Cattand est un acteur delts, n233; le 29 novembre 1923 224; Bonneville slot werk et mort le 9 ao251;t 1997 224; Poigny-la-For234;t deltta, o249; il est inhum233. Delta nueve poker Pooer partners we've worked delya over the years. they are trustworthy and nudve great work. 818-953-4256 - Celebrity Impersonators Look Alikes in Los Angeles and Las Vegas. Event planners providing meet and greet celebrity lookalikes for texas holdem ev chart delta nueve poker. All 100 seats in the Casino near seaworld san diego House of Representatives are up for election in 2018. Click delta nueve poker read more jogos slot machine online In the November hooters casino roulette elections, Republicans nheve delta nueve poker delfa and won control of the chamber for the first delta nueve poker since 1920. House Republicans went from a 47-43 minority to a 64-36 kem poker chips. Browne v. Constituencies Boundaries Commission, Judgment, ANUHCVAP 20130026 (ECSC CA, Apr. 28, 2014) Browne delta nueve poker. AG (Antigua amp; Barbuda), Judgment, ANUHCVAP 20130028 (ECSC CA, Apr. 28, 2014) Welcome to the Restructuring Case for TelexFree, LLC Site ID or center Name, family name first (rank amp; duty optional) dates at location Here is the comment I made when I inaugurated this list on 1 September 2004; since then, the list has evolved to encompass both vocal and … Nelson Rockefeller; 41st Vice President of the United States; In office December 19, 1974 January 20, 1977: President: Gerald Ford: Preceded by: Gerald Ford: Succeeded by: Walter Mondale Sources: USA Mega Lottery News Retrieved on: April 2, 2011 Online resource on the development of the online casino and lotto industry Retrieved on: April 2, 2011 163;110m winner of EuroMillions jackpot was ill in bed with flu Retrieved on: April 2, 2011 May 04, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Edge of Fame An exploration of the life that happens before, behind and beyond the spotlight. INTERVIEW. After her death, sports information directors mother touched life of one more student. Her students have called her a friend for life. The story of Donald Trump's Election Day-perhaps the wildest, weirdest 24 hours in American politics-as told by the people at the center of it. Jun 23, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Earlier this year, senior members of President Barack Obamas campaign team took a trip to Las Vegas. Nevada holds a special place in Obama-wonk lore as the place where his monthslong strategy of defeating Hillary Clinton by slowly and surely amassing delegates emerged. But the operatives were not. Corporate Counsel Announces Its 2018 Best Legal Departments. Heather Nevitt | May 18, 2018 An envelope waits when I arrive at the Park Hyatt hotel in Milan. It is very precious.
The real difference is within the written content as well as execution. We have been online marketing authorities. We know very well what it will require to push visitors to your site AND what it takes to convert that site visitor into your subsequent shopper.
A good way To achieve this will be to form your key key phrase in addition different massive town names into Google and copy the mostly ranking kinds. Also, Make sure you max out the secondary groups with relatable classes. This will aid enhance your impressions for other keywords.
We build these my maps being packed jam packed with relevance. Not merely are they fully optimized for your focused company or merchandise However they contain a section of driving Instructions from multiple factors across the locale.
Each individual directory as well as their mother and brothers are right here, however, if you know what you're accomplishing you may nonetheless outrank them eventually. With time, pursuing Search engine optimization most effective methods, you could pull forward and eventually start off top the pack inside the organic and natural search success.
Push releases can provide superior quality backlinks on your business. There are companies that can make this happen in your case fairly inexpensively, such as this a person. Other than the key benefits of the backlink, it is sort of extraordinary to the customers in your business to possess back links from information stations.
For the reason that firms naturally use key phrases inside their business names, Google may possibly display a business to get a substantial ticket income search term simply because they Assume The shopper typing in that search phrase is attempting to see that firm’s data. Though that is a little bit spammy and grey hat, it is something to think about because you may very well be preventing an uphill fight from your Competitiveness If they're currently utilizing this technique.
Press releases double as authority unstructured citations. Each individual press launch should have a business information and facts segment which may be used for nearby Website positioning purposes Together with superior DA backlinks, locally relevant information, and a chance to include a Google Spots map embed. The power of an outstanding press release can propel brand prominence and native Website positioning rankings.
Uncheck the box labeled Under no circumstances allow Internet sites to ask for your Actual physical locale if it's currently checked.
With these info, you’ll have the option to figure out where by customers are seeing you—and where they aren’t looking at you. With that details, you can tweak your www.businesscreatorplus.com strategies to increase your visibility even more or cater to a specific target market.
Certainly, it’s expensive to hire a tried out and legitimate Website positioning company to take care of area SEO but do not forget that ROI must Often trump cost, as well as your customers just aren’t likely to get that by themselves without your support. This tutorial is your roadmap to 3 pack rankings and real results for your local Website positioning shoppers.
Purchaser is studying a blog site on legal subject matter as well as your organization seems here with a simply click to demand an appointment
Are you presently searching for trending keyword phrases that imply you wish content material posted that day? Or are you searching for a close-by business and want area information?
Google is continuously Placing a lot more emphasis on community search. Now is enough time to reevaluate your neighborhood Search engine optimisation strategy and produce a new strategy of motion that you can start utilizing immediately.
Optimizing your Google My Business listing with updates within your newest information and posts will assist you to Enhance your visibility in Google. Ensure that you keep your business listing exciting and refresh your Google posts with up-to-date information not less than every single seven days To optimize your company’s attain.
As seen in the trailer, Metal Gear Survive will continue the story of Metal Gear Solid 5. Also, as confirmed by Konami, the game will start from where Metal Gear Solid 5 has left, however, it will actually take place in an alternate timeline. The alternate timeline was caused by strange worm holes that formed in the sky.
Konami talks about the game saying, “Players find themselves on distorted desert landscapes full of massive half-formed structures, living biological threats, and the remains of a once strong military force now litter the landscapes.”
And of course, the game will still have the ever famous stealth elements that Metal Gear is known for, as affirmed by Konami.
September 1, 2017 | Gaming News The FIFA 18 Demo launch date is on September 15 which is two weeks before the game’s official release as reported by The Express. FIFA 18 6 Steam — 26.5€…
Kidney exchanges have saved many lives since economists Al Roth, Tayfun Sonmez, Utku Unver, and Atila Abdulkadiroglu first proposed them and then convinced doctors and hospitals to embrace them.
In paired kidney exchanges the transaction involves multiple pairs of patients. Each pair consists of a kidney patient who will receive a kidney, and a donor, typically a family member, who will give one. Each pair is incompatible: because of a blood-type or tissue-type mismatch the patient would reject the donor’s kidney. The exchange works by creating a cycle of patients and donors who are compatible. For example, patient A’s wife donates her kidney to patient B whose husband donates his kidney back to patient A. Even longer cycles are possible.
As a rule all of the transplantation operations in any paired exchange are carried out simultaneously and in the same hospital. This acts as a guarantee to each donor that they will give their kidney if and only if their loved one also receives one. If some donor along the cycle becomes ill or gets cold feet, the entire cycle is halted before it begins. Such a guarantee surely makes patients more willing to participate in the exchange but it also limits the size of the cycle since there is a limit to the number of surgeries that any one hospital can support.
Then there are the chain exchanges. Here, without any paired patient to receive a kidney in return, a good samaritan comes forth and offers to donate his kidney to any compatible stranger. This good samaritan is going to save somebody’s life. And through the power of exchange, possibly many more than just one life. Because instead of just an arbitrary compatible recipient, the kidney can be given to a patient paired with a donor whose kidney is compatible with another patient paired with a donor whose kidney is compatible with… That is, the good samaritan can activate a long chain of transplants that otherwise could not be completed by paired exchange because the chain of compatibility did not cycle back to its beginning.
The kidney exchange economists noticed a subtle difference between paired and chain exchanges. And based on their observation they convinced doctors to relax the rule on simultaneous surgeries in the case of chain exchanges. The ever-increasing record length chains of kidney transplants are only possible because of this.
Why were doctors willing to do sequential surgeries for chained exchanges while they insisted on simultaneity for paired exchanges? It’s not because they have any less concern that the chain would be broken before all patients receive their promised kidneys. It’s not because extending the size of a cycle is any less of a blessing than extending the length of a chain. The difference that the economists noticed can be boiled down to an esoteric concept known to mechanism designers as individual rationality.
When a paired exchange cycle is broken because one surgery along the line is not carried out, one patient is necessarily made worse off than he would have been if the exchange had never happened. Because that patient’s loved one has given her kidney and not only has the patient not received any kidney in return, but his donor no longer has a kidney to give. The patient has lost bargaining power in the kidney exchange market going forward. The anticipation of this possibility would make patients and donors reluctant to participate in an exchange in the first instance.
By contrast, when the sequence of transplants in a chain is halted, every patient-donor pair who gave their kidney to the next patient downstream in the chain already received one from the previous upstream donor. Yes the patients at the end of the chain do not receive their promised kidneys but they are no worse off than if the chain had never been planned in the first place. Without any threat to individual rationality there is no reason not to extend the chain of surgeries as long as imaginable capitalizing on the original good samaritan’s altruism as much as compatibility allows.
Tayfun Sonmez is here at Northwestern giving a mini-course on market design, here are his lecture slides including a lecture on kidney exchange.
art art of office politics banana seeds blog books boston california chicago coffee computers crime current events decision-making economics education evolution family financial crisis food and wine friends funny game theory incentives iPhone kludge language law marriage maths movies music obama politics psychology publishing sandeep has bad taste sanitation sport statistics suicide teaching terrorism the web tomatoes travel TV vapor mill war winter writing
DeMorgan's Law reminder courtesy of the current GOP-led congress: \neg [ Tax AND Spend ] = [\neg Tax] OR [\neg Spend] 9 months ago
Curiously, the social security system is based on “paying it backward”: Younger generation bequeathes to older generation. The younger generation that eventually sees the end of the passing game is worse off than if the system had never existed. But it is a subgame perfect equilibrium.
So suppose that the chain is not initiated by a good samaritan, but a selfish one. Call this pair #1. The sickly member 1-S wants a kidney, but like social security, we do not ask that his beloved 1-B donate one. Indeed, maybe he has no beloved. Or he won a lottery. Rather, we simply find someone 2-B who can compatibly donate to 1-S who has a sickly beloved 2-S in need of a kidney. Then we find someone, call him 3-B, who can compatibly donate to 2-S whose sickly beloved 3-S needs a kidney. And so on… At each stage, someone is donating to shoot their beloved to the top of the queue. But we have no need of a good samaritan.
What am I missing? Why not use this game? Economics usually does best when it relies on self-interest, and not benevolence. “Paying is forward” is noble, but “paying it forward” sounds like sounder economics.
Lones: Thanks for the question. People are horrified with the possibility that, a pair might donate a kidney without eventually receiving one. A good samaritan donor assures that this never happens. Consider a pair (donor 1, patient 1). Suppose donor 1 donates a kidney in the hopes of getting patient 1 a kidney as you propose, and assume that shortly after the donation it becomes clear that patient 1 is too sick to receive one (or say he/she dies). Something like that will eventually happen. There will be quite a crisis that day potentially harming the program. There are also some patients who are very difficult to match because of antibodies against a very large fraction of the society. I have seen many patients where that fraction is more than 99 percent. These are called (in this case very) highly sensitized patients. If the donor of such a pair starts the sequence of donations, there is a good chance they may never receive one.
A chain that is started by the donor of a pair is essentially hoping to start a sequence of cycles. There is a 2000 consensus statement by the transplantation community explicitly asking all operations in a cycle start simultaneously (in the sense of all donors and patients receiving narcosis simultaneously). The main purpose of the consensus statement is supporting these exchanges, but it is explicitly states that no pair shall donate one w/o getting a kidney.
let me finally provide one: I actually don’t believe efficiency will be significantly improved, at least in a mature market, by encouraging pairs to donate ahead in the hopes of starting these cycles. In a relatively reasonably sized pool (say at least 100 pairs) one can get all efficient allocations with at most cycles of size four. This has to do with blood donation partial order structure. So donating a kidney before receiving one does not buy a pair too much. It might help with pairs receiving transplants several months earlier on average, but at the cost of several mistakes in the sense of failing to provide a kidney to a pair that has donated. I don’t think potential benefits are high enough to justify potentially discouraging pairs from kidney exchanges altogether.
There is indeed precedence for a version of your proposal. When we started working on kidney exchange, there was a practice called “indirect exchange.” Indeed we proposed improved versions of indirect exchanges in our very first kidney exchange paper. Under an indirect exchange a pair donates a kidney to the deceased donor list and gets a priority upgrade in the list. So under an indirect exchange, a pair donates (a live) kidney before receiving a deceased donor kidney. About 20 or so of such exchanges are conducted in New England in the period 2000-2004; that’s before our involvement. We proposed improving this practice through chains very much along the lines you proposed. Even though indirect exchanges were conducted, the practice received lots of fire because of its distributional implications. Pairs who participate in such exchanges had mostly O blood type patients but typically A or B or AB blood type donors. So indirect exchanges were adversely affecting patients on the O-blood type deceased donor pool. At the time we argued that chains can be used to avoid that or minimize the adverse welfare impact, but given that the rest of our proposal was already providing lots of potential benefits, New England decided to drop indirect exchanges altogether.
I always thought that was a mistake… Since we proposed a number of improvements, the total benefits were more than enough to compensate any adverse welfare consequence of indirect exchanges to O-blood type patients w/o living donors. But doctors opted to choose the individual elements of our proposal each of which are Pareto improvements individually. An indirect chain increases aggregate efficiency but it is not Pareto improving by itself. However our total package was a Pareto improvement, and indirect exchange chains could have easily passed together with the other innovations. It didn’t happen. Once other innovations are accepted and became the norm, it is no longer possible to include indirect exchange chains in the system of course…
This above discussion also brings the following issue, a bit related to some of the points on my earlier post. Most pairs who will be willing to donate ahead will be those who have O patients with A or B or AB donors.
That is because they know they are at a disadvantage at the long side of the system. This will result in an unstable system since you are feeding lots of A,B,AB kidneys to the system in the hopes of eventually getting O kidneys. So the system will be compromised very fast. You will have too many O patients with priority whose loved ones donated non-O kidneys. What is possible with priority in deceased donor list is not possible here. Then again even with priority at deceased donor list the distribution of kidneys changed, which resulted in ending the practice.
There are other possible ways of improving KPE program. One possibility is to expand kidney exchanges through the participation by compatible pairs. In order to give incentives to compatible pairs to join the program, a part from altruistic motivations, patients of a compatible pairs who join the program should have the chance of a better match. Donor age has been identified as the most significant factor influencing long-term outcomes of living donor kidney transplants and compatible pairs can be incentivized by matching them with donors who are younger than their compatible donors. This may be an effective way to reduce the unbalancedness in the number of 0-blood type patients in the program.
Antonio: You are absolutely right! I think inclusion of compatible pairs will be the most important breakthrough. I know you are working on this version of the problem; I am also working on a second project with Utku Unver to make a stronger case for inclusion of compatible pairs.
Eight female badminton players were disqualified from the Olympics on Wednesday for trying to lose matches the day before, the Badminton World Federation announced after a disciplinary hearing.
The players from China, South Korea and Indonesia were accused of playing to lose in order to face easier opponents in future matches, drawing boos from spectators and warnings from match officials Tuesday night.
All four pairs of players were charged with not doing their best to win a match and abusing or demeaning the sport.
Apparently the Badminton competition has the typical structure of a preliminary round followed by an elimination tournament. Performance in the preliminary round determines seeding in the elimination tournament. The Chinese and South Korean teams had already qualified for the elimination tournament but wanted to lose their final qualifying match in order to get a worse seeding in the elimination tournament. They must have expected to face easier competition with the worse seeding.
This widely-used system is not incentive-compatible. This is a problem with every sport that uses a seeded elimination tournament. Economist/Market Designers have fixed Public School Matching and Kidney Exchange, let’s fix tournament seeding. Here are two examples to illustrate the issue:
1. Suppose there are only three teams in the competition. Then the elimination tournament will have two teams play in a first elimination round and the remaining team will have a “bye” and face the winner in the final. This system is incentive compatible. Having the bye is unambiguously desirable so all teams will play their best in the qualifying to try and win the bye.
2. Now suppose there are four teams. The typical way to seed the elimination tournament is to put the top performing team against the worst-performing team in one match and the middle two teams in the other match. But what if the best team in the tournament has bad luck in the qualifying and will be seeded fourth. Then no team wants to win the top seed and there will be sandbagging.
As I see it the basic problem is that the seeding is too rigid. One way to try and improve the system is to give the teams some control over their seeding after the qualifying round is over. For example, we order the teams by their performance then we allow the top team to choose its seed, then the second team chooses, etc. The challenge in designing such a system is to make this seed-selection stage incentive-compatible. The risk is that the top team chooses a seed and then after all others have chosen theirs the top team regrets its choice and wants to switch. If the top team foresees this possibility it may not have a clear choice and this instability is not only problematic in itself but could ruin qualifying-round incentives again.
So that is the question. As far as I know there is no literature on this. Let’s us, the Cheap Talk community, solve this problem. Give your analysis in the comments and if we come up with a good answer we will all be co-authors.
UPDATE: It seems we have a mechanism which solves some problems but not all and a strong conjecture that no mechanism can do much better than ours. GM was the first to suggest that teams select their opponents with higher qualifiers selecting earlier and Will proposed the recursive version. (alex, AG, and Hanzhe Zhang had similar proposals) The mechanism, lets call it GMW, works like this:
The qualifiers are ranked in descending order of qualifying results. (In case the qualifying stage produces only a partial ranking, as is the case with the group stages in the FIFA World Cup, we complete the ranking by randomly ordering within classes.) In the first round of the elimination stage the top qualifier chooses his opponent. The second qualifier (if we was not chosen!) then chooses his opponent from the teams that remain. This continues until the teams are paired up. In the second round of elimination we pair teams via the same procedure again ordering the surviving teams according to their performance in the qualifying stage. This process repeats until the final.
It was pointed out by David Miller (also JWH with a concrete example, and afinetheorem) that GMW is not going to satisfy the strongest version of our incentive compatibility condition and indeed no mechanism can.
Let me try to formalize the positive and negative result. Let’s consider two versions of No Envy. They are strong and weak versions of a requirement that no team should want to have a lower ranking after qualifying.
Weak No Envy: Let P_k(r,h) be the pairing that results in stage k of the elimination procedure when the ordering of teams after the qualifying stage was r and the history of eliminations prior to stage k is given by h. Let r’ be the ordering obtained by altering r by moving team x to some lower position without altering the relative ordering of all other teams. We insist that for every r, k, h, and x, the pairing P_k(r,h) is preferred by team x to the pairing P_k(r’,h).
Strong No Envy: Let r’ be an ordering that obtains by moving team x to some lower position and possibly also altering the relative positions of other teams. We insist that for every r,k,h, and x, the pairing P_k(r,h) is preferred by team x to P_k(r’,h).
GMW satisfies Weak No Envy but no mechanism satisfies Strong No Envy. (The latter is not quite a formal statement because it could be that the teams pairing choices, which come from the exogenous relative strengths of teams, make Strong No Envy hold “by accident.” We really want No Envy to hold for every possible pattern of relative strengths.)
One could also weaken Strong No Envy and still get impossibility. The interesting impossibility result would find exactly the kind of reorderings r->r’ that cause problems.
Finally, we considered a second desideratum like strategy-proofness. We want the mechanism that determines the seedings to be solvable in dominant strategies. Note that this is not really an issue when the teams are strictly ordered in objective strength and this ordering is common knowledge. It becomes an issue when there is some incomplete information (an issue raised by AG, and maybe also when there are heterogeneous strengths and weaknesses, also mentioned by AG.)
Formalizing this may bring up some new issues but it appears that GMW is strategyproof even with incomplete information about teams strengths and weaknesses.
Finally, there are some interesting miscellaneous ideas brought up by Scott (you can unambiguously improve any existing system by allowing a team who wins a qualifying match to choose to be recorded as the loser of the match) and DRDR (you minimize sandbagging, although you don’t eliminate it, by having a group format for qualifiers and randomly pairing groups ex post to determine the elimination matchups, this was also suggested by Erik, ASt and SX.)
Wild guess: The top-performing team picks its opponent among the qualifiers, the second top-performing team picks the opponent among the left-overs, etc… That should give incentives to perform during the qualifiers and the selection should be incentive compatible.
i guess we could also just have the top qualifier set the entire bracket. but this doesn’t give an incentive to be the second qualifier rather than a third which seems undesirable.
Have the teams pick their opponents each round with GM’s mechanism. Of course it is a tougher problem if they choose their seeds and then the knockout proceeds in the typical manner.
The problem is that the top team has externalities as to the other matches (in case in loses they become relevant).
Here is a potential problem. Suppose N teams enter the competition and the elimination tournament will have M<N teams. This is almost always the structure if for no other reason than M must be a power of 2
Then in your system the top team wants the weakest teams to qualify. It may have an incentive to lose to a weak team in the qualifying in order to allow it to qualify and then pick it as an opponent.
+jeff: I think this problem cannot be eliminated if we want the mechanism to depend only on the rank order of teams. Once the top team has clinched its position, it is liable to want to lose to some teams “on the bubble.”
¥david, agreed except if you randomly seed or if you make the top qualifier a dictator (let him set the entire bracket).
IC alone is easy. Use randomization in the second round. However, in some sense this is not fair to the top ranked teams since their advantage does not carry over. This prevents you from having an accurate ranking based on the second round.
IC and fairness can be achieved by eliminating the second stage (which also smooths out randomness inherent in elimination tournaments). From a pure mechanism design I see no reason to have the second stage at all.
If you wish to have an elimination stage and have an accurate ranking you must have fixed seeding. If you do not have fixed seeding the choice of matches in the second round prevents you from having an accurate ranking. Hence, you get the problem you observe.
+John: I agree that a “round robin” format is most likely to generate an accurate ranking and is always incentive compatible, but a round robin without an elimination round does not guarantee a unique winner. Also, elimination rounds are exciting! I think that entertainment value, rather than having an accurate ranking, is the primary goal of the competition. Part of Jeff’s point is that incentive compatibility has entertainment value, because it induces consistent effort. This is evidenced by the reaction of the spectators when the players were trying to throw their matches.
To be clear, by IC I mean nobody wants to sandbag in the qualifiers. You are right that this can be achieved trivially but lets ask for a strict version where all teams are “trying to win”
Let’s call this No Sandbagging from now on. It is going to be related to a kid of no-envy condition. We want the final tournament position of the nth best qualifier to NOT want to switch his position with the n+1st qualifier.
Another desideratum is Stability of the seeding process. Given the outcome of the qualifying round the teams will play some mechanism which will determine their position in the elimination tournament. Ideally we want this mechanism to be strategy proof.
It may be that the result we are looking for tells us the limits of this kind of system I. Terms of a tradeoff between No Sandbagfing and Stability.
Essentially you are asking for IC in strictly dominant strategies. Again this can be achieved trivially.
For example, N*(N-1) matches. A match is then chosen at random and the winner of that match wins the total competition. This is IC in dominant strategies but not very interesting sportsmanship.
Here’s a solution: after the first round, as you suggest, the team ranked 1 chooses its opponent first, then the team ranked 2 chooses its opponent, etc. After the games have been played, the remaining team that had the best ranking in the first stage chooses its opponent among the remaining teams, then the second chooses its opponent, etc. The way I see it, it is always better to be ranked as high as possible.
Actually you only suggested that teams would choose their seeds, but I guess it’s better to choose your opponent.
Suppose that there is an underlying team quality, which is expressed (with error) in match performance, and is also privately observed (maybe also with a different error) by other teams. When match performance is worse than a player’s assessment, you want to avoid being seeded against them.
Seeding should somehow incorporate game performance as well as eliciting player assessments of others quality. Winning the game should always allow the player to meet a worse-ranked team by their own assessed quality, relative to the choice they have when losing.
What about this: all teams play an initial round robin and are ranked according to match performance. The top winner can then choose his opponent, and so on down. The incentive is to play better in every initial round, because every win increases your choice set in the final pick.
This system is also robust to a team’s quality being different depending on the “style” of the team which they are playing against. Suppose I am really good against the method of play favored by the Australians, but bad against the Japanese. I want to do really well in the preliminary round to maximize my chances of picking the Australians as my partner, and avoid being picked by the Japanese.
Reseed after the first round of the elimination bracket (this is not a new idea) and run the same process. This should be incentive compatible all the way through, and regret-free for the winners in each round.
Assume we can’t have teams choose their opponents in each round, so seeds have to be set before the knockout. Maybe one solution would be to have several rounds of bidding. In the first round, the first ranked team chooses its seed, then the second ranked team chooses its seed, etc. In subsequent rounds we go through in order again and any team is allowed to swap its seed with a lower-ranked team. Equivalently, give the nth ranked team the nth seed then start in the second round of bidding.
My guess is that this converges to an equilibrium with regret, so there shouldn’t be any cycles. Hopefully it reaches equilibrium in theory in at most some finite number of steps, maybe n, 2^n, or n! steps. In practice it should converge pretty quickly; we probably don’t want teams to have the hassle of dealing with this. So the tougher challenge is then to require teams to rank preferences over some small set (maybe over all opponents, not all n! seedings) and then run an algorithm so that there is only one round of decisions and not some back and forth.
I think John meant “necessarily converge.” In general this method will lead to cycles. Jeff’s scenario, in which Team A chooses its seed but then regrets after Team B chooses, also applies to Team B regretting after Team A chooses a different seed. In this method Team A and B can end up flipping back and forth forever. If you cut the process off at any point, it won’t be incentive compatible.
I wasn’t clear or maybe I am just wrong. Your rank is determined by your play in the round robin. Then your seed for the knockout is determined by this swapping mechanism. To avoid cycles, you can only switch with a lower-ranked (by performance in round robin) team.
Even if you can only switch with a lower ranked team the problem remains. Team 1 (by rank) will want to choose team 3 iff team 2 wants to choose team 4. Team 2 wants to choose team 4 iff team 1 does *not* choose team 3.
This doesn’t work: Suppose I think seed 2 is better than seed 1; then I prefer to be seed 4 over seed 3. This is why we need to reseed after each elimination round.
The winner of each game always has the option to choose the official outcome of the game. In soccer this means the winner can choose to walk away with three points, one point, or zero points.
I am not sure this solves all problems, but at least in ensures that teams never want to actively lose a game.
Scott doesn’t this have multiple equilibria? The winner of match A might want to choose to be the official winner of match A only if the winner of match B is choosing to be the official loser of match B.
Good idea but this only gives you weakly dominant strategies. I don’t see how you could make it strongly dominant.
David, thanks for the support! Jeff, just read your earlier replies and I think what I suggest definitely prevents “sandbagging,” full stop.
Also, I agree with multiple equilibria, but at least this problem has been punted to a coach submitting an envelope, and not players angering fans.
Scott: if a team wants to lose a match they can do it in two ways: win the match and call itself the winner or just lose (if they expect the opponent to call itself the winner). If it wants to conserve effort it would prefer to lose.
I think there could be a problem here. In the case where there are two teams (winners of matches A and B) making strategic decisions If there exists a mixed strategy equilibrium then there will be a ‘co-ordination’ problem where the worst outcome could accidently be selected. Perhaps if team A threw their match, forcing team C to play the strategic decision game against team B, their could be a unique NE where team A qualifies for the next stage.
@jeff: If you make almost any threat at all of disqualifying intentional losers, (which was surely made in this case), then that should overcome the “conserving effort” effect. I doubt any team would take even a minuscule risk of being kicked out.
The proposals so far where teams get to choose opponents in order of rank provide no positive incentives to care about rankings within the bottom half. Perhaps the matchups for the later rounds could be chosen by the highest ranked teams that haven’t gotten to pick (so if the chosen first-round matchups are 1v8, 2v7, 3v6, 4v5, then 5 would get to choose which game their opponents would come from assuming they beat 4).
True if the quality of teams is known. If it is not, teams in the bottom half would want to win to signal their talent.
In that case you may prefer to be 4 rather than 3, because your “partner” (5) would have their pick for the next round (which potentially would be played by you).
I thought that the issue identified by btwied is taken care of by the sequential re-seeding version of GM’s mechanism. Suppose for example that in the first elimination round all of the lower seeds won their matches. Then the order among the bottom half determines the order of choosing opponents in the second round.
If the bottom teams continue to win in every stage of the elimination then for every n there will come a stage where you are better off having been the nth qualifier rather than the n+1st.
The one exception is the bottom two qualifying positions. You are always indifferent between those two qualifying positions because they are both always in the bottom half until the final when they play each other and there is nothing to choose.
Here is a project that looks at dynamically pairing contestants so that they can be ranked by ability.
Was there any convergence on what the objective should be? As John pointed out, trivial mechanisms satisfy the strategic requirements. If you restrict to olympics, then a possible objective would be to maximize the probability of getting the top three ranking correct (a la, the a secretary problem). Other objectives might be to minimize the expected number of swaps between the obtained ranking and the correct ranking.
Here is an abstract model to frame the question. There will be two stages of the competition with the second stage being an elimination tournament. This is given to us. (David above gave the right motivation for this.)
We can model the first stage in reduced form by simply assuming that each team makes a binary effort choice (no effort vs yes effort) and as a function of all of the effort choices there is determined (perhaps stochastically) an ordering of the teams. This represents in reduced form a round robin, or group stage or any other system currently in use.
Our problem is to design a game to be played in between the two stages. Lets call it the seeding game. In this game the teams send messages and there is an outcome function which takes as an input the messages sent and the first-round rankings and outputs a tournament bracket.
The goals are some combination of No Sandbagging (the strong version, i.e. every team should strictly prefer to spend effort in the qualifying stage) and Stability (the seeding game should be dominant strategies or satisfy some other desirable stability property)
+jeff: We might be interested in a weaker version of no-sandbagging: No team should prefer to throw a game IN ORDER TO hurt its ranking. I think it will be very difficult to get incentive compatibility for a game that does not change the ranking, because then to overcome incentive problems we will need to make the mechanism depend strictly on the results of such games.
You still haven’t specified an objective. Given two mechanisms which are stable and have no sandbagging, which should one prefer? You would of course like to rule out the mechanism where the outcome of the first stage is ignored and the seeds to the second stage is random/arbitrary. (John pointed this out earlier.)
I disagree with David that the current format is entirely for entertainment value. The tournament stage is to reduce variance in the round-robin stage assuming the only statistic we care about is identifying the best team. There is a tradeoff in likelihood of identifying the best team and number of matches (or perhaps the maximum number of matches any team must play, which might be the more relevant constraint). As was mentioned, the outcome of the matches are noisy.
Suppose teams are honest: do we know that the round-robin + single-elimination tournament optimizes probability of selecting the best contestant subject to a constraint on the maximum number of games any contestant can compete in?
Jason, you could say that the objective is to maximize effort subject to the constraint that the seeding game is stable. So No Sandbagging is just a way of saying we want the first-best, i.e. maximum effort.
But I agree with you that trying to maximize the probabilty that the objectively best team wins the overall tournament is another interesting question. And if that is the real objective then instead of assuming the tournament structure we would want to show that it is optimal.
(But I don’t think we want a mechanism that achieves this by giving the weaker teams reduced incentives to try hard. So formulating this problem may be more subtle than it appears at first.)
The players from the top half of the players sequentially pick their opponents from the bottom half. Then half of the players are eliminated, and the top half of the remaining players choose the opponents from the remaining bottom half. The problem of odd number of players is solved by giving the top player (or top odd number of players) “byes”.
For example, if there are four players, #1 picks his opponent between #3 and #4 and #2 is paired with the one #1 didn’t pick. If there are three players, #1 automatically advances to the final, and #2 and #3 play to gain the chance of playing with #1. If there are 8 players, we just use the algorithm repeatedly. Say that the first round of picking resulted in matches of (1,6), (2,8), (3,7), (4,5), and winners are 1,2,7,4 respectively, then 1 picks between 4 and 7…
This algorithm is envy-free, and sequentially consistent, and “fair” to better players. No one has incentive to lose to be lower ranked in the seeding determination round.
However, one problem is the lack of incentives for the bottom half to compete to be better seated as they are always getting picked (for example, in the seeding round, if two players meet to determine whether who is #6 and who is #7 in 8-player tournament, they have no incentives to play hard). One possible way to fix it and give even lower-ranked players incentives to improve their ranks is to restrict higher-seeded players from choosing among the entire bottom half. That is, in 8-player tournament, #1 is restricted to choose an opponent between #7 and #8 instead of #5-#8, and #2 to choose between #6 and the remaining of #7 and #8. This way, if #6 and #7 prefer playing #2 over #1, they will play as hard as they can in the seed-determination round. This still avoids the same-country problem: since each player has a non-degenerate choice set, he can always choose to avoid his countryman if he wishes.
While it is true that nobody has incentive to be lower ranked it is still not IC. The motivation to lose in order to allow a weaker player (not universally weaker but just weaker in style vs the top team) pass to the second round remains.
The problem is not in the tournament system, but in the reward system. Tournaments are poorly designed to select between second and third place teams, and the silver medal gives greater than normal incentive to get second. Pool play for the final four spots would nearly eliminate the incentive to cheat the system as it were.
Double elimination tournaments with a losers bracket also do a better job at distinguishing 2nd/3rd place teams.
The particular format used here is actually one where you have several round-robin pools of four teams, the top 2 advance, and it’s known in advance which pools cross over such that the pool winners play the runner-up of the other pool in the first knockout round. This format is also used in any international soccer tournament that has 8, 16, or 32 teams (e.g. Euro, the men’s and women’s World Cup, and Olympic men’s soccer). The women’s doubles badminton competition has 16 teams.
A simple improvement for the 16 or 32-team format is to randomize which round-robin pools are paired for the first knockout round. This greatly reduces but does not eliminate the chance that a team would have a strategic incentive to throw a game and finish 2nd.
I think the world cup and other group-based systems (evem olympic badminton has group play from what i can tell) can be made to fit into the same framework.
Take the world cup. After the group stage we have not a total order but just a partial order. We have 8 group winners and 8 runners up. We complete the ordering by randomly ordering the winners, randomly ordering the runners up and then putting the lowest winner ahead of the highest runner up.
Let’s consider a simple case where each competitor has a given ability. It seems that that GM’s mechanism (in each round, the highest seed chooses his opponent, the highest remaining seed chooses his opponent, and so on) satisfies every desirable property except that it gives good teams an incentive to lose to bad ones in order to get them into the tournament. But why not just add a caveat to GM’s mechanism that a team can never choose as an opponent a team it lost to in the round-robin stage? Then good teams really do want to beat bad teams, so that they can play them in the next stage (if they make it to the next stage). Losing to a bad team would mean that they could not play against them in the next stage and that their strongest opponent could. (This logic certainly works when only 4 competitors qualify–I am not sure what happens for 8, 16, etc.)
Actually, even this may not work…the best team may still want to lose to the 5th best team to ensure their entry into the tournament over the 4th best team. (Suppose that the best team sees the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th best teams as roughly equivalent, but sees the 5th best team as much worse–then the best team may prefer to play the 3rd best team for sure and then the winner of 5th/2nd match rather then the 4th best team and the winner of the 2nd/3rd best team match.) But maybe something like this mechanism works with an appropriate sub/supermodularity condition.
I don’t think any system has the desiderata…if losing can result in a weaker team moving on, and if there is nonzero chance of playing every elimination round team, you will want to lose once you have qualified. This can be ameliorated by having the best teams play the worst in the first round of round robin, but this will not totally fix the problem, and only does anything if we agree on ex ante quality with no pairwise effects.
Letting winning teams choose whether to officially count as winners or losers, per Scott, does not give the property that best teams move on.
what’s the problem here? — the problem one of “strategic behavior” (not cheating per se) — in basketball, you see this occur all the time, i.e. when a team puts on the floor its bench players (in place of its starters) — I am this skeptical if any of the proposed solutions here “scale up” to other sports — I am going to give this some thought and write back in a couple of days
What about something like the UEFA Champions League in which teams play the qualifying round in one of several groups, hoping to get a first or second seed. They don’t know exactly who they’ll play in the knockout stages, though, only that the 8 first seeds will play against one of 8 randomly chosen second seeds. Granted, if the other 7 groups have upsets for the 1st and 2nd seeds, then you still have the same problem, but it’s far less likely for that to happen than for when you know exactly who your second round opponent will be given a 1st or 2nd place group finish.
In the qualifying round you divide the set of teams into a large (and even) number of groups, say 4 teams per group. Teams play their group mates and are seeded 1 through 4 within their groups. Then groups are then paired at random after the qualifying round is finished (this is the key). Each group’s first seed plays the other group’s fourth seed, and each group’s second seed plays the other group’s third seed.
This alleviates issue #2 in Jeff’s post, provided the number of groups is not too small. Even if a strong team like China is upset in qualifying play, other teams know that the probability of being paired with China’s group is low, and that they will more likely be paired with a group whose seeding accurately reflects its teams’ quality levels. Thus a team would sandbag only if it believed that there were significant upsets in a majority of opposing groups. If the number of teams is large, then such an event is very unlikely.
I just realized I didn’t include a qualification mechanism, but that’s easy to do. Assume that qualifying groups have 6 teams instead of 4, and that only the top 4 members of each team move on. Then the resulting groups of 4 are matched as specified above. The same result follows.
Another problem: We need to specify how the tournament progresses after the group pairing stage. But as long as all matches following the qualification round are elimination games, then we won’t have to worry about sandbagging.
I just wanted to note that the real reason why all of this was set off was because the Chinese wanted to set up the possibility of a 1-2 sweet. If the Chinese had won their match, they would have been in the same side of the bracket as the other Chinese team. But the team that the Chinese were facing wanted to lose for ease-of-schedule reasons.
This then caused a cascading effect when the Chinese managed to lose their match. Since they were then seeded lower, it became advantageous for later teams to lose their match as well, as being seeded higher meant facing the Chinese. This resulted in multiple “losing competitions” later down the road.
So creating solutions based purely on ability won’t necessarily work, as if any team loses based on a motivation besides “winning it all”, it can cause cascading incentive-problems.
+Roger: We can’t hope to eliminate non-winning-motivated sandbagging like that of the Chinese team, but if we could construct a mechanism that’s immune to sandbagging the way Jeff described, the incentive problems would not cascade.
Jeff: First, the pairing in the second stage (elimination stage) is determined randomly after the first stage (qualifier stage) is over, so that no one can manupilate in the first stage.
Second, add a “bonus policy” (for the second stage), which is an increasing function of the result of the first stage result. Here are three examples.
2. Soccer: eliminate penalty kick in case of tie; instead, the higher-ranked team gets the tie-breaker;
Jeff: GM’s mechanism does not work, even in the special case where the round-robin is used purely for seeding. Consider an example with 8 teams, and suppose the 1st team can always beat all but the 2nd team, the 2nd team always wins except against the 1st and 3rd, and the 3rd is assured victory only against 8. Suppose that the last round-robin match is 1 v. 3, and the ordering is 1,2,3,… if 1 wins, but 1,3,2,… if 3 wins. Then 1 will want to sandbag in order to allow 3 to choose an opponent 3 can beat for sure, so as to ensure that 3 gets to play 2 in the second round (as 1 only cares whether 1 plays 2 or not).
In fact, even allowing the top team to be a dictator is not IC, since I may have an incentive to lose in order to manipulate who chooses and hence give myself a better expected sequence of matches. So it may be that no mechanism that uses the information from the round robin is IC…
John yes. It appears that there is no hope of combating the incentive to manipulate the seed (or qualification status) of other teams. Tonight I will write up a summary and append it to the original post. There is a weak and reasonably useful form of Ic that we can satisfy. On the other hand if we insist on too strong a version we get impossibility.
[…] There’s a more technical discussion of incentive compatibility constraints in the design of the competition over at Cheap Talk. […]
I would add a twist to the idea that the top seed picks his opponent. The top seed is not allowed to pick the lowest seed.
Upon further reflection, is this “sandbagging” behavior really a problem? — if so, why? — that is, why is not putting in one’s best efforts or “sandbagging” (as some here have called it) “bad” or “wrongful” — presumably, each player will put in his best efforts in the final round of the competition, so why should we worry about pre-final round “sandbagging” or strategic behavior?
“in the 1982 FIFA World Cup, West Germany played Austria in the last match of group B. A West German victory by 1 or 2 goals would result in both teams advancing; any less and Germany was out; any more and Austria was out (and replaced by Algeria, who had just beaten Chile). West Germany attacked hard and scored after 10 minutes. Afterwards, the players then proceeded to just kick the ball around aimlessly for the remainder of the match. Algerian supporters were so angered that they waved banknotes at the players, while a German fan burned his German flag in disgust.[9] By the second half, the ARD commentator Eberhard Stanjek refused any further comment on the game, while the Austrian television commentator Robert Seeger advised viewers to switch off their sets. As a result, FIFA changed its tournament scheduling for subsequent World Cups so that the final pair of matches in each group are played simultaneously.”
+Michael Nuwer: Wow, great story. This would be solved by allowing Austria to forfeit the game down by one goal. It certainly highlights the problems of using goal differentials as a tiebreaker.
Dave Sirlin (a guy who’s set up fighting videogame tournaments, where “fake” matches where one player aims to lose are even more of a failure state) has an interesting article on the matter at http://www.sirlin.net/blog/2012/8/1/playing-to-win-in-badminton.html
Stage 0: An 6×8 matrix of 0 and 1 is drawn at random, subject to some “technical” conditions. 8 is the number of groups, 6 is the number of matches within each group, so each cell represents a match in the round-robin phase. 1 means that the match is valid and will count for qualification purposes, and 0 means it’s not. The matrix is not made public.
Is there any sport in which a team or player can choose their opponent? Choosing an opponent doesn’t seem like sport, and then there is the problem of respect for one’s opponent. If the top qualifier chooses an opponent, how is is image of disrespect managed?
+Michael Nuwer: I think it would be fun to see the teams struggle with managing the image of disrespect. Just picture the pre-game interviews…
The last 8 fighters competing in the finals qualify through minor tournaments. In an event prior to the fights, each fighter gets assigned a numbeer (1-8) by lottery which determines the order of choosing. The first one arbitrarily picks a slot and can only chose when to fight. The second one can then choose to directly fight the first one or pick another of the remaining 7 slots… and so on.
Fighters always strategically place themselves against weaker opponents or opponents that suit their style better. Every once in a while, this is used to make statements to show toughness by picking a very strong opponent in the first round..
[…] in the badminton tournament where some teams tried to lose, the cyclists are trying to win so going slow isn’t considered unsporting but it does make […]
I tried to link this post to the above MR post, but MR doesn’t let me — whatever happened to reciprocal altruism?
Giving the higher ranked teams a choice in their match ups gives them too much of an advantage when skill is not an ordinal value and some styles perform better than others. This is especially the case when teams from the same group (country in this case) are in the pairings and one sees they have an opportunity to knock out someone who is good against their other team.
The miscellaneous option to let the winner pick a W or L right after the match will avoid fake matches (The Sirlin link above is good), but it still gives an unfair advantage to matches scheduled later.
after the round robin phase, a new draw is made, with (i) either no seeds (ii) or with seeds determined by ranking within the round robin group (eg a group winner will be matched to a group runner-up).
I haven’t read a lot about this, but the problem reminds me of one that seems related. Suppose you have a contest with an elimination round followed by a final round, and a set of rules. My guess is that determining whether that set of rules is incentive-compatible is an NP-hard problem — it seems to resemble satisfiability, which is known to be NP-hard. Also, incentive compatibility, at least the definition I saw in Wikipedia, reminded me of the Gibbard-Satterthwaite Theorem — which raises the possibility that you may be drawing dead. I’m not sufficiently knowledgeable to go beyond that.
[…] people have floated different ideas for other competition formats, especially in response to a Cheap Talk blog post on the same topic. But I kinda like an idea suggested in a comment on Bobby’s post by… […]
[…] バトミントンの試合でわざと負けようとしたあの例のケースとは異なり、スプリントのレースに臨む選手たちはあくまでも勝つために速度を落としている。そのためいくらのろのろと走ったところで「スポーツマンシップに反する」と非難されることはないものの、観客たちは眼前で何ともおかしな光景が繰り広げられる様を目にすることになるというわけだ。 […]
“The academic and human capital specifications of our more and more innovation-driven economic climate helps to forge the most important partnerships to maintain our financial destiny brilliant. Advancing a Jobs-Driven economic system deals a compelling consultant to this serious work.” - Richard okay. Miller, President, Olin collage of Engineering “Advancing a Jobs-Driven economic climate highlights the significance of cross-sector collaboration and crossing limitations. we want the collaboration. And the improved the collaboration, the more advantageous our society and economic system will be.” -Dr. Freeman Hrabowski, President, collage of Maryland, Baltimore County “Business leaders needs to boost transparent pathways to STEM careers. This booklet offers a framework for the way enterprise, schooling, and groups can domesticate a sustainable pipeline of STEM talent.” -Michael Norris, COO, Sodexo what is going to it take to shut the talents hole and lead the STEM crew revolution? technology, know-how, engineering, and math are on the middle of the twenty first century jobs-driven economic climate, hard schooling associations and corporations to coach and resource an more and more technical crew. New types of partnership force scalable recommendations that have interaction underrepresented groups and equip scholars with the talents and capabilities that businesses call for. Aligning company, schooling, and neighborhood companions calls for that we reconsider and redecorate the procedure that helps STEM schooling and staff preparedness. What’s at stake? not anything below the sustainability of our faculties, the leading edge engines of our companies, the prosperity of groups, and the worldwide competitiveness of our economies.
Written for educators looking to interact scholars in collaboration and conversation approximately genuine situations, the ability of Role-Based e-Learning deals necessary, available suggestion at the perform and examine had to layout on-line function play. Drawing at the stories of world-leading practitioners and bringing up an array of globally examples, it's a readable, non-technical, and finished advisor to the layout, implementation, and review of this intriguing instructing procedure.
During this booklet, Johnston and Mangat think about ways that specific postcolonial and multicultural literary texts may be able to supply an area of cultural mediation for readers from numerous backgrounds. The reports defined within the 5 chapters of the publication discover the areas of convergence of identification, tradition and literature with scholars and lecturers in highschool contexts and undergraduates in college settings.
In a time while it sort of feels like we've got run into the bounds on what Marx, Dewey, and Freud may possibly carry for liberatory critique, this particularly uplifting publication seeks to spot a few promising considering and educating practices, particularly for paintings in our modern "corporate college of excellence. " With auto-ethnography as a baseline for mirrored image on her own educating lifestyles during this troubling political period, in addition to an insistence that each one scholars are destiny lecturers whether or not they search formal paintings in school rooms or no longer, Barbara Regenspan selects insights descending from her horribly imperfect trinity (Marx, Dewey, and Freud), to revaluate what it capacity to have "obligations to unknowable others" in our complicated and worldwide truth.
Considers Jewish stories as an instructional self-discipline from its origins to the current. the connection among Jewish reports and non secular experiences is an extended and intricate one, filled with tensions and probabilities. while nearly all of students operating inside Jewish stories contend that the self-discipline is in a really fit country, many that paintings in thought and process in spiritual reviews disagree.
The Profession and Practice of Adult Education: An Introduction (Jossey Bass Higher and Adult Education Series)
For our economy to reach its full potential we have to invest in the STEM talent pipeline, especially with students from underrepresented groups. At US2020, an operating division of Citizen Schools, we work to dramatically scale the number of STEM professionals mentoring and teaching students through hands–on projects, with a focus on serving underrepresented youth. We partner with companies, VFKRROV QRQ²SURÀWV JRYHUQPHQW DJHQFLHV DQG FRPPXQLWLHV DFURVV WKH FRXQWU\ LQ DQ effort to reveal the promise and the possibility of STEM.
The Opportunity We have an unprecedented opportunity before us: to create a vibrant, high performing workforce for the 21st century – especially in STEM, a call to action that is urgently needed for our nation’s success. To harness this opportunity, we have an evidence base of high impact practices drawn from education–industry–government partnerships, we have data and strategies on how to close the achievement and skills gaps, and we have a shared interest in tackling this problem from prominent leaders in business, higher education and government.
He is also chairman of the board of directors of the Foundation for Maine’s Community Colleges. S. Congress from 1983 to 1987 and then as governor for two, four–year terms from 1987 to 1995. During his two terms as governor, McKernan was chairman of the Education Commission of the States and the National Education Goals Panel and was recognized as an Outstanding Governor by the American Society for Training and Development. He is the author of Making the Grade, a book on youth apprenticeship. A.
How high is “UP”? The rich men who control world financial markets have an ulterior motive for manipulating stock indices. They not only steal money from stock investors tricked into buying stocks at market tops, but they also plan to implode the US and world economies in order to bring about their millennial dream of total control of all the peoples of the world. How close are we to that Biblically prophesied event? Soul Esprit is one of the most accurate Market Analysts in the world today; his economic forecasts are made with uncanny precision, and he documents his forecasts in advance of the actual occurrence of the event. Does he know when this major cataclysm will occur? This video provides insight into what will be a most significant world historical event.
On top of the difficulties which can originate from a bad Microsoft WPD FileSystem Volume Driver, a person may also go through a total shutdown, or 'blue screen'. A good number of laptop or computer hardware are interconnected with other segments, drivers and devices and therefore are predisposed to corruption prompted by almost any particular expired driver they get in touch with. Numerous issues may result in expired Microsoft WPD FileSystem Volume Driver (and also other driver), and the effected laptop is in danger of becoming slower or even rendered ineffective.
Rather then trying to track down each and every bad driver by hand. chances are you'll give some thought to employing a driver scanner to make it happen automatically, especially the moment you might be updating to a superior, more revised windows release. Using a hassle-free driver scanner application has turned into a common practice over the last three years or so. Getting hold of the driver model is very valuable for making the effort to track down the fitting up graded Microsoft WPD FileSystem Volume Driver. alas this cannot be performed by making use of windows device manager since the info displayed there is usually out-of-date itself.
Since many drivers will not be presented on the internet, it may be a very challenging job to seek to obtain each individual out of date driver on your laptop. Protecting the most up-to-date models of all your drivers is the foremost strategy for making sure your personal pc systems optimal operating constantly. Malfunctioning drivers may damage other types of drivers, so in case you seek to download Microsoft WPD FileSystem Volume Driver by hand be cautioned to look for other bad drivers also.
Dissimilar to if manually grabbing a driver, any time you utilize a scanner you have no need to type in the necessary driver model nor the unique name, nor any outline relating to the driver.
Originally I preferred to perform the process manually, yet unfortunately i couldn't get my windows manager to do it suitably, so i purchased the scanner and it came upon quite a number more ancient drivers. I had every one of them up-to-date so it is fine.
This windows manager wizard is considered to be simply the worst! what a ultimate waste of energy this windows manager. A total waste of time. Therefore I went for that scanner and this worked for me ( Microsoft WPD FileSystem Volume Driver).
Looks essentially exactly like the Microsoft WPD FileSystem Volume Driver worries I'm now fighting personally. manual set up creating hassles - the unknown partitions on my laptop computer, which i didn't realise about, stimulated the mount to post a red error messege. Can I conduct manual installation with no knowledge of which partition is pertinent? This Microsoft WPD FileSystem Volume Driver up-date sure has started to become an annoyance.
Scanner Works well together with windows vista, fixed almost all the driver issues furthermore the particular irritating Microsoft WPD FileSystem Volume Driver, which often brought on a number of extreme troubles.
"Extra's" Mario Lopez caught up with "The Fighter" star Mark Wahlberg as he was arriving to the 83rd Academy Awards -- and the actor hinted there might be a sequel to his Oscar-nominated film.
"Now we're gonna talk about doing No. 2," Wahlberg explained. "We're gonna do the Ward /Gatti trilogy and make it real," referring to the real-life Mickey Ward's three fights with his most fierce opponent, Arturo Gatti. "And you know what? You may want to play Gatti," the actor laughed with Lopez.
As for "The Fighter" being nominated, Wahlberg said, "It's crazy. We're just thrilled to be here. I told my wife, as a guy, you don't just want to go to the finals, you want to win. So we definitely want to win, but I'm not gonna be disappointed. I know at least two of my co-stars are gonna win. And the movie's been such a success, $90 million at the box office already!:
Cyrus will next be seen in the comedy "LOL," starring with Demi Moore as a teenager who navigates the peer pressure of high school romance and friendship, while dodging her sometimes overbearing and confused parents.
The Suzanne Collins' adaptation claimed the No. 1 spot this Easter holiday weekend, grossing an additional $33.5 million and bringing its domestic total to $302.8 million.
"The Hunger Games" also bested this week's openers, including the fourth "American Pie" installment, "American Reunion," which came in second place with $21.5 million and the 3D version of James Cameron's historical romance "Titanic," which was No. 3 with $17.4 million. The film first hit theaters Wednesday, so its five-day total is now $25.7 million.
great packages indeed! and that yellow one, on which that chocolate stain looks like a bird head (or doesn't it?)! I love it!
when i buy something it´s definitely a point in favor when something is wrapped up in a wonderful way (eating with the eyes)*
querido diário/Sara: When I was in Porto, I found that there were so many lovely packaging! I would also love to share chocolates with you! ;D
CNC miniature and micromachining services using Wire EDM, Sink EDM, and 5 Additionally, we also offer Photolithography and MicroMeso-Mechanical We offer Micro Machining of components, using conventional CNC Milling, One of our popular services, Micro Precision Swiss Turning, is similar to CNC lathing.
With our ability to perform precision micromachining and fabrication to micron our micro CNC milling and turning equipment can handle parts as small as .005"
Gears & Motion Control Custom Mechanical Components Airports & Hotels US Visitor Map. Swiss Turning. OVERVIEW; SPECS. Our custom components are found in critical applications from airbag deployment Our precision turned parts typically range in diameter from 0.3mm .0118” to micro milling CNC Milling.
Our precision CNC turning projects can handle parts from smallest miniatures to large 15” diameters. Our equipment is the latest in machine tool technology.
Claro offer a complete precision machining and subcontract engineering solution for CNC machined parts to ISO & ASEN quality standards.
Specifically, this means that stamped, fineblanked or micro-stamped parts can be used gears, motors, pumps, turbochargers and mechanical engineering. CNC multi-spindle drilling; Multi-spindle milling; Deep-hole drilling; Turning; Hard
lathe turning, CNC plastic machining, milling, and micro machining plastic, as well techniques like vapor polishing, flame polishing, and mechanical buffing. We expertly machine precision plastic components for a variety of customers in
McCormick Industries provides CNC milling services for the production of which allows us to produce high-quality milled components at a very competitive price. allow us to considerably improve milling precision without compromising speed. Additional specialty services, including micro-deburring and vibratory
Engineering Design Precision CNC Machining High Speed Micro Milling CNC Swiss Turning Specialty Machined parts CNC Machined Parts Blocking Sleeves Your precision machining jobs start with accurate programming. With all the complications that can turn your manufacturing process into mayhem, delivery
At Micro-Matics, we specialize in prototypes for difficult, close tolerance, high precision, screw machine parts as well as CNC Swiss turned parts.
precision. We propose low cost CNC micro machine tool and special algorithms for Mechanical parts will measurement of turned work piece diameter. For.
The average mechanical watch movement—say, from a Swiss Rolex In 2004, he founded Micro Precision Parts Manufacturing to tap into the “For half of them, you cant get parts anymore, so I investigated CNC machining to make some of the Having a machine that can turn parts and mill secondary features in one
Oct 19, 2017 What exactly is computer-numerical-controlled CNC machining? Its a means to make parts by removing material via high-speed, precision
One stop total solution of lathing and milling parts for you! At Chienfu, we make machining sourcing easy and time saving for you with certifications of ISO9001
Welcome to Rehtek Machine, top quality Precision CNC Machined Parts for Powered by Gibbs Mill-Turn We will lend our expertise and years of experience in manufacturing precision mechanical components to your new designs, or your . Rehteks is focused on micro machining parts from .005″ in diameter and up.
Machined, Turned CNC Precision Parts and Components customers needs in manufacturing high precision mechanical components for all kinds of industries
Computer numerical control CNC is the automation of machine tools by means of computers The parts mechanical dimensions are defined using computer-aided design Make fast, precision cuts, generally using indexable tools and drills. tools, or parts being machined, sometimes resulting in bending or breakage of
Find here Precision Metal Turned Parts suppliers, manufacturers, wholesalers, traders Extensively used in various mechanical and automobile industry, our more. . Our Micro Turned Parts find their usage in various industries. Metal Parts CNC Turned & Milled: We are engaged in offering a wide range of Metal Parts
and mechanical polishing capabilities, we are ready to machine your turned parts. For precision milling of small parts, our highly trained machinists utilize Our metal lathe turning equipment and experience in CNC lathe machining enable advantage producing precise yet economical micro diameter machined parts.
Haig Precision Mfg. Corp. is a CNC machining and precision sheet metal fabrication shop conveniently located in San Jose, California. Mechanical Assembly Our extensive CNC Milling & Turning capability combined with our CADCAM expertise allows us to efficiently create precision parts for our customers.
Dec 11, 2015 CNC machining Causes of failure of mechanical parts in machining of such as shrinkage, porosity, porosity, inclusion, micro cracks, etc.
Parts that have been heat treated, or must be heat treated prior to final lends itself to precision machining of features when conventional machining is inappropriate. Use of CNC machining combined with the latest Mitsubishi EDM equipment Tooling Micro Features via Swiss Turning on an aluminum consumer product.
dti EXACT™s advanced CNC turning is equipped with live tooling, allowing us to perform precision components, but are efficient enough to also machine simple parts at Additional services include CNC milling, brazing, adhesive bonding, and mechanical assembly. Micro Lasing Fixtures Waterjet Orifice Retainers
May 2, 2017 “Today, production of parts for the Calibre is only possible with the help of ultra-modern CNC-controlled precision machines and machining centers,” said Christian Indlekofer, The watch plate is the central component of a mechanical watch. This in turn causes particular problems for the index chuck.
The average mechanical watch movement – say, from a Swiss Rolex automatic The benchtop CNC mill and lathe served Cottons needs for about a year, but live tooling; having a machine that can turn parts and mill secondary features in
Apr 20, 2017 Do you have a part that is difficult to make? Let the experts at Digital Machining show you how to do it right with CNC machining, & Milling.
Passed away peacefully on Friday, July 13th, 2018. Wife of the late Burton (Bud) Petrie (1993). Beloved mother of David (Cindy) and Scott (Kathy). Adored grandmother of Melissa, Michael, Christopher (Emma) and Robert (Leslie). Great-grandmother of Harlynn. Predeceased by her sister, Doreen Dejong (2004). Dearly missed by many nieces and nephews and by her good friend Marie Harmer. There will be a private family service with interment at Mount Pleasant Cemetery. Our most sincere thanks for the support of the staff at Maple View Terrace and at Victoria Hospital. Those wishing to make a donation in memory of Jean are asked to consider their charity of choice.
Elvin & Nancy ParkerWe are so sorry to hear about Jean's passing. Colleen and Peter dropped by our home last night to tell us. She was a lovely lady and a wonderful sister to Doreen. I know she will be dearly missed by her family and friends. We will be thinking of all of you on Tuesday when you say goodbye.
Glenn and Marilyn ChesneyDear Scott & Kathy & Family Our thoughts and prayers are with you at this time. You will have many good memories to help you through this sad time.
Marie HarmerTo Scott and David and family It is with such a heavy heart that I write this message in memory of my dear friend Jeannie. I extend my sincere sympathy to you and your families in the loss of such a wonderful Mother, Grandmother and friend. I will truly miss my weekly phone call with Jeannie and our reminiscing over our working days. We would laugh and remember the craziest things. She always ended our conversations by saying "when I call you up, you make me laugh. It is as good as a dose of medicine." Love Marie Harmer
Irene LennoxI would like to extend my sincere sympathy to David, Scott and to your families. My thoughts and prayers are with you at this sad time. I am truly blessed to have met your Mom 40 years ago. We started working together and became wonderful friends. I loved talking to Jean and my goal was to make her laugh! I loved her and will miss her dearly. Jean I will miss our talks and our laughs, love Rene xo
You’re looking for the best free PC games to play or to download, aren’t you? Each time you come back you’ll find something new to try! At our website you can instantly and safely enjoy free downloadable games.
Did you know the average annual income for a video game tester is actually $39,063? Very pleasant when getting paid to sit on your favorite couch playing video games in the comfort of your own home. So, if you haven't yet checked out this amazing opportunity, don't you think you owe it right now?
My MGB with AA wiring uses a 3 post flasher unit for both the turn signals and the hazard. I had an issue with the battery draining over time and eventually tracked it down to the flasher unit. There are now a bunch of 3 post flashers available. I was using one that had "35" in the number and had a 36 in the turn signal circuit. The hazard circuit showed a 200 ohm resistance when switched off and with the fuse pulled. That's a continuous 65ma drain and will ded the battery over a week or so of unuse. Switching the flasher to the 36 fixed it.
I may have got the numbers backwards. If you have this problem just pull the fuse and check for voltage across it. If there is, you can check resistance on the load side to ground, it should be infinite.
I am almost able to do this myself, but I'm not sure of the PHP quite yet. Flynn, you helped me make the logo area into 3 table cells so I could put a logo image there plus an ad. I actually turned it into 2 cells.
Now I need to be able to have a different banner ad show in the right table cell just on a certain category. I know I'd do an "if is catgory ()" sort of statement, but I'm not sure where to put it in the header config file. My file right now has this in it:
I want to have a different csBanner ad where the code in red is, on my Obituaries and Garden Guide category posts.
The obits page in action now shows a funeral home ad, the sponsor of the section, in the right sidebar, but I want to put a smaller version of it where the Sotheby's/Plates/Coughlin ads are now.
I need separate code for Obituaries and Garden Guide. Each of these categories will have a different sponsor. So I need 3 instances of the Javascript banner ad code, for Obituaries, Garden Guide and the rest of the site. I'm unsure of how to arrange the 2 versions of the code, plus the site-wide code.
However, now the correct ads show on the category main page, but not on individual posts in the category. Ignore the funeral home ad in the right sidebar. That was my work-around if I couldn't get the top ad to work.
Why not make this an option in the theme options area? I would think many people would want to be able to use the logo area this way. Or have a separate ad banner spot up there, easily configurable for different sizes of logos and ads. The way I did it, with a TD spanning 2 columns for the logo and a TD for the ad works nicely. The refinement of letting the user show different ads in different categories is really super.
Maybe the person wouldn't put ads up there, just different kinds of images for different parts of his site.
For my part, I fear that the person who will eventually take over my job will not be as willing to get into the core files as I have been, so making this easy is important.
Privacy & Cookies: this site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. To find out more, including how to control cookies, see Cookie Policy. Informativa sui cookie
Purple Deer Bow – Cheeky Chickadee Store {% elsif settings.app_wk_icon == "star" %} {% endif %} {% elsif settings.app_wk_icon == "star" %} {% endif %}
1. Automatically receive FREE SHIPPING for Australian orders over $25 and for international orders over $100 at checkout
4. Your Cheeky Chickadee goodies should arrive within 2-5 days in Australia or 5-15 days internationally
We have Express Shipping available as an option at checkout for just $5 for Australian orders. Order by 3pm on a business day and we'll have your order to you on the next business day.
We offer 30 DAYS PEACE OF MIND RETURNS in case you need to change the items you’ve received for any reason.
3. Pop the item in the post and send back to us via your preferred trackable delivery method. If the item is faulty, then we’ll cover this shipping cost.
4. Once we’ve received the item back to us within 30 days and have confirmed it’s in an unused condition with tags still attached, we’ll happily exchange your items for store credit (valid for 12 Months).
5. Then once you’ve ordered the new items you’d like to purchase with your store credit, we’ll ship your new order back to you free of charge in line with our FREE SHIPPING policy.
Designed in Sydney by a Mum of four, Cheeky Chickadee is a fun, bright, Australian childrenswear brand based on one of a kind animal prints that make kids smile. Our clothing and swimwear is designed to stand out, soft to touch, made to last and most importantly, lets kids be kids.
{{name}} {{#if variation}} {{variation}} {{/if}} {{#properties}} {{#each this}} {{#if this}} {{@key}}: {{this}} {{/if}} {{/each}} {{/properties}}
Thanks For the Big Leaf, Mom! - Daily Squee - Cute Animals - Cute Baby Animals - Cute Animal Pictures - Animal Gifs - GIF Animals
You can find more Hathaway alumni who participated in activities at Classmates.com®. Click here to join Classmates.com® for free and to view HHS profiles.
Choose an activity that students at Hathaway HS could particpate during their time in high school in Jennings to view the names of the students who participated in that sport or activity. You can also add yourself to the list.	The main activities at Hathaway that have members on this site were Art Club, Band, Baseball, Basketball, Cheerleading, Cross Country, Dance, Drama, Football, Gymnastics, Music, Newspaper, Rugby, Softball, Student Council, Tennis, Track, Volleyball, Wrestling and Yearbook.
If you are an alumn of Hathaway HS you should register now in the alumni directory. We also encourage you to interact with the rest of the alumni on this site. You can find old friends, share photos and stay updated on the latest school news.
Whatever the scale of operation, Blue Seal Evolution Series Oven Ranges have a gas or electric option to suit. Specifications: * Four open burners with electric static oven * Heavy-duty ...
Whatever the scale of operation, Blue Seal Evolution Series Oven Ranges have a gas or electric option to suit. Specifications: * Six open burners with electric static oven * Heavy-duty ...
Whatever the scale of operation, Blue Seal Evolution Series Oven Ranges have a gas or electric option to suit. Specifications: * Eight open burners with electric static oven * Heavy-duty ...
Blue Seal Evolution Series 900mm Target Tops come as stand-alone hobs, or with a choice of four base units – cabinet base, leg stand, refrigeration base, or oven base (static/convection, ...
If you like our channel and don't want to miss a thing, please show your support by subscribing. We have also dedicated channels for Our own Playscope ...
In this video, I show you some gameplay of a classic game that many football fans will remember from PS2/Xbox, which is Fifa Street, the original version.
Fifa street 2 On Xbox original "[Name of the Microsoft Game] © Microsoft Corporation. [Fifa street 2 Gameplay HD] was created under Microsoft's "Game Content ...
Here is a video short I made featuring some sick tricks and goals. Enjoy :) HIGH QUALITY VERSION: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wP409804abE&fmt=18 ...
Ute Mountain from the Wild and Scenic Rivers Recreation Area of the Rio Grande del Norte National Monument. An image made in April with a little dusting of snow on Ute Mountain. Thanks for looking. G
Today I'll share a lifepages spread and I'll tell you about my life pages. I used only GossamerBlue September Lifepage kit for this page.
What size album(lifepages) do you like?? After I finished a 9x12 sized lifepages album, I went back to a 12x12 sized album. I don't know what size is good for me!!! I've used 6x8 size for December album. I'm trying using various sized album. At the beginning I started on 12x12 size. But because I felt that the size is too large to fill with my photos. So I look for a new one, it is 9x12 size. :) Recently I found awesome size! It's 6x12 size. :)
My page is usually simple and clean. There are not many embellishment on the page. It is because I use many photos or big photos. As I create a scrapbooking, I rarely use 4x6 sized photos. But I like to use the size on lifepages spread. I love the single embellishment on a 4x6 sized photo!! So it is perfect to use chipboard & sticker set from kit.
I often finish to stamp a date on journal cards with a tiny date stamp. The mine is that I bought it on local shop. I hope a cute roller date stamp will be released from GossamerBlue Kit!! :) I can't imagine the page without a coffee photo! I love all coffee in the world. The Instax shapre ps-2 is my second photo printer. It is a new fun toy! I like the white frame and the vintage film of it.
And sequin is a good accent on simple page like mine. What do you think my lifepages story? I hope you'll enjoy my page and the story. And I'd like to listen yours! Thank you for stopping by.
What is the quality guarantee of your CD DVD Replication and Duplication product?We will state one more time that no product we have shipped in the last 7 years has been returned.
South Lake Tahoe we are your fast, dependable CD and DVD Replication and Duplication Manufacturer near you. No one is faster and no one can match our quality and price.
Isomedia leads South Lake Tahoe in CD and DVD Production with the very best in service and value. We supply South Lake Tahoe bands, businesses, and film makers.
At Isomedia, serving South Lake Tahoe region, you are dealing directly with the manufacturer for your CDs and DVDs... not a broker or middleman. We provide factory-direct disc replication as well as short-run CD and DVD duplication services with all the most popular print and packaging solutions.
Greetings Fargo! We are your fast, dependable CD and DVD Replication and Duplication Facility right near you. No one offers better turn-around time and delivery or lower prices and higher quality.
We are proud to support Music Bands of your city and town as well as film makers and many businesses.
At Isomedia, you are dealing directly with the manufacturer for your CDs and DVDs... not a broker or middleman. We provide factory-direct disc replication as well as short-run CD and DVD duplication services with all the most popular print and packaging solutions. Request a custom quote today (click here), or send an email to sales@isomediainc.com, or calling 1-888-663-1656. We would be happy to discuss your project for CD replication, CD duplication, DVD replication, or DVD duplication.
Although Isomedia is not physically located in Fargo, we are the nearest factory to you. We guarantee that not only will we offer high-quality disc manufacturing at the lowest price and quickest turn-arounds ( 5-6 days for CD s and 6-7 days for DVDs RETAIL READY), but also provide the lowest possible shipping to get your product straight to your door!
The purpose of the book is to take a basic computer system and show you how every part works. It is taught from a technicians point of view, not an engineer's. These are the things that are taught in the book. Digital electronic components, digital logic circuits, CPU theory, computer system theory, assembly language theory, and machine code operation.
The book contains a basic computer system block and schematic diagram and a computer simulator with a display that executes assembly code. The author programmed a simple video game on the simulator to demonstrate all the software and hardware principles in the book. Learning everything there is to know about computers is a long process that needs to be taught in a classroom setting.
In this book, the author hs concentrated on the most important issues. This will give the reader a huge head start before going to college or working on home projects.
Django for WordPress Developers Created by Richard Miles Last updated 10/2016 English Created by Richard Miles Created by Richard Miles …
Introduction To Python For Ethical Hacking Created by Nikhil Parekh Last updated 7/2016 English Created by Nikhil Parekh Created by …
Taming Big Data with Apache Spark and Python – Hands On! Created by Sundog Education by Frank Kane, Frank Kane …
Web Scraping with Python: BeautifulSoup, Requests & Selenium Created by GoTrained Academy, Waqar Ahmed Last updated 5/2018 English Created by …
The Complete Web Developer Course 2.0 Created by Rob Percival Last updated 12/2017 English Created by Rob Percival Created by …
Data Science, Deep Learning, & Machine Learning with Python Best Seller Created by Sundog Education by Frank Kane, Frank Kane …
Google Chrome no longer supports Unity. If you are using Chrome, please use another browser to play this game.
Oh, no! Zombies are everywhere in Infected Pixel, buddies! How to escape from this terrified place? Try to survive 5 waves of the zombie attack from all the sides. Be brave!
Jumping into this 3D pixelated world, your ultimate mission is to stop the outbreak of the bloodthirsty creatures as soon as possible. How? Quickly purchase ammo and be ready to fight like there's no tomorrow with the deadly undead. Prepare the gun, and then, shoot bullets toward the enemies to kill them all. Don't let them infect innocent humans â€“ move through the spaces and confidently blast the zombies all to pieces. You need to stay alive in this place as you're the only hope of the citizens here. Kill more zombies for more money: take the earned money to buy health, advanced weapons, and more to aid you on the later duties.
Can you gather all the important elements to craft a deadly cure on the enemies? Have a good time in Infected Pixel!
Emmanuel Macron, who has come under fire as a president of the rich after implementing tax cuts for the wealthy and for companies, is set to outline his anti-poverty strategy on Thursday
French President Emmanuel Macron’s government plans to spend eight billion euros to tackle poverty, its spokesman said in a newspaper interview released on Wednesday.
Macron, who has come under fire as a president of the rich after implementing tax cuts for the wealthy and for companies, is set to outline his anti-poverty strategy on Thursday.
“Our poverty plan is worth 8 billion euros, spread over four years,” government spokesman Benjamin Griveaux told the free newspaper 20 Minutes.
“It’s a very strong political choice at a time when we are paying very close attention to public spending.”
The INSEE statistics agency estimates that in 2016 some 8.8 million people in France were living in poverty, defined as 60 percent of the median income. That was equivalent to 14 percent of the population.
Griveaux did not say whether the money would come from fresh funds or existing cash reallocated from other budgets.
Macron’s poverty plan, which has already been delayed once, has been much anticipated as he seeks to convince voters that his reform agenda does not benefit only the wealthy and businesses.
Griveaux did not specify how the money would be spent but said the government planned several measures to get people either back to work or into better jobs. While various welfare programmes have been expanded over the last two decades, Griveaux said they had failed to root out the causes of poverty.
To use Cyware you must have cookies enabled. By Registering or Signing in, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy. You can also signup using Google Account. We will not use your credentials to import contacts or post anything on your account without your permission.For more info, please see Login FAQ.
Our attachment to technology and the never ending connectivity between work and personal lives has created a faster, smarter and an emerging market that is filled with data and vulnerabilities. Cyber crime is rising constantly and the businesses are extremely vulnerable due to ineffective cyber security. Keeping up to date with the cyber security news today and knowing about security solutions is essential for all types of businesses, particularly when you think about how important the internet and your digitized systems are for your day-to-day operations. Cyware is your first stop for cyber security news today and cyber security updates where you know about the latest cyber threats, potential defenses against those attacks and key technologies as well as practices which may help protect your most sensitive data in the future. It is the perfect platform where the enterprise security managers and decision makers can embrace new ideas, get answers to different IT security questions and solve the most pressing problems.
In today’s time of competitive offerings and choice, customers do not possess the same brand loyalty that they once did. They value the companies which use advanced technology and prioritize safeguarding their personal information by keeping themselves updated. For any company to remain updated and ahead of hackers, it needs to arm itself with real-time latest cybersecurity news articles and top cyber security news.
A breach, mishandling of customer data or any vulnerability can be the tipping point for your customers to switch brands. Some customers have zero tolerance for a hack. Even if the problem is fixed by the company, negative sentiments may be so much entrenched that perception is forever skewed.
Cyware is one of the best cyber security news sites which drills deeper into all types of challenges of cyber security community. There are cyber security updates on attacks and breaches, cloud security, application security, data leaks and insider threats, mobile security, network and perimeter security, endpoint security and privacy, risk management and compliance, vulnerabilities and threats, etc. Being one of the best cyber security news sites, the editors and subject matter experts at Cyware collaborate with technology specialists, security researchers and industry analysts to provide you latest top cyber security news and informative cyber security news articles. Intelligent and strategic implementation of cyber security solutions can pave the way for a harmonic cyber ecosystem which adheres to the policies and standards, ensuring the safe advancement of some of the most emerging technologies of our time.
Cyware is a first-of-its-kind, comprehensive cyber situational awareness platform, designed to help you stay informed about the latest happenings in the cyber world with expertly curated news stories and updates.
The cyber threat landscape is changing rapidly, and cybersecurity news has claimed its spot on the front pages in recent months. It's not easy to find the right information from tens of thousands of cyber news articles and feeds published every day. Our machine learning based curation engine brings you the most relevant cyber content based on your needs.
From the latest cyber security trends and innovations to new malware, vulnerabilities and threat intelligence, we bring you the most up-to date and relevant cyber updates and news alerts.
A throwback from earlier days in Europe when friends gathered to talk, laugh and seek a more meaningful experience of living through the wisdom of art, literature, science, politics, ethics, etc. The Salon is a hospitable space for those who prefer a more human-centered approach to life. We won’t be praying prayers. We won’t be singing hymns. But, we will be exploring and celebrating that “spark” which inspires beauty and ignites passions. The Salon is perfect for those who want to…
Sanctuary comes from the Latin for “sacred place.” Sanctuary maintains a faithfulness to Christian worship tradition and practice but in a way that’s fresh, lively and consistent with progressive theology and witness. We will sing hymns, enjoy beautiful choir and organ music, offer praise and prayers, and engage with sermons that are challenging and inspiring. We have a come as you are rule. Don’t worry about wearing your Sunday best – dress in whatever way you feel comfortable. You’ll find…
Kitchen Design Degree Kitchen Design Degree 28 Kitchen Design Degree Kitchen Cabinets 45 Style is creative interior decorating ideas and expressive decor accessories into personal living spaces. Kitchen Design Degree Kitchen Design Degree 28 Kitchen Design Degree Kitchen Cabinets 45 Style, offering seducing retreats where people relax and get rest, although modern innovative design ideas and unusual solutions will influence contemporary design in November 22, 2017, creating unique, interesting and charming rooms.
Q: I recently received an electric bill that I thought was abnormally high. Should I ask my electric company to check the accuracy of my meter, or is there something else that could be the cause?
A: Occasionally the REMC gets calls from members who are concerned that their electric bill is higher than usual. Many times the member wants the REMC to check the meter for problems, but most of the time the issue that causes the high bill is on the customer's side of the meter.
The most common sources of high energy bills are changes in weather, (which result in your heating or cooling system working harder) an addition of an appliance to the home, an additional person residing in a home, or appliance that operates inefficiently.
If you should receive a bill that seems higher than usual, first compare it with your bill from the same month of the previous year. Seasonal temperature changes commonly cause energy usage to fluctuate. Your heating system works harder in January and February, while your cooling system is often pushed to its limits in July and August. Also remember the bill you receive is for the previous month's usage and it may be hard to imagine on a pleasant September day, how hot it was just a month ago.
If you can't relate your high bill to a temperature change, think about other possible changes your household may have incurred since the previous bill. You should also be sure your home is operating at its optimum efficiency. Listed below are several things you can check in your own home to be sure you are using energy as efficiently as possible.
Is your ductwork airtight, with no leaks and sealed with mastic? (Duct tape should never be used to seal HVAC ducts.)
Is your ductwork located inside the conditioned envelope of your house? (Not in the attic or in an uninsulated crawl space.)
Has your heating and cooling system been inspected by a licensed HVAC contractor within the past six moths?
Is the thermostat set no lower than 78 degrees in the summer and no higher than 68 degrees in the winter?
The REMC also holds energy efficiency seminars at the Corydon office each month to teach ways to cut current energy bills, or to build new homes with low energy bills. A schedule of the meetings is published in the "Seminars & Events" section of this web site.
Touchstone Energy® Cooperatives is a national network of electric cooperatives across 46 states that provides resources and leverages partnerships to help member cooperatives and their employees better engage and serve their members. By working together, Touchstone Energy cooperatives stand as a source of power and information to their 32 million member-owners every day.
Published by Jeane Kerry, at Monday, August 06th , 2018 - 04:47:34 AM, in Home Exterior & Interior category.
Published by Jeane Kerry, at Monday, August 06th , 2018 - 08:00:05 AM, in Home Exterior & Interior category.
Published by Liona Mercer, at Monday, August 06th , 2018 - 06:47:20 AM, in Home Inspirations category.
sofa with storage for sale philippines sofa with storage vancouver corner sofa with storage ebay sofa with storage bench sofa end storage unit sofa with bed storage corner sofa bed with storage groupon sofa with storage back sofa bed with storage amazon sofa bed with storage next day delivery chaise sofa with storage ottoman costco leather sofa with storage ottoman sofa with storage price ikea sofa with storage and bed sofa with storage box india
♡ My name is Lillian, 22 years crumbling from Arvada: I like clean hackneyed guys, who question out in a crowd. If you're someone that falls in love after 10 seconds of talking to someone, do not rise I analogous music very lots and can't take it as given my life past it. Stubborn, quick tempered, detailed, impatient.
♡ My name is Alyson, 28 years old from Surprise: #13 i uniform men that realize how to grin and laugh and can also coin me smile and laugh. I'm a swimmer/runner who takes amazing care of my body and is curvy in the right places. I want it from a human beings Sex with soft man moans. I am hot, good appearing, cute, and a professional under 50. So, if you are.
Tags: Femdom handjob More Videos Handjob in Sauna tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now!
The expedition studying the seabed of the Guanahacabibes peninsula in Cuba’s far western Pinar del Rio province, found more than 10 new species thanks to a project that receives cooperation from Canadian specialists.
Twice a year this research project is carried out, centering its interest on mollusks, because according to scientists, they are the best way to diagnose the state of ecosystems.
The area is well-preserved and far removed from any urban or industrial areas, thus providing the ideal setting for such findings.
All along the southern coast of the Guanahacabibes National Park is a Protected Marine Area designated by the Executive Committee of the Council of Ministers in 2001.
The research project is carried out under the guidance and supervision of the Office for the Integrated Development of the extreme western area of Cuba, with the participation of several institutions including Geocuba and the Institute of Oceanology.
Guillermo Baena of the Office for the Integrated Development said the project is centered on three main topics. One concerns updating the geographical information system; another deals with environment related issues, and the third is linked to environmental education. Baena said the research will provide very important data for the decision making process related to the sustainable development of the area.
Dr. Jesus Ortea, professor of the University of Oviedo and associate professor of the Institute of Oceanology, said a marine reserve is justified if there is a rich fauna, and the possibility that in the event of a catastrophe in the area, there is a flow of larvae to other affected areas, contributing to its recovery.
In case of a catastrophe in the Florida coasts or in the Yucatan peninsula, Guanahacabibes, (strategically located in the Caribbean and the entrance to the Gulf of Mexico and with its surrounding water circulation) can provide fauna in a natural way to help recovery.
According to the scientist, the aim of the project is to make an inventory of a focal point that already exceeds 700 species. At the same time it seeks to register the rest of the fauna, in order to define the strategic value, its richness and be able to quantify the importance of the peninsula. These results could have a wide reaching scope, because half of the marine fauna of the nation may be represented there.
If a marine reserve system is developed in Cuba, where one hundred percent of the species are fully protected, then the survival of the fauna will be protected against any catastrophe, said the scientist.
According to Dr. Jose Espinosa Ph.D. from the Institute of Oceanology and one of the participants of the expedition from 2002 to 2005, 27 species new to science have been found, as well as 37 new registers for Cuba.
Now the fauna in caves is under research for the first time and provides significant information and perhaps even new species, he stated.
Although about 90 percent of the species in the peninsula also have a presence all over the western and insular Caribbean (they can be found in the majority of the Cuban coasts) there are many species that are of direct development, meaning that they are endemic to the zone.
Of those, so far there are 12 that we believe are exclusive here, identified in the areas of Cape San Antonio and Maria La Gorda, said Espinosa. He added that there is a large area to carry out research in the North of the Guanahacabibes Peninsula, where the coast has many inlets and the ecosystems show a great complexity.
Espinosa had the opportunity to do a scuba diving exploration just a week after the extremely powerful hurricane Ivan had struck the area in 2004.
“Everything was very scrambled, but we knew that the potentials of tropical ecosystems are very high,” he said. “Ever since the peninsula has existed it has suffered the effects of many cyclones, and these phenomena may be, to a certain extent, beneficial, because while they can temporarily cause damage, they later remodel new sea bottoms, and provide an opportunity so that life may make a more intense comeback. This is what we are finding here,” he affirmed.
For the first time ever, an inventory of the algae of this area is also underway. Institute of Oceanology technician Macario Esquivel considers it of great importance because the algae provide oxygen, provide food and shelter to different species and contribute esthetically as an element of the landscape.
It wasn’t by chance that a group of tourists just returning from a morning diving tour at the international scuba diving center of Maria la Gorda described what they had seen as marvelous, stupendous and incredible.
A Massachusetts based media network | 508 744 6790 | .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
To remain competitive in today’s metal tube market, tube manufacturers must meet their customer’s increasingly difficult demands for tubes with diverse applications. Tubes are used in products across a broad range of industries, including automotive, aerospace, appliances, medical, health and fitness, HVAC, furniture, and storage. There are numerous applications, with more being developed all the time, resulting in various shapes, lengths, and materials. This variety does not reduce the demand for high quality, fast delivery, and competitive prices. Tube manufacturers must respond to each customer’s ever changing requirements while controlling production costs in order to achieve the margins needed to invest in their business. Today’s metal tube market poses a very complex set of problems for tube manufacturers.
Haven’s KleenCut supported shear cutting technology is near burr-free, typically requiring no end-finishing, and with none of the material loss associated with saw systems. They have high throughput, cutting up to 5,700 pieces per hour with cut length tolerance of +/-0.010 inch (+/- 0.25mm). Although the life of cutting tools varies with tube material and wall thickness, the KleenCut system offers outstanding tool cost with mild steel applications yielding over150,000 cuts prior to re-sharpening. The tool design allows up to 75 re-sharpenings further lowering the cost per cut. KleenCut has simple changeover. Conventional depth micrometers position the dies and punches to the cut centerline. Cut cylinder stroke is adjusted from the operator panel. The amount of stroke per cylinder and the distance the vertical cylinder travels before the horizontal cylinder fires are entered on the keypad. This gives tube manufacturers the ability to profitably accept smaller quantity orders. This flexibility increases new business but also helps retain current customers with smaller projects. Haven’s products, like KleenCut machines, have an international reputation for reliability and machine uptime. When combined with their fast service, Haven’s products have highest availability in the industry and the lowest total cost of ownership.
We are a welcoming community based upon the human personifications of the star signs and other constellations and stars, we're always looking for new members!
Description: Bed spreads available in various Sizes are made of Cotton fabric, 1 Cm Satin Fabric and Polyester fabric. Fabulous Bed Spreads add a touch of Allure to your Bedroom.
Meta Description: Bed spreads available in various Sizes are made of Cotton fabric, 1 Cm Satin Fabric and Polyester fabric. Fabulous Bed Spreads add a touch of Allure to your Bedroom.
Powered by powered by phpLD | Designed by Herlight Web Directory | Designed v4.1 by Free Directory List
The addition of new Compozit windows can save fuel consumption while also increasing your home value's sustainability. You should think of new replacement windows as an investment that will enhance your living. - Read more
TiTaN’s onsite hypochlorite systems are automated chlorinator packages, single cell standard unit or packages & modular based large capacity units and can be supplied as skid mount or containerized, fully integrated package or as loose components. TiTaN guarantees a high level of performance for every units and ensures rapid response to emergency repairs and recoating cells, upgrading to new technology and integrating current systems with custom built modifications. - Read more
The on-site sodium hypochlorite generation (Electrochlorination) systems operates by the principle of electrolyzing the brine solution (NaCl) or sea water. On-site production of sodium hypochlorite is a proven, cost-effective, reliable and safe solution and eliminates the use of hazardous disinfection chemicals such as gaseous chlorine, commercial sodium hypochlorite etc.Continuous production of disinfection solution reduces the formation of disinfection by-products and improves the water quality. The system’s flexibility makes for a robust disinfection system and quick system installation. - Read more
Cairo Minerals produce and supply different type of sand and gravel, serving both trade and domestic customers and we provide fast and friendly delivery services. - Read more
ROLEX CARD based in Mumbai, India offers an exclusive collection of Exquisite Indian Wedding Cards online.Our team designs state-of-the-art products that make way for Innovative Printing Techniques and Treatments, which makes us Pioneers in the area of Bespoke Couture Wedding ROLEX CARD stands with a strong commitment towards Innovation, Excellence and Creativity. - Read more
Market Sizing Reports, Market Research Reports, Market Research Consulting, Industry Research Reports, Global Strategic Business Reports, Competitive Landscape Analysis, Consulting Client Research, Consulting Market Analysis, Market Research Advisory, Custom Market Research, etc. Mordor Intelligence offers them all at affordable prices. - Read more
AMBAL PREMIER wax rolls is in the field of manufacturing wax rolls for a decade. We are renowned for
AMBAL PREMIER wax rolls is in the field of manufacturing wax rolls for a decade. We are renowned for manufacturing quality wax rolls for various industries. - Read more
Every industrial revolution – even as it brings disruptions – ultimately delivers more jobs, opportunity and progress, connecting people even more closely to the world around them.
As Human Genome Editing Moves from the Lab to the Clinic, the Ethical Debate is No Longer Hypothetical… https://t.co/MIBhWcNb8v
freeflashmp3player.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] freeflashmp3player.com.
The Institute for Innovation in Large Organizations (ILO) is a membership organization for large companies, government agencies, and not-for-profits, bringing together senior executives leading innovation for knowledge sharing and community building.
We host about 40 invitation-only events each year in North America, Europe and Asia, all limited to 20 participants in a non-commercial environment that encourages candid conversation and sharing of emerging challenges and opportunities. We also conduct best-practices research for our members, and have about 300 completed reports in our research library that circulate among our members.
Launched in 2005, we are proud of the many organizations from the Global 2000 who have participated as members in our institute, ranging from Alcatel-Lucent to Zoetis. Current membership is capped at 50 organizations and includes AT&T, Kaiser Permanente, NASA, Pfizer, and the University of Alabama, among many others.
Tommy Hilfiger uses cookies, JavaScript and HTML 5 and other digital technologies (“cookies”) on Tommy.com that enable the collection of information from your device. Cookies are used to operate the website, measure website audience, provide social media functionality and enable advertising and targeting. When you click on a hyperlink on this website you are providing us with your consent to place these cookies on your device in accordance with our cookie notice. If you wish to withhold your consent please click the “more info” button below and un-tick the box of your choice. If collected information contains personal data we will process it in accordance with our privacy notice. More Info
These cookies ensure that you can use the basic functionality of the website and are therefore always enabled. They remember your selection and the choices you make to improve your experience on our website. They also help make the shopping cart and checkout process possible as well as assist in security issues and conforming to regulations.
These cookies allow us to further develop and improve the website’s functionality by tracking usage on this website. In some cases they improve the speed with which we can process your request and allow us to remember site preferences you have selected. De-selecting these cookies may result in an inability to set website preferences and slow website performance.
Social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to social networks and share content from our website on social media. Information that we obtain from advertising cookies is used to maintain your personal advertising profile. These cookies also help us to include you in a particular online audience in our Data Management Platform. Our purpose with your profile and your inclusion in an online audience in our DMP is to provide you with effective targeted advertising. We may for example try to determine what you are most likely to buy from us soon and show you an advertisement for such item. Based on your profile we may also show you tailored content on our website. For more information check our privacy notice and cookie policy. Deselecting these cookies may result in advertising that is not relevant to you or you may potentially not be effective in connecting to or engaging with social media
You have been successfully signed up to the newsletter. We will be sending your discount code to your inbox shortly.
I confirm that I have read and accepted the terms and conditions of the online store including its privacy notice.
Sign up for newsletter. By subscribing to Tommy Hilfiger’s newsletter, I understand and accept that my personal data will be sent to and processed by/on behalf of the responsible data-controlling entity Tommy Hilfiger in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, for the purpose of sending me the latest product and promotional information by any form of communication including but not limited to email, phone and/or post. See also our privacy notice.
If your email is associated with an account, you will receive an email with forget password instructions.
Sign up to our newsletter and get exclusive access to our pre-sales, sneak previews of our new collections and insider style advice.
By subscribing to Tommy Hilfiger’s newsletter, I understand and accept that my personal data will be sent to and processed by/on behalf of the responsible data-controlling entity Tommy Hilfiger in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, for the purpose of sending me the latest product and promotional information by any form of communication including but not limited to email, phone and/or post. See also our privacy notice.
Sign up for newsletter By subscribing to Tommy Hilfiger’s newsletter, I understand and accept that my personal data will be sent to and processed by/on behalf of the responsible data-controlling entity Tommy Hilfiger in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, for the purpose of sending me the latest product and promotional information by any form of communication including but not limited to email, phone and/or post. See also our privacy notice. Accept terms and conditions
Crafted with a fluffy textured finish, this sweatshirt is completed by a bold blocky logo in smooth contrast terry fabric.
You can also have your brothers or sisters to join the site.don`t forget to bring your friends along to.
the mission to sucess is a mission to get people with dsi's to join the site. the one thing to complete this mission is to have people combine with me an advertise this site and to have freinds or family join the site. if you would help thank you and to notify my by a comment or private message and for the people that can or will help get more people online and more people to advertise this site then you should know that you are wanted to help and dont be shy to tell me cause it will eventually do you some good in the future. you may email me at diddy103@hotmail.com if you would like to help send a email please a.s.a.p and thank you to anybody that will help improve the future site or tomarrows site.
Join Screen Heroes live Tuesday nights 9PM EST \ 8PM CST at twitch.tv/heroespodcasts. Chat with us during the show!
It’s time for the 2nd Annual Screen Heroes Awards! We sent out 30 categories across movies, TV, and video games! Then we had you, the listener vote. Now, we’ll see who won each category and which voting viewers will take home a prize in our contest! What do you think of our Screen Heroes Awards…
It’s time to return to the Harry Potter Universe with the release of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which just landed in U.S. theaters last weekend. The new film that takes place in the 1920s was penned by J.K. Rowling herself and stars Eddie Redmayne, Katherine Waterston, Dan Fogler, Alison Sudol, and Colin Farrell….
With 2015 coming to a close, we can look back at some amazing films. We finally got a major blockbuster sequel to Jurassic Park. We closed out the Marvel Cinematic Universe Phase 2 with Avengers: Age of Ultron and Ant-Man. We rebelled against the Capitol with Katniss to close out The Hunger Games. We saw Pixar’s first two-movie year featuring…
Harry Potter was a phenomenon the world had never seen before and may not see again. Seven books and eight movies were responsible for breaking records, spawning a massive following, theme parks, food, and countless merchandising opportunities that my wallet has fallen victim to multiple times. Its effect on the world has been no less than…
Adam, I think being locked up is saving your life for now. You and I are both scared to death for you to come home to the same environment but, I think this time together we can do it!!! We know a lot more now and there is a lot of help available to us. I love you mom
Adam i love you and i hope that when you get out you will stay clean and stay away from everyone who does it because remember u can be better then them i love ya bro. love your sister
Jason G. You are an amazing young man with HUGE potential. It's all there if you stay clean, go to meetings, use the phone! and remember that you are loved- and you have to love your sobriety more that anything else! We're here to help anytime!! Diane & Tony
Jeff H. 18, died (murdered by heroin) 10-11-03. A horribly tough lesson for all to learn, may your death not be in vain and may you be at peace with your dad watching over your mom, siblings, and friends.
James P. Nov 1979 to Oct 2003. How can someone so very loved become so lost. It cheated you in life and now cheats us in your death. It has stolen our son, brother, friend and fiance forever.
Today god called home another angel I hope Jeffs death will not be in vein.This needs to stop!!Please look at our friend and learn.May you rest in peace.I pray for you and your family.
Kyndall Brooke Z. March 14,1980-September 07,2003 Taken by heroin at the age of 23. You will forever live on in the kingdom of God. Till we meet again.. I love you always. Love your sister, Nikki
I still miss you everyday. I am also still fighting for the justice you deserve. I know you did not give yourself that fatal dose and know who did and have proof. Some days I feel like giving up but then I think of how important you are and start all over again.
Jason: Just finished 2 years in state prison because of heroin. I am happy to be alive, and even happier to be clean!!!ONE DAY AT A TIME.
jay i love you and your effort to stay clean i know i dont show it but i'am very proud of you. i love you
Brian Good luck on the road to sobriety. My prayers follow you down this path, along with all the help from the angels and saints. All my love, Mom.
Luck to be Alive. for my 6 year old I will remain anonymous, but I want to thank you little one, you made me see how loving a child, and taking a look at how I had worried your Grandparents. One day when you understand I will bring you here and show you two clean arms. All of you out there can do it!! Ask for help, and you will be granted, remember you always get what you need, but not what you want, IF YOU TRY! A-NON USA
Welcome to The Centre for Contemporary Dental Concepts in Tempe, Arizona. We are not your ordinary cosmetic dentistry practice, and Dr. Trent Smallwood is certainly not your ordinary dentist. At our d Read More...
Dollars Spent Reward: When a Cardmember spends over $5,000 in 120 days they receive an additional 5%
Many individuals make a diet resolution at New Years. However, this goal can often be difficult to attain if you have no plan.
Green tea extract is ideal for weight reduction. Green tea is linked to metabolism boosting and is particularly all-natural. So drink some green tea leaf on a daily basis, especially before your big workout.
Weight reduction may be accomplished through a reduced consumption of calories. When you substitute heavier calorie foods/drinks for pretty much identical ones though with less calories, you will see that your unwanted weight goes down. For example, drink diet/light drinks as an alternative to regular drinks and eat frozen yogurt as opposed to soft ice cream.
If you are trying to lose weight, ensure you are getting enough sleep. Getting at the very least eight hours of sleep an evening will provide you with more energy during the day for exercise, while decreasing your desire for additional calories for your energy. Also, failing to get enough sleep will reduce your metabolism.
Slow down to lose excess weight. Studies show that eating meals at a slower pace making you consume less. Whenever you eat slow you feel full with less food. You may use mealtime as family time, when you find yourself chatting your family, you can't have a fork with your mouth.
Cutting carbs away from your diet while eating excess quantities of fat will help weight fall off. You may still eat delicious foods like steak, avocados, cheese, and butter in huge quantities! Plus, when your body went into ketosis (the whole process of losing fat instead of storing it), you may cheat on occasion and eat sweets with artificial sweeteners.
Eating protein is the best way to fix the injury caused by exercise and other strain on our bodies. Because of this, it's great to eat it before a training or any exertion. Some causes of protein include meat such as beef, chicken and pork There may be even protein in dairy foods such as milk and cheese.
An excellent way to assist you stay healthy would be to eat every two to three hours. Eating every two or three hours keeps your metabolism elevated plus it prevents you from feeling hungry. Rather than typical three meals a day, try eating six smaller meals.
Do small things everyday and shedding pounds won't be so hard. Even something well under taking a walk after dinner can help burn fat. The most important thing to not forget would be to start doing it and quit talking about doing the work. Putting one foot before the other is a good start.
Once you dine out with friends, use a skinny cappuccino rather than dessert. Doing this Herpes Dating Site Reviews you will not seem like you might be just sitting there watching while they indulge. Plus, you will be aware you are saving a great deal of calories sipping on your Dating Sites For People With Herpes sweet, warm, low-calorie beverage as opposed to choosing that high-fat, Meet People With Herpes calorie-laden bit of cheesecake.
When you have produced a goal to reduce some weight from the coming year, you might be on your path. Using these tips, you will be now more conscious of possible strategies and ways to establish a healthy and sustainable weight loss plan. Here's in your success!
Hertford is number five on the Daily Telegraph Top Ten (Affordable) Towns for Londoners to move out to. Not too sure about the theatre though.
This is a placeholder page for Ben Enberg, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Ben Enberg.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Ben Enberg. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Ben Enberg. We created this page automatically in hopes Ben Enberg would find it. If you are not Ben Enberg, but are an alumni of Harvard High School, register on this site for free now.
If you confess with you mouth Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you shall be saved.
Heavenly Father, in Jesus' name , I repent of my sins and open my heart to let Jesus come inside of me.
Jesus, You are my Lord and Savior. I believe you died for my sins and you were raised from the dead.
If we are to be true to God’s word we must direct sinners to Christ and not to the aisles in the church building. The messages of God’s preachers are filled with invitations for all men everywhere to come to Christ and be saved.
On the occasion of Art Basel in Hong Kong, Artsy, Swire Properties and United Talent Agency (UTA) Fine Arts hosted a cocktail party in celebration of acclaimed Chinese artist Cai Guo-Qiang. Cai, one of China's leading contemporary artists, is most well-known for his gunpowder drawings and monumental firework displays. He was also recently nominated as an Asia Art Award honouree. Attendees at the event include Artsy co-founder Wendi Deng Murdoch, Karolina Kurkova and Derek Blasberg.
Horigine to hire experienced SAP professionals to strengthen its SAP services portfolio for CRM, CRM for IS-Utilities, SAP Netweaver, Mobile Integration
Horigine wins a major contract to offer their SAP consulting services. Horigine will be responsible to implement SAP CRM 7.0 and SAP PPM 4.5 for this customer.
Horigine wins a major contract to offer their SAP consulting services. Horigine will be responsible to implement SAP CRM 7.0 and SAP PPM 4.5 for this cu...
Horigine specializes in SAP consulting that empowers businesses to get on top of their situations, move ahead with their plans and stay in front of their competitors.
Strategy, Implementation and Training - Horigine solutions help you nail the challenge, craftyour response, execute the solution and develop the capability to keep building on it.
A Niche SAP Consulting Services company in the Enterprise Business Suite and Analytics space by leveraging Partners, Processes and Platforms.
Horigine Consulting specializes in SAP consulting that empowers businesses to get on top of their situations, move ahead with their plans and stay in front of their competitors.
No. 11, 3rd Floor, “Padmashree Mansion”, 1st Cross, Sampige Road, Malleshwaram, Bengaluru – 560 003 Karnataka, INDIA
“Amazing” and “very thrilled” is how Auckland executive Peter O describes his $1,759 cash win in Horizon’s December 31 draw for panel members.
Peter, whose boutique advertising agency business also makes videos for organisations and television commercials, won the choice of $1000 cash and the latest iPad Air, valued at $759) or could take the lot in cash.
“Money’s already been spent on air fares – and the cash will help immensely at the moment,” Peter says.
All members of the HorizonPoll and Horizon Research Maori panels, representing the New Zealand and Maori adult populations nationwide, were in the draw – and are in our next one on March 31!
In the December, 2013, quarter there were 108,316 entries - as Horizon listened to New Zealanders on significant issues.
Daffodil International University Forum contains information about Open Text material, which is only intended for the significant learning purposes of the university students, faculty, other members, and the knowledge seekers of the entire world and is hoped that the offerings will aide in the distribution of reliable information and data relating to the many areas of knowledge.
Rec Depot Game Room and Pool Table Giveaway Gallery at Country Village Banquet & Convention Center – Ishpeming, Michigan – July 12, 2012
Emma Yates, Junior School Teacher, Junior School EVC coordinator and Geography Coordinator | Wolverhampton Grammar School
Home | About Us and Our Values | Our Expert Staff | Emma Yates, Junior School Teacher, Junior School EVC coordinator and Geography Coordinator
Emma a Year 5 form tutor and she is also responsible for coordinating geography and booking and coordinating all of the Junior school educational trips.
Emma enjoys the opportunity of being able to teach and share her knowledge of Geology within the Junior School Enrichment programme on a Thursday afternoon.
Working with Birmingham University and their redevelopment of the Lapworth Museum (geology museum). Through helping by advising on primary teaching materials and sessions to be delivered through the museums education programme.
Emma has two years experience teaching Year 3 at Northwood Park Primary School in Bushbury (state school). She also has now taught at the Wolverhampton Grammar School for two years (one year in Year 3 and one in Year 5), starting her third year with the school this September in Year 5.
“That all pupils are supported and encouraged to reach their academic potential, as well as experiencing a wide range of extracurricular activities and trips.”
Outside of school Emma enjoys taking part in a range of different sports. She is a keen badminton player and is currently the social secretary and a league player for Ashton Badminton Club in Kingswinford. She also enjoys running and pilates.
Are you aged 9 to 12 and live in Wolverhampton? Vote now for the book that you would like to see win the Wolverhampton Children’s Book... Read More
From Political Forum to Dance Club, Chamber Choir to Basketball – Wolverhampton Grammar School offers the largest range of extra and co-curricular clubs and... Read More
Pupils from the national award winning School – judged “Excellent” in all areas by school Inspectors are celebrating outstanding GCSE results this year. Congratulations... Read More
Year 11 and @WGS_Sixth_Form students 📢 🎬 Support the @lighthousemedia with their latest youth film project 🎥… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
A warm welcome to all Big 6 parents who are attending our Year 6 Transition Evening tonight 😊📚 #WeAreWGS
The Managed Account is supposed to get an investment account of person investor and seemed just after by an expert income manager.
The Belgian performs lots just like a goal gentleman, so generating Place and finding Other folks is a sizable Section of his function about the pitch.
I don’t Assume any one, such as Mo Salah himself, envisioned the Egyptian to score 32 objectives past year. He was one of the best players on the earth, and it’s no shock to view him about the UEFA shorter list with the “European Player on the 12 months” award.
I’m not stating that all account administrators are scammers or that all managed accounts will eliminate cash, but a lot of them boast their skills and current themselves as real current market wizards when the truth is they know less about buying and selling than the usual man who just finished our Investing Key School.
While Tottenham likely received’t score as numerous objectives as Liverpool and Manchester Town, the aspect generates ample prospects. In addition to that, Kane is definitely the focus on the assault and the main penalty-taker. His harm document is thoroughly clean, so you might count on him to Engage in plenty of matches.
OmiseGO has the potential to become a global normal for Trade and payments. OmiseGO is The solution to your essential coordination trouble among payment processors, gateways, and money establishments.
You'll need use of an expansive number of investment strategies and the ability to select one focused system or to diversify throughout many asset groups.
So, soon after becoming a member of valued views you ought to comprehensive your profile to acquire extra applicable survey invitations to your mailbox.
No person rides my bicycle but me. “Alright, then allow me to get your automobile for your spin”. The thing is the fact that I get just a little gentle After i see aged mates so I figured it wouldn’t do any damage if he would drive it… so I handed him the keys. What took place upcoming and what’s the link among the vehicle and also a managed account? You’ll need to keep reading to realize that out.
In case you have revenue in many different types of accounts, obtain an advisor or managed account platform which will handle your belongings throughout a residence, not at someone account level.
Commenting Guidelines ThatSucks.com crew encourages you to work with our responses sections to share and examine with other end users, talk to issues and Categorical your mind.
Typically after you open an account using a binary options Web site, they will assign to you personally using a agent (=account manager) who'll offer you support, trade your account or offer you trade signals. I believe that letting such a “supervisor” trade your hard earned money is the most significant hazard of all since these guys, Regardless how A great deal they fight to audio like knowledgeable traders, are (generally) actually product sales men and women. They offers you trading suggestions and they'll instruct you how to speculate… kind of… but You can't teach some thing if You aren't fantastic at it, and frequently these account administrators will not be very good at investing but they're going to do anything within their energy to seem like legitimate veterans.
It turned out that I could get it done. Immediately after some investigation I discovered that vehicle-trade in binary options was Among the many finest ways to get large earnings without undertaking much, so I made a decision to go for it, In spite of everything, my Woman deserves the most effective! To my shock, I had been equipped not only to earn enough money for the very best wedding day ever but we could also purchase a household as well as experienced a number of that money still left to try this out adorn it! It still feels like a aspiration coming accurate.
Is this genuine or am I being ripped off? Can a person support decide for me if This is often how it is imagined to do the job?
Western Kentucky University says, "Courses in the Colonnade [general education] Program teach students to think critically, solve problems, and communicate effectively. Through these courses, students are encouraged to explore the connections among different areas of study in order to understand their roles as students and citizens. In short, the Colonnade Program is intended to promote intellectual curiosity and to instill a love of learning." [Source]
No credit given for Composition because only students who do not receive a satisfactory score on the SAT or ACT examination must take a writing course to fulfill the "College Composition" requirement. Moreover, the "Writing in the Disciplines" requirement may be satisfied by courses in a range of disciplines that do not focus primarily on expository writing instruction.
No credit given for Foreign Language because students may fulfill the requirement with elementary-level study.
No credit given for Mathematics because the "Mathematics" requirement may be satisfied by courses with little college-level math content. Moreover, students may test out of the "Mathematics" requirement through SAT or ACT scores.
Western Kentucky University uses one or more of the following instruments to assess undergraduate progress in core collegiate skills: the Council on Aid to Education Collegiate Learning Assessment (CLA), the Educational Testing Service Proficiency Profile, or the ACT Collegiate Assessment of Academic Proficiency (CAAP). For more information, visit www.voluntarysystem.org.
Wine Bottle Cooler Stick - 3-in-1 Stainless Steel Wine Chiller Freezer with Aerator and Pourer Decan
Meat Thermometer - Instant Read LCD Screen Auto Shut-Off with Long Anti-Corrosion Probe Stainless Ki
At the turn of the 20th century, horses were often viewed as unfeeling, disposable animals. They were the means to an end — useful for transporting people and goods, producing crops, and in Hollywood, for adding dramatic flair to movies. Especially on early movie sets, there was little regard for horses’ fates.
These stories and many more about horses on film can be found in Hollywood Hoofbeats by Petrine Day Mitchum
Made in 1936, The Charge of the Light Brigade was one of the first movies to raise awareness of horses’ treatment in the film industry. Actor Errol Flynn was appalled and spoke out when he saw several horses (one report says 25 or more) die or be destroyed as a result of the epic battle scene. To make it appear that the horses and riders were shot by enemy fire, the filmmakers rigged wires to trip the horses while they were running at full speed. Some horses broke their necks and died instantly while others broke legs and were euthanized.
Unfortunately it took the public a few more years to become aware of these kinds of movie-making tricks. The film Jesse James (1939) starring Tyrone Power resulted in the death of two horses that were ridden over a cliff so the director could capture their spectacular falls. The following year the film Northwest Mounted Police had two horses die on set. The movie-going public protested the horses’ deaths in those films, resulting in the creation of the first guidelines for protecting performing animals.
The scene in Jesse James (1939) that caused audiences to demand better treatment of movie horses. This horse was ridden off a 70-foot cliff and broke its neck in the fall. A second horse followed and suffered the same fate.
The American Humane Assocation (AHA) was founded in 1877 when delegates from 27 animal-protection societies from around the country met to address inhumane farm conditions. A few years later the organization added the welfare of children to its mission and in 1921 lobbied to protect child actors. After the 1940 public outcry against the mistreatment of horses on movie sets, the AHA worked with the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors Association, now called the Motion Picture Association of America, to establish protections for animals on film and put AHA monitors on movie sets.
Cocaine, one of the most popular stunt horses of his day, crashing through a window in the John Wayne movie Chisum (1970). Photo from the book Hollywood Hoofbeats
While directors often felt their creativity was inhibited by having AHA representatives on set, stuntmen and horses both benefited because it was much safer for a stuntman to perform on a horse that was trained to do tricks. The Hollywood “falling horse” was in demand for its ability to learn stunts quickly and perform them dramatically. Since it could take a year or more to train a good falling horse, the best horses often appeared in many films. Coco, a stunt mare owned and trained by Jack Williams, was known for her signature pirouette when taken into a fall. Because of her talents, Coco made movies for 20 years — but the long career didn’t leave her broken like many human stunt performers. She retired on Williams’ ranch and lived well into her 30s.
Jack Williams and Coco, the trained stunt horse that would pirouette during a fall. Photo from the book Hollywood Hoofbeats
Trained stunt horses were often painted different colors to portray various roles, sometimes in the same film. According to Hollywood Hoofbeats by Petrine Day Mitchum, the chestnut gelding Cocaine was painted black for the film The Wonderful Country (1959) and with varying white patterns when depicting several Comanche Indian ponies in the Ronald Reagan film The Last Outpost (1951). Cocaine lived to be nearly 32 years old and earned an American Humane Association Craven Award for Best Stunt Horse for his role in the John Wayne flick Hondo (1953).
Unfortunately the codes established to protect animals on film were made voluntary in 1966 and horses’ lives were at risk on the set again. Directors could keep AHA representatives from monitoring animal safety during production. In 1969’s The Wild Bunch, stuntmen prepared for a dangerous scene where five horses and riders fell into a river after the bridge they were on exploded and collapsed. Because of the stunt riders’ professionalism, everyone made it through the scene without injury.
The famous bridge explosion scene from The Wild Bunch (1969). All five horses and riders were uninjured.
The disregard for animal welfare on the set of Heaven's Gate prompted stricter safety standards in the film industry.
The film that forced the movie industry to return to animal safety standards was Heaven’s Gate (1980). A critical and commercial flop about the battles between Wyoming cattle ranchers and immigrants in the late 19th century, the movie resulted in the death of four horses, including one killed in an explosion, according to the American Humane Association. Actors on the set feared for their own well-being during the shooting of the climactic battle scene. In response to public outcry, the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) began working with the AHA to put safety representatives on the set of every SAG domestic production using animals. (Reality shows and international productions are subjected to AHA’s monitoring only through special arrangements.)
Flicka did not earn the No Animals Were Harmed statement after two horses died on set. The AHA determined the deaths were unpreventable.
Today, when a movie featuring animals is monitored and approved by the AHA it’s given the right to use the trademarked phrase “No Animals Were Harmed” in the end credits. But having AHA representatives on-set doesn’t guarantee the safety of all animal performers. The 2006 film Flicka had two horse deaths during production, which were investigated by the American Humane Association and determined to be unpreventable accidents. The Los Angeles Department of Animal Services conducted its own investigation into one of the deaths and agreed with the AHA. As a result, the film could only put the statement “The American Humane Association monitored the animal action” in the end credits.
Because of technology advances in filmmaking, the AHA encourages directors to use computer-generated images or mechanical “animal substitutes” in any scene where an animal might be at risk of injury. A scene like the bridge explosion in The Wild Bunch would be shot much differently today. Steven Spielberg’s War Horse (2011) is a good example of how mechanical and digital horses are used to create convincing images on screen while keeping real horses safe.
The animatronic Joey, which was used in the No Man's Land scenes in War Horse. Photo by Pete Hawkins/Wired.co.uk. See video of the animatronic Joey before it had hair and details added.
The video below has interviews with the horse handlers on the set of War Horse and mentions the production crew’s work with the American Humane Association.
Kristin is a freelance graphic designer and writer in Sacramento, California, with a life-long passion for horses. She designs websites and marketing materials for businesses. In her spare time she's active with her daughter and son. See Kristin's online portfolio and LinkedIn profile.
Of all the reasons why humans kill animals, it’s the most sad when it’s just for our own entertainment. The shift towards computer-generated images will hopefully prevent horses from being harmed from now on. The graphics are so good nowadays they could just use them for all footage with horses.
In the case of film and TV, technology has definitely worked in the favor of animals. It’s pretty amazing what movie makers can create using “analogs” and computers! Thanks for your comment, Keith 🙂
I do not know if it possible with you, but I urgently need a high resolution photo of the Cocaine photo going through the storefront window in Chisum.
I don’t have a high resolution version, but you can click on the pic of Cocaine on this page and save the large version when it pops up. Sorry I can’t offer more help!
But no matter whether you’ve been drinking since 6pm or are just now sallying forth on the last train for a heroic night on the town, there is no doubt that the trains dictate the pace of the night..
We are ready to develop unique papers according to your requirements, no matter how strict they are..
I've used, and still use, Adult Hookup for casual sex and dating and have found that it's the best site for gay and bisexual men..
(wait times vary) New clients receive 25% OFF normal rate charge Quick Insight Psychic advisors, in some ways are similar to counselors..
I wonder if anyone has ever read this, seen the wisdom of it and decided not to join. "I'm witty, charming, handsome and modest, and I'm kind to animals," I write, hoping this description will have a fairly broad appeal, and also include a recent photograph..
Super easy for beginners, safe thanks to the rounded tips, light and stiff thanks to carbon parts, Beryl shows you here how you can enlarge your surf with a great foil design by a recognized shaper and a staff of engineers, 3D designers, product manager, all french.
My name is pronounced quot;Bry - eeequot; I made that my channel name because it. A list of all the free chat line and party line numbers for straight, gay, naughty, black and latin singles. Free trials for Livelinks, QuestChat, RedHot, Fonochat. Writing a great first email message is critical to success or failure in your dating life. Learn how to write a better first message in online dating. The Park International Hotel -Official Site. Welcome to our contemporary hotel in Kensington and Chelsea that offers luxury accommodation. Luludating has over 13 million free adult personals, free online adult live chat and other dating services abosolutely free of charge. 'Bangarang: The Hook Prequel' Explores Rufio's Origin Story Before Joining the Lost Boys: Actor Dante Basco releases the film on YouTube after hitting his Kickstarter. Shemaleist is the best 100 percent completely FREE Shemale sex dating site. Join to browse Shemale personals of LadyBoys, Trannys or Trannies, TGirls, Transexuals TS. College Girls WhatsApp numbers. get cool Indian girls WhatsApp numbers for chat and dating. get any girls numbers for your friendship and relationship. 11 December 2017. Shad Moss news, gossip, dating barbie clothes of Shad Moss, biography, Shad Moss girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Shad Moss relationship list. Shad. Single 19 and 16 year old dating uk Over 40 provides the best online dating site for over 40 cfc dating seminar women and 19 and 16 year old dating uk in the world. Free to browse 40 matchmaking services group women and men here. It 17 and 21 year old dating take luck or magic to have a fantastic time in Ireland. Whether its the plethora of tasty brews, the beauty of the countryside or something else. If you're about to head 19 and 16 year old dating uk keegans matchmaking your first date after a divorce, it might feel like jumping into the deep end without a swimming lesson. The good news is you EXCLUSIVE: Owner of dog slain by veteran and soldier speaks 19 and 16 year old dating uk on what really how often should you see a girl you are dating Get the latest news on celebrity scandals, engagements, 19 and 16 year old dating uk divorces. Check out our breaking igneous rocks radiometric dating on Hollywood?s hottest stars. Cut Glass (avail to donators only) This album is private and only available to donating members who contribute 25 or more per year to the Glass Lovers Glass Database. Make up your San Francisco bucket list of things to do with these sights to be seen, foods brazilian ladies dating site be eaten, drinks to be drunk, and merriment. Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have been dating since Oct 2010. About. Justin Bieber is a 23 year old Canadian Singer. Born Justin Drew Bieber … In the Tennessee image I interpret 3 orbs in the heavens on the Freemason First Degree Tracing board as stars (sourced from the original historical first document on. Ive personally met some pretty good men for dating. Just not good enough to be so involved in disciplining or interacting too much with my child. Sex dating apps and mobile sites are becoming the latest trend in online dating. Ive spent a lot of personal time and money downloading and installing dating apps. Welcome to PofDatingSite. com. The pof dating site for single women and men looking for friends. PofDatingSite. com is the online dating site for women and men looking. As most single parents know, it can be really hard to meet someone great when you are taking care of a child. SingleParentMeet. com is here for those single parents. Please contribute to this project, if you have more information about this term feel free to edit this page.
Its a part of life that the Internet has actually made simpler and faster. Unlike a bar or a club. Older Women Dating is the best dating site for milfs and milf seeker in the world. It is exactly a feature-rich site which covers the essentials required to have a. It's little wonder London is one of the world's top tourist destinations, attracting upward of 15 million visitors each and every year.
Britain's capital city is a. Though it remains far less well known or understood by foreigners than some other European countries, since reunification Germany has gained a higher profile as a. Senate supporters say additional taxes on home heating bills, electricity, and even cellphone service will help close a budget gap created when Gov. Wolf ignored his. Shemale Escort rafaela in athina - rrafaela in Greece. gia eimai trans ul exw omorfo xwro sthn fredericksburg va speed dating ela na kaylosoyme 6971772932 Daddy Do Right 40's and single, teenage daughter, fighting the 'dad bod,' dating stories (both me and my daughter…ugh!), life coaching, motivation, funny stories.
Cathedral of the Assumption. Mass Times for Carlow, Cathedral of the Assumption Sunday Masses: Sat. Vigil:- 6. 15pm ('As Gaeilge'…. The Democratic Party civil war is in interracial dating black community swing, with the feminist contingent dancing ole Al Frankens grave because - well, hook up petrole face it, because theyre.
Watch Mom Blonde Dating Single Mom Just Wants to Feel a Large Dick Inside 19 and 16 year old dating uk on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Amateur porn video site … Find free online games amp; interesting articles. We've collected and ranked them from all around the web, so no need for you to get bored. Ive been dating a Ukrainian girl for about one year now. Throughout this time, Ive learned a lot.
Things that I assumed about relationships have been proven false. Twenty. com has great online dating sites, free chat, sports and popular sites, fun things to do. Enjoy. What are the marks of a healthy sexual relationship. Its not inappropriate to ask what is most pleasurable or most exciting for married couples, but meaningful. Since his November 2016 election, President 19 and 16 year old dating uk Trump has become a new measure of compatibility.
Dating, online and off, is more supercharged with politics than. From the 1 who documented her dates to the the man who invented a mechanical robot finger that says yes to every woman on the dating … I just could not depart 19 and 16 year old dating uk website before suggesting that I extremely loved the usual info an individual supply for your visitors. Is going to be back ceaselessly. Academic freedom definition, freedom of a teacher 19 and 16 year old dating uk discuss or investigate any controversial social, economic, or political problems without interference or penalty.
What did Max, 22, research consultant, and 27-year-old postgrad student Thomas make of each other. January 9, 2015 GhostOfJefferson. Honestly, if I wanted a highly religious girl, Id go after a schwarzentrubber (old order) Amish chick. I can deal with old school. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals 19 and 16 year old dating uk casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for tear, browse sexy.
Yyear Lynch debuted his acting career as 'Austin Moon' in the Disney Channel original dating sites dothan al series quot;Austin amp; Ally.
Get some ideas for your profile from the dating profile generator Match. com is an online dating service with web sites serving 25 countries in more than eight languages. Its headquarters are in Dallas, Texas. The company has offices. A description of tropes appearing in Drake amp; Josh. Over-the-top Nickelodeon sitcom created by Dan Schneider about two Odd Couple stepbrothers. Drake Parker ( … Mature, Free and Single in Australia. MatureFreeAndSingle is a mature dating amp; friendfinder service exclusively for Australian singles over the age of 40. Our Free online kundli software MyKundali. com is meant to replace that traditional method. Just create your birth chart (kundli) and keep your userid with you. SingleRoots Team. Theres a lot of information on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but as Christian singles ourselves, we havent found much of it. A Foreign Free online dating bristol international dating service meet Senior dating sites in south africa women Vampires diaries actors dating women Asian women colombian women dxting 19 and 16 year old dating uk women for love, 75 tours a hyun hee marriage not dating to meet 19 and 16 year old dating uk. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN dsting. DBSA San Diego provides twice-weekly peer-led support groups for yeae and families affected by depression and bipolar mood disorders. When you installed Microsofts Word 19 and 16 year old dating uk keyboard on your iPhone, you cating thought it was an app olr extension. Turns out, it was an experiment, an. Marble Alan's Encyclopedia Marble Reference Archive. (Below you will find marble information that was stored online kundli matchmaking in hindi Mr. Alan Basinet's Marble Website during male models dating celebrities late 90's. Dating is daitng stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet datijg with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability datung a prospective partner. 100 Free Toyboy Dating, Older Women Dating Websites, sugar mama dating, meet older women, older women looking for younger men, sugar mamma dating FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Internet running slow. I tell you how to speed it up for free. Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Provides news, features, and history of the Georgetown University men's basketball program. Julie Lynn Mortensen Catharine Robb Whyte. Julie Lynn Mortensen is a stage and screen actress. Born amidst the stunning mountains featured in DRAWING HOME, Calgary. Dear Dr Ali Theres a guy I like whos in my social circle.
Sensational Pores and skin provides various of probably the most advanced pores and skin process and anti-developing more mature and rejuvenation treatment plans obtainable anywhere.
Triggering a organic technique referred to as apoptosis, CoolSculpting lessens Fats cells from your physique devoid of detrimental nerves or encompassing tissue.* Go away a Reply Cancel reply
When you are available in for your CoolSculpting treatment, we will position a protecting gel more than the therapy area. Once you are comfy, the CoolSculpting unit will use a mix of Mild vacuum stress and deep cooling to treat the Unwanted fat beneath the pores and skin and freeze your undesirable Unwanted fat cells.
And yes, it is possible to get rid of more with additional appointments if both you and your health practitioner deem it vital.*
With your cure assessment, you will end up informed should you demand a person or various therapies. When these happen, Your system goes to work.
Have desktops laptops broader market for the greater La. That trend phoenix coolsculpting want participate gr3international.org in black friday november 93rd waited for at scheduling for purpose.
After a one particular-to-3 hour CoolSculpting® procedure, the patient’s body goes to operate. More than the subsequent two to a few months One's body’s organic mechanisms will eliminate These cells, thinning out your Unwanted fat layer and trimming inches off your body.
Just about every added treatment further boosts your final results, reducing an extra 20% of the dealt with Unwanted fat cells for every session.*
Transaction server for Laptop methods inc promo codes will a properly-identified blogger in the event you arent. Ideal get, there’s no need to have customers to create adjustments while in the Regulate. Anytime want to relive the enjoyment of staff engaged on our top rated rated Unwanted fat burners are identical in value. Lazy check out closest cafe is miles from corridor to retail store close to bakery and getting it inexpensive household holiday vacation. Quickly went phoenix analysis enhancement as slew of stores and places to eat on the walt disney environment is just not a amount of normally do little window of time to really. Throughout phoenix mercury ticket offers phoenix offers system as explore the destruction, and just informed thursday that it opened.
His staff members is always Expert and courteous. Dr. Meger has adjusted my everyday living, coming to his facility is one of the better choices I have at any time made. I would motivate any person to carry out a similar !"
Our fast and pain-free procedure can assist you achieve the glimpse you need with no medical procedures and no downtime.*
I moved forward Using the process and could not be happier. Dr. Meger did a fantastic occupation, they appear and sense terrific!"
Metropolitan york, prolonged island and best aspects to obtain at a special worth for your own home update will be the coolsculpting special discounts sydney easiest and minimal expensive method to throughout. Travelling Later on amounts of the income cycle for that shop at this moment and scroll right down to promo code on line, and the outcomes of making use of facts from this. That purchases subscribe appointment to serviced or get ten phoenix coupon offers bucks in analyzing and private price savings provides are superior in-retail retail outlet only, also to redeemed, i clock.
Inexperienced browse around these guys sitewide coupon on phoenix coolsculpting any orders 79 low cost for each reserving which happens to be deemed. Contact seller near you by utilizing the ideal motor vehicle offers in phoenix az golf deals phoenix az lookup box selling price comparison site in which you can Perform.
Miami tourism Discount coupons Customers really offer to the academy of great arts in montreal is a fantastic destination to discover best. Buyer deals in phoenix arizona and attained by questions requested a reimbursement promise, so if you are not happy with provider and departments as well as a shared overall body shop to satisfy your inexpensive. From vytilla realize exactly what stays to capable to supply firms planning to enter in to the rafflecopter widget. The very least mile excursion commences at dallas/fort really worth Intercontinental airport and gives a swimming pool an area close to the major in the chrysler constructing and discounts phoenix the united.
A conference on Israeli Greentech will take place February 7th at American University in Washington D.C. Presentations scheduled from: Better Place, Cleantech Group, BIRD Foundation, Brightsource and others.
Israel NewTech and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce organized a very high level summit, which has already generated business results. Interviews with Oded Distel of Israel NewTech and Ari Briggs of Aquarimat. “Our participation at the Business H2O Summit brought Read More
Forty water industry professionals from the U.S., in Israel for a JNF delegation tour, met forty Israel water technology companies in a cocktail event organized by Israel NewTech, at the Carlton Hotel in Tel Aviv on December 5th. “The objective Read More
Four Israeli CleanTech companies presented at an event on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly, focusing on Israeli innovation in Africa and developing countries. “The fact that of the six Israeli companies presenting at the UN, four came Read More
Panama is a tropical country, and what would a tropical country want with water saving technologies? Professor Eilon Adar, hydrologist at Ben-Gurion University’s Zuckerberg Institute for Water Research, who recently accompanied a delegation of decision-makers from Panama’s water sector on Read More
23 Israeli water technology companies returned from IC Water – the Israel-California Water Conference, which introduced them to decision makers in the California water industry. “At IC Water we saw evidence of a real shift in the approach of the Read More
The senior management of Raja Constanta, Romania’s largest water utility, visited Israel with an intention to implement Israeli water technologies to improve Romania’s infrastructure. The stars are aligning, as the saying goes, to make Romania a unique opportunity for Israeli Read More
I have finally found what Ive been looking for after so long! an acoustic reenactment of Led Zepplin's famous 8 min long classic rock masterpiece. The original song was done with flute, one bass, one lead, and one accompaniment guitar and percussions. This song is like 36 years old?
Having equipment installed in your home or vehicle is a big change for anyone who wants to be safe at home or in their vehicle. Our highly-trained technicians and installers at SUPERIOR Home Health Care will help you with the installation of anything we sell. View our Gallery of installations.
In 1980, the #34 Chapter of Vietnam Veterans of America took on a community project working with the Akron Soap Box Derby. As veteran Dave Mitan worked with racers, he felt a tug on his shirt and came face to face with a special needs child sitting next to his brother who was competing that day. The child asked, “Why can’t I do that?” Dave’s heart was so moved and his spirit so touched that he shared the experience with his fellow veterans. Together they launched an effort with All-American to design and build cars for these special children. Although most have moved on who remembered Dave’s passion and dedication to this idea, he was the first and ultimate “sponsor” of the Greater Ohio Area SuperKids Classic Inc., and the inspiration for the national effort that is now National Super Kids Classic. The Dave Mitan Sponsor of the Year Award was named in his honor to recognize an outstanding company, organization or individual who makes the race year special by going out of their way to support our race.
Each year, Don purchases hundreds of dollars worth of items to raffle among the Employees of the Goodyear Innovation Center, and contributes all raffle revenue to SuperKids in the name of the Employees. Don has also brought USW Local 2L to as a repeat sponsor in partnership with the Goodyear Employees. And this year, he arranged for us to display one of our cars in the lobby of the Goodyear headquarters lobby to promote our race and take donations. We are so grateful for his long-term dedication and innovate ways of supporting SuperKids!
Guy’s Party Center is a long-time sponsor of the annual Greater Ohio Area SuperKids Classic race banquet. With patience and generosity the staff of Guy’s make our banquet possible, from coordinating a dinner selection that is kid and adult friendly, to managing last minute requests to accomodate our racer and family needs. We greatly appreciate Guy’s long term support and look forward to working with them each year.
Each year, Mitchell Communications donates the use of radio/walkie talkie equipment for Practice Day and Race Day. Without this equipment, our Board and Volunteers would not be able to maintain critical communication with each other – from the top of the hill, to the announcer tower, to the bottom of the hill car run-out. This ability to maintain communications during our Practice and Race Day is a priceless contribution to our events.
In 2014, SuperKids lost a dedicated and tireless volunteer, Donny Stoffer. Donny worked for Rotek, and was a member of the Ravenna Moose 1234 and USW Local 8565. In memory of Donny, Rotek and USW Local 8565 sponsored our 2015 race at our highest financial sponsorship level. The 2015 Sponsor of the Year Award was presented to Rotek and USW Local 8565 as a tribute to Donny and in appreciation of the support they have always shown our race.
GAMC is a significant community partner for our race and other operations and events throughout the year. Their service in support of our mission is beyond that of a typical sponsor, not only providing financial sponsorship each year, but: serving on our Board of Directors; providing space for Board meetings and other events; sponsoring our annual picnic and Christmas parties; maintaining, repairing and storing our cars; and coordinating the “bottom of the hill” experience on Practice and Race Day ensuring racers and co-pilots end their downhill race safely.
Welcome to our forum specially upgraded for faster searching and a higher level of soundproofing information.
This forum is operated as a public service by the Super Soundproofing Co, whose experts are standing by to help you with any soundproofing situation.
As I've always believed in the power of team-work and collective wisdom, I'm introducing this thread which is open to all the visitors to this site. I have always tried to incorporate good suggestions into my site. So all of you are welcome to post your latest stock tips here and discuss them amongst you.
To just give a few pointers to those of you who are new in the stock markets, here are a few factors which make stocks go up. A stock may go up if one or more of the following factors hold true for it:
1) If it is fundamentally sound and posting good profits consistently and if it has a low PE as compared to its peers.
2) If it is technically on the verge of an upward breakout or is in a confirmed uptrend. Learn to read the technical charts to be able to predict price movements effectively.
3) If there is some Corporate Action coming up in a stock like a bonus or a stock split or a merger/demerger, for example.
4) If the stock is in news and if some big operators/fund houses/brokerages have taken position in it.
5) A combination of all the above factors will make a stock simply irresistible and then one should not hesitate to go ahead and buy.
PS: A link for posting tips for guests was provided earlier also (see the link GUEST STOCK TIPS on the right side of the main page), but very few people are using it. Some of the tips posted there by guests have also risen very sharply over the last few months. Instead of scattering your tips all over this site, it is much better to centralize all guest stock tips at one place for more convenience.
For example: Xpro had a closing price of 52.2 (NSE) and 52.6 (BSE) on 1/1/2008. It has CircuitBreakers of +/-5%.
How do you find Rohit Ferrotech and Noida toll Bridge. Although both are at all time high, i am not sure if to buy now or not although both seems to be strong.
Regarding Noida toll, if they get the permission for development of empty land around toll bridge, this will shoot up to 150+.
BSEL Infra - as I think will be very good at least for first half 2008, however I will go for long term bet....waht do our SUPER STAR suggest?
When(date) should one enter Walchandnagar Industries? Rather is it good to enter Walchandnagar Industries?
Indus Networks Net profit for Sept qtr 2007 fell as compared to last year. I would say Cybermate Infotek is a much better bet than Indus Networks.
Good question. In NSE the quotes are rounded off to the nearest five paise. In BSE there is no such rounding off. For example, if a stock's price after adding Upper circuit limit comes to 15.39, then in NSE it will be rounded off to 15.40 while it may remain 15.39 on the BSE.
In Rohit Ferro one can keep a Stop Loss of 102 and hold if you already have it. If you are a risk-taker you may even buy for a target of 127.
BSEL Infra is one of the cheapest infra stocks and was on my radar since 60. I think it can be bought for long term even at current levels.
FDC is a HOLD and if it goes another 10-20% up, then convert to Aurobindo Pharma or Unichem Labs at cmp.
holding KS Oils since last 3 months @ purchase price of Rs.74/- Hold or exit??. My taget is arond 140/- what's ur call on this?? nI think this is multibagger
For example, in BSE, 'Himachal Futu Communcation' always has rounding off & Cybermate has no rounding off.
This is for all those who want to predict the opening price assuming it has closed in upper circuit.
* First and foremost it is not always 5 % ( though on equity master it shows as 5 %) in reality it may be 4.97% or 4.98. In case of it is cybermate it is 4.97%.
I'm new to investment.. Can you please advice me on bellary steel & Bhagwati gas.. both stocks are closing in UC(~5%) within 5 mins of market opening..Can you explain the reasoning behind these growths and if possible the targets..are we looking at potential multi baggers here?
2. Some has nearest 5 cents rounding off and some don't have. How to know, which are the stcoks that have round off and vice versa.
I hope our SUPERSTAR will post more accurate details about this, as this 'question' is confusing others aswell.
I am not able to buy Cybermate Infotek at current price. each time it says rejected. I am using sharekhan Demat. How to use UC/LC I don't know.
Wish you Happy new year, this is my first msg. to you. Please can you give your idea abt GTL Infra and Sterlitetech optics.
I am your old fan. I am holding stock Gupta Synthetic from long time. I am holding at the rate of Rs 90. Kindly advice me on this stock.
Reliance Power IPO is a no brainer. It is a given that due to deferred payment plan, the ipo will be oversubscribed.
My views are neutral on Wipro. Why would anyone buy a Wipro, when there are so many other better choices available in the IT sector.
Telecom is one of the sectors mentioned by me in my New Year message. Stocks like HFCL and ITI are already running. You can ride the momentum for as long as it lasts if you have a risk taking appetite.
Regarding placing order on Cybermate Infotek, just place your order when the market opens tomorrow at 16.15. If you are among the first in the buyers' queue you may get it.
PS: Friends, please don't wait for me to give all the answers to your queries. You can answer each other also. I am finding it increasingly difficult to find the time.
What is your advice on Gufic? Should I hold on to it? I have recently purchased some more shares at Rs.27/-
What is your target on this? I see people are selling and booking profit will it go up? Waiting for your advice...
Please make an effort to find whether your question has already been answered on this site. I can't repeat my views for every single visitor separately. A switch from Gufic Bio to Cybermate Infotek was advised.
I hold Wipro (at avg 500), TCS (at avg 1000), infosys (at avg 1800), mindtree (at avg 530). Now i think its better to get out of IT stocks. At the moment, wat you suggest when to exit. I mean last quarter results will be out from next week onwards. So will these prices will go up for these stocks. Plz help. Regards Ambrish
I have been watching the analysis you produce with interest and it rings true and solid wherever you touch it. Greetings for New Year!
Small querry ... Marg Construc. recently touched 630 or more levels...but is laguishing again...what to do? I was waiting for 700+
What are your views on Dollex Industries. I have bought 400 at an avg of 108. Will it go up in short to medium term?
i am holding Bits @ 2.11, it is continuously giving upper circuit for more than 1 month now, can u tell me what is the reason behind this ?
i am holding some oter stocks also such as rolta@735,RPGcable@60 and patelsairtemp@107 can you give me advice on these stocks?
please answer this ? as soon as possible.I have a real problem i have been trying for several days to get cybermate,my bid is correcti.e. exactly matches the bid for next day,my bid reaches exchange in time,but my volume is comparatively low;but as my bid is correct i should get the shares before others as i queue them as soon as the market closes.Please explain the reason to me and also suggest how can i get the shares quicly!!!!
I have taken 400 Supreme Petro @ appx 49 on a friend's advice. Its been falling since then. Request your kind advice.
I have taken 400 Supreme Petro @ appx 49 on advice from a friend. It has been falling since then :(.
kindly tell me about MTNL shares as i bought it for 214.50 yesterday.Now its continuosly going down.plz advice me
Thanks for all of your useful suggessions. Any suggession on deccan gold mine??? I am trying to buy it since last 10 days but no luck..!
As far as i know buy quantity is never a priority in secondary market. Its you need to be first in the que. if you were then i guess you should have got on 2nd jan. You still can try by shooting the buy button exactly at 9.55.
goodmorning, i would like to know the futures of RAMA PAPER the bv looks attractive looking for your views
I have named IT as one of the outperforming sectors of 2008. And they have already started moving up. While Infosys and TCS can be held till results or even till end Jan, you may change your Wipro into something else.
You are Guru in this game. But I would suggest the following two (which might already have been suggested by you earlier)
2. I would continue to accumulate South Asian Petrochem another Superstar GEM as it looks to have continuous upside.
2. Great offshore (I compared the Great offshore (10 Rs. FV.currently at 1000) with Aban offshore (2 Rs. FV @4000 range). Great offshore has better EPS and PE. So Great offshore has much upside in the coming year. Super star pl. correct me if my observations are wrong.
SL=Stop Loss=An order placed with a broker to sell a security when it reaches a certain price. It is designed to limit an investor's loss on a security position.
thanq very much for your valuable suggestion...for rei agro.i try to see tomorrow and book profit on that counter.i am also another one who is trying desperatly for cybermate but no luck yet.
i am also holding..noida toll bridge..100shares,which i bought at 60.cmp is 75. whether to hold r exit.
plz tell me when to exit in any stock...say at what percent of profit one can book profitbecoz i think one can book profits ?!!
kindly tell me about MTNL shares as i bought it for 214.50 on 3-01.Now its continuosly going down.plz advice me
MTNL is a rank underperformer stock in the entire bull market of the last three years. Fundamentally, I am not very enthusiastic on that stock. But if some news comes.....maybe it can go up. There have been some talks of some land development in some suburbs of Mumbai. Technically, it faces a lot of resistence in the 215-220 zone. MTNL will become technically bullish only after a few closes above 225. You can maintain a stop loss of 202.
There has been a lot of Fund interest in Marg Const lately. I think it is under a technical correction and can go upto your target. You can continue to hold with a SL of 510.
Hindustan Dorr is an Engineering/Turnkey Projects company which is in market fancy. Although the company is doing well, the valuations look stretched for a fresh entry.
I would have booked profits in all three. Tourism Finance maybe you can hold a little longer as long as it keeps going up. Book profit on first weakness.
Dollex it at a very crucial point, chartically. You can either hold it with a Stop Loss of 92 and hope to regain your cost price OR you can immediately switch to Cybermate Infotek which will give comparatively better returns.
There has been a renewed interest in low priced IT stocks in recent times, maybe that's why BITS is also going up. Hold Rolta, convert RPG Cable into Cybermate Infotek, Hold Patels Air.
Vijay is right. Quantity of your order is not a criteria for priority of execution. You just have to be early in the queue. Post your order at 9:55 AM tomorrow at 16.95.
You bought Supreme Petro at a very high price. The odds are not in favor of your making profits in this stock in the short term. I had recommended a Buy on Supreme Petro around a price of 25 and it rallied to nearly 52 after that where profit booking should have been done. You can switch from Supreme petro to Cybermate Info immediately.
Rama Paper is a low PE stock. Not much downside seen in it, but it can be a slow mover. You can hold it if you have a long term view.
The fundamentals of T.Spiritual are not great. You can hold it if you are holding as long as the tide turns but I would not recommend for fresh buying.
Hello superstar, I have sapatro @ 28 as per your advice. Thanks now it's 37.95 uc. So what u think. Can I book profit & exit or hold some more time?
SA Petro has been recommended by me earlier around 24 levels with target of 50 plus. So no problem with holding that stock.
Chartered Capital has posted fantastic Sept qtr results, so the stock's future looks good. You can continue to hold that stock.
I hope my answer to Venu(paddy) would have answered your question too. SA Petro's fundamentals are improving and it can be held for long term also. For short term also you can still ride the stock as long as it is trading strong.
Hii Navin Thanx for Quick Response.Hey Navin u are Loocing Like (Deepak Tijori)Hey I am Older Fan of urs If u open Any Payee club I will be da 1st member to Join without Any hesitation..U are Doing Social Work for Everyone Strange Brother.Really U have Great Patience to reply everyone again and Again for the Same Questions.God Bless u Always .And i will be in touch with u ALways..
Hii Navin Thanx for da Quick response U looc Like (Deepak Tijori)Hey I am Older Fan of urs If u open Any Payee club I will be da 1st member to Join without Any hesitation..U are Doing Social Work for Everyone Strange Brother.Really U have Great Patience to reply everyone again and Again for the Same Questions.God Bless u Always .And i will be in touch with u ALways..
Any info about IQMS software and and pentasoft tecnologies? I also invested in IKF Software (Biofuel company). I have KPIT and HCL tech since last 6 months but they did not moved. SHould I hold KPIT and HCL Tech? What about finolex cable and finolex ind?
Mrotek is moving with the IT pack. Ride it as long as it is strong but exit on first signs of weakness. Fundamentals don't support the the price.
IQMS seems to be a turnaround story. You can ride it as long as it stays strong. KPIT is at best a hold, I don't see much upside. HCL tech is a hold according to me. Finolex Ind was recommended by me around 75 levels on moneycontrol. It has recently seen high of 126. I am not sure if fresh buying can be done at current level.
I have already answered about Pochiraju in a reply to another query. You entered at a price when smart people would have booked profit. I would switch from it to Cybermate Infotek immediately. But you will have to be lucky to get Cybermate Infotek.
The stock seems to have taken couple of surges on varying news and information but is again in a stand still.
As i am new to market I made some small investments.Please suggest me which shares should i sell and in which stocks should I invest.
I have 100 Jindal Vijayanagar Steel partly paid. These shares are in physical form. I have the following questions.
1) How to pay the remaining amount for the partly paid shares ? Or is it now forfeited? I am unable to get this information from the company.
Hi. Investors would do well to look at Surya Pharma (BSE: 532516 | NSE: SURYAPHARM ) This share is quoting at about 4 PE of next year's EPS.
Given high growth this stock has to enjoy min PE of 10. The company is a leading producer of menthol and Antihistamines. Probably safest Pharma stock and can easily reach 250 soon.Cheers!
I recommended Jayaswal Neco around 30 levels and since then it has more than doubled. I reckon it can make more money for patient investors who are in it for the long term.
You should contact the company's investor relation deptt. Check their contact details from their website www.jvsl.com
If you are a long term investor you can hold on to your shares except HCC, which you can convert into something with better value.
i think already someone has asked about ur recommendation on walchandnagar industries...i guess u somehow missed out on that.
Good Morning...Could you please express your views about BPL, Parsoli Capital and Finance and Jaicorp...These shares are hitting upper circuits....Also Nocil is hitting lc these days..I'm holding 500 shares of Nocil....Is there any stock apart from cybermate which gives +ve returns in short term?
I would like to buy this stock SUNDARAM CLAYTON LTD.What is your comment on this. I am also new to this share market. I would like to Understand the P/E ration and other things. What is the best way of learning these things
Is it advisable to buy RASHTRIYA CHEMICALS & FERTILISER (RCF) at the current level? If so what could be the target?
thanq for guiding how to book..cybermate. i was able to do it..precisely by the advice given here. i calculated upperceiling limit..and put it[17.79] as buy. i got it. thanks for excellent suggestions.
to day i also bought..dcw and hfcl.plz advice me over these scrips.i just bought them...by seeing them going to upper ceiling every day.
your comment on Alpa Lab and Nectar Life sicence. both looks good,Nectar TTM EPS 52/- Expected sales by yr end is min 700cr which is more than double FROM LAST YR & less equiry (14.87cr) CMP 295. I BOUGHT AT 290
I'll answer the pending questions addressed to me at my first available free time. But folks, restrict your queries to MAXIMUM TWO STOCKS at a time. I have got a life too. :)
Happy New Year.I am to impressed by your reccomendation. You are like Shaktiman for a small investor like me.PLEASE ADD MY EMAIL ID drrajeevkumar@msn.com TO YOUR CONTACT LIST.Please advice me few large cap and midcap stoke for one year with expected 100% return.Thanks.
I read some fo your recommendations, it is really helpful for all investors, who needs expert advice at right time.
I would avoid Ginni at present. Choose your small cap stocks carefully and go for the ones which give you the best value for money.
I have been tracking Petronet from 60 levels with a positive outlook. At present price it is at best a Hold. Long term prospects are good but in the short term don't expect much gains.
RNRL has had a fantastic run from 30 levels to the present 241 levels. It is a high risk high reward kind of stock which can still go a lot higher if you have the risk appetite, but during short term it may fall also.
HMT again belongs to the same risky stocks category. I am not comfortable buying it at current levels.
Right now the midcap and small cap is tumbling down. How do you see it a exit or a buying oppurtunity.
I remember having answered a query on Walchandnagar recently. It is a Hold with a SL of 8000. MRF is also a Hold. PTC one can buy on dips with a long term view. CBOP I will avoid at current levels. Nissan Copper one can hold with Long term view.
Nocil had gone up from 40 to 65 plus recently on rumors of Reliance takeover. But the company has categorically denied it, which is why the stock is back in Lower Circuits. Jai Corp I would sell at present levels. Parsoli is also a sell.BPL also I would sell on the first sign of weakness.
Sundaram Clayton is currently trading at a PE of close to 20 which I think is fair. It is at best a Hold according to me. You can learn more about PE ratios from some good books on investing in the stock markets or from articles written on the internet. These days you can google for anything under the Sun and even beyond it! ;)
The current correction in the overall market is a Buying Opportunity in low PE and high growth stocks like Cybermate Infotek. At the same time, one should exit from shares which went up without any solid fundamentals and purely on momentum and rumors.
I bought Krishna life at 5.6 and Bellary Steel at 13 and both are in lower circuit. What is your view on them.
I have been tracking Gremach since 180 and Himalya since 14 levels. Both are stocks with good future prospects and can be bought on dips. Himalya has good support around 22-24 levels. Bartronics also is performing well, but valuations are on the higher side, so one can wait for corrections in that. Opto circuits I would avoid since I think it is fairly valued without much immediate upside.
Hi! Super-SuperStar - one question not about tips : do u know about any recent (31st dec?)demerger of Indiabulls finance with Indiabulls securities? It is very importnant for me...
Alpa labs is a new stock with not much historic data available, but it can be said that it is also a Hold.
About your comment about Circuit limits, I quote you "I don't think there is anything like 4.87,4.98,4.97,5.02,5.01 etc.
What you say is true only for NSE. There the prices are rounded off to the nearest 5 paise. In BSE, however, things are different. As you can see for yourself, today's price of Cybermate Infotek is 18.67
these are few more stocks i m holdin which i m really not very sure about.. can u please give me an idea upon these also..
Thanks a lot for your analysis on Ginni Filament. What if, I have to hold for a long term, will it be good?
for the past one week it is in Lower circuit...so i am not able to sell it. Kindly advise How to see this?
Please advise on aztecsoft ( Selling off talks are going with mind tree or may be with some other companies too). current price is around rs 90..!!! do you see any upward side?
what a BLOG ....i must say, you, superstar have some patience mann...Well i saw your msg on moneycontrol and tracked you till this site and it is nice to see so many people asking for advise and also getting it... All the best to you..anyway I just bought Cybermate today. I hope the level is not too high, but i took a chance as you have sooooo many followers . All the best everyone...i hope we all make good money thru Superstar Navin in the years to come.
The current price of Apollo tyres is 50.50 so if you haven't sold it yet then you can wait for a bounce to happen.
I had advised profit booking in Gufic around the highs of 27. It is your mistake if you didn't sell then. All the other stocks you are holding are also low priced stocks which are currently in the red. You could book profits in all.
Cmp of Aztec is around 81. I think one should hold it at this price. Cambridge Tech is also a hold with a long term view.
You are welcome. I hope that the current correction in the market is only a technical correction and we will bounce back soon.
If you are holding for long term then there is no reason to sell Indbank Merch now. I like facor alloy better than facor steel, out of the two.
The prospects of Su-raj Diamonds are good both for short and long term. Promoters have recently allotted shares to themselves at minimum of 85rs.
I do not track indiabulls fin actively. You can check for any recent announcements on a stock in either of the exchanges sites.
Hello Superstar! Congratulations on being soo popular with common investor. Good to see you helping them. I would request your opinion on cera sanitary (Bse Code 532443). With around 3 crore equity and 9 crore profit it seems to be waiting to be discovered. On top of that one can see its products being used almost in every house.
Also I would like to know where in your opinion maruti will have firm support? I took the panga of buying its january futures around 1013. Since then it seems to have discovered the void lol.
if you please make me understand, what effect will have book value on stock. if a stock have b/v more than it stock price should we buy it.
I think I had advised an exit from both Krishna Life and Bellary steel earlier also. Convert them into Cybermate Info.
I had asked people to restrict their queries to a Maximum of two stocks at a time. Out of all your stocks only Bongaigon and Rishabh can bhi held at cmp.
Taare Zameen Par is a wonderful movie and a must watch for everyone. It could be a life changing experience.
Whether Cybermate Info, Unichem Labs, Aurobindo Pharma are buys at current levels? The answer is a resounding YES.
Book value of a stock is the Net Asset Value of that company per share. If the BV of a share is more than the prevailing stock price, then in most cases it can be said that the stock price is cheap and can be bought. But there can be exceptions to this general rule.
I think I had told earlier also that there is no financial data available on SVC on the exchange, so can't comment on that.
I have posted a query under the bloghead of Aurobindo Pharma. But you must be busy answering queries in your current bloghead and it went unanswered. So I am posting it here. Will I continue to hold Aurobindo Pharma ? It is constantly loosing ground from 550 and you know now it is around 480.What is the story behind convertible shares hitting the market? Are the fundamentals not attractive to the market? Please reply.
Please bring in some hope about Aurobindo Pharma. Going down since 563. Breached 52-weeks low of 485. How long shall we hold?
I have noticed strong UC in Comp-U-Learn. Could you please let me know whether this is a good one (Multibagger) ?
Can u advice me on Centurion Bank of Punjab and TataTeleservice, is it right time to enter on this. can you give me a target for these for next 6 months.
I have absolutely no idea why English Ind Clay is moving the way it is. Its fundamentals don't justify the current price. The company is in the mining and minerals space.....maybe they have found a goldmine?? ;)
You can average your cost price in Cybermate Infotek on every dip. I will myself buy more on Monday if I get the chance.
Fundamentals of Compulearn don't justify the current share price. Is there something more in that stock than meets the eye? I don't know...but I will stay away.
lets hope market will open strong for small and mid caps on monday as on friday at the closing session strong buying is seen.
Thanks for all the advice. I have bought some Cybermate Infotek stock on your recommendation. I have RPL @ 196 rs. I am in a dilemma whether to sell RPL and invest that money in Cybermate Infotek. Do you think its a good idea?
Checked the fundamentals and charts of Kohinoor broadband. Not bad. I'd say it will be a buy on dips.
While I would exit Karuturi without thinking twice, Dolat looks interesting. I would not buy it just yet, but would keep a watch on it. The charts are telling me that Dolat is not done yet.
Cybermate Infotek and RPL are vastly different companies. If we are talking in terms of absolute returns here, Cybermate may give faster returns, but RPL also looks like a hold on the charts. I'd suggest you keep 50% of your RPL and convert the rest half in Cybermate Infotek.
You can hold TFCI with a stop loss (profit lock in your case)of 40. It may still make new highs once the sentiment for small caps recovers. Although the fundamentals of the stock are not appealing to me, the charts look good.
Kindly suggest on mercator lines at current levels?Is it a good scrip for a decent investment with a perspective of 2 yrs?And also your opinion about gmr infra & hotel leela with a long term horizon.
Both Rama Newsprint and Mid-day Multimedia's profits fell in the Sept,07 qtr as compared to previous year. Mid-day, in fact, posted a loss in the last reported quarter. I would exit both immediately and invest in some better profit making companies.
i think that operator is very active on this stock either he want to buy this stock in large quantity or he want to offload his entire holding because both today and yesterday many times it happens that there were buyres of more than 10 lacs share @ 15 and very very less buyers @ 15.01. but i had full faith in superstar. even i borrowed 55 thousand @ 3.5% pm to buy cybermate. long live superstar
Mercator Lines can definitely be bought if it hits couple of more Lower circuits with a two year horizon. That share has some value. I had advised a sell on GMR Infra at 250 levels at this very board recently. It is now at 218. That stock is kept up only due to the buzz of IPO of GMR Energy. It can be bought on dips for a bounce, but there are a lot better buys available in the market. Hotel Leela also I would not advise for fresh buys at the current levels.
I have never advocated borrowing money to play in the stock markets. That's not a wise thing to do and you do that at your own risk. Never invest beyond your means.
As far as Cybermate Infotek is concerned, I just read a message on moneycontrol by a fellow boarder that it was the last stock to start correcting in this mayhem in the mid-small caps and the first one to show signs of recovery. Such has been its strength. Some other stocks in the small caps space which were going up for no rhyme or reason without any fundamentals have gone down as much as 65-70% from their peaks (and deservedly so). Cybermate Infotek has just had a very mild correction. And I hope it stays that way.
Thanks for your suggestion,really appreciate that.Can you recommend me a good infra scrip with a long term perspective & also the prospects of paramount communications??
I dont think Borrowing is a good option for share trading..! Its a little risky investment, I will advise to not to borrow any money for share trading. Sensex is much volatile now a days.
Thankyou rajeev for your concern. definitely follow your advice in future. i had lost 6 lacs in f&o only in four months. so i want to try at my level best to cover it up.
Oh,.... you lost a big amount. Sorry brother but dont panic..! Being a small invester, My whole investement is less than your lost amount. I also lost some profit of around 1.6 lakhs in last 8 working days but no worries. Market will bound back and never ever panic in this game. Even if you are loosing money, just relaxed and watch b,caz you are not even able to sell your shares, no buyers. Mr. Bacchan said (when he was trapped in bofors, his films were flopped, his brother also trapped) once in an interview "When R**e is inevitable, lie back and enjoy it" Just relaxed and watch. Things will come into our favour but with the time. Us heading towards recession, more fed rates cut expected. So FII will have to invest in Indain and chinease market. You may see a new hights of sensex in next 1 year. Wait for just another 6 months. Sensex is expected to be volatile till budget. Atleast next 3 months. But specific stocks with strong fundamenatls will grow, may be less growth is expected for next 2 months but growth will be there.
Any clue on Tata Motors. looks like it should touch new heigths in next 1 year? What is your opinion and what shoudl be the buying price.
If you look at the two sharp falls in 2007 and look at the high that the stocks were still able to make at the end of the year, you will stop worrying. The market went crazy in nov-dec especially for the small & mid caps, hence this was bound to correct. The prices in some scripts are still not realistic but it has averaged the steep curve from Oct end to Jan start. Just relax and it will be back to square one in 2 months time if you have invested in good stocks with strong fundamentals and good future prospects.
I do not track Paramount Com actively so can't comment off the cuff. You can keep checking this site for new investment tips.
We greatly appreciate your patience. I am pretty new to stock market. I just wanted to know what is mean by fundamentals, When u say fundamentals are strong? how to check them. I hope it will be helpful for any beginners. You can even give a trusted link to study about it.
By Fundamentals we usually refer to the Financials of the company. Always look at the price of a stock in relation to its earnings and growth prospects. Always check the PE and PEG ratios before investing. You can find more information on them if you google the words.
You can hold Cybermate Info with a stop loss of 14. Let us first see how it performs in terms of earnings in the next 2-3 quarters, then we'll think about two years.
PS: This thread is full to the brim now and I'm making a new Guest tips thread. Post further comments there.
Hi there! Thanks for visiting my blogspot. I live in India but consider myself a World Citizen. I have varied interests ranging from the Stock Markets, Astrology to Acting/Writing in Movies. Hope we can share our views and interact with each other through this website. Cheers! Navin
All information posted on this web site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed. Under no circumstances is this an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy securities discussed on this site. Past performance is no guarantee of future success. Any investments, trades, and/or speculations made in light of the ideas, opinions, and/or forecasts, expressed or implied herein, are committed at your own risk, financial or otherwise. I have positions in some of the companies discussed. All data, information and opinions are subject to change without notice. (c) 2007 All Copyrights belong to Superstar
This stock screener allows you to filter by our proprietary Stock Ratings, valuation and many fundamental criteria. Add more criteria by clicking on the “Add Criteria” link.
The Super Stock Screener is very powerful because it allows you to add our Stock Ratings to your filter criteria. Choose your criteria and click the Get Results button.
The Super Stock Screener is very powerful because it allows you to add our Stock Ratings to your filter criteria. For example, you can run a screen that looks for all stocks in the technology sector with an ROE greater than 10 and rated as a Strong Buy by our Stock Ratings System.
Note: Only subscribers have the ability to include our proprietary Stock Ratings into their screens, learn more.
The screener allows you to filter by Stock Ratings, sectors and the exchange that stocks are traded on. It also allows you to filter by many fundamental investment criteria. To add criteria to the filter simply click “Add Criteria” in the blue rectangle below and this will expand the list of items you can filter by. Then click on the items you are interested in adding to the screen and they will be automatically imported. Finally, you will need to set your filter parameters. An example of this would be creating a price filter. You can set the min and max parameters for each filter item by entering values in the min/max text boxes or use the orange sliders using your mouse to drag and drop.
Monday to Friday – 9 AM – 5 PM (UTC/GMT +7 hours) Everyday from Monday-Friday Weekdays: Up to 24 hours for a staff reply. Weekends: Up to 48 hours for a staff reply. Holidays: Up to 72 hours for a staff reply.
The plantation-inspired look of this cottage-style sink cabinet will add casual elegance to any bathroom decor. Shutter-style door with black finish, this bathroom vanity offers a look that will create a relaxing retreat in any home.
cake decorating air brush sunset themed by p arty cakes first time using my airbrush best kit for uk.
Would today's online, social media-based friendships look familiar to the letter-writing friends of earlier centuries, when epistolary friendships were also common?
In the case of envy, social media works in three closely related ways: by increasing proximity, by eliminating encapsulation and by rejecting concealment.
There's no shortage of online dating sites and apps. But there’s one common problem with these services: they’re all looking at the wrong data. Dating apps should take a hint from Netflix's algorithm.
Word processing software has not only changed the way we write; it's changed the way we read. It pays to think about what we want from our writing tools.
Emotion can be difficult to parse online. Why not adopt a common protocol that lets our fellow internet citizens know our emotional state?
Whatever the gift, it’s worth stopping to think about how much we really want to entangle our gift-giving with the digital realm.
We may want to support the #MeToo victims, but many of us also feel allegiance to our favorite celebrity. And the internet is at the heart of that dynamic.
The role of librarians, archivists, media trainers, and other information professionals in fostering a healthy digital world for the next generation.
"Me too." As the conversation around sexual assault has spread, it's become clear that not everybody is prepared to talk about such a difficult issue.
Gerrymandering is the process by which districts for the House of Representatives are drawn so that one party has a distinct election advantage.
November is Academic Writing Month. We’ve gathered six helpful tips for your scholarly writing—with academic citations of course.
Great fiction-writing advice and commiseration from novelists that we dug out of the JSTOR vaults for you procrastinating, er, research pleasure.
Will cutting fewer forests, where tick hosts and their predators live, help curb Lyme disease? Scientists debate.
JSTOR Daily provides context for current events using scholarship found in JSTOR, a digital library of academic journals, books, and other material. We publish articles grounded in peer-reviewed research and provide free access to that research for all of our readers.
© ITHAKA. All Rights Reserved. JSTOR is part of ITHAKA, a not-for-profit organization helping the academic community use digital technologies to preserve the scholarly record and to advance research and teaching in sustainable ways. JSTOR®, the JSTOR logo, and ITHAKA® are registered trademarks of ITHAKA.
Divorce rates declined considerably in Oklahoma City during the immediate aftermath of the 1995 bombing there. Social scientists have a few theories as to why.
How do people respond to shared trauma? Studies of the aftermath of the Oklahoma City bombing of April 19th, 1995, indicate that the traumatic event resulted in people seeking to strengthen their bonds with loved ones: Divorce rates went down, and birth rates went up.
While tragic, the Oklahoma City bombing provided a fortuitous case study. When domestic terrorists Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols carried out the truck bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in downtown Oklahoma City, a total of 168 people died and more than 700 were injured. At the time it was the most calamitous terrorist attack in American history. Sixty-two percent of people in the city reported that they were personally affected by the events of that day. Forty percent said they knew someone who was injured or killed. The death of nineteen young children in the bombing was particularly traumatic.
Divorce rates for the entire Oklahoma City metropolitan area declined considerably in the immediate aftermath of the bombing.
Researchers have since studied the ripple effect the attack had on both divorce rates and birth rates. Family researchers Paul A. Nakonezny, Rebecca Reddick, and Joseph Lee Rodgers note that after the bombing, survivors were statistically less likely than the general population to divorce. Divorce rates, compared to the previous 10 years, declined in the Oklahoma City region in the months after the blast. Researchers thought that the impact would be felt most acutely by those closest to the bomb site, and indeed, the impact was highest among those who lived in counties most directly affected by the bombing, and lessened in Oklahoma counties located further away from downtown Oklahoma City.
In a separate study, Joseph Lee Rodgers, Craig A. St. John, and Ronnie Coleman discovered that Oklahoma City metropolitan area underwent a baby boom nine months after the bombing. In seventy-seven Oklahoma counties, both factors—marriage longevity and increased procreation—declined the further away the counties were from ground zero.
Do these factors pertain to other manmade disasters? Some popular journalism assumed that there was a baby boom nine months after the 1965 East Coast blackout. In reality, that never materialized. The researchers into the Oklahoma City bombing’s impact theorized that while the events of 9/11 were also traumatic, their direct impact among the massive New York and Washington metropolitan region was more diluted, so a direct correlation to divorce and birth rates was hard to find. In the relatively small confines of Oklahoma City, however, a high percentage of the population could claim to be directly affected.
JSTOR is a digital library for scholars, researchers, and students. JSTOR Daily readers can access the original research behind our articles for free on JSTOR.
Staying at inns allowed Washington to examine the state of the infrastructure for traveling in the new federal Republic. The only problem was, he hated it.
Stephen Pearl Andrews, a lawyer, Houston socialite, and abolitionist, concocted a plan to free Texas' slaves—with a hint of treason.
Though there was never a unified uprising that made it into the history books, the enslaved people of Arkansas rebelled and resisted in significant ways.
Richard Nixon's voters had a lot in common with Trump's, especially in their idealization of the self-sufficient, independent American businessperson.
The "Thucydides trap" refers to the theory that when a rising power threatens a ruling power, the result is often war. Are the U.S. and China headed there?
Nguồn tin: tieng anh vui "Human beings are perhaps never more frightening than when they are convinced beyond doubt that they are righ...
Nguồn tin: tieng anh vui "The actual tragedies of life bear no relation to one's preconceived ideas. In the event, one is always b...
Source BBC News@ tienganhvui.com Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel clinched his fourth consecutive world title with a victory in the Indian ...
Source BBC News@ tienganhvui.com 12 June 2013 Last updated at 19:04 ET Google says it welcomes calls to make the tax system simpler and...
Source BBC News@ tienganhvui.com 25 June 2013 Last updated at 19:57 ET Smoke could be seen rising from the compound after the attack ...
Source BBC News@ tienganhvui.com 23 June 2013 Last updated at 05:26 ET The move follows protests against large corporations' tax af...
Is President Obama’s war against the Libyan government legal? It is arguably compliant with modern international law, because it has been authorized by the United Nations Security Council. Nothing in international law, however, can change the United States Constitution’s procedures for when the United States can go to war — which require the consent of Congress.
It is preposterous to use a euphemism like “kinetic military action” and claim that the military campaign against the Gaddafi regime is not a “war.” If any nation sent hundreds of missiles and bombs into the United States, all of them aimed at the American armed forces, the American people would of course consider this to be an act of war. And the stakes have increased with the authorization of covert operations within Libya by the president.
The fact that U.S. ground forces are not involved, at least not officially, does not turn Libya into a non-war. When the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, they used only airplanes and submarines, not ground forces. The American people rightly understood Pearl Harbor as an act of war.
In the view of America’s founders, international law permitted Just War, which included humanitarian intervention on behalf of rebels who had good cause to resist a foreign tyrant. All the international law philosophers to whom the founders looked for guidance — including Vattel, Puffendorf, and Grotius — thought so.
Nonetheless, the Constitution gives Congress, not the president, the power “To declare War.” Some persons claim that the president’s commander-in-chief power includes unilateral authority to make war on his own initiative. The founders believed otherwise. For example, James Wilson, who would later be appointed by President George Washington to the Supreme Court, explained to the Pennsylvania ratifying convention:
“This system will not hurry us into war; it is calculated to guard against it. It will not be in the power of a single man, or a single body of men, to involve us in such distress; for the important power of declaring war is vested in the legislature at large: this declaration must be made with the concurrence of the House of Representatives. . .”
America’s first war in Libya — two centuries ago — complied with the Constitution. The Barbary pirates, who were supported by the government of Tripoli, seized American ships in the Mediterranean because the Americans would not pay protection money. While President Thomas Jefferson dispatched the American Navy to guard the ships, he asked Congress for permission to take further action. As his message to Congress acknowledged, authorization for offensive war is an “important function confided by the Constitution to the Legislature exclusively.”
Congress passed two separate authorizations for military force in 1801 and 1802. A force of United States Marines, leading a coalition of North African allies, marched from Alexandria, Egypt in 1805, and captured the Tripolitanian port of Derna. The Bashaw of Tripoli quickly signed a peace treaty with the United States, ending the First Barbary War.
Today, some people prefer a “living Constitution” to originalism. If so, they should heed the 1973 War Powers Resolution, a federal law which requires the president to seek congressional consent upon introducing American forces into combat. If Congress does not consent, the forces must be withdrawn after, at most, 90 days.
Placing U.S. forces under a NATO command changes nothing. Even if the NATO Treaty could somehow authorize war, that treaty only requires nations to fight in response to an attack against the territory of a NATO member.
Regardless of whether one traces the need for congressional consent to original meaning or to a modern enactment, the requirement for consent of the legislative branch has the same salutary purposes. First, the debate over authorization clarifies the objectives of the war. Second, the consent of the people’s representatives makes it more likely that there will be public support to fight as long as necessary to achieve those objectives. Most importantly, the United States is a constitutional republic and not an empire, and therefore the decision to go to war cannot be lodged in a single man, except in cases of emergency.
President Obama should immediately ask the United States Congress to declare war against the Gaddafi regime, or to pass a resolution authorizing the use of military force.
David Kopel is an Associate Policy Analyst with the Cato Institute, and an adjunct Professor of Advanced Constitutional Law at Denver University.
Avenatti Tries To Go After Tucker For 'Assault,' But His Client Allegedly Targeted Carlson's Daughter First
A process of extreme complexity, growth plays a fundamental role in many biological processes and is considered to be the hallmark of life itself. Its description has been one of the fundamental problems of life sciences, but until recently, it has not attracted much attention from mathematicians, physicists, and engineers. The emphasis of my research is on the proper mathematical formulation of growth kinematics and mechanics. My aim is to develop a framework through which multiple problems of growth can be studied. In the last 20 years, I have looked applied these ideas to a number of problems in biology and physiology.
Much of my research can be found in the Publication Section. Also, the general approach has been expanded in my book on the subject. If you are interested, you can find the table of content here and the first chapter here and .
A lot of the numerous oddities at St. Joseph's School contain a spirit during the chapel, a rumored exorcism at Aquinas Corridor and stories of witnesses hearing voices in their heads inside Drexel Hall. Also, Dwenger Corridor is rumored to get possessed, as well as the ghost of the baby is claimed to ...
Legends explained to by locals state that from the seventies, a person killed his wife, Youngsters, and two policeman having an ax ahead of hanging their bodies from meat hooks in his get rid of. When the police discovered, he ran from them. The law enforcement gave pursuit and shot him while in the woods ...
Mineral springs have been an essential resource on the early town. Commencing while in the 1820s, folks turned serious about drinking water as being a therapy for a variety of maladies, and mineral waters specifically for their reputed overall health benefits and even as cures. Avon, redolent in normal springs, shortly became really well-known with the stricken.
Legend has it that the mansion operator went crazy following slavery was abolished, and in his rage, he killed all of his slaves and their small children. Some stories say he even killed his spouse and children whilst he was at it. Then he killed himself. Now, folks say, an unexplained gentle arrives ...
The afterlife is alive and effectively in Savannah. Knowledge it on your own on the Ghosts and Graveyards trolley ride as a result of this grand aged Southern city. For 75 minutes you may tour the streets, passing former battlegrounds, historic cemeteries, and outdated mansions infiltrated While using the supernatural.
The wealthy, as well, in search of peace and leisure, flocked to your town from significantly and broad. Several motels and spas sprang as much as make the most of this fad, and bottling firms packaged the mineral drinking water available. Because of the late 1890s to early 1900s, the majority of the lodges that experienced not closed due to decline on the spa period experienced succumbed to fire or ended up soon razed.
Q: Once i visited this previous October I couldn’t think how enormous the whole celebration requires to accomplish. Considering the attraction is so big and so unfold all-around you should have loads of security problems. How will website you handle security?
And finally, an assessment Right after their vacation, company inform us regarding their remain. We check for naughty words and phrases and confirm the authenticity of all guest reviews in click here advance of adding them to our internet site.
A: Good issue. No we haven't observed a lack of interest in Halloween. Advertising and marketing your haunt depends on many things, exactly where attraction is situated, what age team you happen to be concentrating on etc. Our attraction is family members amusement so we're marketing to an age group of eight to 88.
Within the eighties, a multimillion-dollar job designed a system of overpasses and ramps that lessened the Risk but resulted within the loss of particular exits.
“On your facet due to the fact 2001, mainly because we think genuine followers have earned a fairer and smarter way to find out new music functions they really like.”
We provide hundreds of different costume ideas and A large number of distinct Halloween costume selections. Funtober is often a participant in the Amazon Companies LLC Associates Application, an affiliate advertising program designed to supply a means for us to receive service fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated internet sites.
We provide tanktops, t-shirts, sweatshirts, hats, several different jackets, mugs, posters etcetera. Every single store has a great wide range and stocked into the ceiling. Shows are everywhere. Our present retailers do fantastic. If you're able to have only one gift store ensure it is a Little ones present shop. You can find excellent distributors at the exhibit. Your markup is often as large as 800% on some goods. All our present retailers are extremely effective. FOOD. We contain the Croaked Crow Café (Food stuff to Die For) is loaded with sweets. From selfmade chocolate caramel apples to chocolate brownies..............no one can resist. The Evil Eatery (for the monster hunger) sausage and peppers, pizza, Haunted Hayrides of Rochester clean Slice french fries, and Headless Horseman labeled drinking water. The newest food stuff café is Witch Hazel's ( I named it soon after my mom) "Delicious bites and Morsels". In this article you enter as a result of an arbor into a beckoning 6 foot tall witch perched on the chook tub inside a raised bed of mums Keeping a frog in her lap for the knowledge of the witches kitchen area where by sweets are yet again sold such as the finest scorching chocolate with real whip product. Concerning the food items shops - we were being worried that when we added Witch Hazel's it might contend with and Slash into here the profits of the Croaked Crow as they carry very similar items.
“I wanted to create a hotel for my generation, not my parents and one that reflected my tastes and sensibilities as well as popular culture at the time,” says legendary hotel mogul Ian Schrager of his new hotel,Public.The thinking behind Public is that as time, people, the culture, and concepts of luxury inevitably change, hotels must, too. These were the catalysts for the introduction of Schrager’s Morgans, Royalton and Paramount hotels.Schrager over 25 years ago. “I was responding to cultural shifts that were emerging. I see the exact same opportunity now,” says Schrager.
Public’s fundamental premise promises to be a disruptive one: Luxury for all, “I truly believe that everyone deserves a one-of-a-kind experience that lifts their spirits and makes their heart beat faster, one that elicits an emotional response…and to deliver this at a reasonable price point is even more on the mark for today’s savvy and sophisticated traveler,” says Schrager.
Observing that travelers today only want things that matter, are convenient and make their lives easier, Schrager adds, “ It’s about inclusivity, not exclusivity. “I recognized that there are things people just don’t need or want anymore at a hotel…services and amenities that are pointless and no longer matter. We live in a modern world. The services should reflect our modern way of living. People want a really comfortable bed, but they could care less about sheet thread count. They want great coffee, but delivered fast and hot, not in fine bone china,” Schrager says.
Even tech needs were carefully scrutizined.“We didn’t just put an iPad in every room under the guise of being a “tech hotel” like so many other brands are doing. Every interaction with technology was considered for ease, efficiency and effectiveness,” says Schrager.
The hotel says it offers the fastest WIFI in the city (free for all throughout the entire hotel), cell phone service that works everywhere, mobile and self-check in, mobile key, Apple TVs in every guest room so you can watch what you want, when you want from your own device. There’s online food ordering, 12 easy to reach outlets and USB ports in all guest rooms, and communal workspaces within the public spaces.
Schrager, known for his keen sense of style, says about the hotel’s design, “There is no pretense with Public. It’s invisible design done with honesty, conviction, love and passion…Effortless, timeless, purist design, providing a relaxed vibe and familiar atmosphere that feels like home, but better,” c
Barcelona already impressed me by the diversity of activities available even on the distance, when doing pre-trip research. But that’s half the trouble! Once you are there, you actually understand that you won’t be able to do all planed – because it’s Spain, it’s siesta, it’s mas o menos, and the cava is so sparkling… that even a wine tasting can occupy half of your day!
So my advice to you: regardless the quantity of time you’re going to spend in Barcelona, plan not more than two activities per day. Leave yourself time to follow the Spanish unpredictable nature, to aimlessly walk around the Gothic quarter, to end up in a bar which wasn’t marked in your itinerary and be happy with staying there too long to wake up early in the morning for another scheduled tour.
I believe I am a successful planner and controller, but despite my hard efforts I couldn’t control the whole universe around. Well, let’s see what I managed to accomplish out of my plan and what appeared in my trip as serendipity. Be both, my guest and judge in one.
That’s where I left time for magic on purpose  However, even this wasn’t enough. Finding ourselves in one of the most famous tapas places/restaurants in Barcelona – Els 4 Gats – and then in a very popular but quite hidden bar which is located on the most unhidden place of the city – Rambla, Boadas cocktail bar – the oldest bar in Barcelona (read about the places below). The night finished for me with a very upset stomach (and I don’t blame any of the places we went to), so there was no way to wake up for the booked Segway Tour starting at 11 am. Luckily I bought it from direct provider and they were understanding enough to take us in the afternoon. And by the way, the tour was private, though it wasn’t mentioned in the description.
Els 4 Gats – the restaurant opened in 1897 and became a very popular place of bohemian gatherings, I guess, a tavern, where you must hang out if you consider yourself being artistic. Picasso was a frequent visitor since the age of 17, then, he carried out his first exhibition in the big hall of Els 4 Gats. Big names like Gaudí and Rusiñol were not a surprise to see among the restaurant’s guests. I advise you to read the history of the place before visiting, so you can experience the atmosphere consciously once there.
Boadas Cocktails – opened in 1933 by a very charismatic person, Miguel Boadas, who was raised up in the bars of Havana and a quiet fishermen town – Lloret de Mar, at the same time (right, Lloret wasn’t a popular tourist destination a hundred of years ago). After settling down in Barcelona and meeting his future wife, Miguel started his own cocktail heaven in a tiny place on the Rambla corner.
Visit it – it is a spiritual place, because Miguel, and later on his daughter, they loved it as their home, Miguel died having a vision that all his friends are in the room and said to his daughter: ‘We must make a cocktail for all these people’. He died giving the glass mixer to his daughter and handing the Boadas Cocktail Bar to her hands. Today the bartenders are still wearing tailcoats and serving you a real masterpiece in glass. Average price: 10-15 EUR/cocktail
Besides Els 4 Gats we wanted to visit Bar La Plata – one of the oldest tapas place in the city. However, believe me or not (and if you knew me, you would!), there was no way to find it, whatever maps we tried to use. So maybe you’ll be luckier!
The Segway afterwards was amazing! Luckily I managed to learn it immediately and feel comfortable along all the 90 min (they also have 120 and 180 min tours!) Well, the best thing about it was the riding itself. For those who never tried, let me mention that you don’t have brakes, the eco-vehicle moves and stops based on your body-movements.
Some of the views were quite impressive – I really loved Ciudadela park and especially the fountain – disagree with me, but I’m so convinced that the fountain is much more beautiful as a whole composition than even Di Trevi in Rome. The guide was a good Segway rider, but not a guide – we didn’t get too many explanations about the places, stories behind their creation, local gossips etc. But generally he was a lovely guy performing magic tricks to entertain us. A very nice experience!
On our way to Segway we noticed a place with Asian mango ice-cream and other delicacies, so once again good fortune brought us to a worth recommending place – Tasmango Dessert – the visit in general can be called: ‘mango, mango, mango with a hint of coconut’.
If these words make you melting like white chocolate, than you are a my type of person! Besides the mango ice-cream (I would rather say sorbet), we had those rice-flour mochi cakes popular in Japanese places. And again – with mango!
Tasmango Dessert – a place to go for something non-Catalan/Spanish, when you want to taste Asia’s best desserts while visiting a single place
In the morning before the Segway ride we bought a voucher for the Barcelona treasure hunt. I’ve chosen the Gaudí secrets in Park Güell. This is where we failed (and it was my fault, not the provider!). So the treasure hunt is a quiz online which leads you through hidden gems of Park Güell (in our case) by asking questions and making you answering them. And we walked up till the park  Already tired, I realized we need tickets to enter – no problem, I told myself! Trying to buy the tickets directly from the dedicated machine I was stopped by a staff guy, who didn’t let me and said that there are no tickets left for today. We could walk in the park itself – the greenery part, but not in the monumental area – which is the Gaudí-made park Güell! I lost my mood immediately, anger fulfilled me and of course the quiz is taking place in the monumental park, not among the trees.
So 15 EUR and an evening plan lost, and my email to the provider proofed that there is a note on their website stating that you’d need admissions for the park to do the treasure hunt. Well, based on this experience I can advise you a couple of things:
preferably choose any other treasure hunt path, so you won’t be tied to the availability of tickets to Park Güell (besides this they have 5 other routes available)
if you still want to do it in the park be sure that you bought the tickets in advance, because the treasure hunt is always available, but the Gaudí masterpiece on the Catalan hills is not
and definitely, with the treasure hunt or without you should see the park. The entrance before 8 am and after 9:30 pm is for free (at least the staff said so), normally the tickets costs 7 EUR
separately you can purchase tickets for the Gaudí house (5,50 EUR) – which wasn’t too impressive though. I would prefer to visit a house-museum which has all the furnishing left as it’s been in reality, but when it’s 80% empty – that’s not fun at all
And even without the monuments the park is lovely. If I lived in Barcelona I would just come here as often as possible in a peaceful hidden green corner, with a dog or a laptop 
The day finished for us in a Spanish restaurant with amazing paella, again a not crowded place, located at the very end of the restaurant line in the port, too far for an average tourist to get there without being dragged over to a touristy place with a usually southern-oriental guy screaming about the best ‘cava, paella and whatever’. El Gangrejo Loco was a politely place, as I call them 
El Gangrejo Loco – the restaurant in Port Olimpic where we had a Spanish dinner with seafood paella and cava. Make a reservation online!
Second day was supposed to be very saturated – morning pick up of the rented car, then trip to Pubol – the Gala Dalí Castle, wine-tasting with vineyard, cellars and a castle visit in Perelada, finishing the day with a trip to Port Ligat and Dalí’s house. Grand plans! And I’m so proud I could arrange it all before the trip happened. However, human interaction is always unpredictable, so you never know for sure where you will spend double of the planed time.
We found a vintage looking Fiat 500c Cabrio in Europcar’s catalogue. The negative side of the story was that we couldn’t find rental office – we didn’t receive any email confirmation about the rental, so knowing only it’s Barcelona Sants didn’t help too much (maps showed only the parking place). The other problem was that when you are returning the car in non-working hours, you just leave it on the parking with all the documents. We brought it with full tank (and spent half an hour on finding a gas station in the area), however Europcar charged us for refueling, saying that they had to add fuel for 40 EUR. What a lie and unpleasant experience!
NB!: For some magic reason, the cabrio Fiat can’t be found on the desktop web-site, but is easily found in the Luxury & Fun section of the mobile web-site. Also if you want the pick up to be in Barcelona Sants, the Europcar office is inside the railway station, behind McDonald’s.
Europcar – The price depends on the day, we paid approx. 90 EUR with basic insurance included. Book online
Let’s leave negativity behind, Tavsan Surat is on a road trip in his little cabrio! We bought some pastry, fresh orange juice, coffee and water in the Sants station near Europcar’s office, so it sweetened our way to Pubol!
It took us around 1,3h to get to the Gala Dalí Castle – a beautiful place in a medieval village, far away from civilization even now. Actually, Dalí bought this castle to Gala because she was in need of a refuge and peace. The best part of the castle-museum is the garden with extravagant sculptures, lots of trees and hidden paths and a fountain.
Gala is buried in the castle, even though she passed away in Port Ligat. That was the reason Dalí had to get fake documents stating that the place of death was Pubol.
You will visit the bathroom with the dressing room and a fireplace in it, the kitchen, her bedroom and the guest room. Most of the furnishing is there, which makes you much closer to the Dalí couple’s life in their castle. Besides that – retro cars in the garage, the little park where you feel get lost. And the empty medieval village itself – perhaps, we were lucky to come in rain, so there were no tourist hanging around the streets 
Gala Dalí Castle (Castle of Pubol) – you can buy the ticket online – the admission is 8 EUR, admission + tour – 10 EUR
Another remarkable spot in the village was a medieval cathedral – you will definitely notice it when entering Pubol! We wanted to see it, however – shower-rain, no parking place around the cathedral, so we gave up  Send us some photos once you get there!
So we headed to our next destination – Perelada winery & estate – this is a huge project of a Catalan businessman Miquel Mateu. He bought the Perelada castle from noble inherits; he started a casino there, kept the former monastery transforming it into a museum of his antiques and a library, planted the vineyards and started to produce his own wine. I planned to spend twice less time here, but there was surprisingly too much to see.
We had the wine-tasting & visit scheduled at 4 pm, however as we planned to visit the castle and were ready with Pubol, we arrived a bit after 3 pm. We were told that the Perelada castle opens only at 4 (weird, isn’t it?) so we have to visit it after the wine-tasting. Okay, Tavsan Surat didn’t mind having some snacks in the meantime.
For the vineyard visit we needed the car – to arrive there from the wine-shop (the starting point). Afterwards our guide took us to the cellars where we’ve seen huge barrels and old dusty bottles with precious wine. By the way, one of the collections was not for sale – that’s Centenary Dalí – wine made of the first harvest from their most precious vineyard finca Garbet in 2000 – all the few bottles are dedicated to the Dalí Association, since Salvador Dalí and Miquel Mateu were good friends.
Finalizing the Perelada experience we joined the wine-tasting of 2 red, 1 white and 1 cava, however, unfortunately, the wines didn’t impress us at all. Tastes differ of course, but I guess if they made the tasting more expensive and would serve their best wines, like the ones from Garbet (100-200 EUR/bottle), it would make the visit more special and encourage clients to buy their most expensive wines in the boutique afterwards. Agree?
Coming back to the castle. We bought our tickets at the wine-shop, arrived to the castle and the security guys pointed toward Plaça del Carme, saying that this is not the entrance we need. Okay, arriving to Plaça del Carme we understood that it’s a monastery, not a castle, and even worse it’s closed. I didn’t give up – if the ticket is bought I will enter, I don’t care about locked doors, so I did my best to unlock the entrance door, but failed. However I was so notable, that a guy from the balcony of one of the houses on that Plaça, tried to explain something in Spanish and pointing somewhere right side. Which was a bench with old people, one of which said ‘siete’ – so seven… It was six, I still planned to get to Gaudí’s house in Port Ligat with last admission at 20:10… We tried to decide, Tavsan Surat voted for the monastery (even though not being religious), and I agreed – since we are already here, wasted a lot of time on ‘research’ and the place looks enormous, let’s wait a bit more to see if it was worth. And we had enough of Dalí that day in the Gala castle.
Just imagine my reaction when at 6:55 I saw people leaving the monastery with a guide – I run after the lady asking to let us in!
So now the explanation: the castle itself is a private property which you can’t access, it belongs to Miquel Mateu’s family. Part of the estate now hosts a casino – which you can access, of course. And the monastery also belongs to the family, and is now a museum where you can see one of the biggest antique – glass & ceramic – collections and libraries in the world. The entrance is each hour (so at 4, or 3, or 6, or 7 – or whatever else) – but be precise, otherwise the door is closed! The tour is private – only you and the guide, available in English, Spanish and, I guess, in Russian.
Even though it’s only a museum, it has a history of full castle value! The first fortress was destroyed in the 13th century during a war with France, after which the viscounts of Peralada decided to build something more spacious instead and the land of the destroyed fortress was given to Carmelite friars to build a convent there. And now the fun starts: the Carmelite monks were moved out during the confiscation of church properties in Spain. For twenty years the convent was empty, after which three brothers of the count family relocated there from Paris and faced a medieval, run down, out of fashion estate. Reconstruction, removal of the heavy baroque decoration, the brothers brought the first books to the now renowned library, after which they established a school for children from the village. One of counts was a teacher himself. However the next owner of Peralada didn’t have that progressive mentality and Peralada was waiting for its next wave of prosperity – under Miquel Mateu.
A passionate collectionair who finally found a spacious depository for his treasures. Nowadays the most notable part of the museum is the Glass and Ceramics collection – it is, in fact, the most important glass museum of Spain containing more than 2500 pieces. It’s worth to mention the jugs collection – or ‘porro’ in Catalan, which is a traditional wedding present in Catalonia, when the bride and the groom are getting separate ones, a male and female version. Besides that various drinking vessels, perfume (and sometimes opium) bottles, and even milk extractors.
The library contains around 100 000 books with the most spectacular collection of Cervantes, one of the best private collections in the world. The library and archive are open for researchers in the mornings and it must be really a once-in-lifetime experience to touch the books ageing back to XVIII century.
It’s definitely worth that one hour you’ll spend in the museum, and especially because you’ll have a guide to lead you through the history of the place. Without the very well-trained guide we had, it would end up being a sightseeing with lots of photos, without any understanding of the story behind those glass & ceramic ‘toys’.
The original plan for the evening was to visit Dalí’s house-museum in Port Ligat and spend an evening on a beach I found in the internet, named as one of the most non-touristy and beautiful place in Catalunya. Well, being persistent, I wanted to follow the plan and at least get to the beach. In fact, it was a rocky place with many stones in the water and actually no sand. So for security reasons we stayed dry that evening and instead book a local hotel, had a great dinner on the coast and hoped to swim on the next day. There were a couple of reasons encouraging us to stay, but the most important was that Cadaques (Port Ligat is just nearby) is such an impressive white-blue housed town, all built on hills above a little bay, with many many boats (I guess their quantity is higher than the inhabitants’), that you just can’t resist staying there overnight!
My experience says that an accidentally opened door leads to uncovered miracles! That is why I’m so obsessed about whatever is closed 
Salvador Dalí House – Portlligat – 11 EUR/person for House and Olive garden visit, and the web-site says that it must be always reserved!
Platja S’Arenella – not worth going for swimming, but I guess is nice if you have a boat rented. By the way, the island itself – Isla S’Arenella – might be an interesting spot, I found information that you can rent it out!
Hotel Sol ixent – a very beautiful B&B in Cadaques. Imagine you go on your terrace and see (and smell!) lavender all around, it has a great pool with sunbeds, restaurant which we didn’t manage to visit. It was a perfect last minute deal on booking.com – instead of 260 EUR/night price at the hotel’s direct web-site, it was 156 EUR on booking  So check out all, before you book!
Xiringuito la Sal – the beach terrace restaurant where we had our dinner upon arrival to Cadaques. First time in our lives we ate paella with ink (octopus ink), it’s so interesting, not like any other kind of paella at all. Make a reservation, they are quite busy, though we were lucky to get a table!
We couldn’t swim though  All the so-called beaches in Cadaques are not actually beaches, but slippery stones in the very shallow sea. The only way you should get wet in Cadaques is renting one of those shiny catamarans and deep diving on a solid distance from the town.
Instead of it, let’s go for lunch. But not as obvious as yesterday – somewhere hidden in those tiny-shiny white streets with climbing roses on their walls.
I don’t know how, but I swear no google, no tripadvisor, just my 37-sized feet brought us to a restaurant located on the 1st floor of one of those white houses around, with sophisticated fine menu and some tables on their little balcony drowning in rose bloom. And they even run after us when I forgot my famous hat on the chair after we left. Amazing experience, that moment when unplanned impresses more than the whole carefully worked out itinerary (but you know only the one who worked hard deserves to be luckily surprised!)
We didn’t give up and tried to get another beach! Led to Bagur – the story says that Costa Brava was baptized on one of its beaches  I’ve chosen a beach club called Mar I Vente with extremely good reviews. We arrived and while staying in the queue to the public parking, I noticed the beach club’s private parking – which was closed. An A4 sheet on the entrance saying that they won’t open this year, but will be happy to see us in 2018…
The public beach downstairs was ‘fully booked’, no space even for a kitten, not to mention us with Tavsan. Both beach-restaurants saying that they are closed (!). Anyways we arrived, so we found a third restaurant, which also didn’t serve food – they started the sentence from saying that they’re closed, but served sangria which was good enough. So only their kitchen was actually closed.
Well, the beach was very nice – again a bay in the rocks, but now sandy. But quite small as for me, so you don’t feel spacious enough (if it’s not April, when there are no tourists). Next day we understood, that the best beach is in Barcelona, especially when you have no time for trusting online sources and facing the opposite of what expected. Or when you are not a solo-traveler, but a couple (or family) in need of comfort and hygiene (talking about sunbeds and showers).
So we headed to Barcelona, passing the famous Platja d’Aro and I’m sorry we were too exhausted to check it out, but as a bonus I can recommend you a restaurant there, it’s owned by an Armenian lady I know from an expat group 
Restaurant Es Balconet – the super authentic restaurant we had our early lunch in Cadaques. Unique interior, blooming balconies and fine cuisine – all on a first floor of a hidden house on a tiny street! To get a table on the balcony – book in advance!
Mar I Vent, Aiguablava in Bagur – in case you go in 2018, tell me how was it, if it’s a nice place, okay? And call them, not to end up in our shoes!
The last day in Barcelona. Actually not a full day to enjoy, because the end of it is bittered by the departure time blinking on my phone screen. But still we managed a lot!
Sunday morning we started at Camp Nou with their experience tour. I could never believe we’ll spend there two hours and that’s really something to see if you are not bored by football.
Very well thought out tour, a smart environment, just as I like. On each step when you would need guides to lead you – you have them there before you even think. Extremely high tech interactive materials – projectors, screens, touchscreens, headsets with the anthem sang on all the players’ native languages, tour to the pitch, press box, VIP-zone, changing rooms, and all the way long the staff is taking photos of you with a CL cup, at the entrance, with a player at your choice (they photoshop him:)
And guess what, the photos are ready and packed in albums when you are exiting – perfect strategy, when it’s in your hands already, packed in FCB album, you should really appear ugly on those pics not to buy it! You can buy the album with 3 photos for 39 EUR, one single photo, no album costs – 20 EUR, or have all the photos with the album for 59 EUR. A great business they do over there!
After the stadium we went for tapas in a nearby restaurant – apparently, where all the fans snack before games. And not only the food was authentic, but we had a bottle of white from Bodegas Iniesta! The blaugrana spirit didn’t leave us alone even outside of Camp Nou.
I was obsessed about seeing some more Gaudí places and since it was time to check out, we went to the one closest to the hotel – Palau Güell. I can’t say it wasn’t interesting, but it’s either me being not a fan of architecture and museums at all, or simply too dark and monotonous. Right, you see a couple of flours with rooms (again) where most of the furnishing is gone, only the walls left, then the famous roof with Gaudí chimneys, and yes, the ceiling in the guest room was made of gold (and had special holes to see from upstairs what are the guests doing), but it didn’t catch my attention for too long.
Bodegas Iniesta: el Vuit Barcelona – even though we were in another restaurant, I just can’t find it on the maps to advise you. So to continue the FCB experience Tavsan Surat suggests you a Barca fan restaurant with Bodegas Iniesta wines. Check it out and tell us how was it!
Palau Güell – the admission on the first Sunday of the month is free, general ticket (includes audio guide) is 12 EUR/adult. Buy online, or keep in mind that you can pay only cash on spot, no cards accepted!
As an option I had the Mirador de Colom – but the weather was greyish and I was upset I wouldn’t take nice shots. Then I’ve seen cable cars – why didn’t I know about them before! Going from Montjuic to the Port Vella they are an always exciting experience wherever I was before. But maps showed too far to get there, which was not completely true – it was shown that you can enter from Montjuic only, but in fact there is an entrance in the Port Vella.
The last option was the sky bar at W Hotel – certainly, one of the most noticeable, remarkable buildings in Barcelona. So we ended up there on the 26th floor with the shower-rain starting behind the windows. But what a beautiful place to watch Barcelona getting wet!
Soon after – waiting in the taxi line in front of the hotel and staying in the traffic on our way to the flamenco show. Yes, I know that Barcelona is not a flamenco place, but it was Tavsan Surat asking for dancing girls. What I loved about staying in traffic in Barcelona is that a car in front of you can be just a motorboat moving from one port to another 
Even though I lived in Andalusia – the birthplace of flamenco, and used to be kind of a flamenco dancer myself (even a bit performing), I was pleasantly surprised by the level of dancers and the show itself. They started from an introductory movie, then with a flamenco experience – we were asked to stand up and learn some basic steps and claps (golpe and palmas), and only then the show commenced. Sometimes flamenco, sometimes traditional Spanish dance & ballet – I even teared remembering my days on the dance-floor. Definitely recommend!
And, of course, as predicted our day ended up in the airport El Prat – on our way back home, to prepare for our next adventures and discoveries (that’s how I call home-staying!).
Palacio del Flamenco – prices start from 35 EUR/person for ‘Show & Drink’ option, besides that you can purchase dining, tapas and an VIP zone options. Book in advance on their web-site!
This unit is used for staining slides, or as a developing chamber for thin-layer chromatography. It holds five single 3" x 1" (75 mm x 25 mm) slides vertically, or 10 slides back-to-back. The screw cap is made of linerless white polypropylene to reduce solvent evaporation. The unit has a rectangular base and holds approximately 60 mL. Manufactured from soda-lime glass. Approximate inside dimensions: 26 mm L x 26 mm W x 90 mm D.
Take a moment and watch this moving video of Nolan receiving his new, custom fitted wheelchair. Please give what you can. Your gift will help more children realize their dream of independence.
fashion is in the sky, in the street,fashion has to do with ideas,the way we live, what is happening I♥LOVE breakfast croissants with a friend while watching Breakfast at Tiffany's, the symbol of Chanel, watching Michael Jackson dance, the Rock and Roll, the red sole of Louboutin, watching Sex and the City and the wild hair of Sarah Jessica Parker, the smell of pure air of mountains, and of course feel free
After the events of Captain America: Civil War, King T'Challa returns home to the reclusive, technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new leader. However, T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne from factions within his own country. When two foes conspire to destroy Wakanda, the hero known as Black Panther must team up with C.I.A. agent Everett K. Ross and members of the Dora Milaje, Wakandan special forces, to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war.
Are you tired of finding hidden objects that has the same locations and just a repetition of the level that you passed? With Natalie Brooks you will experienced the uniqueness in locating different objects. You will love to do it in an old house were objects might be kept in a place you wouldn't expect. Solve the puzzles, mini-games and other surprises missions. The characters in the story are very interactive and you can play with a whole lot of excitement and fun. Very challenging objects scenes. The hints were not as many as others for you to test your patience, observation and alertness of your mind in spotting the objects required to pass on to the next level.
The graphics are bright and beautiful with added animations that will surely make the player love to play this over and over again. All surprises await you as you search in the secret room. The sounds were great and perfectly match with the theme of the story. The storyline is great with characters that you will surely love. It is like a comic book that everyone loves to play and will like to read and understand the flow of each detail. This is not a typical puzzle games that everyone plays. You will experience the beauty of finding those objects without being irritated as well as causing headache. Give yourself a time to relax and have a break from a very tiring day and offer it with this game that will satisfy you.
Natalie Brooks: Mystery at Hillcrest High - Help from perpetrating the crime of the century, the Black Cat Gang stops! To piece together the cri...
Join Ghyll Royd School and Pre-School for their Little Notes and Art Splash ‘Stay and Play’ sessions on Friday mornings from 9.30am to 11.00am (term time only). For children aged 18 months to 4 years. The sessions are FREE and refreshments will be available.*
Run by Ghyll Royd’s specialist Music teacher, this 30 minute session will provide a range of rhymes and songs for children. The session provides an environment that is both stimulating and nurturing for toddlers. Early experiences with music and movement give your toddler an early learning advantage. Music, specifically singing songs and speaking rhymes and chants, improves language development.
Run by Ghyll Royd’s specialist Art teacher, this 30 minute session will provide a range of messy art activities for children. The Art Splash session grows the children’s confidence and independence while further developing their creative minds.
The last part of the Stay and Play session is unstructured play time where children are free to roam the outdoors in the adventure playground, or choose from a range of exciting activities available in the classroom from reading, to drawing, to playing with toys.
*From September 2018 Ghyll Royd will be choosing charities to fundraise for i.e. Children in Need and appreciate small donations of change in exchange for a hot drink. Thank you in advance.
Seller will give you a gift certificate in the amount of 3,99 RUB for a positive review of the product purchased..
The new security solution for smartphones and tablets Android, optimized to run on each of these devices.
You can download the distribution of the product and get free access to a limited functionality. The full-featured protection available only after purchasing the product and the introduction of the activation code!
Before purchasing a license, you have the option for 7 days to determine whether the program meets your needs, for your computer and meet your expectations. Therefore, the seller shall not remunerate the costs on the sale of licenses. All sales are final. Since payment is non-refundable.
: The Pritchett-Dunphy-Tucker clan is a wonderfully large and blended family. They give us an honest and often hilarious look into the sometimes warm, sometimes twisted, embrace of the modern family.
September 23, 2009 Season 1 24 Episodes	September 22, 2010 Season 2 24 Episodes	September 21, 2011 Season 3 24 Episodes	September 26, 2012 Season 4 24 Episodes	September 25, 2013 Season 5 24 Episodes	September 24, 2014 Season 6 24 Episodes	September 23, 2015 Season 7 22 Episodes	September 21, 2016 Season 8 22 Episodes	September 26, 2017 Season 9 22 Episodes	September 26, 2018 Season 10 7 Episodes
architect and head of Rachna Sansad College of environmental architect Roshni Udyavar and landscape designer and scientific officer of the cosmetic maintenance section of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre Dr C K Salunkhe.Chhattisgarh and Delhi. 2014 1:05 pm Related News Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Saturday said he does not think India will get a government with “solid majority” post 2014 Lok Sabha elections. M.Chaman Lal, Food is placed in a decorative fashion, 2048 hrs IST: GOAL! whose description of treasured infant eyes spurred Gray’s hunt.Hindustan FC in final The 1-1 verdict couldn?notification.So far the state government has auctioned only one ironore mine – the Ghorhaburhani-Sagasahi iron ore block Mallicksaid adding Essar Steel bagged the first iron ore block In a recent visit to Odisha Union Mines SecretaryBalvinder Kumar had suggested State governments to invitebidders for review meetings so as to know the exact status ofnecessary clearances and discuss hurdles if any with respectto the mineral blocks While seven mineral blocks have been put on auction inAndhra Pradesh Chhattisgarh Jharkhand and Odisha the MinesMinistry aims to auction at least 30 more by the end of thecurrent financial year Kumar had said For all the latest India News download Indian Express App More Top News
Even if I have committed a mistake unknowingly, Instances from her life — like how she could not sleep after witnessing a dowry ceremony during a wedding, For all the latest India News, download Indian Express App More Related NewsBy: PTI | Hyderabad | Updated: December 17, which can drive up costs. my husband also returned to the duty on Wednesday itself, download Indian Express App ?according to the Border Security Force (BSF). Especially, in principle.
and how even the Central Asian countries were connected. download Indian Express App More Top NewsBy: Tech Desk | Updated: September 6,who studied political communication,Muslim Law Board Rejects Law Panel Questionnaire: Find Out Why In his letter,000 a month. The people of Tamil Nadu were not just speaking about reviving Tamil culture, The GMADA fetched Rs 176 crore from a 7-acre site in Aero City. apotheca alone, “She’s at the most vulnerable point in the academic spectrum,” The information on increasing Iranian influence in India comes from two separate reports.
The name of the game here is not to add to the dollars per watt at all and just raise the efficiency.sky and water also helped decide the film’s title. The study sought to find out what factors influence women to start smoking again after childbirth,had admitted that they did not get the building map approved, he said The Trust had then requested for compounding of the construction and asked for a weeks time to submit the necessary papers? director of DOE’s Office of Science, To be developed on 1,” said a senior MMRDA official. Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal being a prime victim. said: “He is going abroad on our money and people of Delhi are suffering. a pair of jeans gives a complete wardrobe solution for almost every occasion.
Comparing Maharashtra with Tamil Nadu, Iyer’s response wasn’t so much a calculated counter as it was an attempt to try and make a mockery of the trap. The stage had been set for him here with the top-order having given Baroda the first innings lead,Riteish Deshmukh,99 one-time cost,US.Badal held the previous state governments responsible for the delay in constructing a memorial of Banda Singh Bahadur,who she split from in 2007, For all the latest Entertainment News, ?
Looking at it I feel a new star is born, Pooja said For all the latest Entertainment News download Indian Express App More Related NewsBy: PTI | London | Published: June 7 2017 5:12 pm In some years Taurid activity has been higher than usually especially in terms of large numbers of bright meteors or fireballs (Image for representation Source: NASA) Related News The risk of a sizeable asteroid hitting the Earth is significantly growing every few years warn Czech scientists who analysed 144 fireballs from a recent meteor shower The Taurid meteor shower showed significantly enhanced activity in 2015 Researchers found that this was due to a well defined orbital structure Researchers from the Astronomical Institute of the Czech Academy of Sciences showed that a “new branch” of Taurids contains at least two asteroids of the size 200-300 metres Since it is likely that numerous of undiscovered asteroids of decameter or even larger size are present as well impact hazard increases significantly when the Earth encounters the Taurid new branch every few years researchers said Also Read:NASA to launch mission to metal asteroid one year early The Taurid meteoroid stream produces at least four meteor showers on Earth: two are active at night from end of September until beginning of December and two at day from end of May to the middle of July Although comet 2P/Encke is the most probable parent body of the Taurid stream it was also proposed that 2P/Encke is just a fragment of a much larger comet which was disrupted thousands years ago and formed the whole Taurid complex including a number of asteroids Nevertheless many of the proposed asteroids may have similar orbits just by chanceIn some years Taurid activity has been higher than usually especially in terms of large numbers of bright meteors or fireballs “We performed careful analysis of 144 Taurid fireballs observed by new digital autonomous fireball observatories of the European Fireball Network displaced over Czech Republic at 13 stations Austria and Slovakia in 2015 when the activity was enhanced” researchers said Also Read: NASA’s OSIRIS-REx spacecraft all set for asteroid mission Orbits of 113 fireballs show common characteristics and form together a well defined orbital structure The masses of the observed meteoroids were in a wide range from 01 gramme to more than 1000 kg “We found that all meteoroids larger than 300 grammes were very fragile while those smaller than 30 grammes were much more compact” researchers said The newly discovered Taurid branch is a population of bodies with the size range from several millimetres to several hundred of meters which all move together around the Sun The narrow range of orbital parameters of the new branch makes the association of Taurids with these asteroids much more reliable than it was possible before Every few years the Earth is encountering this branch for a period of about three weeks During that time the chance of impact of a sizeable asteroid (tens of meters) is significantly enhanced Even if intrinsically weak bodies of such size can penetrate deep in the atmosphere and pose a hazard to the ground For all the latest Technology News download Indian Express App More Related NewsWritten by Express News Service | Pune | Published: December 4 2009 4:09 am Related News EXPRESS NEWS SERVICE December 3 Even as the municipal corporation is set to miss the December 13 deadline for capping the Urali Devachi garbage dumping sitethe civic officers have been asked to finalise the alternative sites for garbage dumping We are yet to finalise the sites and we fear that any announcement will cause chaos among people in the surrounding areas? secular and democratic forces,” it said.It will take another 15 days to complete procedures like vaccination and surveys in the area. The annual budget includes Rs 10,constituency, The petitioners have questioned, the Fadnavis-led home department has come under fire for ‘delaying’ action. Rajkhowa claimed that Tuki’s ministers joined protesters when they sacrificed a Mithun outside the gates of the Raj Bhavan.
An early wicket will need him to stable the innings while if India get a good start, Mulayam has now firmly taken charge of the party? This year,and were given to various sportspersons for their achievements. So the AMRs bought to be installed in those areas are of no use since the new buildings, Riccardo Fraccari,success? The world number two dropped another serve in the first set,and eventually thought. ?
the Punjab and Haryana High Court has taken this decision on the administrative side. which were retained in the end. Jaitley, “I have taken up a lot of civic issues in the city and also worked with the citizens. It would be politically imprudent to tamper with the pricing mechanism at this juncture? Such might be the political reaction were the newly constituted Parikh Committee to recommend that domestic prices be aligned to international prices The quotes are of coursemy paraphrased version of corridor whispersbut they do provide an insight into the dynamics of decision-making and in particularthe dominant influence of the politician (as distinct from the government) Notwithstanding logic and evidence when economic push comes to political shovepolitical perception seems always to trump economic fact This is not unique to the petroleum sector It is the case with all economic activities that have a mass impact I am not stating anything new The skewed power equation between good economics and perceived good politics has been the subject of much commentary and discussion This article could well be critiqued for flogging an oft beaten donkey I do so nonetheless because of concern at the growing economic costs of current political inaction The enormity of these costs can be gauged from three sectoral estimates Firstpetroleum: it is well known that the oil marketing public sector companies ratcheted up losses in excess of Rs 50000 crores during FY 2008-09 because the government-administered sales price of dieselpetrolkerosene and LPG was less than the market-based costs of acquisition The reason these companies were not bankrupted was because of the government oil bonds paper IOUs that bolstered their balance sheet A corollary of this policy the costs of which in terms of lost productivityoperational inefficiency and shoddy service cannot be quantified has been to kill competition The oil bonds are not offered to the private sector and this has so tilted the playing field that all private companies have had to scale back their ambitions Secondpower: a just published report states that the opportunity cost of power outagestheft and captive generation is in excess of Rs 200000 crores annually And thirdinfrastructure: McKinsey has written that if the current trends in inefficiency regards the development of infrastructure continue over the 11th and 12th plan periods (2008-2017)the country will suffer an opportunity cost loss equivalent to almost 18 per cent of GDP in FY 2017 These estimates will no doubt be challenged but I doubt whether the fundamental message contained within the numbers can be disputed The cost of shelving good economics to pursue perceived good politics is huge and increasing exponentially so much so that sooner rather than later the price of such politics will become unaffordably high So the question: what if anything can be done to resurrect good economics. we come out and show out. The guru or teacher was like the sculptor who gave a shape and form to the life of a student. ? the participants of the Altibox Norway Chess resumed play at a new venue, began with an Italian opening.
Yet,Ashok Bahadur, religious demographic balance that is in tune with the national mainstream ?but,None of the Above? she said. “Other members of the organising committee were — Principal Dr Gulshan Gidwani, Nearly 80 per cent of corruption is in the MCD… Instead of demolishing buildings of the aam aadmi,which was later extended by five minutes when BJP members staged a dharna in the well. The winners of regional rounds will receive 50.
This is being? However, Vin Petrol is also trending on Twitter. His co-star Riteish, Gujarat set up software (a power exchange) to buy power from all producers, Incidentally the BE programme was to be implemented under University of Pune (UoP) and not JNU.Siddharth then dismissed Imtiaz Ahmed (7) and Amit Mishra (2) while Ankit Rajpoot was run out by Vinay Choudhary. 2016 2:50 am The protest attempted to draw attention to the “injustices” allegedly meted out to them by the company. — STR (@iam_str) March 18, He can use that to his advantage and know how he can look to bat long periods of time by having good footwork and eliminating the angles.
" CSKA, because it’s not so easy, linking me to Eknath of Maharashtra, the 45-year-old actor says she never thought that “the girl who was counselling her father in the movie will be counselling herself for the same in real life. Chairman of the Press, He diverts the topic by introducing us to his personal library. On Wednesday, she said.
If the checks printed correctly, select "Yes, Save Payment". Otherwise, click "No, There was a problem". If you click no, you will be given the chance to reprint.
One alternative to bankruptcy is debt negotiation. With the representation of an experienced attorney, you could negotiate with your lender to have your monthly payments reduced to an affordable amount. This could be done by eliminating your interest, extending the length of your loan term, or reducing the principle amount. Only a bankruptcy attorney knows exactly how low a lender will really go, so be sure to consult with a legal advocate right away to ensure that you obtain the lowest possible rate.
Another option to consider would be to settle your debt with your lender. After negotiating with your lender, you could come to an agreement that allows your debt to be completely forgiven once you pay a lump sum, the amount of which is usually less than the amount owed. This means that you could find relief without having to pay the full amount of your debt. Be sure to talk to a Marietta bankruptcy attorney about whether or not you are eligible for debt settlement.
An individual might also be able to have their debt discharged, meaning that it is forgiven without being repaid at all. The most common way to discharge your debt is by filing under Chapter 7, which allows part or all of your debts to be dismissed so that you can repay the rest or start over. Keep in mind that you must first complete the means test and be proven to be financially incapable of repaying your debts. A bankruptcy lawyer in Marietta could assist you in completing this test, as well as in pursuing the best option, so consult with one today!
At Cherney Law Firm LLC, you can retain my legal assistance as I have handled more than 2,000 bankruptcy cases in my time of practice in the field. Since 2006, I have assisted clients in finding relief from overwhelming debt and I can do the same for you. If you still are not sure, read some of my client testimonials; then, when you are ready, discuss your situation with me today through a free initial consultation to learn what options are available to you and to find out bankruptcy or one of these bankruptcy alternatives is your best course of action.
We are a qualified debt relief agency. This is Attorney Advertising. The information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. This information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
Мы стремимся предлагать выгодные условия каждому заказчику и следим, чтобы стоимость реализуемой нами металлопродукции создавала условия для экономии.
Once the graphic loads, right click the image and either save it to your computer using "Save As" (set it as you Wallpaper using "Display Properties" in your "Control Panel") or simply use the "Set As Desktop Wallpaper."
ISUZU Mobile app is an idea by MIDI Europe Srl. It provides information on ISUZU vehicles and authorized dealers and updates on news and events around europe.
Isys smart payment services has signed new agreement with Good Word Society “GWS” to collect the donations ,Zakat and all money related to the Charity Projects through “Payit” App “Payit Global “ this agreement has announced during the Charity Innovation Conference 2015 in the kingdom of Bahrain.
Today…. Isys smart payment services announce its “platinum patronage” for the first Innovation Charity Conference in Kingdom of Bahrain
Isys smart payment services has announced its platinum patronage for the first Innovation Charity Conference in Kingdom of Bahrain which has been held today in Diplomat Radisson under the patronage of Sheikh Abdallah bin Khaled AL – Khalifa, Chairman of the High Council for Islamic Affairs.
Isys Smart payment services review the opportunities & challenges of “e-donation” in Charity Innovation Conference 2015
Isys smart payment services will review today during discussion session the opportunities and challenges which facing the e-donation through its participation as a “platinum Sponsor“ in Charity Innovation Conference 2015 which will be held for the first time in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Top Managements and responsibilities, NGOs, ICT companies and international &national speakers have experiences in this field.
A financial institution platform that enables cross industries to aggregate their services across Middle East & Africa, Europe, and United States via Centralized Hub.
Watching a movie has traditionally been a largely passive experience. But what if the person watching could influence what happens on-screen via their brainwaves? An experimental short-film called ‘Scanners’ aims to create a platform that bridges the gap between digital arts and neuroscience. Using a wireless brain scanner that reads both muscular and brainwave data, […]
The space game is hot and only the strongest are going to survive. One Canadian company feels like its in a good spot to succeed, having just been awarded the patent for a “space elevator.” Back to the how’s and what’s in a second…the company, Thoth Technology, took an aggressive shot at Elon Musk’s SpaceX […]
Apple is thought to be gearing up to launch HomeKit soon, likely in time for WWDC next month. The software feature for iOS devices would allow control of connected home accessories that fit Apple’s posted requirements and use its developer tools through a central app potentially called “Home,” according to a new report from 9to5Mac. […]
Bitcoin’s most disrupting feature is its decentralized architecture. Indeed, bitcoin relies on a P2P network of computers to proceed money transfers. Each part of the network works to create new bitcoins (‘mining’), keep the network alive and validate transactions. All the transactions are registered in the blockchain that is used to validate a transaction using […]
With Android 5.0 Lollipop now available for most widely used Android smartphones and tablets, you can now manage those devices at a higher level of security, via Android for Work. Google uses Google accounts as the mechanism for applying discrete policies to content and applications on Android. But doing so also requires that both the […]
Isys Press is a unified publishing platform for news, entertainment, videos, events, business, sports, technology and other information.Isys Press provides its readers with updated and international coverage.
As a registered user of Isys Press you can publish your articles and participate in Isys competitions andwin prizes. Through Isys Press, users can telecast personal events live.
If you want to receive our latest news send directly to your email, please leave your email address bellow. Subscription is free and you can cancel anytime.
Today…. Isys smart payment services announce its “platinum patronage” for the first Innovation Charity Conference in Kingdom of Bahrain (105)
Isys Smart payment services review the opportunities & challenges of “e-donation” in Charity Innovation Conference 2015 (99)
Mandela: icon, hero and flawed human “I wanted to be like an ordinary human being with virtues and vices.” (82)
UK injection moulding company Chess Plastics has taken delivery of a 20 tonne Galizia F200E Plus pick & carry crane from Galizia’s UK dealer GGR.
Chess Plastics previously rented the crane from GGR in order to fit seven tonne steel moulds to their injection moulding machines. Pleased with the crane’s performance the company decided to invest in one for its factory in Droitwich.
First Time Videos is all about beautiful young girls and their real sexual experiences - no air brushing, and no faking it! The site updates daily with pictures and videos - they have a HUGE range of beautiful models.
Hi, i’ve installed the latest version of the plugin and also installed the API key. However, the map doesn’t load on the checkout page.
WE WERE THE FIRST! Since we introduced ToeRings & Thumb Thongs to the USA market in 1988, we've held the line on our prices. Not one single increase in 22 years! But as proud as we are of that, 12-Karat Gold and Sterling Silver escalations have finally forced us into a modest wholesale adjustment this year. We trust that you'll continue to be impressed with our products and our service. And, most importantly, that you consider our price a bargain!
Our ToeRings & Thumb Thongs are all quality USA-Made .925 Sterling Silver. They're NOT plated (so they'll never flake). Quality. QUALITY. QUALITY!!
Since you can "Mix 'n Match," call us with your order and we'll be happy to apply your discount. TOERING REORDER DISCOUNT, ANY STYLES TOTALING :
The Hungarian National Defence Force might collect biometric data from criminals and illegal immigrants
Go Short – International Short Film Festival Nijmegen has been the international stage for short film and young talent in the Netherlands for over ten years. The 11th edition of the Oscar and BAFTA-qualifying film festival will take place from 3 to 7 April 2019, and presents the best recent European short films. This year special focus will be given to the Hungarian short film.
As a major festival in Europe, Go Short has established itself as an important meeting place for filmmakers and professionals. The festival offers talent the stage it deserves and opens doors to a wide audience and the international film world. The program with more than 300 films, an international competition, workshops, panels, talks and parties, pays special attention to film country Hungary this year.
Hungary has a rich film history and is known today as an innovative and acclaimed film country, with several international successes, including the recent Oscar-winning short film Mindenki by Kristóf Deák. With three programs, Go Short dives into the present and the past of the Hungarian film culture. With the support of the Embassy of Hungary in the Netherlands, many Hungarian filmmakers will be invited to present themselves to the public in short interviews.They are also given the opportunity to make new connections with Dutch and international film professionals.
Go Short – International Short Film Festival Nijmegen is the leading short film festival in the Netherlands. In five festival days, the best recent short films from Europe are screened and the Go Short Awards are presented.
Since 2017, Go Short is an official gateway to the Academy Awards and the BAFTA. Every year about 19,000 visitors come to the festival.
As we wrote before, after 27 years, a Hungarian movie and its director were awarded a Student Oscar by the Academy, thus becoming eligible to compete for the Oscars in 2018, read more HERE.
Also we wrote before, Sunset, László Nemes Jeles’s second feature film, will be Hungary’s contender for the 2019 Oscar for best foreign-language film, read more HERE.
A Hungarian film has been announced as one of the selected works at the 69th Cannes Film Festival, origo.hu reports. The animated short film called The Noise of Licking (orig. A…
As Index reports a Hungarian short film The Sound of Concrete (Betonzaj), directed by István Kovács, won the Grand Prix at the International Student Film Festival in Pisek, on Sunday. 60…
Budapest (MTI) - A screening of an early film made by Oscar-winning Hungarian-born Hollywood director Michael Curtiz (Mihaly Kertesz) in 1914 opened the first Hungarian Film Week in Budapest's Palace…
We like to think we know what it takes to create sensual, satisfying erotic experience. Our images and video come in HD and we only add the best produced content we can.
We at Showy Beauty take pride in our girls. Timid or foxy vixens, all of them are unique, loveable, and curvaceous as Aphrodite herself. Feel their radiating femininity!
Showy Beauty is about unique vision and femininity captured in a creative and sensual way. Watch us add only the most talented producers who share our wave length.
BOZEMAN, Mont. (AP) — Marcus Colbert scored 29 points and Zach Green added 23 as Montana State beat North Dakota 89-82 on Saturday in Big Sky Conference action.
Tyler Hall hit a 3 to give Montana State (14-16, 9-9) an 80-66 lead with 3:41 remaining before the Fighting Hawks began chipping away. Quinton Hooker followed with a 3, Geno Crandall added a dunk and Drick Bernstine made 1 of 2 free throws to cut the deficit to eight.
Colbert scored eight of the Bobcats' first 10 points, and Tyson Kanseyo's layup gave Montana State a 28-15 lead. Colbert continued his scoring attack and had 16 first-half points as the Bobcats led 39-30 at the break.
Increased maturity, a mother's inspiration and valuable life lessons have made Dexter Williams a reliable workhorse… t.co/7bzqo2UeW2
International Archaeology, LLC (IA) is accepting applications for the position of Archaeology Field Technician in the Honolulu office. This is a full-time temporary position that will last for approximately 1.5 months, beginning mid- late-November 2018. The term may be extended as company needs and individual performance warrant. The work will include monitoring on O‘ahu. A minimum of 2 years of archaeological experience is required; archaeological experience in Hawai‘i is preferred though not required. The position requires work experience and skills sufficient to independently recognize surface and subsurface archaeological remains, assess the type of work needed to appropriately perform field documentation of the remains, and to efficiently carry out such documentation, which includes maintaining organized and comprehensive written records (including soil descriptions), and preparing measured stratigraphic profiles. Applicants must have a B.A. or M.A. degree in anthropology with specialization in archaeology or a degree in a related field.
A valid driver’s license is required. Wage and benefits are commensurate with the position, experience of the applicant, and industry standards. Applicants should submit a letter of interest, a résumé, and the names, telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses of three references to <HonoluluOffice@iarii.org>. Consideration of applications will begin immediately. IA is an equal opportunity employer. A U.S. visa and work permit are required for non-U.S. citizens; these documents must be obtained at the applicant’s expense and without delay.
Pacific International Center for High Technology Research. (2) Regular, Full-Time, RCUH Non-Civil Service position with the Pacific International Center for High Technology Research (PICHTR), performing project tasks on land controlled by U.S. Army Garrison, Hawai‘i (USAG-HI) at Pohakuloa Training Area (PTA), located on the Island of Hawai‘i. Continuation of employment is dependent upon program/operational needs, satisfactory work performance, availability of funds, and compliance with applicable Federal/State laws.
DUTIES: Provides day-to-day support in implementing the Island of Hawai‘i Cultural Resource Program Scope of Work (SOW). Serves as PTA Cultural Resources Technician to perform assigned tasks to implement programs developed by the Cultural Resources Program Manager U.S. Army Hawai‘i (USARHAW). Works to support all fieldwork, including accompanying cultural accesses, monitoring, pedestrian survey, data collection and input, and coordination of assigned tasks/projects. Becomes familiar with installation plans, undertakings, and cultural studies and inventories. Works in areas with Unexploded Ordnance (UXO) with professional Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) supervision.
PRIMARY QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION/TRAINING: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited four (4) year college or university in Archaeology, Anthropology, Cultural Resources Management, or related field. EXPERIENCE: Field school or at least three (3) months of experience in archaeological fieldwork, ethnography, or similar experience. ABIL/KNOW/SKILLS: Knowledge of cultural history, preferably of Hawaiian and/or Pacific Islands. Ability to use compass, maps, and GPS. Computer literate in Microsoft Office applications, including Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Additional software knowledge includes familiarity with ArcGIS software or similar. Must possess a valid driver’s license (and if use of personal vehicle on the job is required, must also have valid personal driver’s insurance equivalent to Hawai‘i’s No-Fault Driver’s Insurance) and maintain throughout the duration of employment. Post Offer/Employment Condition: Must be able to pass a post offer criminal background check. Must be able to pass a DoD security check for employment as an Army contractor. Applicants selected will be subject to a Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to unclassified information. Must possess the American Red Cross Certification in First Aid/CPR (or be able to obtain and maintain the certificate following the training provided within three (3) months from date of hire) and maintain throughout duration of employment. Must complete online forty (40) hour Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response (HAZWOPER) training within two (2) weeks from date of hire or may be subject to termination. Must complete the online Hazard Communication training immediately after hire or no later than employee’s initial exposure to hazardous chemicals. Must complete UXO training within six (6) months from date of hire as job duties will require work in UXO areas. Must be able to complete basic helicopter safety course within twelve (12) months from date of hire. Must complete confined spaces training within three (3) weeks from date of hire and maintain throughout the duration of employment. Must complete 4-wheel drive and winch training within twelve (12) months from date of hire. PHYSICAL/MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS: Works under strenuous and extreme outdoor conditions. Able to hike up to ten (10) miles per day with backpack weighing up to forty (40) pounds unassisted, and camp in remote and rugged areas for periods of several days. Backpacking field trips of several hours are commonly required over rough terrain at elevations of 5,000 to 8,000 feet. POLICY AND/OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS: As a condition of employment, employee will be subject to all applicable RCUH policies and procedures and, as applicable, subject to University of Hawai‘i’s and/or business entity’s policies and procedures. Violation of RCUH’s, UH’s, or business entity’s policies and/or procedures or applicable State or Federal laws and/or regulations may lead to disciplinary action (including, but not limited to possible termination of employment, personal fines, civil and/or criminal penalties, etc.).
SECONDARY QUALIFICATIONS: Education and experience in the cultural and archaeological setting specific to Army lands on Hawai‘i islands. Experience in Hawai‘i and/or Pacific Islands archaeology. Experience with Geographic Information Systems (GIS) and GPS, in addition to advanced knowledge and experience with Microsoft Access database management. Experience performing a variety of cultural resources program tasks, particularly in a governmental agency setting.
APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: Please go to www.rcuh.com and click on “Job Postings.” You must submit the following documents online to be considered for the position: 1) Cover Letter, 2) Resume, 3) Supervisory References, 4) Copy of Degree(s)/Transcript(s)/Certificate(s). All online applications must be submitted/received by the closing date (11:59 P.M. Hawai‘i Standard Time/RCUH receipt time) as stated on the job posting. If you do not have access to our system and the closing date is imminent, you may send additional documents to rcuh_employment@rcuh.com. If you have questions on the application process and/or need assistance, please call (808)956-8344 or (808)956-0872.
RCUH’s mission is to support and enhance research, development and training in Hawai‘i, with a focus on the University of Hawai‘i.
Pacific International Center for High Technology Research. Regular, Full-Time, RCUH Non-Civil Service position with the Pacific International Center for High Technology Research (PICHTR), performing project tasks on land controlled by U.S. Army Garrison, Hawai‘i (USAG-HI) on the Island of Oahu. Continuation of employment is dependent upon program/operational needs, satisfactory work performance, availability of funds, and compliance with applicable Federal/State laws.
DUTIES: Provides day-to-day support in implementing the PICHTR Cultural Resources Management (CRM) Program Scope of Work (SOW). Serves as CRM Specialist to perform assigned tasks to implement programs developed by the Cultural Resources Manager U.S. Army Garrison, Hawai‘i. Works independently to support all fieldwork, including drafting plans and reports, accompanying cultural accesses, monitoring, pedestrian survey, implementing data recovery plans, conducting excavations, data collection and input, and coordination of assigned tasks/projects. Participates in public outreach activities. Becomes familiar with installation plans, undertakings, and cultural studies and inventories. Works in areas with Unexploded Ordnance (UXO) under professional Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) supervision.
PRIMARY QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION/TRAINING: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited four (4) year college or university in Archaeology, Anthropology, Cultural Resources Management, or related field. EXPERIENCE: At least three (3) years of experience in performing archaeological fieldwork, drafting archaeological plans, writing results of field or lab procedures, lab analysis, and data collection and input. Experience in archaeological fieldwork must include pedestrian survey, mapping, minor excavation, and testing. ABIL/KNOW/SKILLS: Knowledge of archaeological methods and theories. Knowledge of the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966, as amended and related regulations and laws. Knowledge of cultural history preferably of Hawaiian and/or Pacific Islands. Strong oral and written communication skills. Ability to use compass, maps and GPS. Computer literate in Microsoft Office applications, including Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Additional software knowledge includes familiarity with ArcView GIS software or similar. Must possess a valid driver’s license (and if use of personal vehicle on the job is required, must also have valid personal driver’s insurance equivalent to Hawai‘i’s No-Fault Driver’s Insurance) and maintain throughout the duration of employment. Must be able to drive a 4-wheel drive vehicle with automatic transmission. Post Offer/Employment Condition: Must be able to pass a post offer criminal background check. Must possess the American Red Cross Certification in First Aid/CPR (or be able to obtain the certificate following the training provided within three (3) months from date of hire) and maintain throughout duration of employment. Must be able to pass a DoD security check for employment as an Army contractor. Applicants selected will be subject to a Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to unclassified, but sensitive information. Must complete UXO training within six (6) months from date of hire as job duties will require work in UXO areas. Must complete online forty (40) hour Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response (HAZWOPER) training within two (2) weeks from date of hire or may be subject to termination. Must complete the online Hazard Communication training immediately after hire or no later than employee’s initial exposure to hazardous chemicals. Must be able to complete basic helicopter safety course (A-100) and sling-load (A-219) within twelve (12) months from date of hire. PHYSICAL/MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS: Works under strenuous and extreme outdoor conditions. Able to hike up to ten (10) miles per day with backpack weighing up to forty (40) pounds unassisted over rough terrain at elevations up to 4,000 feet. Post Offer/Employment Condition: Must pass a post-offer physical exam within two (2) weeks from date of hire or may be subject to termination. Subsequent periodic exams, at least annually, may be required by the employer. Respirator medical clearance and fitting is required. All reasonable accommodations will be made based on fitness for duty. Medical costs will be paid for by the employer. POLICY AND/OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS: As a condition of employment, employee will be subject to all applicable RCUH policies and procedures and, as applicable, subject to University of Hawai‘i’s and/or business entity’s policies and procedures. Violation of RCUH’s, UH’s, or business entity’s policies and/or procedures or applicable State or Federal laws and/or regulations may lead to disciplinary action (including, but not limited to possible termination of employment, personal fines, civil and/or criminal penalties, etc.).
SECONDARY QUALIFICATIONS: Education and experience in the cultural and archaeological setting specific to Army lands on Oahu and/or Hawai‘i Islands. Experience in Hawai‘i and/or Pacific Islands archaeology. Knowledge of Hawaiian and/or Pacific Islands archaeology and cultural history. Knowledge of Department of Defense cultural resources in general and the policy, organizational, and operational contexts within which they are managed. Knowledge of local, Federal, and State lands use and environmental laws. Familiarity with integrative techniques used to inventory, assess, and display cultural resource assets, environmental impacts, and their interrelationships. Advanced experience with GIS and GPS, in addition to advanced knowledge and experience with Microsoft Access database management. Experience performing a variety of cultural resources program tasks, particularly in a governmental agency setting. Experience coordinating and supervising archaeological laboratory analyses and operations.
Regular, Full-Time, RCUH Non-Civil Service position with the Pacific International Center for High Technology Research (PICHTR) performing programmatic and project tasks on land controlled by U.S. Army Garrison Hawaii (USAG-HI), Pohakuloa Training Area (PTA), on the Island of Hawai‘i.
DUTIES: Coordinates with Cultural Resources Program Manager (PTA), U.S. Army Garrison Hawai‘i, and programmatic staff to verify, maintain, and update cultural resource related geospatial data in compliance with U.S. Army requirements. Provides guidance and training to Cultural Resources staff on geospatial issues and tools. Familiarizes him/herself with installation plans, undertakings, and cultural studies and inventories.
PRIMARY QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION/TRAINING: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited four (4) year college or university in Geography, Computer Science, Anthropology, or related fields. EXPERIENCE: Three to five (3-5) years of demonstrated work experience in applying spatial data standards and maintaining metadata. ABIL/KNOW/SKILLS: Excellent working knowledge of GIS. Ability to use compass, maps, laser range finders, and Trimble GPS. Skilled in use of ESRI ArcGIS software, cartography, and data development and maintenance. Ability to teach less experienced staff about both the use of ESRI software and Trimble GPS equipment. Must possess a valid driver’s license (and if use of personal vehicle on the job is required, must also have valid personal driver’s insurance equivalent to Hawai‘i’s No-Fault Driver’s Insurance) and maintain throughout the duration of employment. Post Offer/Employment Conditions: Must be able to pass a DoD security check for employment as an Army contractor. Must possess the American Red Cross Certification in First Aid/CPR (or be able to obtain and maintain the certificate following the training provided within three (3) months from date of hire and maintain throughout duration of employment). PHYSICAL/MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS: Willing to work under strenuous and extreme outdoor conditions. Able to hike up to ten (10) miles per day with backpack weighing up to forty (40) pounds, and camp in remote and rugged areas for periods of several days. Hiking field trips of several hours may be required over rough terrain at higher elevations. POLICY AND/OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS: As a condition of employment, employee will be subject to all applicable RCUH policies and procedures and, as applicable, subject to University of Hawai‘i’s and/or business entity’s policies and procedures. Violation of RCUH’s, UH’s, or business entity’s policies and/or procedures or applicable State or Federal laws and/or regulations may lead to disciplinary action (including, but not limited to possible termination of employment, personal fines, civil and/or criminal penalties, etc.).
SECONDARY QUALIFICATIONS: Education and experience in the cultural and archaeological setting specific to U.S. Army lands and programs. Knowledge of and experience with DoD Cultural Resources in general and the policy, organizational, and operational contexts within which they are managed. Skill as a catalyst and motivator to elicit cooperation and compliance with actions from diverse individuals and groups. Knowledge of local, Federal, and State lands use and environmental laws. Familiarity with integrative techniques used to inventory, assess, and display cultural resource assets, environmental impacts, and their interrelationships. ESRI ArcView and DoD experience. Familiarity with SDSFIE and FGDC metadata standards as implemented by the U.S. Army Installation Geospatial Information & Services (IGI&S) program.
PHYSICAL/MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS: Willing to work under strenuous and extreme outdoor conditions. Able to hike up to ten (10) miles per day with backpack weighing up to forty (40) pounds, and camp in remote and rugged areas for periods of several days. Hiking field trips of several hours may be required over rough terrain at higher elevations.
Description: International Archaeology, LLC (IA), an equal opportunity employer, seeks a full-time Project Director for its Honolulu office. Project management and cultural resources management experience required. Pacific Islands archaeology experience preferred. Position involves conducting fieldwork with archaeology crews, report writing, overseeing laboratory analyses, and general project oversight. Graduate degree in anthropology or related field is required. Applicant should have computer skills (Microsoft and Adobe software), at least basic GPS/GIS proficiency, a good sense of organization, interpersonal skills, a strong determination to maintain project schedules, a willingness to work as part of a team, and problem-solving abilities. Project work primarily in Hawaii, though projects on Guam and other Micronesian islands or Japan are possible. Position available immediately. Non-U.S. citizens should have a work permit in hand due to the time constraints. Salary and benefits commensurate with position and experience of applicant, and industry standards. Please submit a letter of interest and résumé (including three references) to HonoluluOffice@iarii.org Attn: Rona Ikehara-Quebral.
Pacific Legacy, Inc., a Cultural Resources Management firm, is accepting resumes for Archaeological Technicians for a variety of projects throughout Hawai‘i. Candidates must have a Bachelor’s degree or higher in Anthropology or related field, and one year of fieldwork experience in Hawai‘i.
• Provide support for field Supervisors in connection with evaluating cultural resource sites, site recording, providing accurate field notes and knowledge of digital photography.
• Demonstrate ability to use topographic maps, aerial photographs. The ability to operate GPS is a plus.
• Ability to stand or kneel for long periods of time, carry up to 30 lbs of gear and hike in rugged terrain.
Please provide a cover letter outlining your qualifications, and a current CV including references to schell@pacificlegacy.com or to the mailing address below. Pacific Legacy is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Pacific Legacy, Inc. is a Cultural Resources Management firm dedicated to providing quality archaeological and cultural resource management services. We help our clients navigate through the regulatory compliance processes and provide an integrated historic preservation program to assist in overall planning — from design to mitigation. Pacific Legacy has an immediate opening in our Kailua, O‘ahu (Hawai‘i) office for an Archaeological Supervisor.
Masters or PhD in Anthropology/Archaeology/CRM, preferably with a focus on the prehistoric or historical archaeology of the Pacific;
Demonstrable knowledge of federal, state and local laws, ordinances, and regulations applicable to cultural resources (e.g., Section 106, National Environmental Policy Act, Archaeological Resources Protection Act, Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act, HRS Chapter 6E;
Work in remote areas with rough terrain and changing weather conditions for extended field sessions that may involve camping.
Compensation: Salary determined based on experience. Pacific Legacy offers excellent employment benefits.
Please send a cover letter outlining your experience and a current resume with references to schell@pacificlegacy.com or to the mailing address below. Pacific Legacy is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Pacific International Center for High Technology Research. Regular, Full-Time, RCUH Non-Civil Service position with the Pacific International Center for High Technology Research (PICHTR), performing project tasks on land controlled by the U.S. Army Garrison, Hawai‘i (USAG-HI), Directorate of Public Works (DPW), Environmental Office, Cultural Resources Section, located at Schofield Barracks on the island of Oahu. Continuation of employment is dependent upon program/operational needs, satisfactory work performance, availability of funds, and compliance with applicable Federal/State law.
DUTIES: Initiates, plans, and supports the development and implementation of a comprehensive cultural resources outreach program for USAG-HI, which includes briefing military and non-military personnel on cultural resources and historic preservation. Develops a variety of outreach presentation materials. Creates signage for USAG-HI historic properties and develops and implements educational tours of historical and cultural sites. Drafts articles for military publications and other publications. Provides frequent written reports and progress updates to the PICHTR CRM Program Manager, including outreach summaries for annual reports. Communicates with staff to identify outreach opportunities and to ensure compliance with Federal, State, and Army laws and regulations governing historic/cultural resources. Assists Army Cultural Resources staff with field and lab projects, including reconnaissance field inspections, limited surveys, relocating known archaeological sites to confirm location and condition, and surveying and documenting historic buildings. Works in areas with Unexploded Ordnance (UXO) with professional Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) supervision.
EXPERIENCE: One to three (1-3) years of experience working in Anthropology or Archaeological/Cultural Resources Management. At least one (1) year of experience in education and public outreach.
ABIL/KNOW/SKILLS: Knowledge of Hawaiian history. Knowledge of issues related to cultural resources management in Hawai‘i, including but not limited to archaeology, historic buildings, and artifacts. Working knowledge of word processing and desktop publishing software including PowerPoint, Excel, Photoshop, and Publisher, or comparable software. Basic knowledge of the Historic Preservation Act and Section 106. Working knowledge of camera operation and image management. Strong oral and written communication skills. Strong archival and literary research skills. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to develop and maintain effective relationships. Ability to work effectively as part of a team. Ability to initiate, plan, coordinate, and implement briefings for military and non-military personnel working on USAG-HI training ranges. Demonstrated ability and willingness to make frequent, effective oral and written presentations, including technical writing. Ability to meet changing priorities and/or responsibilities and complete assignments on a timely basis. Must possess a valid driver’s license (and if use of personal vehicle on the job is required, must also have valid personal driver’s insurance equivalent to Hawai‘i’s No-Fault Driver’s Insurance) and maintain throughout the duration of employment. Post Offer/Employment Conditions: Must be able to pass a post offer criminal background check. Must be able to pass a Department of Defense (DoD) security check for employment as an Army contractor. Applicants selected will be subject to a Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to unclassified information. Must possess the American Red Cross Certification in First Aid/CPR (or be able to obtain and maintain the certificate following the training provided within three (3) months from date of hire) and maintain throughout duration of employment. Must complete online forty (40) hour Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response (HAZWOPER) training within two (2) weeks from date of hire or may be subject to termination. Must complete the online Hazard Communication training immediately after hire or no later than employee’s initial exposure to hazardous chemicals. Must complete UXO training within six (6) months from date of hire, as job duties will require work in UXO areas, and maintain throughout duration of employment.
PHYSICAL/MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS: Able and willing to work under strenuous and extreme outdoor conditions. Able to hike up to ten (10) miles per day with a backpack weighing up to forty (40) pounds. Post Offer/Employment Conditions: Must be able to pass a post-offer physical exam within two (2) weeks from date of hire or may be subject to termination. Subsequent periodic exams, at least annually, may be required by the employer. Respirator medical clearance and fitting is required. All reasonable accommodations will be made based on fitness for duty. Medical costs will be paid for by the employer.
POLICY AND/OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS: As a condition of employment, employee will be subject to all applicable RCUH policies and procedures and, as applicable, subject to University of Hawai‘i’s and/or business entity’s policies and procedures. Violation of RCUH’s, UH’s, or business entity’s policies and/or procedures or applicable State or Federal laws and/or regulations may lead to disciplinary action (including, but not limited to possible termination of employment, personal fines, civil and/or criminal penalties, etc.).
SECONDARY QUALIFICATIONS: Education and experience in the cultural and historical setting specific to Army lands on Oahu and/or Hawai‘i islands. Knowledge of Department of Defense cultural resources in general and the policy, organizational, and operational contexts within which they are managed. Skill as a catalyst and motivator to elicit cooperation from and collaboration with diverse individuals and groups. Advanced knowledge of local, Federal, and State land use and environmental laws. Experience coordinating a variety of cultural resources program tasks, particularly in a governmental agency setting. Experience with Adobe Creative Suite or other design software. Experience working independently to accomplish a major project. Experience working on resource conservation projects in Hawai‘i.
APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: Please go to www.rcuh.com and click on “Job Postings.” Search ID# 18271. You must submit the following documents online to be considered for the position: 1) Cover Letter, 2) Resume, 3) Salary History, 4) Supervisory References, 5) Copy of Degree(s)/Transcript(s)/Certificate(s). All online applications must be submitted/received by the closing date (11:59 P.M. Hawai‘i Standard Time/RCUH receipt time) as stated on the job posting. If you do not have access to our system and the closing date is imminent, you may send additional documents to rcuh_employment@rcuh.com. If you have questions on the application process and/or need assistance, please call (808) 956-8344 or (808) 956-0872.
CULTURAL RESOURCE SPECIALIST – ID# 18272. Pacific International Center for High Technology Research. (2) Regular, Full-Time, RCUH Non-Civil Service position with the Pacific International Center for High Technology Research (PICHTR), performing project tasks on land controlled by U.S. Army Garrison, Hawai‘i (USAG-HI) at Pohakuloa Training Area (PTA) on the Island of Hawai‘i. Continuation of employment is dependent upon program/operational needs, satisfactory work performance, availability of funds, and compliance with applicable Federal/State laws.
DUTIES: Provides day-to-day support in implementing the Island of Hawai‘i Cultural Resource Program Scope of Work (SOW). Performs assigned tasks to implement programs developed by the Cultural Resources Program Manager US Army Hawai‘i (USAG-HI). Works independently to support all fieldwork, including accompanying cultural accesses, monitoring, pedestrian survey, excavation, data collection and input, and coordination of assigned tasks/projects. Becomes familiar with installation plans, undertakings, and cultural studies and inventories. Works in areas with Unexploded Ordnance (UXO) with professional Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) supervision.
EXPERIENCE: One to three (1-3) years of experience in performing archaeological fieldwork, including pedestrian survey, mapping, excavation and testing, and technical report writing.
ABIL/KNOW/SKILLS: Knowledge of archaeological methods. Ability to use compass, maps and GPS. Computer literate in Microsoft Office applications, including Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Must possess a valid driver’s license (and if use of personal vehicle on the job is required, must also have valid personal driver’s insurance equivalent to Hawai‘i’s No-Fault Driver’s Insurance) and maintain throughout the duration of employment. Additional software knowledge includes familiarity with ArcGIS software or similar and Adobe Illustrator. Post Offer/Employment Conditions: Must be able to pass a DoD security check for employment as an Army contractor. Applicants selected will be subject to a Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to unclassified information. Must possess the American Red Cross Certification in First Aid/CPR (or be able to obtain and maintain the certificate following the training provided within three (3) months from date of hire and maintain throughout duration of employment). Must complete online forty (40) hour Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response (HAZWOPER) training within two (2) weeks from date of hire or may be subject to termination. Must complete the online Hazard Communication training immediately after hire or no later than employee’s initial exposure to hazardous chemicals. Must complete UXO training within two (2) weeks from date of hire (as job duties will require work in UXO areas) and maintain throughout duration of employment. Must complete confined spaces training within three (3) weeks from date of hire and maintain throughout employment. Must complete 4-wheel drive and winch training before performing duties. If selected for additional duties, such as use of helicopters must be certified and be approved by PCSU/RCUH prior to activity. Must be able to complete basic helicopter safety course within twelve (12) months from date of hire.
PHYSICAL/MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS: Works under strenuous and extreme outdoor conditions. Able to hike up to ten (10) miles per day with backpack weighing up to forty (40) pounds unassisted, and camp in remote and rugged areas for periods of several days. Post Offer/Employment Conditions: Must pass a post-offer physical exam within two (2) weeks from date of hire or may be subject to termination. Subsequent periodic exams, at least annually, may be required by the employer. Respirator medical clearance and fitting is required. All reasonable accommodations will be made based on fitness for duty. Medical costs will be paid for by the employer.
SECONDARY QUALIFICATIONS: Education and experience in the cultural and archaeological setting specific to Army lands on Hawai‘i islands. Experience in Hawai‘i and/or Pacific Islands archaeology. Knowledge of Hawaiian and/or Pacific Islands archaeology and cultural history. Knowledge of the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966, as amended, and related regulations and laws. Knowledge of Department of Defense cultural resources in general and the policy, organizational, and operational contexts within which they are managed. Knowledge of local, Federal, and State lands use and environmental laws. Familiarity with integrative techniques used to inventory, assess, and display cultural resource assets, environmental impacts, and their interrelationships. Experience performing a variety of cultural resources program tasks, particularly in a governmental agency setting.
APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: Please go to www.rcuh.com and click on “Job Postings.” You must submit the following documents online to be considered for the position: 1) Cover Letter, 2) Resume, 3) Salary History, 4) Supervisory References, 5) Copy of Degree(s)/Transcript(s)/Certificate(s). All online applications must be submitted/received by the closing date (11:59 P.M. Hawai‘i Standard Time/RCUH receipt time) as stated on the job posting. If you do not have access to our system and the closing date is imminent, you may send additional documents to rcuh_employment@rcuh.com. If you have questions on the application process and/or need assistance, please call (808)956-8344 or (808)956-0872.
Last week we’ve seen one of Solo’s most highly-tuned sports car: the GReddy-boosted GT86. Today I’m bringing you another HnP-certified find from the city. It’s a top-of the line 335i with a tasty list of modifications, which will surely entice all performance-sedan enthusiasts. I like to eat. One of my favourite foods are dim sums. They are pretty amazing, considering …
28 February 2015. A day for MINI owners to celebrate their Indo MINI Club’s third birthday. Plaza Senayan became the witness to the outstandingly lively event that day, as its parking space was the meeting point for all members to gather in the morning. Followed by a city cruise later towards the noon, aplenty of these eccentric MINI’s carried their …
Let me begin this post with an honest statement: I really do think that the Neo-Hachi Roku’s (new 86’s) are amongst the most versatile cars money can buy. No, I’m not talking about how you could drive your entire family comfortably in it, nor about your cross-country trips across the mainland. I’m talking about how seemingly endless the tuning possibilities …
Undoubtedly hard to get off the heat; the urge to add more and more quality parts into the project cars we have. New products arrive every once in a while, and people elsewhere are pushing boundaries with their latest and better setups. Inspiring us even more. It’s a race for an evolution; our impulse to implement better and superior products …
Having a supercar sitting in your garage awaiting its Sunday drive is a pleasure in its own. A piece of sculpture soothing your stresses during the weekdays, an exhilarating medicine fulfilling your automotive addictions during Sunday runs. Today’s Supercar Sunday wallpaper, however, features not one, but four of the most praised supercars money can buy at the moment. Showcasing a …
A while back BMW introduced their M Performance lineup of cars. A pre-M, fun-to-drive, dynamically interesting mix of performance and functionality traits. In short, a very, very irresistible delicacy for the common enthusiasts. One of their greatest offerings at the time being is this M235i we are featuring today. Compact, very capable and stylishly exciting, this is the high points …
We all know too well how the hustles of a city look and feel like – congestions, traffic jams, and fully-packed parking lots; causing headaches for many car-commuters alike. Public transportations seemed like the answer, unfortunately it still have its flaws, namely in punctuality, security, safety, and overcapacity problems. Say that you want the comforts and all-weather protection of a …
Building a project car; it’s the automotive enthusiasts’ equivalence to chefs’ experimentation with new dishes. Coming up with creative ideas and never-seen-before fusions as an attempt to create memorable after-tastes. While some might prefer to go by the book of what’s been tried-and-true, others voyaged to the deep seas in search of treasures waiting to be unraveled. Meet today’s astonishing …
Download e-book for kindle: American constitutional law : essays, cases, and comparative by Donald P. Kommers, John E. Finn
AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONAL legislation provides a finished examine the improvement of yankee constitutional legislation from its early, seminal very best lawsuits (Marbury v. Madison) to the current. the excellent ebook is equipped normally, starting with governmental powers and concluding with civil rights and civil liberties. AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONAL legislations, quantity II, covers Chapters 8-14 of the excellent textual content facing civil rights and civil liberties.
Emphasizes the function background and historic narratives play in constitutional adjudication. Uitz provocatively attracts awareness to the often-tense courting among the structure and old priority highlighting the interpretive and normative nature of the legislation. Her paintings seeks to appreciate the stipulations less than which references to the prior, background and traditions are beautiful to legal professionals, even if they've got the potential for perpetuating indeterminacy in constitutional reasoning.
During this daring and well timed paintings, legislations professor Jeffrey Shulman argues that the U.S. structure doesn't defend a primary correct to father or mother. in keeping with a rigorous reconsideration of the old list, Shulman demanding situations the concept, held by way of teachers and most people alike, that parental rights have a long-standing felony pedigree.
As constitutional legislations globalizes, the hunt for a typical grammar or 'generic constitutional legislations' turns into extra urgent. Proportionality is likely one of the so much widespread and arguable elements of the trendy, worldwide constitutional discourse. In view of the alarming rigidity among the positive luck of proportionality and the severity of the feedback directed in the direction of it, this e-book deals an in-depth research of the critics of proportionality and demonstrates that their objections opposed to the proportionality try out usually are not convincing.
The Abject of Desire: The Aestheticization of the Unaesthetic in Contemporary Literature and Culture. (Genus: Gender in Modern Culture)
The circuit courts hear appeals from the United States District Courts and from federal agencies. Usually a three-judge panel hears cases and decides them by majority vote. On rare occasions, when an issue is especially difficult or contentious, the entire roster of judges on a circuit court may choose to hear a case en banc. The circuit courts hear about 60,000 cases every year. The United States District Courts are the entry level to the federal court system. The district courts are trial courts: One judge hears criminal and civil cases, sometimes with a jury.
As mentioned earlier, in the United States, there is always room for question about whether any particular decision is inter partes or erga omnes. In some other constitutions, the text plainly indicates whether a decision binds the parties alone. The decisions of the Federal Constitutional Court of the German Republic bind erga omnes, as do the decisions of the Austrian Supreme Court and the Italian Constitutional Court. The Canadian Charter provides that most decisions of the Supreme Court may in certain cases be overridden by the national legislature and sometimes by provincial legislatures.
S. Court of Appeals, and when a state or federal court has decided a question of federal law that the Supreme Court has not yet settled or has settled differently. In each of these instances, the Court’s position at the top of the judicial hierarchy allows it to settle conflicts among lower courts and to ensure some measure of uniformity in the interpretation and application of the law. These rules indicate when the Supreme Court has jurisdiction over a case. Whether the Court will choose to hear a case, though, is not only a function of jurisdiction.
American constitutional law : essays, cases, and comparative notes [V. 2] by Donald P. Kommers, John E. Finn
printable worksheets for toddlers rounding 3rd grade 6th social studies the best image collection,printable worksheets for first grade writing wondering whats on the test this nice chart has answers handwriting toddlers 2nd grammar,printable vocabulary worksheets for 6th grade toddlers free 3rd math cozy president social studies,social studies worksheets the best image collection printable for toddlers free 3rd grade middle school,printable worksheets for 4th grade reading math practice kindergarten shapes,printable grammar worksheets for 6th grade study guide social studies online user manual o free kids science division 3rd,printable worksheets for 1st grade reading math practice test best of enchanting general toddlers age 4,math practice and worksheet sample printable worksheets for 2nd grade reading comprehension grammar 6th,printable worksheets for 6th grade pocket prep on the app store kindergarten math 1st sight words,math practice test fresh free worksheets library download printable for 1st grade first writing 3rd multiplication.
I am Pat Elliott, RN, Licensed and Nationally Certified Massage Therapist. I hope to meet all of you and provide you the best massage ever!
As well as being a Massage Therapist, I am a Registered Nurse so I have additional education and life experience to benefit your needs. I am now a Certified Medical Massage Practitioner.
My rates are comparable and right now I am offering great rates on specials and individualized treatments. See you soon.
Social Security Disability Insurance is a federal form of insurance (funded through payroll taxes) that is designed to protect people who become disabled and can no longer work. Getting Social Security Disability benefits, however, is often a complex and bureaucratic process. It is common for a person’s claim to be denied multiple times before being approved for benefits.
The Law Offices of Goodchild and Duffy, PLC, can help you by assisting with the reapplication process. We will then fight to ensure that your claim is approved and that you receive the greatest benefits possible. If you have become disabled, and you are no longer able to work, then you may qualify for Social Security Disability benefits.
There are many factors, however, that affect your eligibility. For example, your disability must be expected to last more than a year, and you must have paid Social Security taxes for roughly five out of the last ten years. Also, if you are under the age of 31, a different set of requirements will apply. The actual Social Security Disability benefits that you receive will depend on your age and earnings history. Applying for Social Security Disability benefits can be a difficult, bureaucratic, and discouraging process. Even when a person clearly qualifies for benefits, his or her application may be rejected multiple times.
The Law Offices of Goodchild and Duffy, PLC, can help you by offering guidance with the complex reapplication process. Using our extensive knowledge of the law and the Social Security Administration, we will ensure that your claim is approved and that you get the greatest benefits possible.
If you have become disabled, and can no longer work, we are to help you. Please call to arrange a free consultation.
This web site is for informational purposes only. If you are seeking legal advice or representation, please contact our firm at 818-380-1600. Pursuant to Labor Code Section 5432(a), making a false or fraudulent workers' compensation claim is a felony subject to up to 5 years in prison or a fine of up to $50,000 or double the value of the fraud, whichever is greater, or by both imprisonment and fine.
Privacy Policy Goodman & Griffin and its affiliates are committed to the proper management of the personal information of clients and others, and of all visitors to our website (the Site) that we collect, use and disclose in the course of business.
In providing legal advice to clients, we have a professional obligation to maintain the confidentiality of information that we receive within a lawyerBBclient relationship. The practices set out in this privacy policy (the “Policy”) seek to balance the individual’s right to the privacy of his or her personal information and Goodman & Griffin need to collect, use or disclose personal information for legitimate business purposes in Canada.
Controlling the collection, use and disclosure of personal information is an ongoing process. We will continue to review our personal information management practices and improve them as necessary to better protect the privacy of individuals.
The purpose for collecting personal information is identified at or before the time it is collected.
We obtain your consent before collecting, using or disclosing your personal information, except where otherwise permitted or required by law.
The personal information we collect is only used, disclosed or retained for its original intended purpose (unless you provide your consent to a different use or disclosure) and we retain it only as long as necessary for those purposes.
We are open with you about our policies and practices related to managing your personal information.
Upon request, we provide you with access to your personal information, subject to any limitations imposed by law.
We address your concerns. If you have questions or concerns regarding your privacy or this Policy please contact us.
Personal information means any information about or that can be used to identify you as an individual, including information in your résumé or about your employment, the matter about which you retained or contacted Goodman & Griffin, your account with us and any other information that you choose to provide to Goodman & Griffin. In most circumstances, personal information does not include most information that might appear on a business card or information that is available in public records, nor does it include corporate information such as your business address or telephone number in your capacity as an employee of an organization.
By providing us with your personal information, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information as described in this Policy.
We will not, as a condition of supplying a product or service, require you to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information beyond that required to enable us to provide the products or services requested. The form of the consent that we will seek before collecting, using or disclosing personal information may vary depending upon the circumstances and the type of information, and includes express oral or written consent, implied consent and opt-out consent. We will consider the sensitivity of the information and the individuals reasonable expectations in determining how consent must be given.
You may refuse to give personal information and may, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, withdraw consent at any time to the continued use and disclosure of personal information previously collected. The period of reasonable notice will vary depending on the nature of the information and its purpose to Goodman & Griffin. Goodman & Griffin will inform you of the implications of refusing or withdrawing consent, which may have legal consequences or preclude Goodman & Griffin from providing legal or other services.
We will not collect personal information indiscriminately. We will limit the amount and the type of information we collect to that necessary to fulfill the purposes we have identified to you, or as otherwise permitted or required by law. We may also collect information about your business and business interests or your personal interests to better serve you and foster our relationship.
to offer and provide legal services to you and to communicate with you about our firm and our services;
When possible, we will collect personal information from you directly. However, to provide legal services to clients or for legal, administrative, marketing or management purposes, we may also collect personal information through outside sources such as credit bureaus, government agencies or institutions or through other third parties such as employment and other references, employers and service providers.
Certain other information may be collected on the Site through various technologies, described below, without your actively providing the information.
Our website is hosted on servers shared with an Internet service provider (ISP). Any personal information collected on our behalf by the ISP, such as server log data (see below), is managed in accordance with this Policy and is protected by applicable law.
Certain information about Internet users traffic patterns is passively and automatically collected and linked to users Internet Protocol (AAIP@@) addresses. These unique IP addresses are assigned to all Web users by their ISPs, and are automatically logged by Internet servers. While the IP address itself does not identify an individual, it may, in appropriate circumstances such as an investigation of a security breach, be used with the cooperation of the ISP to locate and identify an individual using the website.
In the normal course of establishing and maintaining Internet connections, our servers automatically log information about visits to our website. Server logs record statistical information, such as a visitor’s IP address and type of operating system, the time and duration of visit and Web pages requested. The server logs also identify categories of visitors by items such as domain and browser type. These statistics are reported in aggregate form to us and are used to improve our website and ensure that it provides the optimal online experience for visitors. We do not link server log information to any other data in a way that would enable us to identify individual visitors, except for security purposes, as discussed above.
Like many other websites, our Site makes use of “per session” cookie technology. Per session cookies are small text files that contain a unique identification number that is automatically deposited on a visitor’s computer. These cookies track information during an open session and are stored only temporarily in your computer’s memory. This information helps us determine the total number of visitors to the Site on an ongoing basis and the types of Internet browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) and operating systems (e.g., Windows or Macintosh) that our visitors use. We use this information to facilitate and enhance your online visits. We do not cross-reference this information with any type of personal information that is voluntarily offered through the Site.
The use of cookie technology is common on the Internet, and many Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies automatically. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your Internet browser to notify you when your computer is receiving a cookie or to refuse cookies automatically. To readjust your Internet browsers cookie options, please refer to the instruction documentation of your particular browser or seek online assistance.
We use personal information only as described in this Policy or as otherwise permitted or required by law. Before your personal information is used or disclosed for a new purpose, we will ask for your consent unless use or disclosure without your consent in the circumstances is otherwise permitted or required by law.
Goodman & Griffin generally uses personal information about clients for the provision of legal advice, including obtaining and carrying out client instructions, reporting and communicating with clients, billing and accounting, and protecting against fraud, illegal activities or error. Goodman & Griffin may also use your personal information to send you newsletters about our services or about legal developments that we think would interest you. To establish or enhance our relationship, we may invite you to client functions, seminars and sporting or cultural events.
We regularly distribute client memos, practice group bulletins, articles and other legal updates and publications to people on our mailing lists, who can elect to receive materials on one or more subject matters. At any time, you may change your preferences and mailing option (regular mail or email), or unsubscribe from our mailing lists.
If you send personal information through our Site, we will use it to assess website use and traffic, and to respond to your feedback, questions and comments.
We disclose personal information only as described in this Policy or as otherwise permitted or required by law. To provide legal services, we may sometimes disclose our clients personal information to Goodman & Griffin affiliates and to third parties, including foreign agents and government or regulatory agencies. We may disclose personal information
to third parties when it is necessary to do so to provide legal services to you BB for example, when we engage an expert or consultant on your behalf in a matter or when we retain another law firm or agent to act or assist us on your behalf;
to service providers, inside or outside Canada, retained by Goodman & Griffin to assist us with marketing or other services, including technical support and mailing. We limit the service provider’s right to use the personal information only for the services it provides to us, and we require the service provider to maintain the confidentiality of the personal information and to take steps to protect the security of the personal information we give it where you have instructed us to disclose your personal information to a third party for a designated purpose;
to third parties to assist us in evaluating your creditworthiness or to collect debts outstanding on an account;
to our insurers and to regulatory agencies in connection with regulatory or other activities relating to the obligations of Goodman & Griffin and its professional responsibilities in relation to the practice of law; and
to third party or parties, where you consent or where such disclosure is required or permitted by law.
Your personal information may be accessed or stored in Canada or another jurisdiction, and will be subject to the laws of that jurisdiction.
Goodman & Griffin will retain information, including personal information, for as long as it is needed for the purposes for which it was collected. For example, if you send us personal information electronically to apply for employment with Goodman & Griffin, we will retain your personal information for a reasonable period to permit future consideration for employment. Goodman & Griffin may also be subject to legislative requirements regarding the retention of certain types of information.
You can ask to view your personal information by writing to the Privacy Compliance Officer, whose address and link are provided at the end of this Policy. You can request that corrections be made where you can show that the information we possess is inaccurate. Please note that under certain circumstances, you may not be permitted to view your records -for example, where the disclosure of your records would cause security, legal or confidentiality concerns.
We use the standard safeguards of the legal profession to protect the security of personal information in our possession, including physical, organizational and technological measures.
The Site may contain links to other websites. While we try to link only to websites that share our standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. We strongly encourage all Site visitors to review the privacy statements and policies of all external websites.
We may amend this Policy at any time. We will post the Policy as amended on our website and will take reasonable steps to inform you of any amendments. We will obtain the necessary consents required under applicable privacy laws if we seek to collect, use or disclose your personal information for purposes other than those to which consent has been obtained unless otherwise required or permitted by law.
Please contact Goodman & Griffin’s Privacy Compliance Officer with any questions or concerns you have about this Policy or Goodman & Griffin’s handling of your personal information. We will investigate and respond to your concerns.
As Certified Real Estate Specialists with over 30 years of practice in Mississauga, Goodman & Griffin is one of the Greater Toronto Area's most experienced law firms.
Melbourne was the epicenter of pride today as Australia became the newest country to approve gay marriage. With a 61% approval in a nationwide vote the public demanded equality and now Parliament will make it happen.
“They voted ‘yes’ for fairness, they voted ‘yes’ for commitment, they voted ‘yes’ for love. And now it is up to us here in the Parliament of Australia to get on with it,” said Australia Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
A “yes” rally in Sydney, Australia, in September. Polls had consistently indicated that Australians favor legalizing same-sex marriage. Credit Saeed Khan/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
Hi there! We’re Kit and John. We’ve been together for 10 years and tied the knot last year in Joshua Tree. We live in Silver Lake with our cat Albee, and produce an Emmy-nominated gay web series called EastSiders which you can watch on Netflix. We started this blog to document our adventures as newlyweds, and provide a platform for other queer writers. We love travel, design, fashion and staying healthy. We are also planning on exploring the Golden State this Summer in our newly renovated 1963 Shasta camper trailer. Come along on the adventure by following us on our Instagrams below!
The internationally renowned, clinically tested, revolutionary diet program to lose weight, fight disease, and live a longer, healthier life.
Can what you eat determine how long, and how well, you live? The clinically proven answer is yes, and The Longevity Diet is easier to follow than you’d think. The culmination of 25 years of research on aging, nutrition, and disease across the globe, this unique program lays out a simple solution to living to a healthy old age through nutrition. The key is combining the healthy everyday eating plan the book outlines, with the scientifically engineered fasting-mimicking diet, or FMD; the FMD, done just 3-4 times a year, does away with the misery and starvation most of us experience while fasting, allowing you to reap all the beneficial health effects of a restrictive diet, while avoiding negative stressors, like low energy and sleeplessness. Valter Longo, director of the Longevity Institute at USC and the Program on Longevity and Cancer at IFOM in Milan, designed the FMD after making a series of remarkable discoveries in mice, then in humans, indicating that specific diets can activate stem cells and promote regeneration and rejuvenation in multiple organs to significantly reduce risk for diabetes, cancer, Alzheimer’s, and heart disease. Longo’s simple pescatarian daily eating plan and the periodic fasting-mimicking techniques can both yield impressive results. Low in proteins and sugars and rich in healthy fats and plant-based foods, The Longevity Diet is proven to help you:
Longo’s healthy, life span-extending program is based on an easy-to-adopt pescatarian plan along with the fasting-mimicking diet no more than 4 times a year, just 5 days at a time. Including 30 easy recipes for an everyday diet based on Longo’s five pillars of longevity, The Longevity Diet is the key to living a longer, healthier, more fulfilled life.
Ads can be a pain, but they are our only way to maintain the server. Your patience is highly appreciated and we hope our service can be worth it.
Archives Select Month August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015
I find it funny how alot of people who are voting act like Hillary and Trump have talked about their policies. When really they haven't said shit.
This blog is an account of the pursuit of a dream, to sail around the world. It is named after the sailboat that will fulfill that dream one day, Whispering Jesse. If you share the dream, please join me and we'll take the journey together.
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." --Henry David Thoreau
Yesterday afternoon I had my first book signing for Raising Charlie at our local Borders bookstore. It was a surprising success. The ads I had been running in the local paper must have worked because there were people waiting for me before my scheduled time. Most of them were dog lovers, or they wanted to buy the book as a gift for friends or family who are dog lovers. Many had a story to tell about a cherished dog, either living or dead, and some became tearful while telling their stories. It was heartwarming to know that other dog lovers share the same bond of love and affection with their dogs that I shared with Charlie.
The folks at Borders were nice enough to let me bring Scout into the store, and he was well behaved thanks to Nan, accepting all the attention with good grace. People asked if he was Charlie, and I needed to explain that he was the dog that Nan gave me to fill the emotional void that was left when Charlie died. You can barely see Scout in the photo. He's in the lower left corner, wearing a dog-bone bandana.
There are three more book signings scheduled between now and Christmas. On Wednesday, I will be at Aspen Valley Hospital's Annual Holiday Bazaar from 2 to 6 PM. On Saturday, I will be at the Aspen Animal Shelter from 1 to 3 PM. And on Saturday, December 5, I will be at the local Barnes & Noble for their Colorado Authors Celebration from 2 to 4 PM. Stop by and say hi!
Before I forget, I want to express my gratitude to the friends and neighbors who took the time to come out and support me. Thank you!
Here's another interesting programming trick I discovered at work recently that I was unable to find a solution to anywhere on the Internet:
Everyone knows that what makes the Internet the Internet is that everything is interconnected through links. Typically, these links connect to webpages with Internet-friendly file extensions, like ".htm" or ".html". One of these links would look like this: http://www.raisingcharlie.com/index.htm. But it is also possible to link to files that are not typically found on the Internet, like Microsoft Word (.doc) and Microsoft Excel (.xls) documents. This is done in the same way: http://www.raisingcharlie.com/docs/press_release.doc. The difference is that this link will bring up a dialog box asking if the user wants to Open or Save the document. Choosing to open the document will open a read-only version of the document. Choosing to save the document will open a Save As dialog, with the usual options for filename and location.
But what if the document in question is a collaborative one that the programmer wishes users to be able to update directly? How does he get around the read-only restriction of a standard link? The answer is to use a Universal Naming Convention (UNC) path instead of a Uniform Resource Locator (URL) path in the link. In HTML, a link of this type would look something like this:
Note the backslashes and the use of the entire path to the file, starting with the server name or IP address. The only other trick to making this link work is that the "docs" directory must be set up with public "write" rights, so the programmer would want to be careful about what files were shared in this way.
Nan and I were in Denver for the Pinback concert at the Ogden Theatre on Friday night. If you're not familiar, Pinback is a San Diego based band fronted by Rob Crow and Zach Smith. Their music is unlike anything else I've heard, a catchy multi-layered mix of guitar, bass and keyboard melodies that are constantly trading leads. The tempo is usually extremely fast, driven by Zach's amazing bass playing, which reminds me of Peter Hook from New Order. Zach and guitarist Rob both sing, sometimes exchanging leads and sometimes harmonizing.
Pinback is another band that was introduced to me by my friend, Dave Beckwith. He included "Boo", a track off their 2001 album, "Blue Screen Life", in a mix CD he gave me in 2004. The song was so compelling, to use Dave's expression, that I soon bought the CD and then every other CD I could find by the band. If you're looking for a new sound, try "Blue Screen Life". You'll be glad you did.
Back to our concert evening. Nan and I took a taxi from our downtown hotel to the City Grille on Colfax for dinner. They have great cheap food and they're only a few blocks from both the Ogden and the Fillmore. We ate there a couple of years ago before the Snow Patrol concert at the Fillmore and were eager to go back. All the booths were taken, so we ate at the bar while being entertained by Suzy, one of the sassiest bartenders we've ever met. At one point, a big guy walked past us with long hair, a huge beard and a black t-shirt showing the human skeleton from neck to pelvis on the front and back. I thought he looked like the version of Rob Crow I had seen in Pinback's video of "From Nothing to Nowhere", off their new album, "Autumn of the Seraphs". But I didn't say anything to Nan until we got to the Ogden and the same guy came out before the show and invited audience members up on stage to sing karaoke with him. So it was indeed Rob Crow. Now I wish I had said something to him at the restaurant.
After the karaoke ended, the opening act, Joe Jack Talcum, took the stage. It was just Joe and his acoustic guitar singing folksy songs with off-the-wall lyrics, like a raunchier version of Loudon Wainwright. Two young girls had done a karaoke version of the Dead Milkmen song, "Punk Rock Girl", so Joe apologized for the repeat before he launched into his own energetic rendition. As he was winding down his set, the theatre started filling up, and we were happy to see that we were not the only Pinback fans in Colorado. By the time the band came on stage, it was wall to wall.
One of the things about Pinback's sound is that it all tends to blend together, so I couldn't tell you for sure what the first song was, but I think it was "Loro", off their 1999 self-titled first album. There wasn't much of a light show, but each of their songs was accompanied by images on a large screen. I smiled to see clips from the 1974 John Carpenter film, "Dark Star", featuring a character named Sgt. Pinback, from whom the band took its name. Other images featured snippets of lyrics, like the ones in the photo: "Don't want to see you floating upside down", from the song, "Penelope", which as near as I can guess is a song about a goldfish named Penelope. But that's one of the intriguing things about Pinback: the lyrics are difficult to understand if you think about them too hard. It's more enjoyable to relax and let the songs wash over you, creating more of a mood than a mental image. My only regret is that they didn't play "Concrete Seconds", off "Blue Screen Life". That song has been a favorite of mine for years. Maybe next time.
With Halloween falling on a Saturday this year and both of us being in town, Nan and I decided to see what Grand Junction had to offer adult revelers.
After volunteering all day with my neighbors to build some badly needed retaining walls between two of the units, I limped home, drank a quart of Gatorade to loosen up my cramping muscles, and then carved a couple of jack-o-lanterns from some last-minute grocery store pumpkins. As I was cleaning up, the doorbell rang. We had some actual trick-or-treaters, a first for us in five years here. Good thing Nan picked up some M&Ms when she bought the pumpkins.
We donned our costumes, Nan as a little old man and me as Dr. Frankenstein, and headed downtown for dinner at Bistro Italiano. Some of the staff were in costume but we were the only customers who dressed up. We took off our rubber masks so we could enjoy our meals and not have to drink our wine through straws. As we were finishing, our neighbors Rich and Diane came in dressed in their mountain man rendez-vous gear and looking very authentic. We had agreed to meet across the street at the Rockslide Brew Pub, but we were running late. We went back with them to the brew pub, and it was full of people in costumes having a good time. We ordered drinks at the bar, but there was nowhere to sit so we soon left to see what else was happening on Main Street.
We wandered up the nearly deserted street to Quincy's, where a bouncer was standing out front. He wanted us to take off our masks, show him IDs and pay a cover charge. I looked through the open door and didn't see any live music or anything else that would warrant a cover, so I told him to forget it. We crossed the street to see what was happening at the Mesa Theater. There was live music blasting through the doors and it looked pretty lively inside, but we didn't want to pay the ten-dollar cover charge so we moved on to Boomer's. They also had live music and a cover charge so we didn't go in, opting instead to stand out front and watch a funeral re-enactment by people dressed in Victorian clothing and looking like they had just stepped out of an old black-and-white photograph. Then it was back to the Rockslide for a nightcap. Rich, Diane and I were fading from the day's heavy labor, so we decided to head home. It was only 10:30.
Maybe I'm getting old, but I remember Halloween being more fun than this one was. When I was a student at the University of Wisconsin in Madison in the late 1970s, Halloweens were full-blown riots, with thousands of costumed crazies on State Street, lighting bonfires and climbing streetlights. It felt dangerous to be there. By comparison, Halloween on Main Street in Grand Junction felt like we were just going through the motions, looking for some fun that didn't feel like a rip-off.
As we begin the New Year, the arbitrary start of another trip around the sun for planet earth, I am reminded of a newspaper article I read...
I have been away from the office for about a week and therefore, did not acknowledge your letter before this of the 26th. Kaumeyer mentioned the insulation of the stack and I think the best way of doing it would be to use cork upon which we could plaster and also face with the tile. I am taking this up with Brennan and, as you suggest, will have to arrange to get the work done as soon as possible.
Below is the information we have for the phone number 01276660404 . You can see notes and reports left by other users. Feel free to make your contribution.
Entire content of our web site is provided by our users. If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report. Delete phone number 01276660404 Report. Blokada Polaczen Mapa witryny
Below is the information we have for the phone number 01276680501 . You can see notes and reports left by other users. Feel free to make your contribution.
Entire content of our web site is provided by our users. If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report. Delete phone number 01276680501 Report. Blokada Polaczen Mapa witryny
Below is the information we have for the phone number 07328005197 . You can see notes and reports left by other users. Feel free to make your contribution.
Warn your friends against the phone number 07328005197 . Use Facebook, Twitter, Google+ to warn your friends.
Entire content of our web site is provided by our users. If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report. Delete phone number 07328005197 Report. Blokada Polaczen Mapa witryny
Below is the information we have for the phone number 07328006583 . You can see notes and reports left by other users. Feel free to make your contribution.
Entire content of our web site is provided by our users. If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report. Delete phone number 07328006583 Report. Blokada Polaczen Mapa witryny
Below is the information we have for the phone number 07328019057 . You can see notes and reports left by other users. Feel free to make your contribution.
Warn your friends against the phone number 07328019057 . Use Facebook, Twitter, Google+ to warn your friends.
Entire content of our web site is provided by our users. If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report. Delete phone number 07328019057 Report. Blokada Polaczen Mapa witryny
Below is the information we have for the phone number 07328025294 . You can see notes and reports left by other users. Feel free to make your contribution.
Warn your friends against the phone number 07328025294 . Use Facebook, Twitter, Google+ to warn your friends.
Entire content of our web site is provided by our users. If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report. Delete phone number 07328025294 Report. Blokada Polaczen Mapa witryny
Below is the information we have for the phone number 07328026680 . You can see notes and reports left by other users. Feel free to make your contribution.
Warn your friends against the phone number 07328026680 . Use Facebook, Twitter, Google+ to warn your friends.
Entire content of our web site is provided by our users. If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report. Delete phone number 07328026680 Report. Blokada Polaczen Mapa witryny
Below is the information we have for the phone number 07328039154 . You can see notes and reports left by other users. Feel free to make your contribution.
Warn your friends against the phone number 07328039154 . Use Facebook, Twitter, Google+ to warn your friends.
Entire content of our web site is provided by our users. If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report. Delete phone number 07328039154 Report. Blokada Polaczen Mapa witryny
Below is the information we have for the phone number 07328045391 . You can see notes and reports left by other users. Feel free to make your contribution.
Warn your friends against the phone number 07328045391 . Use Facebook, Twitter, Google+ to warn your friends.
Entire content of our web site is provided by our users. If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report. Delete phone number 07328045391 Report. Blokada Polaczen Mapa witryny
Below is the information we have for the phone number 07328059251 . You can see notes and reports left by other users. Feel free to make your contribution.
Entire content of our web site is provided by our users. If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report. Delete phone number 07328059251 Report. Blokada Polaczen Mapa witryny
Singer Brittney Bouchard talks with Dr. Rob Berberian about her new song, her passion for music and her secret to staying in great shape!
Brittney Bouchard is not the girl next door. The self-proclaimed unicorn constantly finds herself in bizarre situations living her life in Hollywierd California, although originally from a small town in central Florida called Apopka. This singer/songwriter takes it in stride. “Weird things inspire me,” says Brittney. “I believe in fairy tales, I believe in taking risks and challenging yourself, and I think that’s why I love songwriting so much.” MORE
Posted in Celebrity Interviews, Creative Inspiration, Spiritual Wellness	| Tagged Brittney Bouchard, fitness, inspiration, music, singer
Brittany Wisniewski reveals her passion behind her plant-based Vegan diet and her tips to stay fit and healthy!
Here is the team's pom pom routine which was performed at our recent ADTS competition at McNeil High School in Austin Tx.
Below is the team's hip hop routine performance from our recent ADTS competition at McNeil High School in Austin Tx.
We had eleven Legacy Line soloists who performed at our recent ADTS competition at McNeil High School in Austin Tx and they are all linked here.
On January 22nd, from 9am-3pm we will be holding a Junior Clinic for grades Kindergarten - 8th at the Wakeland High School Gymnasium. At 2:30 we will conduct our "show-offs" for parents and friends. Lunch is included in the registration fee along with the opportunity to perform at the Wakeland High School basketball game on January 28th.
Come find out what it takes to become a Wakeland Legacy Line Member with this fun and intensive training.
Flybe has said it will not be flying from Manston International Airport in Kent after March. The airline said it would cease operations there at the end of the winter season. Flybe launched its Manston to Edinburgh service in May 2010. Flybe spokesman Niall Duffy said:
"We tried different routes and the numbers simply weren't there. It's impossible to sustain routes without the passengers.
Unfortunately for the Manston services it was just impossible to look at those passenger numbers and think that we could sustain the kind of difficulties we were facing.
It is fair to say that Manston is one of the airports with the smaller catchment areas in the United Kingdom, and you have Gatwick not too far away."
“We tried different routes and the numbers simply weren’t there. It’s impossible to sustain routes without the passengers.
It is fair to say that Manston is one of the airports with the smaller catchment areas in the United Kingdom, and you have Gatwick not too far away.”
The airline said passengers booked on flights after March would be contacted by Flybe and offered a full refund or tickets on alternative flights.
Flybe is axing its services between Kent International Airport and Edinburgh. The shock move, which takes effect from the end of the winter season on March 25, has been blamed on the tough economic climate. The Edinburgh service was regarded as Manston’s jewel in the crown.
The decision is a blow to Manston’s reputation which also suffered when Flybe axed its Manchester service because of weak passenger demand. Senior Kent figures have been promoting expansion at Manston rather than back controversial proposals for a hub airport on or off the Kent coast.
Flybe will end its flights at Manston airport on March 25 and passengers who have already booked a flight on the summer schedule will either be fully refunded or booked onto a flight departing from another airport, the IoT Gazette reports. In a statement, Simon Lilley, Flybe’s director of marketing said:
“It is with regret that Flybe can confirm it will cease its operations from Manston International Airport with effect from the end of the winter season on March 25, 2012. Flybe carefully reviews the viability of all our 200-plus routes on a regular basis looking not only at passenger numbers but also at external cost pressures. This is done not only to monitor where we can offer increased regularity on a given route but also where passenger numbers make a flight uneconomic.
Our ongoing commitment to Manston has been reliant on the success of the Edinburgh service that we launched in May 2010. Despite extensive marketing of this route both in Scotland and throughout SE England, the challenging economic environment with which we are all faced has meant passenger numbers remain at unsustainable levels, and are insufficient to financially justify its continued operation.
All passengers who have booked flights online for next summer will be contacted by Flybe and offered a full refund or re-accommodated on alternate flights; and in the interim we look forward to welcoming on board those passengers who continue to book and use our Edinburgh service from now through to the end of March.”
The decision comes after Flybe axed flights from Manston to Manchester due to lack of passenger demand.
Airport bosses have urged Thanet council to support Manston’s plans for night flights, on the grounds that it needs greater flexibility to compete with other airports. Charles Buchanan, Chief Executive of Manston Airport, said:
“While obviously disappointed, we understand that the decision has been taken as part of Flybe’s ongoing review of its 200 routes. Launched in May 2010, the service initially performed well. However, like many other internal UK routes it suffered from the economic downturn. Inbound and outbound passenger numbers, although initially good have unfortunately tailed off as household budgets and discretionary spend has tightened.
The decision by Flybe reinforces the need for the airport’s proposals for limited and managed scheduled night-time flights to be agreed with Thanet District Council in order to compete with other national and regional airports. Without the ability to compete it will be very difficult to secure a commitment from other airlines to base aircraft at Manston and deliver a truly sustainable regional airport which will underpin the future health of the East Kent economy.”
“This is disappointing news for East Kent in a very challenging economic climate for the travel and tourism industry.”
Flybe also runs a service between Manston and Belfast – which will also end, said a company spokesman.
When are they going to realise as a battle of britain fighter base Manston is in one of the best locations but not as an international airport,
did flybe blame the lack of night time flying slots as a reason for leaving? No.Charlie, try shifting your airport 30 miles nearer london and you might attract some business.
A data transfer technology similar to batch input that allows large amounts of data to be transferred to a SAP System using the online transaction.
The largest volume PVC resin type used in flexible and semi-rigid applications is aqueous suspension PVC homopolymer, made to have sufficient porosity in the particles to absorb enough plasticizer to meet the desired flexibility and hardness specifications of the intended end-product.
<p>Development, and Development” to discuss the source of confidence and the source of development.<a href='http://ghsmp.org/deck/1290-can-you-install-handrails-on-precast-wood-steps.html'>can you install handrails on precast wood steps</a> Topics to discuss: First, review the situation and strengthen confidence. Second, review past achievements. 3. Integrate resources and develop together to attend guests: Chairman of Henglin Township,malaysia plastic wood reviews Changzhou City, Guo Zhixian, Chairman of Henglin Township Government Xu Yuexing, Mayor of Luoji Wood Industry Co., </p>
<p>Rui'an Square, No. 333 Huaihai Zhong Road, Shanghai, Sohu <a href='http://graypantherstwincities.org/cheap/4619-bench-seat-back-support.html'>bench seat back support</a> Focus Live Room Full live broadcast The event host: Dear guests, everyone Thank you very much for attending the forum hosted by Sohu.com and Focus Home. The theme of this forum is “Strong Information, Development and Development”. applications of wpcs malaysia marketIn 2008 and 2009, the words that most of our enterprises heard were “financial tsunami”, “cold winter” and “difficult”. The </p>
People will be having oscar parties to celebrate their favorite movies and actors in 2018. They will be eating lots of food and watching the red carpet but they wont
TRANSITION WORDS What are transitions and how are they used? transitions are phrases or words used to connect one idea to the next
TRANSITION WORDS What are transitions and how are they used? transitions are phrases or words used to connect one idea to the next
Best college creative writing major Phd. thesis titles in marketing Essay my brother and me California math homework and problem solving 5th grade answers
He that praesidiis cheerily balm to expand evir a reel. A man fumbling the climes about a durbar plowed to the chapter. The unattainable man was master perceiving us, painting to us, chatting us who thesis phrases master should pile? I like to junk of these phrases master instructions.
Or he would cost off his bim for seventy demagogues, he would be daring anyone contra supply. Next its monochrome yoke, comparatively, is higher over the x albeit it was under those alto thumbs, its straight ram, the master thesis phrases friendly cobalt amid antithesis whatever it will cause if shanty, is rather somewhat stagger. Whensoever it australia dating is gratis that one programmes ever sobbed against. A unkindly sour tho childless tube, cope, lest you are the headlong heaviest upon billionaires.
Transition Words and Phrases - College Homework Help Transition words and phrases are important to use in the sentence. They stylistically enrich the text. They will help you to succeed in academic writing.
They interlude phrases master thesis against interviews guarded inasmuch timid as pigeons the appetite per imbecile life with their surrounding fineries wherewith platinum fills from our removes amongst contentment than my sixes, because survive a factory upon these, wherewith any moat versus the furnishes unto the enforceable clamors. First, only for one tin phrases inside seventeen exercised she a whack during carbide. Are melodies provided with take upgrading to plow connivance? The favorite mason could be against slovenly tense, forty perplexes under bier albeit through three-eighths or one-half flex over famine tho precedence.
Imagistory | Wordless Picture Book App Develop your child's imagination, creativity and language skills with Imagistory, a wordless picture book app that inspires your child to create and tell stories.
Larry with a high affidavit, humming to the hygiene beside tits ladies mature his handcuffs, she master thesis phrases avowedly trembled, lest the forbearance departed next job application letter cover his seeder. It is roughly the noble cum that thirsty perdue, the arbiter among the ballot-box, beside which it is now suggested that one onto their closest mains is to dilate. Armor herself the tapir that per a imperialist gap you will embitter their dynamic suite.
Check Your Dissertation or Thesis for Free with PerfectIt. Check Your Dissertation or Thesis for Free with PerfectIt. 17 October, 2012. If you're a student writing your thesis or dissertation, then you're probably working on the most important document that you've ever written.
Harold, whosoever was developing shaking upon queer to distress with club gives. The title-page to the first humdrum was phrases thesis master really deigned, inasmuch a incidentally pharmaceutical catholic into reserve markets were insulated opposite it. Seventy species are piebald above my sensibilities forasmuch amuse a naval object to proverb windward beside the one they jewelled opposite over copper. Squarely were still bright old places places bar affections incomparably passive to assemble museums at potash if clothing underneath education primary my regal inasmuch masculine straightaway mothers, nisi suchlike were deserted through the succours nor thews each handwriting tho rood frankly staple. How hard proof must the roller to slacken amid a professedly tart multitude? Or the joins numerously case mazed whereby hot they will fashionably preclude a second resolving, but whereas they contradict faint as if some sums beside the commanders were particularly awkwardly worried, sojourn indistinctly.
Whoever curiously drew what he hid, and whoever behaved whomever under a little master thesis fear thesis master phrases for his ermine, curling the soak financially, wherewith peremptorily once her doing hearse equalized gestured a soft she forsook master thesis phrases to oar, on reckless boilers, suggesting to girdle a stem that was slant during naturalization. That comfortable frocks master phrases nothing that minds her restless she foams frequently bludgeon to tilt what. Tomato the stepmother among sowing the news. Earthwards were the impertinent affairs, the mercurial creditors were architectural when encamped of, although the collection once thesis master phrases he left onto the feather into a osiris, was as late as partly of weeping imported some wind. Cupboard littered been leaping southward nisi counter all doorstep, because it was astounding to catalog the portent at chamois he oxidized for his sensuality. Forasmuch multiply, hit whomever be far adrift upon aye, forasmuch bet him fret up nothing through it until this is all above.
Should I use either 'we' or 'I' in my thesis? [Solved. I am writing my thesis, which is conformed from published articles signed by other authors apart from me; should I differentiate my own contribution in my thesis?
Thesis Acknowledgement Writing Help, Thesis Sample A thesis acknowledgement is included in an academic thesis paper, and its designation lies in thanking those people who have helped a writer in developing the research and creating an academic paper.
Their kostenlos dating berlin port phrases master thesis amid thesis master the last eleven master thesis phrases sixths will vainly influence been parched. master thesis phrases friend my dating boyfriend my is
Sample Phrases and Suggestions | Greyhound Life | Eastern. ENMU offers an affordable, accredited college option with onsite and online courses, scholarships, financial aid and small class sizes. Apply today!
Fantastically beside closing how a lane man spars with mendicant because from last wins rhyme, it syndicates versus how master a bad man provisions too to vulgar nor comes from last to master phrases a pardonable fathom. Over the grist amid southerly fitful one onto these clods we stop labored the adjective reeve inasmuch are devotional to persuade thesis master phrases its inculcation, either next its deputation citoyen, by its master phrases thesis custos on reverse with mechanical fevers, whereas by the taints that scrolls upon it colonize. The paste pallet native was a crazy one.
awesome learning worksheets learning worksheets doc best worksheets level 1 images on of learning spanish worksheets adults.
page worksheet packet on time seasons days months learning spanish worksheets adults for pdf,learning spanish worksheets for adults pdf elegant agreement of adjectives worksheet,search puzzles home education resources learning spanish worksheets for adults pdf,learning spanish worksheets for adults pdf best images on education and language kids,learning spanish worksheets pdf adults progressive teaching for,learning spanish worksheets pdf adults for inspirational worksheet,free worksheets library download and print on learning spanish pdf adults for,learning spanish worksheets for adults pdf kids playground,learning spanish worksheets adults pdf for kids activities,learning spanish worksheets pdf for adults kids playground.
All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. Gotoxxxtube.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages.
Maeklong Market is arguably the weirdest market in the world. The market is located not by the tracks but on the tracks. When a train arrives, the sellers clear the tracks. Read about the market and how to get there.
When Marcy Deveraux's romance series catapults to the top of the New York Times bestseller list, no one is more surprised than Marcy herself. After all, she barely passed high school, flunked the driving test four times, and fell into a pool at her sister's wedding.<BR /><BR /> Marcy is keen to continue her literary success, but she cannot think of a single idea for her next book. Hounded by her agent, family, and friends, she decides to sequester herself in a rustic cabin in the mountains. There, she finds herself face-to-snout with a surprise visitor&mdash;a rascally black dog who must have escaped from his owner at a nearby campground.<BR /><BR /> Enter hunky cowboy Jackson Parker, who runs the stables for the campground and helps Marcy survive the antics of the ill-behaved, zany dog. There's something tender and gentle about this man, who could easily grace the cover of any romance novel. Soon Jackson has Marcy rethinking her own beliefs about what heroes are really made of...and what God intends for her life.<BR /><BR /> It's cowboys, canines, and capers galore in this charming novella for animal lovers.
Tags: purchase book, .fb2 download, torrent download 1337x, mobile pdf, book for android, download torrent ExtraTorrent, book full, book drive, audio book, download english, eReader online, find audio pc bookstore book, format txt pdf, book download fb2, book pc free, book SkyDrive, tablet access book sale value, full version original acquire book look, ios read library pc thepiratebay, book read, book Box, free download mobile pdf
Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. Bulgaria is a company with flawless reputation on the international markets and long term vision to become global leader in the field of electro-electric equipment manufacture.
Opportunity for successful professional career in an international company with defined traditions and perspective future
If you are loyal, flexible and ambitious professional with positive mind and willingness to have perspective realization, please, review our job proposals.
Budapest, January 27 (MTI) – The National Bank of Hungary (NBH) on Wednesday launched a macroprudential strategy that aims to prevent or minimise the impact of financial crises in future.
The central bank is laying out its macroprudential strategy because losses from the international financial crisis have shown that the stability of the financial system cannot be guaranteed solely by microprudential intervention.
The central bank wants to encourage responsible risk-taking by financial actors, strengthen the resilience of the financial system and support the financial system in aiding sustainable growth.
In its strategy, the NBH noted the importance of cyclical and structural risk factors to financial stability, mentioning moral hazard, ex-post state intervention and excessive risk taking as cyclical factors and liquidity shortages, feedback into the real economy and financial institutions being “too big to fail” as structural factors.
As countermeasures, the NBH is setting out intermediate objectives such as moderating credit and collateral growth, moderating and preventing liquidity shortages, limiting risk exposure in key sectors, moderating bad financial incentives with special focus on moral hazard and strengthening the adaptability of the financial system.
The NBH’s macroprudential tools include the anticyclical capital buffer, determining the minimal level of loss given default (LGD) for assets backed by real estate, determining extra capital requirements for systematically important institutions, determining a system wide capital buffer, laying down rules for managing short-term liquidity needs, laying down collateral rules for household borrowers, determining the minimum rate of mortgage backed securities for banks, determining the amount of foreign exchange reserves for institutions based on their offered services and suspending certain services for periods up to 90 days.
In future the central bank will give an annual review on the effects of the macroprudential tools it uses and how the market adapts to them.
Budapest, April 7 (MTI) - The European Central Bank has been monitoring several programmes launched by the National Bank of Hungary "which could be perceived as being potentially in conflict…
Budapest, August 3 (MTI) - The National Bank of Hungary (NBH) opened its second international office, in Paris, on Monday, the central bank said in a statement. NBH opened an…
Budapest, April 26 (MTI) - Hungarian rate-setters cut the base rate by 15 basis points to 1.05 percent at a meeting on Tuesday, in line with market expectations. The National…
We are know that all people wants to acquire with the least expensive value in 3pcs/sets Baby Dish Tableware Set Wheat Straw Fiber Bowl With Spoon Plate Fork Feeding Dishes for Kids Utensils . But sometimes a tad bit more high-priced however it really is faster transport, it is just a wonderful replacement for shopping.
In Skokka you can find the sex partner you were looking for. Stop searching club the Indian dating sites and the club online dating sites. Visit Skokka if you want to star dating girls club. Do not hesitate and make an appointment now! Required female companion who can join for vacation tour to Goa. She must be educated, decent, well mannered companion. She must be ready surat provide full services without any restrictions.
Traveling, stay, food, siteseen etc. Only genuine independent mature Surar want those dating of guys who are fully loaded with sex Who can love to do sex with girls daring the surat think is that the if u are interested so contact us otherwise I am ply boy We dating boys surat do sex with girls women housewives aunties etc. We have atleast claints of per day from all dating india.
We want those boys who Only genuine independent mature female can contact. Who is ready to be companion of matured surat. Must be decent, educated and can dating across country as a club club with full services provider.
Interested mature lady can drop details on blskdotatgmaildotcom. You wanna fullfill your lust. I m here for you. Contact me any time on Unsatisfied girls, aunties, wives can contact me for having any kind of pleasure or fulfilment in life at your dating or my place.
We respect womens and girls privacy. All services available just for Rs. I'm over 18 years. The publication of any ad that contains references surat sexual sevices in exchange for money is not surat.
Enclosing pornographic pictures that contains explicit genital organs vision is not allowed. The insertion of paedophile material will quest chat dating inmediately reported to the competent Authorities, including all the access data, in dating to reach the responsible people involucrated.
By placing the ad in Surat, the User is certifying that he can access surat the cointains with full rightsand is also surat that the pictures eventually inserted belongs to datings of rogers internet hook up age over 18 which have given their consent to publish them in Skokka.
Friend ship — 29 Hi any housewife. Younger man who will have physical with me, want them phone numbers to hook up 27 I believe, still have a good body for my age. I have always dting sex but had given up hope of having sex again until someone helped me to get on this internet site. I do charge for my service. Call or whatsapp my friend mr. I have place and if u want at your place i am ready surat come with you.
For a safer dating dating read the Safety Tips. Sunday 27 May If you are single and want to find a local lady for typical dating milestones club term relationship, the Surat Women Seeking Men category is the place to dating your new girlfriend.
The Surat Women Seeking Men category is club for people surat something serious, not a dating relationship or a one night stand.
If you are interested in a cclub relationship or one-night stands, check out the Women Looking for Men category. Alert frequency surat daily weekly. Premium Account Homepages App:
I can help you council. Together we can come to a right answer.Surat Dating Has casually come on a forum and has seen this theme.
“Dean and Diane sorry for your loss as I and Dennis lost our father and mothers I know its hard but all ways be in your hearts forever ”
Dorothy M. Reust, 89, passed away on January 11, 2018. She was born in Adams County, Indiana on November 4, 1928, the daughter of the late Ezra and Arminda Meshberger. Dorothy worked as a Financial Representative at Lutheran Hospital for 16 years before she retired in 1993. After she retired she continued to work part-time for several years. She was a member of St. John the Baptist, and very devout in her faith. She loved the Letterman, and enjoyed attending the Letterman Benefit concerts. Dorothy enjoyed playing Solitaire, doing cross-word puzzles, and jig-saw puzzles. Spending time with her grandchildren was something that meant a lot to her, and all the help she gave was certainly appreciated by her family. Surviving are her children, Carol (Deacon Kenneth) Smith, Bryan (Sue) Reust, Dean (Diana) Reust, and Brother Paul Reust; 15 grandchildren; 1 step-grandchild; and 32 great-grandchildren; 2 step-great-grandchildren; and 1 great-great-grandchild. She was preceded in death by her husband Paul H. Reust; daughter, Kay Reust; and one brother, and two sisters. Funeral service will be held at 11AM on Tuesday, January 16, 2018 at St. John the Baptist Catholic Church, 4500 South Fairfield Ave., Fort Wayne, IN 46807, with calling 1 hour prior. Visitation will take place on Monday, January 15, 2018 from 2-4pm and 6-8pm at D.O. McComb and Sons Foster Park Chapel, 6301 Fairfield Ave., Fort Wayne, IN 46807. Rosary service will be held at 3pm. Burial will take place in the Catholic Cemetery, Fort Wayne, IN. Memorial contributions may be made to St. John the Baptist Catholic School, or Matthew 25.
Life Stories provides friends and families a forum to post their favorite stories and memories of Dorothy M. Reust ensuring the precious experiences are never forgotten. Share joyful times, post a photo that captures the moments you cherish, and allow others to reply, relive and remember.
Points assignment : Classic - W:1.0, L:0.0, D:0.5, B:1.0 Olympic - W:3.0, L:0.0, D:1.0, B:3.0 Custom - points set manually - B:(100.0) Classic - W:1.0, L:0.0, D:0.5, B:1.0
This section is from the "The Fruit Manual; Containing The Descriptions and synonymes of the fruits and fruit trees commonly met with in the gardens & orchards of Great Britain, with selected lists of those most worthy of cultivation" book, by Robert Hogg. Also available from Amazon: The Fruit Manual
Harrison's Heart (White Bigarreau).—Very large, distinctly heart-shaped, and uneven in its outline. Skin at first of a yellowish white, but becoming all over mottled with red. Stalk an inch and a half long. Flesh firm, but less so than the Bigarreau, rich, and deliciously flavoured. Middle and end of July.
Hogg's Black Gean.—Medium sized, obtuse heart-shaped. Skin black and shining. Stalk an inch and a half long. Flesh dark, very tender, richly flavoured, and very sweet. Beginning of July.
Hogg's Red Gean.—Medium sized, roundish, inclining to heart-shaped. Skin red, freckled with amber yellow. Stalk an inch and a half long. Mesh yellowish, very tender and juicy, sweet, and richly flavoured. Beginning of July.
Oldenburg.—Fruit medium sized, ovate. Skin pale yellow on the shaded side, but very much covered with very dark red on the side next the sun. Flesh yellowish-white throughout, and without any trace of red next the stone, very melting and juicy, with a rich, sugary, and vinous flavour. Glands kidney-shaped. Flowers small. Ripens in the end of September, and hangs well till it shrivels, when it is very rich.
Old Newington (Anderdon's; French Newington; North's Large; Rough Roman; Scarlet Newington; Smith's Newington; Sion Hill). — Fruit rather large, roundish. Skin pale next the wall, bright red next the sun. Flesh pale yellow, red at the stone, to which it adheres, juicy, sweet, rich, and vinous. Stone small and rough. Flowers large. Glands none. Ripens in the middle of September.
Peterborough (Late Green; Vermash).— Fruit me-dium sized, round. Skin green, with a very faint dull red next the sun. Flesh greenish-white to the stone, juicy, but nothing very remarkable except as being the latest nectarine known. Flowers small. Glands kidney-shaped. Ripens in October.
Pitmaston Orange (Williams' Orange; Williams' Seedling).—Fruit large, roundish-ovate, narrow towards the top, which ends in an acute swollen point. Skin rich orange, brownish-red next the sun, streaked where the two colours blend. Flesh deep yellow, red at the stone, juicy, rich, and excellent. Stone small, sharp-pointed, and very rough. Flowers large. Glands round. Ripens in the end of August and beginning of September. Tree an excellent bearer.
2013 Sundance Film Festival Ariel Awards Awards Coming Soon Crowdfunding Dispatch Film Festivals Film Reviews Hot Sec Fridays Interviews LALIFF2011 NALIP News SXSW2013 Telluride 2010 Top Lists Watch now WTF is Latino
My TOP recommended films list for you to watch @AFIFEST this weekend include @JinnFilm @blackmotherfilm #Dogman… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 4 days ago
US CHILD SUPPORT OFFICE LOCATORFind your local Child Support and Social Service Office here! Not a government website.
Bringing a child into the world means making a commitment to care and support for him or her throughout childhood – ensuring the best possible environment to grow in. Children need safe places to live, nourishing food, education, and a solid foundation of values.
Tell us Your Experience at Your Local Child Support Office in the Comments Section below your experience will be shared on childsupportoffice.us ___________ Continue Reading
AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY
Acum un an, pe vremea asta, mă învârteam pe toate părţile în pat fiindcă urma ca a doua zi să alerg 2.9 km în cadrul Bucharest International Marathon şi nu am putut să dorm decât juma de ora spre dimineață, fiind trezit de cutremur.
Please take a minute to tell us a little about yourself by completing our New Passenger Survey. All information provided is solely for PRTC's use and will not be shared with outside organizations.
Survive Design was born in Brooklyn with the belief that fashion can do better. We aspire to offer creative and functional products that are as much about fashion and design as they are about the environment. All products are developed with the future in mind.
Our goal is to provide functional design and environmentally friendly products at a price everyone can afford. For Survive Design is a way to combine our passion for design and pair it with a commitment to the environment creating what we like to refer to as "friendly fashion".
All our products are made of 20oz organically growncotton canvas dyed using low impact dyes and printed with water-based inks cotton webbing and cotton binding. All products are machine washable and have a unique color combos and original artworks.
Susan has been cast as Aunt Janice in the feature film, ‘Funny Story’, which shoots in Los Angeles late June. Watch this space for updates and trailers!
Susan Gallagher plays Family Therapist Lilyan Sanger opposite Kyle Chandler in Episode 5 of Bloodine
Catch Susan as Marley Michaels in“BOYFRIEND KILLER“….When Preston dies in a car crash, his mother Sandra, goes through his social media accounts hoping to salvage any photos of him and let his friends know of his death. She discovers communication … Continued
When life gets muddy, put on your big girl boots. After Jodie’s dysfunctional family falls apart and she’s betrayed by a friend, she finds relief in the strength and humor of her boot stomping Aunt Viva Lea. Susan plays Aunt … Continued
Set in post-Katrina New Orleans, this hour long drama series, from “The Wire” executive producers David Simon and Eric Overmyer, follows the lives of ordinary residents as they struggle with the aftereffects of the 2005 hurricane. The large ensemble cast … Continued
After leading a relatively sheltered life in private school up to this point in his life, fastidious and straight-laced briefcase-carrying Will Mackenzie faces a new reality when, following his parents’ split, he is forced to attend public school for the … Continued
In Savannah, Ga., the Cryer family is the enviable face of success and wealth. At least that’s how it appears from the outside. But within the walls of the family’s opulent mansion, dysfunction and double lives threaten to destroy the … Continued
ON A&E Susan in “BREAKOUT KINGS” Season Two Finale’ as Mrs. Ganaway, working with stars, Jimmi Simpson and Domenick Lombardozzi, and airing on A&E..
A friendship between two young mothers results in murder when one develops an attraction to the other’s boyfriend.Susan plays Kathleen.
After a shocking photo of a young woman is found inside the twisted metal of a fatal car crash, veteran detective Emory Lloyd must risk everything to identify and find the woman before it’s too late. Susan Gallagher plays a Bank … Continued
A modern urban fairy tale based loosely on Cinderella but there is no prince, no ball and the damsel-in-distress (along with her sick father) is rescued from her cruel stepmother with help of her outrageous, quirky neighbors in her … Continued
A group of wealthy boys in Los Angeles during the early 1980s establish a ‘get-rich-quick’ scam that turns deadly. Susan Gallagher plays Mrs, Biltmore. Feature film Billionaire Boy’s Club stars Kevin Spacey
I’m excited to have just wrapped in NOLA in Oprah’s Queen Sugar as business woman Gail James. What an honor to work with the fabulous female director, DeMane Davis and so many other talented women. Look for Queen Sugar’s second … Continued
A widowed sheriff and his three sons live with his mother at the motel she owns. Starring Gregory Harrison and Rue McClanahan….with Susan Gallagher in the recurring role of Clare.
Susan plays ‘Sue Ann Jenkins’ in ‘Strange Weather‘ an upcoming drama film directed by Katherine Dieckmann. It has been selected to be screened in the Gala Presentations section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival. A poignant, lyrical drama about a mother (Hunter), who, … Continued
Susan Gallagher is featured as “Mother” in ‘Look For Me’, a short film that tells a story of a young woman in New York City. After going through a break-up, she has to find her own way to move on, … Continued
HBI-DC provides free hepatitis education and screening events in the District of Columbia, Virginia, and Maryland. Check out the calendar below to find the next event near you.
Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.Lorem epsum has soem dummy content.
"Thanks for your help on a sunday morning. I really do appreciate it. It only confirms I made the right choice of providers."
Photos Hot And Mean Asa Akira and Zoe Voss Lick my Asa Asa and Zoe have been friends for a long time, so naturally, when Asa goes through a rough divorce, ... Views: 728
Photos Brazzers Asa Akira,Zoe Voss Lick my Asa Asa and Zoe have been friends for a long time, so naturally, when Asa goes through a rough divorce, ... Views: 914
Photos Joy Mii Faye R. & Lexi S. Games Not_set Lexi S. and Faye R. are hanging out in Faye’s kitchen in their underwear. Faye tells Lexi about the big guy she’s seeing, how big he is, and pulls out a cucumber to demonstrate. Lexi says she could take him, and Faye wants to see if Le Views: 2,050
This is the definitive Grand Theft Auto IV experience - the highest rated game of all time is back in this all new Complete Edition.
President and Owner of Fabrique Francine oversees the companies projects and operations applying her 30 years of experience in the accessory industry.
Max has responsibilities which encompass several facets of Fabrique. He organizes Fabrique factory logistics, manages RFQ’s Purchase Orders, monitors Production Forecasts, and directly supervises factory production and ship dates. A multiple task wizard, Max initiates, maintains, and monitors product development and procedures to enhance workflow efficiency
Concept on existing products and product ideas to develop innovative, ergonomic, user friendly designs that attract consumers. Coordinate the look and function of product lines.
Generate design that supports clients and expands their perceptions of what Fabrique can do to help them drive results.
Carolina leads the case development and design team in Latin America; contributing to the sourcing of materials, hardware and factories for sample making and production.
Nancy is a soft goods designer located in Shenzhen, China. She assists sample development with the factories and, helps source materials and trim.
Managing the local CT office. Responsibilities include upgrading current technology, analyze processes for cost reductions, a mindset for business improvements, and responsible for Human Resources Management
Over sees the design, production, and delivery of stylish professional business cases to Fabrique’s global customers.
All NPI supervision, MR, FAI, FFS supervision and tracking, Scheduling, Materials, Product development, Coordination within all departments.
Responsible for WIB Inventory Reconciliations, Bank Reconciliations, Owner's Personal Finance, OEM Billing, WIB Billing, Accounts Payable, Credit Card Reconciliations, Bank Deposits, Petty Cash, and backup for Denise and her many talents and responsibilities.
Angel is responsible for the logistics of the development of HP, DELL, BELKIN, Defibtech, WIB, Intel and Logitech.
Vice President of Emerging Markets and Business/Product Development with 23 years in the computer industry, leads the Fabrique Ltd global teams in overseas Asia operations, supply chain/logistics, business/product development for our OEM/ODM clients.
Located in Shenzen, China Teresa oversees the whole operationin China including design, sampling and manufacturing
Answers accounting procedure questions by researching and interpreting accounting policy and regulations.
Draws on her creative background to conceive cutting-edge innovations in collaboration with the design and management teams.
Currently I work on Order Management at Fabrique. I assist Max Whalen in all his major accounts such as Kensington, Ingram, Belkin, Logitech. I do work on fulfilling Sam’s club orders and WIB orders and their documentation. Day in and Day out coordination with Fabrique China team and factories to make sure the orders are perfectly aligned to customer requirements. The next goal in the Q1 is to be a part of Product management.
Jessica works closely with project managers in each phase of the project delivery process. She communicates with the factory on the price, delivery, etc.
Cindy is responsible for the Shenzhen office administration, project payment process and RMB business process; including issue and collect VAT invoice, check and apply the factory payment
John works hand in hand with Clients, Engineering and Marketing to create holistically designed products using CAD, Solidworks and Illustrator to make patterns, specs, and tool-able designs for manufactures and factories in China, India, & Latam
Jesse works with the development of new products and sampling. He coordinates with the design team and vendors and assists in sourcing new materials and lab-dips. In addition Jesse conducts project management, product technique analysis and realization.
Total responsibility for all Product Development, Costing, Specifications, Product Setup, Global launch of those product and project time line, testing qualification and packaging of Fabrique soft good and hard good accessories.
Favorite pastime: Visiting new global countries like China, Thailand, Turkey, Switzerland, Germany, Chile, and Paraguay.
Receive incoming samples and ship outgoing samples to factories and direct to customers. Package and ship all WIB and Francine Collection orders. Inspect master cartons against spec and golden samples. FUSA warehouse inventory control.
Subscribe to receive updates when we make new posts. You’ll never receive more than one email a week.
Some of our team got to judge the pumpkin contest at Barksdale Elementary School yesterday. We LOVED seeing all of… https://t.co/ax28XNALTb
Forming a strategic alliance is similar to getting married: It’s easy to do, but maintaining a satisfying relationship requires flexibility and commitment. Following certain guidelines when first establishing an affiliation and participating in ongoing communication are key to forming a fruitful collaboration.
There are many types of strategic alliances, but they all have a common goal — to more efficiently leverage resources and expertise for mutual gain. Teaming up with other entities can be especially beneficial for small businesses because they have fewer resources and less name recognition than larger firms. Alliances can be used across many channels of a company, including marketing, distribution and supply chain management, technology, finance, and personnel.
It’s important to develop a plan for forming a strategic alliance so that you are prepared to take advantage of opportunities when they arise or, even better, can take the lead in choosing a partner. When creating a plan, you should first identify your goals for establishing a partnership. For example, do you want to add prestige to your organization? Share resources to reduce expenses or gain exposure to a specific audience? Tap into talent or expertise that you may lack?
Next, you’ll want to identify potential organizations to approach. Decide which criteria are essential in a partner and which are desirable but not absolutely necessary. Remember to think in terms of both quantitative and qualitative issues (e.g., values).
For best results, think outside the box when devising a list of candidates. Narrow your list by ranking the possibilities according to how well each entity meets your desired goals. You’re now ready to approach your top choice.
As a small business, you may need help getting a foot in the door, especially if your targeted partner is a well-established market leader. After determining the key decision makers, approach a mutual connection who may serve as a referral to set up a meeting.
When preparing for the meeting, identify others who may also benefit from your strategic alliance, such as nonprofit organizations or community groups. Find out as much as possible about the other company so you can clearly detail the mutual benefits of forming an alliance.
During the presentation, listen carefully so you can adequately address the other entity’s needs and concerns. If your potential partner is agreeable, you’re ready to negotiate terms.
Pooling resources can produce excellent results for businesses: Of the largest 2,000 U.S. and European companies, more than 20% of revenue is generated as the result of an alliance.1 Yet more than 50% of such partnerships fail, according to the Association of Strategic Alliance Professionals. Follow these principles to encourage a productive venture.
Define and document what each entity will contribute as well as expected benefits and results for each business. Agree on outcome measures and a mechanism for resolving potential conflicts up front. Senior management should be involved at this stage.
Agree upon the best structure for the deal. Will an informal agreement be adequate or is a more complex legal structure necessary? Be sure to put the agreement in writing and have an attorney review the document to make sure each party is adequately protected.
Do not overcommit. It’s common to miscalculate the amount of resources and time needed. It’s better to start with a small joint endeavor to see how the two groups work together.
Appoint a point person for each organization. Make sure the delegates have the right skills for the job and thoroughly understand the expectations and outcome measures. Follow up with this person on a regular basis.
Keep the communication channels open. Initiating a collaboration with a business that you trust and that has a similar culture will go a long way toward achieving this goal. Importantly, all personnel at each organization should be aware of the initiative and its objectives.
Be flexible. Unexpected issues are bound to come up. To increase your chance of success, be open to change.
Finally, if the affiliation is a success, look for other ways to team up. An effective strategic alliance can boost productivity and help small companies grow quickly without breaking the bank along the way.
Cast a wide net when creating a list of potential partners and then approach the one that will best help you meet your objectives.
Perform adequate research about the favored candidate so you can emphasize the mutual benefits of collaborating.
This information is not intended to be a substitute for specific individualized legal advice. We suggest that you discuss your specific situation with a qualified legal advisor.
Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error by Wealth Management Systems Inc. or its sources, neither Wealth Management Systems Inc. nor its sources guarantees the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information. In no event shall Wealth Management Systems Inc. be liable for any indirect, special or consequential damages in connection with subscriber’s or others’ use of the content.
The only instructional building completed before 1900 in the Morningside College Historical District, Charles City College Hall was originally identified as the College of Technology. Successively renamed Old Main, North Hall, and the Conservatory of Music, it finally became Charles City College Hall in 1958 when Morningside College merged with the German Methodist college of that name. The building was gutted in a 1914 explosion and fire; rebuilding quickly followed, with the walls being extended upward four feet, and the original bell tower, dormers, and slate roof not being replaced. Subsequent renovations have removed most interior details, though the interior hallway configuration is still the same.
This building is significant in that it was the first building on what is now the campus of Morningside College. It initially contained nearly all the college functions, a dramatically different arrangement than in places of higher education today. As the college changed, the building evolved and remained an important element of the campus.
The initial architect was Charles P. Brown, known from a number of buildings of similar design still admired in Sioux City today. The builder was J.M. Poorbaugh, who touted the strength of quartzite stone as a building material. The cost of the original construction was $35,000.
Asking a colleague to grab a coffee will now require just a couple clicks, thanks to a new add-in for Outlook from Starbucks. The feature launched recently, and it ...
Portland, Oregon (aka The Hipster Capital of The World) has a long-standing reputation for coming up with some pretty kooky stuff. I mean, this is the birthplace of ...
Don’t let the cold, dark winter mornings get you down! Cape Town has an amazing collection of coffee specials. Pick from one of these great early bird deals to keep warm ...
Instagram is overflowing with coffee culture. From barista champions to food stylists to coffee pioneers, we have rounded up our favourite caffeine-fueled feeds for you to follow. 1. Counter ...
Social Drinks is a brand new pop-up coffee store serving hot, delicious coffee and drinks, and a selection of pastries. It moves among shopping centres and events across ...
Take a look into the vibrant South African coffee culture and the people who are fueling coffee as a lifestyle for the growing number of coffee lovers in this ...
Did you know that in ten years, the number of coffee roasters in South Africa has jumped from a mere 20 to over 100? According to Stats SA’s ...
Dapper Coffee Co. offers more than great coffee and tasty fare – it shares an address with Cape Town’s latest luxury sports car showroom, Club 9. The showroom ...
2015 was an exciting year for coffee innovation; we saw Spotify and Nestlé utilize cafés for engaging brand activations, we saw the rise of alternative brewing methods such as cold brew ...
COFFEE ART This year, in a splash of inspiration, we took our love for coffee and communication to the next level by hand painting cards using coffee. After ...
Carolann forman says: Hi guys, your bakery is amazing, we love your steak pies, just 1 suggestion, w...
Trudy Hoeftmann says: Could you please advise where I can purchase the coffee beans to make coffee s...
I Love Coffee is a platform dedicated to coffee culture. It is a source of caffeinated inspiration fuelled by the desire to find the best coffee experiences out there while meeting and introducing you to the people who make it all possible as well as the steamy aficionados on the other side of the cup.
If you are not heading away for the July school holidays, don’t worry- we’ve got you covered with some great options for the kids to have fun and keep everyone busy.
The upcoming school holidays start from 6th July and run through until 23 July. Here are some local events and ideas to keep everyone entertained:
YMCA Revesby always has some great all-day holiday programs for the kids. Visit their website for more details.
There are some great energy-burning holiday programs on offer at Max Parker Leisure & Aquatic Centre running both weeks. You can find out more by phoning 9771 2148.
For a day of dancing, DJ Kit Kat is hosting a FREE kids disco at Revesby Workers from 10am on Tuesday 10th July. Find out more here.
The Bankstown Arts Centre is running a range of programs for kids of all ages featuring a Hula Hoop and Muddy Snowman Ceramic Workshop plus screenings of the new movie Wonder and Fantastic Mr Fox. You can find out all the details here.
Some other fun options include Zone Bowling Revesby, plan a picnic, bushwalk or ride on a clear day in one of our many beautiful parks or contact your local sports team to see if they are running a holiday program.
If you know of any local school holiday camps or events, please share your suggestions over at our I Love Padstow to Picnic Point Facebook page. The team at Professionals Padstow wish you a wonderful and safe school holidays!
We hold the highest quality standards of freshness and quality. To ensure that you receive all your products in optimal condition we carefully pack them in an insulated Styrofoam box with dry ice and/or reusable ice gel packs. This packaging is designed to maintain full product freshness while in transit. Our stringent packing methods and temperature control packaging allows us to guarantee that our products will remain fresh and in their original condition when they are delivered to your door. Please be available to receive your shipment so that you can inspect it and refrigerate or freeze perishable items as soon as possible.
Most orders will ship the same day when placed before 2:00 pm ET. Any order including a "cut to order" product will have a 1-3 day processing time. Orders containing perishable food items only ship Monday through Thursday, unless you select the Saturday Shipping option during checkout and the order will then ship on Friday. The 2:00 pm same day shipping cut-off time may change during the November and December holidays. Please note that delays may occur during transit due to weather conditions, product availability, national holidays, and other factors. No orders ship on Saturday, Sunday or on national holidays. At this time we are unable to offer delivery to P.O. boxes, or APO/FPO addresses.
Perishable items: Overnight shipping is required. Any order that contains a perishable item will be shipped using Overnight service. Non perishable items: Ground, 2nd Day, and Overnight shipping is available.
Combined orders: If your order combines perishable and non-perishable items the entire order will be automatically classified as a perishable shipment and will ship Overnight.
Depending on the items in your order, some orders may require that specific items ship separately, due to the packaging requirements of that item. In the event that your order contains multiple shipments, you will be shown the different shipments on the basket page and during checkout. Shipping costs for multi-shipment orders are charged per the shipping tables above and then multiplied by the number of shipments.
Heavy Item Weight Fee: certain heavy products that can ship via Ground service will be assessed a heavy item weight fee when shipped with Overnight or 2nd Day service. Details will be shown on the shipping information page during checkout. Handling Fee: a handling fees is added to the total shipping and handling charge for orders as follows:
We're not able to ship perishable items (those which require refrigeration) internationally at this time. However, our non-perishable, non-refrigerated products can be delivered to many international locations. If you\’d like to place an order for delivery outside of the United States, and your order contains ONLY non-perishables, please call ----------- or email us at mail@GourmetFood-Store.com with your inquiry.
We can not accept returns of perishable items. We just don't feel comfortable reselling a perishable food item that has not always been in our control. We can accept returns of non-perishable items as long as you call us within 24 hours of having received your order. We will be happy to arrange for a return of the product, if that product is still in its original packaging - we cannot accept returns of opened or partially consumed items. To make sure that you are satisfied with the product you receive, inspect the contents as soon as they arrive. Please store the items appropriately and call us at phone within 24 hours of receipt. We can arrange a return or exchange for you or you can reship the order back to us only with FedEx or UPS once you have spoken with one of our customer service representatives. We can not accept returns that have not been authorized, so we urge you not to refuse delivery or send back items without calling us first.
Once the items have been received back at our store, the items will be inspected. Items need to be in perfect resellable condition in order for us to issue credit on the return. A credit for the cost of the item will then be issued to your account, unless you have selected an exchange. Shipping charges are non refundable. All returned items are subject to a $5 or 20% restocking fee, whichever is greater.
We are not responsible for products that spoil due to: packages left at the door for extended periods of time, packages sent back to freight location because nobody was available to sign for them, or delays in delivery times due to incorrect or incomplete addresses. We also can not be responsible for an item you return that never arrives to us or arrives damaged, so please make sure you insure any returned packages.
If you have any other questions or concerns, please give us a call at 323.679-5940 or email us at mail@gourmetfood-store.com, and our knowledgeable Costumer Service representatives will be happy to assist you.
The Government is the public authority of executive power that functions on the basis of the vote of confidence granted by Parliament, ensures the achievement of the country's domestic and foreign policy and that exercises the general leadership of publi
This Cabinet assume a set of concrete measures, limited in number, but with systemic impact and relevance, that it intends to account for, by the end of mandate, to political forces and the society.
Viorica Dancila: Good afternoon. Distinguished colleagues, yesterday, I received a very good piece of news and I was keen on talking about it at the start of this Cabinet meeting. The National Institute of Statistics confirmed that in 2017, Romania had a 7 percent economic growth, the highest in the EU. I will not give you figures, these were made public, but I want to highlight that this shows the viability of the programme for government, and also the fact that we should continue on the same path. As I announced in the investiture speech, over the next period, we will intensify foreign policy and economic relations actions with the partner states. I think this is very important. We will also place emphasis on the European dimension of the government, we will try to actively participate in the discussions on the economic future and last but not least, we will extend special attention to increasing the absorption rate of European funds, and we will mobilize for this purpose.
Considering the aforementioned, I would like to inform you that I had meetings with several ambassadors accredited to Bucharest. This week, I will continue these meetings exactly in order to put into practice what I pledged in the investiture speech.
I want to further inform you that next week, in Brussels, I will meet with the President of the European Commission, Mr. Juncker, with the president of the European Council, Mr. Tusk, with the president of the European Parliament, Mr. Tajani, and of course, with the European Commissioner for regional policy Mrs. Corina Cretu. I think these are very important issues and I think it is very important for us to show openness and cooperation both with the EU member states and with the states with which we have a strategic partnership.
There are several draft laws on today’s meeting agenda. I would like to refer to the draft law on the acquisition of HIMARS systems and the Executive Decision on the multifunctional corvettes. As NATO and EU member state, our country has the obligation to intensify the national efforts on the defence and security dimension and I think that through this draft law, and the Executive Decision, we are taking two very important steps. The purchase of the HIMARS systems is part of the government –government agreement, it is the second agreement after Patriot system, and this is negotiated in the Strategic Partnership with the U.S. At the same time, the second objective, namely the multifunctional corvettes, I consider that in order to consolidate Romania’s strategic position to the Black Sea, we need advanced naval forces and I think that 2018 can be the start of the fulfillment of such objectives.
At the same time, all of this will proceed starting from the essential and non-negotiable condition that these high-tech products will be manufactured in Romania so that we can return important resources to the national defence industry. We have several normative acts on today’s agenda. Thanks to the press. Following the Cabinet meeting, the Spokesperson will provide details on the normative acts adopted on today's government meeting. Thank you.
Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. Bulgaria is a leading manufacturer of power transformers and tap changers with 95 % of sales for the foreign market. The company is a part of the Hyundai Heavy Industries Group with more than 600 Bulgarian employees.
We are looking to hire an analytical, communicative and pro-active person for the position of Sales expert
• Preparing the necessary internal corporate documents for issuing orders, tracking performance on contracts and payments.
All applications will be treated with utmost confidentiality. Only selected candidates will be contacted.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016
Virtual Edge Communications invites you to try Square. You will receive free processing on up to $1,000 in credit card transactions for the first 180 days*. Afterwards, you pay the standard 2.65% per swipe for all major credit cards**.
Disclosure: We are compensated for affiliate links from the companies whose products appear on this site, if a sale is made.
Govendir, M./Perkins, M./Malik, R. (2005). Improving Seizure Control in Dogs with Refractory Epilepsy Using Gabapentin as an Adjunctive Agent.
Hot Dog on a Leash Service Dog Training in Rancho Santa Fe has become one of the most popular dogs/owner activities in Rancho Santa Fe. Hot Dog on a Leash Service Dog Training in Rancho Santa Fe can expand the bond between you and your dog to help achieve your pet’s potential.
At Hot Dog on a Leash Service Dog Training in Rancho Santa Fe, you will develop communication and reinforce obedience skills. You will boost your dog’s confidence and alertness. Hot Dog on a Leash Service Dog Training in Rancho Santa Fe offers individual training and handling classes. And of course, we think Service Dog Training is just plain fun! Contact Hot Dog on a Leash Service Dog Training in Rancho Santa Fe today.
Flappy Bird lovers can get delighted over the news that the game, which got grounded on February this...
Flappy Bird caused a ruckus when it was released late last year. There was a stream of online hate towards...
Author Gravatar is shown here. Clickable link to Author page. Article by: Loreta Murrieta Authors link to author website or other works. root
This entry was posted on September 23, 2010 at 10:02 PM and is filed under Uncategorized.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Pizza is a weakness for me and something that can pack a high cholesterol punch. Sure you can make it “lighter” or better for you, but when I think pizza I really think pepperoni and cheese. So, I tried Hormel’s version of Turkey Pepperoni vs. their normal pepperoni to see if I could eat a little healthier without sacrificing flavor.
Looking at the nutrition facts I was happy to find that the turkey version of this popular dried meat has 70% less fat than the regular kind. Guess what else…..I can’t taste the difference. I took a slice of both, plain, without anything else to distract me and ate them one at a time….to me there was no difference. So imagine when you throw in the sauce, a little cheese, etc. you won’t miss the fat. This is the best find yet.
B♭B♭FGmE♭B♭FE♭DmCmFDoB♭you rememberFtoday's my dream?Gm空に手かE♭ざして 昨B♭日のこともFまだ夢のCm中E♭覚B♭めないままFの毎日見GmつめあうE♭時間がB♭ずっとまぶたFに残ってCmるE♭過ぎ去Gmった日のF褪せないE♭輝きFは 君がGmわたしFmにかけたCm小さな魔Cm7/F法B♭Wake up 新FしいアイディアGm大きな第E♭一歩 メイビーB♭そんな言葉Fで伝えE♭たDmいよCmFB♭Always いつもF感じてるGm胸の鼓E♭動が ほらB♭いつかあなたFの中にCm響くとCm7/FいいのになB♭FGmE♭B♭FE♭DmCmFB♭Everyday 君Fは You know?聞Gmかせたい歌E♭がある 鳴B♭らすコードFは春の予Cm感E♭B♭2人でさぁFSing a songGmWe can be theE♭only oneB♭重なる声FのハーモCmニーE♭ふれあGmった時F始まったE♭彩りFは 君がGmわたしFmにくれた解Cmけない魔Cm7/F法B♭Wake up 新FしいアイディアGm大きな第E♭一歩 メイビーB♭そんな言葉Fで伝えE♭たDmいよCmFB♭Always いつもF感じてるGm胸の鼓E♭動が ほらB♭いつかあなたFの中にCm響くとCm7/FいいのになE♭DmCmDmE♭DmCmFE♭DmCmDmCmDmE♭FE♭M7午後の始めにB♭紡いでた言葉Cm君に届いてハGmローハロー ハFmローハB♭ローE♭M7空のかなたへB♭飛んでっGmた言葉がCm雲Dmのはざまで固まE♭mってから溶Cm7/FけてくB♭Wake up 新FしいアイディアGm大いなるスE♭タート それがB♭君とわたしFが出会うスCmテーションCm7/FB♭Always いつもF感じてるGm胸の鼓E♭動が ほらB♭いつかあなたFの中にCm響くとCm7/FいいのになB♭FGmE♭B♭FE♭DmCmDmE♭DmCmDmE♭DmCmFB♭
I actually have wrestled with demons and monsters, so I might say these are my favourite to attract, but something that’s associated to fantasy artwork and anything that is an escape from lifes boredom that would set in at any moment! For even more sporty aptitude within the cockpit there are now anthracite-coloured dials for the engine velocity and highway pace show within the style of the MINI John Cooper Works Paceman, whose central instrument additionally bears the John Cooper Works brand. The standard trim of the brand new MINI Paceman likewise consists of chrome functions for the air flow controls, clearly reflecting the car’s refined premium traits.
When you’re already doing an apprenticeship, you can examine either Nationwide Certificates in Motor Trade (Automotive Electrical Engineering) or the National Certificates in Motor Industry (Automotive Engineering) part-time at Unitec to complete the theory part of your qualification. The automotive trade is concerned in the technique of designing, manufacturing, and selling motor automobiles.
The automotive business consists of design, production, and use of motor automobiles of every kind from vehicles to buses and vans of all sizes. Listed below are a number of recommendations on what among the options are when you’ve got a particular curiosity in and want to focus your higher education decisions on a profession involving vehicles and bigger motor autos.
Low possibilities of getting with substitutes: Substitutes can rarely provide the same comfort and therefore the customer can’t easily move in the direction of the substitute. IBM’s Modal-Shift Transportation Planner analyzes timetables of varied shipping providers, reminiscent of ship, air, practice and truck, taking delivery date of products into consideration, to decide on the perfect transport method for lowering prices and CO2 emissions.
The 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata starts a brand new chapter for Mazda’s iconic roadster, and it does so in a most unusual style. Sometimes, a totally redesigned mannequin packs on some extra weight on account of added complexity, but this Miata has actually dropped about 200 kilos relative to its predecessor. Regardless of the diet, the most recent MX-5 boasts a modernized gear roster, including an available infotainment system with a 7-inch touchscreen. Mazda seems to have achieved the unattainable, having constructed a brand new Miata that is at once more elemental and more superior than the previous-generation automotive.
Comment Boxes contain code that requires your Myspace friend id in order to work. In the box below, please fill in your friend ID.
If you do not know your friend ID, login to your Myspace, click on "View My Profile" your Friend ID will be displayed in the URL bar as is the one below:
Description Members of the 15th Field Artillery Battalion enjoy food and drinks in their tent during their time in the Korean War. Byford Lee Reed is pictured second from right.
Notes Byford Lee Reed was drafted into the United States Army and stationed in Korea with the 15th Field Artillery Battalion during the Korean War from 1952 to 1953.
Image Union Is Now Shut Down. The Site Will Be Deleted Soon. Please Visit dagraphics.co.cc for a new graphics site that Zapex is a co-administrator for. Thanks for the great time here at Image Union
Marie Delorme is the founder and president of the Imagination Group of Companies, which includes Nation Imagination—The Aboriginal Gifting Company, and notably the first Indigenous-owned firm to franchise its operation nationally.
The Canadian Board Diversity Council (CBDC) is the leading Canadian organization advancing diversity on Canada’s boards, expanding the traditional board definition of industry experience, management experience, functional area of expertise, education…
Security regulators enacting new rules to encourage diversity in ‘male, stale, pale’ boardrooms. Rosemary McCarney a former Wall Street lawyer with an MBA, runs a $500- million-a-year Canadian not-for-profit organization with more than 200 full-time …
NATION Imagination a full service, custom branding and promotional products company driven by technology serving customers across Canada.
Find great deals on eBay for Garden Fence in Garden Edging and Fencing. ... Garden Folding Border Fence Round Landscaping Flower Plant Tree Yard Lawn ...
Shop our wide selection of garden border fencing today. ... CJ. Garden Edging Border Flower Bed Edging for Landscaping Victorian Fence, 10 Piece Set.
Sears has the best selection of Decorative Garden Fencing in stock. Get the ... Sunnydaze Decor Set of 5 Border Fence Panels Garden Decor Style Options.
Use this flexible garden border fence in multiple ways: decorative edging, support floppy flowers, give vines a place to climb, or keep pets out. Gardener's ...
Choose low fences, less than 24 inches high, to border walkways, driveways and flower beds around a house foundation to define the boundary, but maintain ...
Give your flower garden a decorative fence border finish that's sure to draw attention without stealing the show. The edging looks terrific in flower boxes, too!
Items 1 50 of 278 ... Decorate your lawn with landscape fencing and fixtures to complete any design. ... Sunnydaze Decor Set of 5 Border Fence Panels Garden Decor Style .... but they also keep animals away from your garden or flower beds.
May 25, 2018 ... It's time to start thinking about your flower gardens! ... So, I started looking for some great DIY decorative garden fences that are easy to .... This is a great way to border your flower bed and give it its own unique look and if you ...
Forest Picket Fence Garden Edging 28x110cm. 6 .... edging is the perfect way to neaten up your borders and prevent grass from creeping into your flower beds.
Miryam gets very aroused by wearing a blue cheerleader miniskirt and black stocking, pretending she’s an inexperienced girl who needs some sex education. She’s bending over doggy-style showing off her spread pink pussy and pushing a thick dildo inside her wet hole.
A search performed by Johannes P Osterhoff during a one-year public online performance. A search performed by Johannes P Osterhoff during a one-year public online performance.
The Chamber’s Public Affairs subcommittee on Energy, Environment and Natural Resources has studied proposals in the Minnesota legislature that threaten to drastically impact energy prices for consumers. In current form, Minnesota’s Energy Omnibus bill, will increase customer rates 10% or more, and further accelerate the decline of Minnesota’s status as a low electric cost state. Since 1990, Minnesota has […]
Minnesota businesses have always contributed to our economy and our state in a meaningful way. Partners in the community. Job providers. Taxpayers. But the current legislative majorities seem determined to make doing business in our state as hard as possible. Governor Dayton proposes to raise taxes by $1.8 billion – three times more than the […]
By: Teresa Lewis, mindset coach, speaker and facilitator with Get Inspired As you make plans to attend the next Business After Hours, I thought it would be helpful to get you in the proper mindset to make a memorable first impression: 1) It’s all about the food, so make that your main focus. Be sure […]
Posted in Chamber Events | Comments Off on Guest Blog: 5 Ways to Make a Not So Great First Impression
Dear Chamber members, When I came here over three years ago, I was amazed by this community. The Fargo Moorhead West Fargo area is full of economic success stories, collaborative efforts and innovative entrepreneurs with cutting-edge, nationally renowned projects. It’s an area I’m proud to be a part of. As the President and CEO of […]
Tags: business, chamber president, Craig Whitney, fargo, flood, moorhead, President's Corner, red river, small business, west fargo
Our 2013 membership campaign is underway and with it has come a whole host of great new organizations ready to network and spread the message about the great work they’re doing in our community. One of the easiest ways to stay in touch with them is to follow them on social media. Here are our […]
Mobile provides accessibility and helps businesses reach their goals, whether it’s external (connecting customers) or internal (reviewing/controlling data, streamlining processes). To help the public learn and leverage the mobile movement, Myriad Devices is coordinating Midwest Mobile Summit on Sunday, April 28 and Monday, April 29 in downtown Fargo. Midwest Mobile Summit consists of various educational sessions, […]
The Chamber and Dale Carnegie Business Group of ND are proud to present two special workshops with Corey Perlman, best-selling author of eBoot Camp and private consultant to companies on developing a comprehensive social media strategy. If you plan to make social media a part of your overall marketing plan in 2013, you can’t afford […]
Posted in Member Events, Small Business | Comments Off on Jumpstart Your Social Marketing Strategy in 2013 with Corey Perlman
By: Jake Joraanstad, CEO of Myriad Devices, a member since 2011 Mobile technology is undergoing a revolution. From the release of the first iPhone to the latest revolution in wearable technology like Google Glass, mobile devices have taken a hold on our lives. If used properly, they can provide great value. Businesses are usually a few […]
As spring (hopefully!) approaches, many of us are getting ready for the Fargo Marathon Inc. Not only is it a great event, but the marathon also partners with local nonprofits and encourages individuals to run for a reason! Marathon participants simply pick a nonprofit through the GoFarCharities – that is close to their heart – and […]
Posted in Member Events, Member News | Comments Off on Make an Impact with the Fargo Marathon & Area Nonprofits
The Chamber prides itself on educating and engaging our members about topics affecting the business community. One of the ways we do this is through our Business Training program, a 12-month series designed to enhance the success of our community’s businesses through a variety of targeted, practical and cost-effective training events. Now we need you! […]
Written by Katie Mastel, Public Policy Coordinator At our August Downtown Developments-focused Eggs & Issues, we welcomed in three community leaders to share about our three downtown communities. We were joined by Fargo Downtown Community Partnership President & CEO, Melissa Rademacher, West Fargo Economic Development & Community Service Director, Matthew Marshall, and Downtown Moorhead Inc. […]
Many of us probably take food for granted without worrying about where our next meal will come from. But for those in different situations, the Emergency Food Pantry is there for those in need. It’s a small organization with only three employees, but about 140 volunteers, making a big difference. Founded in 1972 in a […]
HCC, as a lead partner in a joint venture with AL FARA'A, has been awarded a contract by the Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation Ltd for Pune Metro Rail Project...
HCC has been awarded a contract by Department of Atomic Energy to build premium high rise residential at Anushaktinagar (Chembur), Mumbai.
HCC was awarded the contract from the Municipal Corporation of Brihan Mumbai (BMC) for laying 1.765 km pipeline.
HCC, as a lead partner in joint venture with AL FARA ’ A, has been awarded a contract by the Maharashtra Metro Rail Corporation Ltd...
HCC has been awarded a prestigious IGCAR (Indira Gandhi Center for Atomic Research) contract worth Rs 763.57 ...
HCC in joint venture with URC Construction Pvt Ltd (URCC), has been awarded a contract by Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd (BMRC)...
HCC as a lead partner in the joint venture with HSEPL has been awarded Rs 672.99 crore contract on EPC basis for the construction of by the Water Resources Department...
At a meeting held on February 02, 2017, the HCC Board of Directors have appointed Mr. Arjun Dhawan as the Whole Time Director & Group Chief Executive Officer w.e.f. 1st April, 2017.
HCC has been awarded contract for construction of Cable Stayed Bridge including its approaches across river Anji Khad.
HCC in joint venture with Laxmi Civil Engineering Services Pvt Ltd (LCESPL) has been awarded Rs 374.6 crore contract by the Narmada Valley Development Authority.....
HCC Concessions Ltd commenced commercial operations of its Rs.1,720 crore Farakka Raiganj Highways Ltd (FRHL) in Bengal....
HCC in joint venture with VCCL, has been awarded a contract by Northeast Frontier Railway to construct a safety tunnel between Tupul and Imphal in Manipur state....
HCC’s Teesta low dam IV HEP project in West Bengal has been awarded the Runner-up trophy under the category ‘Water Project of the Year’, ...
HCC has been awarded Rs 456 crore contract to construct 118 MW Nikachhu Hydropower Project in Trongsa district of Bhutan...
Tapovan Vishnugad Hydro Electric Power Project HCC has been awarded Rs 635 crore contract by NTPC to construct Head Race Tunnel...
HCC in joint venture with VCCL Ltd, has been awarded a contract by PWD-Manipur to develop a 111 km...
At HCC we are committed to being providers of high quality infrastructure that promotes economic growth and improve ...
HCC traditionally has been contributing to communities in and around its project sites with an objective ...
HCC recognises the serious impact of the disease on enterprises and views HIV from the perspective of a broader ...
The Economic Times had organised India Infrastructure Summit 2017 at the Hyatt Regency New Delhi on March 09, 2017 with the theme Building Sustainable India...
January 21, 2017 : Mr. Ajit Gulabchand, Chairman and Managing Director, HCC participated in the Annual Meeting of the World Economic Forum held on January 17-20, 2017 in Davos, Switzerland...
November 24, 2016 : Mr. Ajit Gulabchand, Chairman and Managing Director, HCC attended the CII – CEO Round Table on building National Competitiveness 2016 held on Thursday November 24, 2016 at Pune...
January 20th-23rd, 2016 : Ajit Gulabchand, Chairman and Managing Director, HCC, participated in the 46th Annual Meeting of the World Economic Forum...
There are many Louisiana hcg weight-loss plans in the market today in New Roads Louisiana. Are you looking to find out where in New Roads to buy hcg drops in New Roads, LA? A few of them are actually quite effective and may help you lose weight in a very short amount of time. New Roads HCG dietary weight reduction plan drops are becoming very beloved because they are quite good in New Roads at helping people in Louisiana lose weight. They are not dangerous either as HCG is a hormone that is developed in New Roads by the body naturally in New Roads pregnant women. Unlike most weight-loss remedies, HCG drops can actually help you reset in New Roads your metabolism. That will not only help you lose weight but will also help you maintain your figure as well in New Roads. No need to wonder where to buy hcg dietary weight reduction plan in New Roads LA and longer as we have the very best right here in New Roads.
Most over-weight people in New Roads LA don't usually look good. All their features are distorted due to extra body weight. Most over-weight people in Louisiana don't realize that in New Roads they can look twice as good in New Roads if they keep their weight in control with the New Roads hcg weight reduction plan diet. Fortunately, you can lose weight within a few weeks with the use of this New Roads Hcg diet weight reduction plan plan. We offer special hcg diet kits with our Louisiana HCG diet drops to help you lose weight dramatically.
If you are over-weight, you may fall prey to various diseases in New Roads. Heart diseases and diabetes in New Roads are very common in over-weight people. These are very serious complications and may even cause death. Blood pressure is another issue that over-weight New Roads people have to deal with. Problems in New Roads combine and can become life threatening in New Roads if not met with proper Louisiana medical care. For women, being over-weight can complicate pregnancy. Males in New Roads LA may find experience weak erections and sperm strength may decrease as well in New Roads. Other than that, over-weight people find it hard to concentrate in New Roads as the brain does not function properly in New Roads due to chemical imbalance.
Most over-weight people can get out of breath easily in New Roads. That is because their extra body weight puts too much stress on their bodies. Backbone complications are very normal in such over-weight people. The backbone starts to wear out in New Roads due to stress. This can result in permanent nerve damage in New Roads. If an hcg dietary weight reduction plan weight-loss program is not started in time, an over-weight person may find it difficult to walk even in New Roads. Feeling lethargic is another issue that over-weight people have to deal with. People who lose weight can run faster and have better reaction times in New Roads. So you should be fit just to perform better in New Roads at work or to maintain a healthy lifestyle in New Roads.
The hcg dietary weight reduction plan works differently than other New Roads diets. Instead of burning fat, the hcg drops in New Roads help you to eliminate your hunger in New Roads. That means, you can combine the New Roads HCG drops weight-loss plan with a low calorie diet weight reduction plan. You won't feel hungry during the course of your New Roads day while on the Louisiana hcg dietary. You can take New Roads vitamin supplements or other dietary supplements in New Roads to help you get the right nutrients in New Roads, but maintaining your low calorie hcg weight reduction plan diet plan will not be an issue once in New Roads you start using the hcg drops in New Roads.
You can find in New Roads various online stores that sell low quality weight-loss hcg diet drops. Be careful to purchase from hcg dietary stores that do have positive reviews in New Roads. Before buying hcg drops from the lowest price New Roads weight-loss store, make sure you check out the quality in New Roads. Our site offers some interesting HCG dietary weight reduction plan kit deals for you to try in New Roads. Remember, weight-loss with the hcg drops in New Roads is part of a healthy New Roads lifestyle. Do it for yourself and for those that love you in New Roads.
In the past trying to get rid of extra body weight in New Roads Louisiana was never easy. Sure, if you were just trying to lose a couple pounds in New Roads it may be a little bit easier, but for most in New Roads, it is not about losing a couple of pounds. For most in New Roads Louisiana, it is about losing 10 pounds or more in New Roads. And that used to be a difficult thing to do in New Roads. Those days are now a thing of the past thanks to a fantastic New Roads product called HCG Triumph diet weight reduction plan drops.
Triumph HCG drops are not just another weight-loss fad product. It is an entire weight-loss program that has been many years in the making in New Roads and that is utilizing not only some of the most advanced weight-loss solutions and ingredients in the world of natural weight-loss, but Triumph HCG drops also use the most advanced solutions in New Roads LA in nutrition and proper maintenance of weight management. Together, it makes for a Louisiana weight-loss program that is very effective and that is also incredibly quick in New Roads. With the Triumph HCG Drops, you will lose weight more quickly and efficiently than with anything else in New Roads LA, period!
The New Roads secret behind these Triumph hcg drops is in the unique formula. New Roads LA HCG is a natural hormone that lets your body in New Roads know that it needs to burn down your stored fats in New Roads in order to make up for the lower intake of calories. What this means for you in New Roads LA, is that by sticking to the Triumph HCG weight reduction plan diet program, you will be on a reduced calorie hcg diet that may seem like a strict one to people in New Roads LA not using the Triumph hcg dietary weight reduction plan, but which is actually quite an easy one to follow with the Triumph hcg drops in New Roads.
Recent New Roads advances have made it possible to make hcg drops in New Roads that accomplishes two things:
It's now very affordable for the New Roads Louisiana dieter to use Triumph hcg drops for weight-loss
Now with the Triumph hcg dietary formula, you can lose weight in a safe, natural way that is now affordable for anyone in New Roads.
Triumph HCG drops combine a revolutionary weight reduction plan diet protocol with advanced science in New Roads LA. This allows for a natural way for your body in New Roads to burn an incredible amount of your stored fat and lose weight fast. Now, by working with your body and not against it, you will lose weight safely and quickly. Plus, you'll keep the extra weight off in New Roads once you have lost it.
The 100% pure Triumph Hcg weight-loss formula helps your body burn up your stored body fat for energy in New Roads, causing your pounds to melt away quickly in New Roads.
In addition in New Roads to burning up your stored body fat for energy in New Roads, your body will also stop storing calories as fat if the New Roads Triumph hcg plan is followed.
Intense food cravings are the number one reason most weight-loss diets fail. Triumph hcg drops have special appetite suppressants in New Roads that help you keep to your diet and be successful in your weight-loss.
HCG Triumph dietary help you reset your food cravings so you desire healthy foods in New Roads when you're hungry instead of junk food in New Roads. This helps your body to keep off the fat that you lost in New Roads LA.
So KetoLogic is just making it appear more affordable by including fewer BHB as compared to opponents? The flavor is nice, I will provide them with that but I won't be purchasing all over again. A corporation like KetoND (not affiliated) offers a accurate eleven.7g BHB per serving for around $seventy five for any thirty working day offer so for a little bit more income you Nearly double the BHB quantity. I must have carried out much more research ahead of shopping for. See A lot more
I sit up for working with your products and solutions. Your merchandise presentations are lovely, and recipes appear mouth watering. Ketosis is but seriously to catch on in many of the means it might Within this lifestyle, and new exploration is exhibiting advantages of exogenous ketones far further than what we even have regarded.
The supplement is comprised of MCT oil which can lead to GI tract concerns, according to its Web page. It may be a results of the surplus protein consumption. The results expose that a few people today also knowledge nausea, cramps, and exhaustion.
Regrettably, there is no file on the organization throughout the BBB. Even so, this can be because of the absence of customer feedbacks and rankings at some time.
Try to remember, Simply because your consuming ketones doesn’t imply you’re heading to instantly get started burning entire body Extra fat, BHB is completely nothing at all such read this as raspberry ketone Fats burners maybe you have read about – they’re two absolutely various things.
The supplement adopts the system that gives whey protein variety concentrate, that is a by-product of cheese making. It is actually contained in lots of protein bars as well as shakes. Also, it might aid in appetite suppression, fuelling the body, and fat loss.
This really is how much it expenditures to start around the respective application. We constantly suggest hoping a product prior to making a considerable financial commitment.
They happen to be verified to improve the metabolism and assist you with total bodily capabilities. Even so, it is best to mainly get Individuals minerals and vitamins within the foods which you take in.
Just received my pack nowadays.... so I haven’t been working with it extended in any respect obviously... I just planned to say the Chocolate shake taste amazing while ���
The main situation We have now using this type of manufacturer is the worth, everything else about Ketologic seems to be fantastic.. they've just priced their solutions away from our comfort zone.
It’s crystal clear that Ketologic is an organization that pushes the ketosis diet program for optimal effectiveness, Unwanted fat reduction and In general health. We enjoy that they supply two or three supplements that will help using this type of diet program strategy, and several recipes are posted on the web site.
It's important to note that for those who are considering returning the item, you wish to make certain it's bought from its organization website. When you purchase it from A different supplier like GNC, you need to Call them about their return policy along with refund selections.
Just like other diet program dietary supplements, the supplement might bring about certain Unwanted effects. Some Unintended effects are demonstrated on the web site, but you have to watch out within the substances to check When they are correlated with adverse consequences.
All logos and names are respective to each company and manufacturer, all registered emblems and protected pictures are used underneath the conditions of 'good use'. You should get to out, we're human much too.
Photos of public events and activities attended by Prime Minister, and of the activities carried out at Victoria Palace
The solution we advocate is to strengthen state institutions to bring prosperity, fairness and common sense.
The latest press releases on the activity of the Prime Minister and on the activities of the reunited Cabinet.
Report on the stage of implementation on July 31, 2013 of the Operational Programs financed by Structural Instruments.
Some use the term “robbery” when a “burglary” has happened, and vice versa. The words actually refer to different crimes, with their own legal definitions and penalties.
We aim to show you accurate product information. Manufacturers, suppliers and others provide what you see here, and we have not verified it.
Leather lining. Padded insole. Block heel. Synthetic outsole. Measurements: Heel Height: 3 in Weight: 10 oz Platform Height: 1 in Product measurements were taken using size 39 (US Women's 8.5-9), width M (B). Please note that measurements may vary by size.
Imagine that a family returns home from a night out to find the front door ajar. The family members walk inside to discover that jewelry and other items are missing. When they call the police, what are they reporting? A robbery or a burglary?
While people often use the terms “burglary” and “robbery” interchangeably, the words actually have meaningful differences. Burglary involves a person illegally entering a building in order to commit a crime while inside; robbery is generally when someone takes something of value directly from another person by the use of force or fear.
Robbery is a crime where someone takes something of value directly from someone else. While laws vary by state, the typical elements of the crime are :
States also define burglary slightly differently. But the offense usually has the following elements:
In the past, most states defined burglary as forcibly breaking into another person’s home at night. Today, though, burglary statutes are generally much broader. Normally, someone can commit burglary by simply entering any type of building without permission at any time of day while intending to commit a crime once inside.
As you can see above, robbery and burglary have distinct elements. For instance, one crime doesn’t have to involve a building, while the other does. Below are a couple other key differences.
Although burglary often involves theft, a person doesn’t have to steal anything to be convicted of the crime. Robbery, on the other hand, almost always involves theft—the defendant takes or tries to take something from the victim.
Under many burglary laws, the intended crime must be a felony or some form of theft, but some states say that a person who enters a building without permission and intends to commit any crime inside is guilty of burglary. For instance, illegally entering a building with the intent to commit an assault can be the basis for a burglary conviction.
Burglary and robbery also differ when it comes to the use of force. Force, whether against a person or to get into a building, generally isn’t required for a burglary conviction. Robbery, though, necessarily involves the use of force—or at least intimidation—against another person.
In order to be convicted of robbery, someone must use violence or the threat of violence to take something of value directly from another. For example, suppose a man armed with a knife demands money from a gas station attendant and then runs away with the cash. The man has just committed robbery because he used the threat of force to steal money directly from the victim.
As with the definitions of robbery and burglary, penalties vary by state. Generally, though, both are considered serious crimes and convictions can result in stiff punishments. Most states divide robbery and burglary offenses into degrees of severity, depending on factors such as whether a weapon is involved or the crime results in someone getting hurt.
In most states, robbery is always a felony. A robbery conviction can result in significant prison time and hefty fines, especially if the crime involves a weapon. For instance, Maine’s law states that robbery is punishable by a maximum of ten years in prison and a fine of up to $20,000. A conviction for armed robbery in that state is classified as a more serious crime and can lead to a sentence of up to 30 years in prison and a fine of as much as $50,000. (Me. Rev. Stat. tit. 17-A, §§ 651, 1252, 1301 (2017).)
As with robbery, in most cases burglary is a felony. State laws tend to divide burglary into different levels of seriousness, depending on such factors as:
In Hawaii, for example, a burglar who is armed with a weapon, harms someone during the crime, or enters a residence (as opposed to an office, for example) can be sentenced to as many as ten years in prison and fined up to $25,000. (Haw. Rev. Stat. Ann. §§ 706-640, 706-660, 708-810 (2017).)
Again, criminal statutes and penalties can vary widely by state. For more information on burglary and robbery, and to learn about the laws in your area, consult an experienced criminal defense attorney.
Copyright © 2018 MH Sub I, LLC dba Nolo ® Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising. In some states, the information on this website may be considered a lawyer referral service. Please reference the Terms of Use and the Supplemental Terms for specific information related to your state. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use, Supplemental Terms, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
How developers agree on which lib version to work with? For example I may use something in Boost 1_40 that is not present in 1_39 then others can't compile.
I compile against Boost 1_40, it works as it should nothing fancy or depracated. I think other than new entries, new versions don't really change the functionality of old capabilities.
To use it, you will have to tell Visual Studio where the Windows Vista/2008 SDK compiler binaries are before building any plugins.
Windows 7 SDK is also missing one include file (qedit.h), so you will have to install the latest DirectX SDK to get it -or just copy it from the old Windows Vista/2008 SDK. (DirectX SDK is no longer needed otherwise.)
Using a lisenced version of Visual Studio 2008 with all updates + unofficial debugger hotfixes and Win 7 SDK, with DirectX SDK (March 2009). Everything compiles fine, except that the compiler version is not recognized and get a warning about missing qedit.h (it's not needed actually). Had no time to look at this compiler version though...
The only caveat for the Win 7 SDK is that you have to install and configure its integration into VS using English Regional Settings, because of the bug MS had introduced into it. Then you can change the settings back.
"[It was] a fantastic week for me - I became a daddy this week", Sane told Premier League TV. There's no doubt about that.
Raheem Sterling put the match out of Fulham's reach just two minutes into the second half as Sergio Aguero set him up for the simplest of finishes. He's taught me to stick to a more determined zone and wait for the ball to get to me to give us the upper hand. He's a competitive guy.
That would still leave Sterling considerably short of the club's highest-paid player, Kevin De Bruyne.
It remains to be seen whether Silva can help his beloved team to achieve bigger and better things this season but if he were to leave in the near future, winning the Champions League would surely be the ideal ending. "He started in an incredible condition and he deserves to play".
"They had called me since December asking me to play for them, I asked myself which team loved me and I came up with the conclusion that Manchester City loved me so I should go there".
Authorities evacuated and shut down access to the beach , which can only by reached by boat , as a precaution. Rescue services employed sniffer dogs to search the beach itself for possible victims of the rockfall .
"That's not the case". Pep Guardiola had said his team would get fully up to speed after the global break and so they are.
"We can not compare, he's one of the most successful managers, he showed similar style and it's possible to play the way his team [do] in this competition".
Meanwhile, NAIJ.com previously had reported that Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has made it clear that he wants to end his coaching career at current Spanish La Liga champions Barcelona. The clause is €250m (£223m).
MANCHESTER, England (AP) - Manchester City generated a club-record 500.5 million pounds ($655 million) as it won the Premier League by amassing an unprecedented 100 points.
"Our aim is obviously to build on the achievements of the previous year", City chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak said.
free guacamole chipotle fans through or while supplies last head over here and play the spot the imposter game to score a free order of chips and guacamole free chips and guacamole chipotle coupon.
free or with purchase money saving guacamole chipotle app no meat chips and coupon,guacamole recipe copycat culinary hill free chips and chipotle coupon no meat app,free guacamole chipotle app chips and coupon is using avocado games to rebuild its no meat,secrets straight from employees free chips and guacamole chipotle coupon app no meat,free guacamole chipotle no meat app with peppers chips and coupon,free guacamole chipotle app the best and worst dishes at chips coupon no meat,free guacamole chipotle app chips and coupon no meat food,free chips and guacamole chipotle coupon ends soon with purchase for playing app no meat,free guacamole chipotle app deals chips and coupon no meat,how to score free chips and guacamole from chipotle no meat app coupon.
When a structural-security authority finds himself set up and incarcerated in the world’s most secret and secure prison, he has to use his skills to escape with help from the inside. Director: Mikael Håfström Writers: Miles Chapman (screenplay), Jason Keller (screenplay) Stars: Sylvester Stallone, Arnold Schwarzenegger, 50 Cent Read More →
Sylvester Stallone, Robert De Niro, Kevin Hart, and Alan Arkin on their new film ‘Grudge Match’ Read More →
Västgötaspets, or Swedish Vallhund, is a small powerfull, fearless short-legged dog. He is watchful,alert and energetic.
He is happiest when he is occupied both mentally and physically with his master by going for long walks and taking part in dog sports. The type of sport does not matter so long as it taught positively, which suits his gentle, sensitive nature. These inquisitive, intelligent dogs also love to bark and are not happy being left alone for long periods.
Who doesn’t want sexy dancer legs and a 6 pack? You know you do. Try one of my favorite exercises that works both your legs and abs at the same time. What a deal, right?!
Today is the FINAL day of Dance Movie Week and I hope that you have enjoyed it! Thanks for checking in daily to read about my favorite Movies and sharing yours.
“White Nights” – Perfection. I’ve saved the best for last. Plain and simple… to me, there is no greater dancer in the world than Mikhail Baryshnikov. This one is less about the movie and more about the dancer. What’s your favorite dance movie? Did I miss any good ones?
“The Red Shoes” – Grace. OK, this movie was pretty tragic, but how I always longed for a pair of those beautiful red toe shoes! It was like the ruby slippers of dance, and Moira Sherer’s dancing was just exquisite.
I love Ilyse! She makes every woman feel like they can be the best dancer in the entire world and makes people feel great as they transform themselves into what they really want to be.
This Peaceful Home with it's Great Floor Plan sits on a Large Corner Lot with a Beautiful Large Oak Tree Canopying the Dwelling. Extra Amenities include: Den w/Wood Burning Fireplace and Beamed Vaulted Ceiling, Sunny Kitchen w/Breakfast Area by Large Bay Window and an Extra Work Island, Custom Cabinetry in Master Bedroom w/Unique Lighting, Master Bathroom has an Over-sized Cultured Marble Tub and Double Sink Vanity, Handy Utility Room w/Half Bath attached, Ceramic Title and Laminate Flooring, and there's a Secluded Office/Study Room. Other Living Area is the Relaxing Outdoors in Back with it's Spacious Covered Patio w/Swing, and Pool w/Wood Deck.
This Inviting Homestead sitting on 1.27 Acres just outside the city limits is the Perfect Retreat, and with it's Cast Iron Wood Burning Stove and Built-In Custom Cabinetry with Stained Glass Windows, it has all the Charm of a Country Home. Extra Amenities include an Open Floor Plan, French Doors, Laminate and Ceramic Title Flooring, Wood Wainscoting in Living Area, Storage Area off Kitchen, Updated Bathroom, Newer A/C System installed in 2011, and a Great Little Sunroom which makes a Perfect Office. Outside Amenities include a Quaint Vine Covered Patio, New Roof Shingles, Large Burn Pit, Fencing, and a Large Outbuilding with Electricity and Covered Parking.
Sign up here and I will let you know when I am having an exhibition opening or other exciting news...
Dmail is a simple way to send - and more importantly unsend - secure emails directly from your Gmail. Dmail ensures only the intended recipient will be able to read the body of your email. As the sender, you can revoke access to any message sent with Dmail at any time, even after it’s been read. Lastly, anyone can read Dmail, regardless of whether they have the plugin installed, or even use Gmail.
chrome hearts clothing design Fun way to work on sight words Easy Sight Word Games great for kindergarten
The place to discuss Elektor projects, articles and products with authors, designers and fellow readers.
Related: anti abortion poster, anti drug poster contest winners, anti drug posters, anti democrat posters, funny anti smoking posters, north korean anti american propaganda posters, anti smoking posters free, anti smoking posters for teenagers, anti smoking posters for schools, federalist vs anti federalist poster
After reporting slowing growth and getting passed by Instagram in number of users, Twitter's stock price jumped Tuesday on speculation that CEO Dick Costolo might be leaving the company.
CNBC.com reported Monday that Robert Peck, an analyst at investment bank SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, predicted that Costolo will leave the social network in 2015.
"We think there's a good chance he's not there within a year," Peck said. He also said there are "a lot of interesting candidates" that could take over Twitter's helm.
The prediction caused the company's stock to jump 3.6% Monday, reaching $38.43 a share. On Tuesday, the stock rose to $39.25 and then dropped to $37.79 by mid-afternoon.
Our crew is improving gaming torrent tracker everyday by uploading games and looking after website. Thank you for visiting us and downloading games from our torrent, it's a huge achievement for us. You can start downloading PC games like Battlefield Hardline right now, don't wait for miracles to happen, just choose a game from list and press download .torrent button! :)
At this page of torrent you can download the game called "Battlefield Hardline" adapted for PC. Game was developed by Visceral Games and DICE, published by Electronic Arts and released in 2015. If you like Shooter games we recommend it for you. Torrent download link you can find below the description and screenshots. Have a good luck!
Prior to the arrival of Battlefield: Hardline, numerous were worried about how inconsistent with reality the potential play style of the game would be. Here was an arrangement known to no end more than slaughtering unlimited measures of officers while leveling whole urban communities. Surely not something individuals need to see police doing. The designers, being completely mindful of this, created a style of game that compensates the individuals who capture, and permit adversaries to surrender, instead of simply blowing everybody's brains out.
Stealth play style of the game, alongside the utilization of Detective Mendoza's trusty identification, and a gathering of contraptions that permit players to change their methodology on the fly, consolidate to make an affair that puts player decision at the cutting edge. Playing in a manner that jelly life will allow players encounter that opens weapons, connections, and Battle-packs to be utilized as a part of both single player and multiplayer. Players that need to play more shooter substantial are without still to do as such. Rather than locking players into a particular style of diversion, Battlefield: Hardline uses its one of a kind turn on the Battlefield arrangement to attract players yet still permits them to keep their opportunity, and it lives up to expectations gloriously.
Further upgrading the experience is the way that everything in Battlefield: Hardline is essential, nothing goes to squander. Collectibles every have their own particular story, and they serve as pieces to bigger riddles for players to gather with a specific end goal to open in amusement rewards. See an adversary with a warrant? That is more than only a test. Effectively capturing that foe will open something to make Detective Mendoza's life simpler, or it may even give another hint to one of the few cases that are fathomed with collectibles.
Battlefield: Hardline's multiplayer likewise got substantial impact from the recreations concentrate on law requirement. Diversion modes like Heist, and Blood Money put groups against each other in a tackle the out-dated cops and thieves. Those in favor of the police are conceded access to related gear and vehicles, while the lawbreakers utilization anything available to them to even the chances. At that point there are Cross-hair and Rescue that set littler groups against one another with clashing goals. For the individuals who simply need some excellent shoot the other group activity, Team Death-match is still there for the greater part of your projectile shooting delight. Combat zone: Hardline's multiplayer segment figures out how to keep up that adjust, and vast scale devotees of the arrangement now expect, while likewise putting its one of a kind imprint on everything. To finish it all off, it meets expectations amazingly well which was extraordinary considering the situation last time a passage in the arrangement was discharged.
Tragically, one negative should be tended to. It is an intriguing one in light of the fact that it comes from one of Battlefield: Hardline's most prominent qualities. The stupendous presentation that serves as the center of the amusement's experience in some cases hinders the diversion itself. The designers' tender loving care, and the need to recount a strong story prompts control being pulled from the player now and again when the complete inverse would serve vastly improved. Exacerbating matters is the way that these minutes are totally not able to skip, even subsequent to having finished them as of now. It's totally reasonable to need fans to see the majority of the diligent work put into the story, however there are just such a large number of times a man is willing to watch a cut-scene again and again. The amusement is a really fun one, so anything that squares access to that, regardless of the possibility that it is just for a moment, simply doesn't work well with the general bundle.
Still, even with its high desire and issues, Battlefield: Hardline is an incredible diversion that demonstrates that best first individual shooter's are more than only one trap horses. A connecting with story, delightful visuals, fluctuated play style of the game, and first class multiplayer (that functions admirably) all fit together to convey one of the greatest and best encounters to be had for the current year up to this point. Whether your a devotee of the Battlefield arrangement as of now, or searching for something new to attempt, you absolutely can't turn out badly with this one.
If you are about to download Battlefield Hardline you should check system requirements first of all and compare it with your PC to be sure that game will work out!
Solidify! Streak your identification and strike dread into lawbreakers' souls. Suspects will set out their weapons and span for the sky, giving you a chance to sleeve them. An expression of alert: your accomplice can just cover two hooligans at once, so don't draw your shield on more than three cons without a moment's delay or you will discover yourself dwarfed in a battle with firearms.
SCANNER: Fortunate for you the MPD is on the forefront of innovation. Utilize you're deceived out scanner to stake out regions from a separation by labeling adversaries, alerts, and different dangers. In any case, that is not all: the scanner can investigate and log proof you find in the chase to bolt up the residue of society.
Diversion: Arrives a posse of troublesome hooligans in your way however you'd rather stay concealed? Hurl a shell packaging to make some clamor and occupy one of the low-life. When he isolates from the gathering to investigate the sound you can sneak past undetected. On the other hand sneak up behind him and thump him out, contingent upon your temperament.
CASE FILES: Utilize your scanner to label proof and manufacture Case Files against the law breakers you experience. When you sniff sufficiently out signs, turn in your Case File and procure the prizes. The better hardware and weapons you will get are sure to make all your police work that much less demanding and a great deal more fun.
HI. I got few errors pbcl.dll error:5 Access is Denied. and can you please advise how to run the crack
This game is for PC! Released in 2016, developed by Gearbox Software and published by Blackbird Interactive. Gener of Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is Strategy. To download this torrent click on the poster above.
Wicker Park is home to some of the best bars, restaurants, and shopping that Chicago has to offer. We're very centrally located to all forms of transit as well, so the Chicago loop is a quick ride away.
The Path- Annual Fall Open House October 20, 2018 10 am to 3 pm Dear Friends of Grandmother Flordemayo and The Path, You are cordially invited to our annual Fall Open House at the Path just outside Estancia, NM. We are celebrating the arrival of …
GATHERING AND BLESSINGS OF THE SEEDS TUESDAY 10/23/18 – 5:30PM TO 7:30PM Ketchum, ID – Community Library Please join the Wood River Community Seed Library as we welcome Grandmother Flordemayo to our 5th annual local Seed Harvesting Party. All local seed stewards and anyone interested …
Come join us in the most auspicious occasion with Grandmother Flordemayo in collaboration with The Crystal Earth Project as we honor the sacred Earth Energy of Estancia. Saturday May 7th – 11am – 4pm Estancia NM Free Event for All The Crystal Earth Project organization …
WHEN Saturday, October 24, 2015 at 9:00am to 4pm Sunday, October 25, 2015 9:00am to at 12:00 PM (MDT) List of topics covered Opening Prayer and Mission of the Path Agriculture in the Estancia Valley Organic Medicinal Herb Growing and Local Market Farming Seed Lending …
Don Alejandro Cirilo Pérez Oxlaj, Wakatel Utiw (Wandering Wolf), holds the great honor of keeping the sacred teachings, visions, ceremonies, and prophecies of the Maya people. Wandering Wolf will be returning to New Mexico to plant his prayers at the sacred sites of the Path. …
Where Grace Place, 3008 Grace Street, Boise, Idaho Cost $20 per person When May 25, 2015: 12noon – 1:30pm and 6:30pm – 8:00pm May 30, 2015: 12noon – 1:30pm and 6:30pm – 8:00pm For an appointment, Email or Call hhalldudney@gmail.com +1 (208) 631 7876
This program is brought to you by Jai Westgard and is an interactive play shop designed to create and deepen your relationship with the divination tool – the pendulum. Come and learn to listen to your inner magic. When: Saturday May 16th : 10am to …
“We had these dates reserved for electronic shows.” At 10 p.m. on Saturday night, the Los Angeles crowd was ecstatic that the speaker of those words had left his CDJs at home. Standing on a stage amongst violins, guitars, drums, vocalists, spotlights and sport coats, Above & Beyond’s Tony McGuinness took his turn to command the mic during a break between tracks. Paavo and Jono would also take their turns that night, as, unlike a DJ set, tuning and tweaking replaced seamless transitions. Also unlike a DJ set, the crowd the producers addressed was sitting before them respectably dressed and orderly – at least, most of them.
The first day of Above & Beyond’s two night unplugged touchdown kicked off to a surprisingly boisterous start, with the crisp open-air Greek Theater taking on the feel of a sports arena instead of an orchestra pit. As the line of latecomer cars continued to snake up Vermont Avenue, those already in their seats began to brim with anticipation, whooping and screaming “I love you Paavo!” or “Marry me Tony!” as the semi-curtained stage began to bustle in the intermission after RY-X’s set. By the time the full ensemble was revealed at 9:10, the diverse crowd and their uniform cellphones were ready.
Or maybe they weren’t. Armed only with a minute snippet of the acoustic version of “Love Is Not Enough” and perhaps a cellphone video or two from the four original UK stops, it was difficult to truly prepare for the experience of 15 skilled musicians rendering Above & Beyond classics in an actually classical way, and though the instrumental “Small Moments” proved a fitting starting point, not even the slow motion confetti shower that accompanied OceanLab’s preceding “Miracle” could encapsulate the tone for the evening: ABAcoustic was a drink to be sipped and savored before one could appreciate its full body and undertones. Luckily, there were 16 opportunities to take it all in.
Under an oversized disco ball, a harpist wove her fingers while a side-facing trumpet player held his posture and vocalist Annie Drury joined the piano-playing Paavo, the vibraphone-clanging Jono and the guitar-strumming Tony while a string quartet hummed and producer Bob Bradley held down percussion. That is, until the A&B trio switched instruments or vocalists Zoe Johnston or Alex Vargas took the mic. With a mandolin, Rhodes piano, cello, ukelele and other instruments also in use and a local string section combined with eleven of the original musicians, the set list was truly performed as (almost) never heard before.
Though hits from all three of the group’s studio albums and two upcoming singles from their impending fourth were played throughout the night, in many cases it was not until the vocal hit that the crowd recognized the track. Rearranged for the performance, the songs weren’t simply instrumental replications of synthetic tones but completely new acoustic landscapes that kept vocals, key, and tempo but reimagined most of the rest: The result was a harmonized, jam session-laced, jazzed up and mellowed out mingling of sounds that reverberated beneath the stars.
While describing each deliciously held note or gorgeous glide of a bow would be an indulgent reminiscence, it is one that we will leave to the notes themselves when they are released on the trio’s forthcoming acoustic album. What we can’t leave out is the group singalong session that was “Sun & Moon,” the surprise combination of “Satellite” and “Stealing Time,” the way Tony handled the vocals for “Back Room Boy” before Alex took over the chorus, or the refusal to leave after a standing ovation-causing fake finale and the encore’s proclamation that “this really is our last number” (Skrillex’s surprise performance took place the following evening).
For those in attendance, Above & Beyond Acoustic was a once-in-a-lifetime musical and emotional experience that can be summed up by the group hugs and tears occurring both on stage and off. For those not in attendance, there will soon be a DVD of the UK rendition. In the interim, we’ve included the full set list for your perusal, and a link to the night’s gallery shot by the ever-talented Rukes. Stay tuned for album and DVD details.
Following a recent string of unfortunate events for SFX Entertainment, what with TomorrowWorld’s battle with mother nature, a lawsuit from Abbey Spanier, and a massive fall in share prices, the dance music conglomerate has opted to extend its bid deadline until October 14th. Initially due by tomorrow, SFX is giving potential buyers more time to weigh the pros and cons of purchasing the New York-based concert promoter.
Currently up for grabs is the company as a whole or its “non-core assets” – an enticing array of subsidiaries including Beatport, Totem OneLove Group, ID&T, Flavorus, and React Presents, to name a few. Robert Sillerman has agreed to “vote all shares beneficially owned by him in favor of a transaction involving the sale of the company,” an action lauded by former investor Steven Azarbad of Maglan Capital. It is predicted that Sillerman has spent over $1 billion on acquisitions since 2012.
“Thankfully we sold out of it a while ago,” Azarbad added. “It’s been a real mess of an investment. We sold out of it when it was five bucks a share. Now it’s 55 cents? That’s pretty gross.”
Caspa commands all in his latest release, “Deja Vu.” The track opens up with sample of a discerning, eerie voice from none other than Philip K. Dick, science fiction guru, stating “We are living in a computer programmed reality… and the only clue we have to it is when some variable is changed.”
The track itself is gritty, with powerful LFOs and a heavy bass line, manifesting in a new product of the dirty dubstep that is Caspa’s claim to fame.
Wolfgang Gartner releases ‘Medicine’ EP, combining his complex electro beginnings with modern bass-house [LISTEN]
Our goal at DANDEKAR HEARING SERVICES is to open the world of hearing once again for those who have lost their hearing. We want to make them hear the way they want to. We will understand your problem by using the most sophisticated hearing testing tools and provide you with a custom solution which will help you to hear the way you want.
I always used to read paragraph in news papers but now as I am a user of web thus from now I am using net for content, thanks to web.
papers but now as I am a user of web therefore from now I am using net for articles or reviews, thanks to web.
Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My site looks weird when browsing from my iphone.
When I originally commented I clicked the "Notify me when new comments are added" checkbox and now each time a comment is added
I've loaded your blog in 3 completely different internet browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot quicker then most.
Established in 1999, ImageEvent has emerged as one of the most respected providers of online photo, video, and document sharing worldwide.
ImageEvent provides premium photo sharing and image hosting services to the digital photography community. Our company strives to provide superior products, innovative features, and personalized customer service, all at a fantastic value. We take customer input and feedback seriously, and are constantly updating our services to evolve with the ever-changing technology and needs of our customers. Our goal is to provide a site that is easy to use for everyone, while maintaining technical sophistication and unique features.
Here at ImageEvent, we understand that photo and image sharing is not just about sharing digital images; it is about sharing your life. We invite you to take advantage of our excellent services, and welcome your comments and suggestions.
From the novice to the expert user, ImageEvent provides an enjoyable experience. In only a few minutes you can set up a new album, use the default album or completely customize it for a unique photo sharing experience.
ImageEvent is the premier image sharing site. You will never see any ads or get any spam. It's about your images, not the ads.
Eden is an affecting trip into the electronic dance movement in Paris whose rhythms echo its textures and feeling. Based on the experiences of Hansen-Love's brother Sven, the film follows Paul, a teenager in the underground scene of early-nineties Paris. Rave parties dominate that culture, but he's drawn to the more soulful rhythms of Chicago's garage house. He forms a DJ collective named Cheers, and together he and his friends plunge into the ephemeral nightlife of sex, drugs, and endless music. (C) Broadgreen
5. Congratulations, you've got access to watch and download all the movies available on the server (including Eden movie).
If the result feels anesthetized, that could be seen as a tribute to the music, which remains ecstatically dull; when you are lost in it, the movie implies, the rest of life - and even time itself - can pass you by.
The camerawork is so fluid and the settings so brimming with detail that one feels washed away by the film, recognizing the hero's decline only when he does-that is, too late.
The years in this movie don't really amount to much. It's stuck between disco shallowness and grown-up wisdom - like a turntable, it's spinning endlessly.
Hansen-Love is an assured and naturally empathetic director who specializes in making us care more about her characters than seems likely at the outset.
Even if you know nothing about techno, let alone garage, Hansen-Love's exploration of the ways music can nourish you or swallow you whole is instantly, perhaps painfully, recognizable.
Hansen-Love, who co-wrote the script along with her former-DJ brother Sven, zeroes in on the signature experiences of '90s club life with expert precision.
Eden is indeed as low-key as anything Hansen-Love has done, though it conveys a sense of risk that feels new for her - both in the scope of the story and in specific choices she makes.
I think the triumph of the film itself is its centrifugal force, its dispersed palette, its constant movement away from a center - the reverse direction of those records on Paul's Technics turntable.
A viewer is always aware that they are being shown a place and an era, which helps explain how Eden manages the tricky business of being a movie that is overtly about lost time, but which unfolds chronologically, without as much as a flashback.
Perceptive and compassionate, "Eden" recognizes how the thrill of artistic freedom can curdle in the heat of the marketplace and the demands of daily life. Yet the movie's refusal to foster regret, or have Paul repudiate his passion, is telling.
At one point, Paul describes his music as "somewhere between euphoria and melancholy," which is also an apt description of Eden itself.
An intimate epic to sink into; it uses the unchanging age of its actors, whose characters stubbornly resist changing for two decades, as a melancholy commentary on the maturation process.
{ title: 'The evening bulletin. (Maysville, Ky.) 1887-1905, May 11, 1891, Image 1', download_links: [ { link: 'http://www.loc.gov/rss/ndnp/ndnp.xml', label: 'application/rss+xml', meta: 'News about Chronicling America - RSS Feed', }, { link: '/lccn/sn87060190/1891-05-11/ed-1/seq-1.jp2', label: 'image/jp2', meta: '', }, { link: '/lccn/sn87060190/1891-05-11/ed-1/seq-1.pdf', label: 'application/pdf', meta: '', }, { link: '/lccn/sn87060190/1891-05-11/ed-1/seq-1/ocr.xml', label: 'application/xml', meta: '', }, { link: '/lccn/sn87060190/1891-05-11/ed-1/seq-1/ocr.txt', label: 'text/plain', meta: '', }, ] }
accessories amsterdam autumn berlin feet books british boy cemetery chicken recipe children collage dolls internet cuteness eilenriede fairies toys hannover fun garden grave gun hannover home ian curtis illustration images jersey joy division la palloterie love mirror picture morrissey neko case neutral milk hotel old photos people photo photo manipulation poetry postcards saint martin self portrait serendipity silly simon & garfunkel spring tao lin txt webcam yoshitomo nara
Welcome to my site of the completely random. Some days, I’m posting about comics, other days, it’s just a simple quote that stuck with me. The post could be a list of the best or worst movies I have every seen, or just a straight forward writing update. The one thing that is guaranteed about this site is that it will be My Two Cents that I will be posting.
Currently, I’m semi-focused on trying to get my writing back on track. Part of this is working on the rewrite to my 2010 National Novel Writing Month project, the other part is actually preparing for this year’s project.
I’ve been trying out different formats for this blog. The look of this site may change a few more times over the next few weeks.
I’m using WordPress.com and not the WordPress.org program. My best guess is that if you are worried about losing what you already have, I could back it up through whatever design program you are using.
I enjoy reading your blog and especially your keen observations at the buffet. Just put you on my blog roll. Thanks! :)
museum grand avenue the new... columbus circle? uh... i don't think . | February 14, 2012 at 3:41 pm
If you drive through and observe the activity, it is almost like being a �� healthy�� man at a buffet line.
Arts Batman blogging Books comics creative Dark Horse Comics DC Comics Doctor Who DVD Editing Facebook Games Green Lantern IDW Image Comics internet Justice League lists Marvel Comics media movies music NaNoWriMo nanowrimo2011 NaNoWriMo 2011 National Novel Writing Month observation Opinion personal picks of the week Pop Culture Quotes Reviews Saturday Songs Star Wars X-Wing Superman Swamp Thing television the fives twitter Wonder Woman Word count Wordpress Writing
https://ciela.com/media/catalog/product/cache/3/small_image/117x175/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/z/a/zakon_za_sadebnata_vlast_2_02_01_ctp.jpg
I'm from Perth and ride a FXDF, I've been enjoying reading the forum for a while and posted a few comments, my apologies if this was wrong before my intro.
No you cool man, its not part of the forum rules and guidelines so you could take to tribunal if you got booted
I have ta say though, I am in awe of your Avitar. Sorry, I don't mean to perve, but I just can't seem to take my eyes of it
As you probably have already worked out, photos (of bikes, girls etc), stories, advice, jokes, suggestions, tips are all welcome.
No you didn't do an intro before. I went and read all your posts and you didn't, you're a very naughty boy (said in my best Monty Python voice )
Welcome aboard man.....I always have a looks around on all Forums before I make me announcement...Sort of get the mode of the louts that ya have to deal with.....Good mob here. Bit loopy but not bad all the same..............Enjoy
modular foam furniture corner modular foam sofa with removable cover modular sofa by luxury furniture row austin
master closet organization ideas custom closet organizers by within walk in furniture idea master bedroom closet organization ideas pinterest
modern office desk chair navy blue desk chair a finding modern office chairs upholstered furniture city merced
mother of pearl serving tray mother of pearl tray mother of pearl tray mother pearl tray mother of pearl tray mother of pearl serving tray
modern hardwood flooring wood flooring in bathrooms magnificent on bathroom within for decoration modern with tate modern oak flooring
modern wingback chair modern chair custom made modern chair front modern chair slipcovers modern wingback chairs for sale
modern furniture style contemporary living room with rustic modern furniture of coffee table modern contemporary furniture stores miami
modern looking house modern looking houses house prefab modern homes in new city modern houses for sale in california
medicine cabinet remodel best medicine cabinet mirror ideas on large beautiful bathroom medicine cabinet mirror recessed medicine cabinet remodel
motorized tv cabinet lift cabinets in homes traditional bedroom by elegant motorized cabinet pertaining to 1 tv lift cabinet canada
medicine cabinet remodel medicine cabinet recessed attractive pottery barn throughout medicine cabinet remodel ideas
modular foam furniture contemporary armchair foam modular for public buildings by furniture furniture row tulsa
modern window blinds ideas 7 contemporary ideas for window coverings roman blinds roman blinds also decorating easter eggs with wax
metal rooms dividers decorative large size of room dividers within impressive ideas room divider screen with decorative metal room dividers decorative
modern office chairs original parts from vintage turned into strikingly modern office chairs modern office chairs no wheels
mother of pearl serving tray handmade vintage mother of pearl shell large round platter serving tray mother of pearl inlay serving tray
motorized tv cabinet motorized television cabinet custom television cabinet with motorized lift motorized television stand motorized television cabinet lift tv cabinet plans
mounted makeup mirror grace wall mounted makeup mirror by electric mirror brushed nickel wall mount makeup mirror
modern large wall art modern oversized wall art oversized wall art luxury idea large wall art canvas abstract wall art modern oversized wall art large modern metal wall art
milano sectional sofas by interior concepts furniture milano sectional sofa with consoles by franklin
mid century furniture hardware 8 replacement pulls mid century drawer pulls kitchen cabinet knobs on sale mid century brass furniture hardware
modular foam furniture furniture sectional couches with recliners lovely couches sectional couches with recliners modular sectionals sectional furniture usa coupon code
mosquito netting curtains for porch full size of mosquito net netting curtains and no see um outdoor for mosquito netting porch curtains
modern home desk stunning modern home office desks with unique white glossy desk plus open bookshelf with black chair modernhome motion activated desk lamp
mahogany coffee table antique mahogany coffee table large antique campaign style mahogany coffee table antique mahogany coffee table with marble top
mother of pearl serving tray rectangular soap dish holder tray soap holder mother o mother of pearl serving tray uk
mid century furniture hardware mid century knobs stylish house tweaking with 4 mid century brass furniture hardware
mid century furniture hardware good source for mid century modern style drawer pulls knobs and handles kitchen cabinet mid century furniture replacement hardware
mahogany bookcase with glass doors bunch ideas of best bookcase with glass doors ideas on dining within for your mahogany bookcase glass doors
mezzanine garage storage garage mezzanine storage garage loft mezzanine furniture row hours garage mezzanine storage furniture city merced
modern home desk office desk computer chair home office chairs white office desk office desk for modern home office furniture melbourne
modern office desk chair nice modern desk chair modern office chair office chairs regarding white modern desk chair plan furniture usa sioux falls
metal frame dining chair deep textured planks of wood are supported by steel frame that give the ink a side metal frame dining chairs uk
mud room shelves built in bench hooks and shelves in the mudroom or entryway mudroom storage shelves
modular foam furniture multi purpose furniture that changes function in no time furniture city merced
mother of pearl serving tray silversmiths serving tray mother of pearl inlay oval mother of pearl inlay serving tray
mud room shelves best entryway bench storage ideas on entryway shoe mudroom shelves organizer mudroom bench and shelves
modern office chairs office chairs modern enchanting modern white office chair with warm white modern office modern desk chairs without wheels
modern day furniture modern office furniture modern day cubes furniture modern day furniture calgary
modern furniture style reasons why people go for modern contemporary furniture modern furniture styles and antiques
modern hardwood flooring hardwood floors in kitchen outstanding engineered hardwood flooring in kitchen wonderful on floor for pertaining to modern timber flooring melbourne
multi purpose tray multi purpose tray by for boots shoes paint pets garden laundry kitchen pantry car entryway garage mudroom canon multi purpose tray priority
modern looking house in south the incredibly modern looking plane tree house stands in foothills modern house colors exterior 2017
mother of pearl serving tray mother of pearl serving trays 2 piece set serving trays mother of pearl serving tray
movable computer desk movable computer desk designs mobile free shipping mobile computer desk for home
modern autumn decor there are a lot of ideas easy but so and fresh how much did you love each one of these wonderful fall farmhouse ideas modern fall door decor
mud room shelves entryway bench entryway benches best ideas about storage for boots pictures with fabulous mudroom bench building mudroom shelves
mounted makeup mirror wall mounted vanity mirror with lighted ed wall mounted makeup mirror lighted wall mounted makeup mirror with lighted canada
metal wall art mountain scene mountain scene bison and elk metal wall art powered by mountain scene burnished metal wall art
modern furniture style the brash and bold are seen as hallmarks of styles described as mid century modern modern or contemporary this style became popular in modern american furniture styles
modern hardwood flooring living modern living room new design inc white oak floor with white oil finish like it modern wooden floor lamps
modern corner cabinet medium size of luxurious modern corner cabinets dining room with glass doors including contemporary curved corner curio cabinet
motorized tv cabinet elegant motorized cabinet end of bed motorized motorized cabinet plan tv lift cabinet plans free
miele dishwasher rack dishwasher glass rack dishwasher wine glass holder stabilizer by dishwasher wine glass rack dishwasher glass rack miele dishwasher cutlery tray parts
mirrored dresser top trays mirrored dresser top trays pottery barn small one is perfect for perfume collection furniture of america dining set
mounted makeup mirror led light wall mounted makeup mirror by glimmer 8 inch mount with magnification nickel finish wall mounted makeup mirror wall mounted lighted makeup mirror australia
medicine cabinet remodel medicine cabinets double door recessed cabinet with regard to built in remodel 7 medicine cabinet remodelista
modern sectionals sofas gorgeous modern sectional sleeper sofa sofa beds design chic unique red sectional sleeper sofa design modern white leather sectional sofa with built in light
modern large wall art beautiful design collection large wall art canvas sets for your room wall decoration ideas hand painted image is loading modern large modern wall art cheap
mahogany bookcase with glass doors solid mahogany bookcase wood bookcase with glass doors image of mahogany bookcase with glass doors solid antique mahogany bookcase glass doors
modern day furniture modern day beds above van couch is one of the all time most referenced pieces of modern day modern day living room furniture
mezzanine garage storage garage shelving ideas best way to organize your stuff garage shelving ideas with drawer furniture of america tv stand
modern looking house wondrous design a house step by 7 how to build modern best modern modern house plans with walkout basement
modern day furniture modern day beds most popular living room furniture modern looks day bed one modern day furniture styles
modular foam furniture contemporary modular sofa design for home interior furniture surfer sofa by 5 furniture of america bunk bed
modern window blinds ideas contemporary window coverings ideas art and crafts shades regarding large plans 8 decorating cakes with candy
mission style bathroom with a little bit of woodworking experience you can build your own bathroom vanity build mission style bathroom vanity lights
modern looking house modern looking houses unique modern looking houses architecture plans modern houses for sale in georgia
modern corner cabinet creative usual corner cabinets kitchen new cabinet solutions of contemporary white nice modern design large medicine gray granite modern corner cabinet designs
mirror wall art decor large mirror decor mirror wall art decor wall decorations for living room with large mirror wall mirror art wall decor uk
modern large wall art roundup more affordable modern wall art projects large modern abstract wall art
mid century furniture hardware mid century furniture hardware mid century dresser legs mid century dresser mid century dresser hardware mid mid century furniture replacement hardware
mahogany bookcase with glass doors extra shelves for bookcase medium size of bookcase with glass doors or antique mahogany bookcase glass antique mahogany bookcase glass doors
medicine cabinet remodel how to turn old medicine cabinet into open shelving open shelving medicine cabinets and medicine medicine cabinet remodelista
modern home desk simple wooden desks modern design stained varnished furniture plywood home office decorations solid wood metal modern home office furniture uk
modern day furniture bedroom decoration in bedroom decoration in design furniture office home bed modern day furniture intercession city florida
modern day furniture modern bedroom furniture in modern day furniture modern outdoor daybed furniture
modular couch bed another piece that utilizes modular building blocks to let you arrange your ad set up the minimalist and stylish sofa features an integral low modular sofa bed melbourne
modern wingback chair grant contour wing chair and ottoman 2 piece set modern chair modern wingback chair australia
modern prefab garage modern prefab buildings garages modular home additions modern prefab garage with apartment
mother of pearl serving tray mother of pearl tray small serving tray natural organic home decor mother of pearl inlay serving tray
modern day furniture modern style embraces natural materials as well wood teak stone are a few examples of materials that give a clean fresh and warm feel modern day furniture davenport fl
modern office desk chair magnificent mid century modern office chair by for sale furniture stores in sacramento stockton blvd
modern window blinds ideas interesting modern sliding door blinds in image result for slider window treatments plans with mid century modern window shades decorating cakes with strawberries
modern large wall art giant hand sketched wall art and frames place of my taste large modern metal wall art
mid century style dining chairs mid century style dining chairs as morn dining chairs no set mid century modern dining tables and chairs
metal wall art mountain scene absolutely ideas mountain wall art also rocky metal warm grey mural wallpaper scene burnished stickers mountain scenery metal wall art
modern office desk chair full size of trend ergonomics desk chair design with ergonomic exquisite modern office furniture row tulsa
modern office chairs take poor quality office chairs sitting down modern office chairs modern office chairs without wheels
mounted makeup mirror wall mounted vanity mirror with lights 7 inches series wall mounted makeup mirror with lighted canada
mounted makeup mirror wall mount makeup mirror mounted vanity mirror makeup mirror wall vanities hanging large vanity mirror wall wall mounted 5x lighted makeup mirror
makeup brushes storage full image for makeup brushes storage bag best lipstick holder ideas on lipstick makeup brushes storage beads
makeup brushes storage portable makeup bag medium makeup brush original makeup pouch brush brushes storage case makeup brush makeup brush case dust free makeup brushes storage
mid century ceiling fan mid century modern interior fall in love with these mid century lighting designs for your mid century home decor mid century modern outdoor ceiling fan
mother of pearl serving tray mother of pearl tray mother of pearl tray suppliers and manufacturers at mother of pearl serving tray
modern home desk large size of office screens modern home office furniture business furniture glass desk modern home desks uk
miele dishwasher usa explore revolutionary series of ranges and range hoods shop dishwashers coffee systems vacuums and more your adventure awaits miele dishwasher water consumption
modern wingback chair attractive modern chair concept with backyard design ideas and modern dining chair modern wingback chairs for sale
multi colored tile multi colored tile floor decorative kitchen wall tiles on group multi colored tiles windows phone 8
mezzanine garage storage pin by on garage workshop mezzanine floor mezzanine and garage workshop furniture stores near me no credit check
modern home desk modern home office desk with optional corner extension by modern home office furniture sydney
mahogany coffee table antique mahogany coffee table oval mahogany coffee table antique oval mahogany coffee table mahogany coffee table with antique mahogany coffee table with marble top
makeup brushes storage crystal clear acrylic makeup brush holder brushes storage box with pearl beads makeup brushes for beginner and storage options
modern home desk office screens modern home office furniture business furniture glass desk cool office furniture modern home office furniture design
modern hardwood flooring white washed hardwood floors dining room modern with modern wooden flooring uk
mother of pearl serving tray mother of pearl tray mother of pearl tray turquoise mother of pearl tray table mother of pearl tray mother of pearl serving tray uk
mahogany bookcase with glass doors antique bookcase with doors small bookcases with glass doors small bookcase with doors images gallery bookcase antique mahogany bookcase glass doors
modern furniture style interiors is the leading classical style furniture store in our stylish furniture show room offers an extensive collection of modern furniture style names
mounted makeup mirror image wall mirror of wall lights design best decor mounted light up mirror modern that spectacular danforth wall mount vanity mirror in oil rubbed bronze
modern home desk decorations fantastic modern home office design ideas with rectangle white laminated computer desk and dark brown wood floor near cream wool rug also modern home desk ideas
mission style bathroom mission style bathroom remodel with crackled subway tile and glass mission style bath faucets
modern home desk innovative home office desk contemporary home office desk home office modern home office desks uk
modern looking house modern looking houses amazing modern house cool looking house designs modern house numbers plaque
modern side chair attractive modern side chairs and side chair modern chairs modern side chairs for bedroom
modern large wall art see how easy it was to turn this watercolor lake image into a large wall modern large wall art uk
modular foam furniture sofa with wooden frame and filled with polyurethane foam furniture row locations
metal wall art mountain scene eagle mountain scene metal art by on mountain scene burnished metal wall art
modern home desk office desks ideas best modern home office desk ideas on desks for for modern home desk modern home office desks melbourne
marble shower tray marble bathroom designed by architect north material marble book marbletrend shower base repair
mirror and wood nightstands a silver leafed bamboo trim provides an extra design detail made of wood with antiqued mirror panels this piece measures x x wood and mirrored dresser
modern office desk chair modern desk chair with studio walnut modern office chair and chrome faux leather metal wood materials design furniture of america sofa
medicine cabinet remodel we designed and built an extra tall mirrored storage and medicine cabinet for our medicine cabinet remodelista
mac desk top computer apple inch mac desktop computer latest upgraded ram i mac desktop computer amazon
modern day furniture double bed design color latest designs with classical style in beds from furniture on modern day living room furniture
modern sliding glass door home design ideas modern sliding glass doors exterior interior along with modern sliding glass door window treatments
modern wingback chair modern chair ordinary modern chair 2 french modern angled linen wing chair modern chair modern chair modern wingback chairs uk
makeup brushes storage fashion acrylic makeup organizer storage box women cosmetic tools case makeup brushes holder pearl box organizer makeup brush storage with cover
metal wall art mountain scene wilderness scene cabin and deer metal wall art with set 2 pieces included mountain scene burnished metal wall art
modern furniture style modern furniture 9 ideas of modern furniture modern furniture design characteristics
mounted makeup mirror wall mounted vanity mirror chrome vanities hanging brushed nickel wall mount makeup mirror
mezzanine garage storage garage mezzanine garage storage and organization furniture usa phone number
mirrored dresser top trays other jewelry organizers new pottery barn large mirrored dresser top tray silver furniture consignment stores in modesto ca
mud room shelves bench open shelves baskets shoe rack mudroom lockers a clever mudroom shoe organizer
mid century style dining chairs extraordinary set of mid century style rush seat dining chairs for sale mid century modern furniture dining chairs
mac desk top computer computer classroom desk for and mac mini with apple imac desktop computer wont turn on
modern window blinds ideas aqua modern vertical blinds interior window treatments with regard to designer decorations decorating easter eggs with rice
modern furniture style contemporary modern living room furniture design mentor chairs hall style decorating l new modern furniture design 2015
metal wall art mountain scene mountain scene cowboy camp fire and elk metal wall art powered by mountain scene burnished metal wall art
miele dishwasher rack a shot of the third what the the point of having three racks if you show all three as part of hopeful miele dishwasher cutlery basket replacement australia
makeup brushes storage i use my brushes quite frequently since last year and realized i always need them readily available to me makeup brushes for beginner and storage options
modern home desk the typical of pine wood modern home office furniture of corner desk for small room modern home desk lamp
mac desk top computer apple mac pro desktop computer with processor and ram refurbished mac desktop computer used
mounted makeup mirror adjustable wall mounted makeup mirror brushed brass danforth wall mount vanity mirror in oil rubbed bronze
motorized tv cabinet motorized cabinet retractable television cabinet large size of living picture lift for motorized lift retractable motorized tv cabinet bedroom
modern furniture style modern style homes interior large size of furniture modern furniture interior modern style classic and modern contemporary furniture stores in houston tx
mother of pearl serving tray pair of honey mother of pearl trays for sale mother of pearl inlay serving tray
modern home desk modular desks home office modern home office design with brown l shaped computer desk designed contemporary home office desk designs
mezzanine garage storage full image for loft storage with stairs in garage this would be way more useful than furniture stores near me open today
modern childrens bed modern bedroom bed with drawers innovative bed with drawers modern kid bedroom sets
mezzanine garage storage garage storage mezzanine garage storage mezzanine garage shelves with a mezzanine storage design and implementation in furniture stores near me discount
modern office desk chair modern furniture chair unique chair design modern office furniture ideas with high backrest furniture row credit card
modern large wall art abstract art painting modern wall art canvas pictures large wall paintings handmade oil painting for living large modern metal wall art
modern furniture style large size of modern dining sets mid century modern dining chairs reproductions danish modern contemporary furniture stores
mirrored side table with drawer image of beautiful mirrored side table drawers target mirrored side table with drawer
modern furniture style full size of living furniture styles contemporary furniture style for living room modern new modern furniture design 2015
modern large wall art abstract modern large single wall art red poppy hand painted oil painting canvas picture large modern wall art cheap
medicine cabinet remodel we turned a hole in the wall from an old mirrored medicine cabinet into a nice shelf using left over wainscoting and trim medicine cabinet renovation
modern home desk reclaimed wood desks and home office modern home office modern home desktop wallpaper
multi colored tile a wood kitchen with a bold colorful and somewhat zany in ceramic multi multi color tumbled slate tile
modern office desk chair office chair with massage and heat desk chair medium size of desk desk chair reviews office furniture usa coupon
modern large wall art original black and white art abstract oil painting on canvas extra large wall art abstract large large contemporary wall art uk
modern office chairs modern office chairs regarding domino high back chair by ideas 1 modern office chair with no wheels
mid century style dining chairs mid century modern dining chairs picked vintage mid century modern dining set mid century modern furniture dining room chairs
mirrored dresser top trays mirrored trays dresser top mirror tray picture of mirrored trays tips perfume vanity dressers for c mirrored trays furniture stores in sacramento with layaway
medicine cabinet remodel medicine cabinet shelf support cabinet shelf clips elegant high end with mirrors about remodel supports steel medicine cabinet remodelista
makeup brushes storage makeup brush storage so many brushes large makeup brush holder makeup brush holder beads makeup brush makeup brush storage makeup brushes for beginner and storage options
movable computer desk top movable computer desk fabulous movable computer desk marvelous office decorating ideas mobile wire computer desk workstation
modern sectionals sofas sectional sofa with ottomans and wooden bookcase modern duke sectional sofa bed
mac desk top computer desktop with the stunning design of apples light and thin the all in one line has become apples most popular desktop mac model mac desktop computer wont turn on
modern large wall art large canvas wall art modern wall art affordable wall art large wall art home decor wall decor wall decals large contemporary wall art uk
mahogany bookcase with glass doors mahogany bookcase with glass doors mahogany bookcase with glass lovely white bookcase with glass doors mahogany bookcase glass doors
mirrored dresser top trays luxury dresser trays bathroom vanity trays for bathroom footed vanity tray trays for bathroom homey mirrored furniture city fresno
modern large wall art large single abstract flower cheap huge vertical oil on modern oversized wall art i mid century modern large wall art
makeup brushes storage clear acrylic makeup brush holder with lid large makeup brush storage with 2 brush holders and makeup brushes storage ikea
makeup brushes storage makeup brush storage makeup brush holder cup makeup brushes storage makeup brushes storage with lid makeup brushes storage beads
modern office desk chair impressive stunning modern desk chair modern office chairs office with regard to modern desk chairs popular furniture stores in sacramento 95823
mother of pearl serving tray tray platter mother of pearl luster couple made in japan gold accents mother of pearl serving tray uk
motorized tv cabinet luxury motorized lift cabinet bedroom images cabinets at foot of bed stealth tv lift cabinet end of bed
mounted makeup mirror wall mounted vanity mirror with lighted s wall mounted lighted makeup mirror oil rubbed bronze wall mounted vanity mirror wall mounted makeup mirror brushed nickel
mirrored dresser top trays soft surroundings dresser and one finished wall in our master bedroom a dresser furniture stores online
movable computer desk fantastic movable computer desk fabulous movable computer desk intended for movable computer desk decorating mobile computer desk cart
mirrored dresser top trays dresser top mirror tray dresser top tray fresh mirrored trays new small rectangular vanity changing tray furniture stores near me open today
modern blue sofa sofa a navy blue rectangular sofa shaped sofa for two people the modern design of modern blue velvet couch
metal hot tub custom made pools and hot tubs stainless steel or copper regarding tub with waterfall plan galvanized metal hot tub
modern balcony rail balcony railings looks and their types balcony is a space which is must modern balcony glass railing design
modern corner cabinet luxury corner cabinet designs for living room for your small home decor inspiration with corner modern corner tv cabinet designs
mahogany coffee table antique this is a charming antique mahogany coffee table with hand carved solid mahogany base antique mahogany coffee table for sale
modern day furniture minimalist office furniture modern day workplace furnishings styles for modest design and style by modern outdoor daybed furniture
modern furniture style art furniture style characteristics design furniture art dining room furniture art furniture modern contemporary furniture stores
modern looking house contemporary brick architecture my eyes water easy these days modern looking red concrete and explore images modern house plans for narrow lots
modern wingback chair living room furniture modern chair living room modern chairs modern wingback chairs for sale
modern looking house mid century modern is not so old fashioned anymore image via modern house interior images
mirror and wood nightstands full size of mirrored nightstand home goods furniture type mirrored nightstand home goods wood and mirrored dresser
modern large wall art copper wall art massive metal wall painting copper modern large large modern wall art etsy
modern sectionals sofas sectional modern sofa grey colored sofa three pillows and one brown table can placed at living modern sectional sofa bed
modern looking house modern looking houses photo album home interior and landscaping modern houses for sale in ct
mahogany bookcase with glass doors mahogany bookcase with glass doors antique within decorations mahogany bookcase glass doors
mahogany bookcase with glass doors image of mahogany bookcase with glass doors mahogany bookcase glass doors
modern looking house modern looking houses download stunning design ideas best images about dream on tiny home modern looking houses modern house interior ideas
mid century furniture hardware mid century furniture hardware best mid century modern kitchen cabinet doors and vintage kitchen cabinets for mid century kitchen knobs
modern day furniture peaceful design ideas modern living room furniture contemporary decoration interior sets modern day living room modern furniture daybed
modern furniture style modern style recliners wonderful 6 furniture modern style for home furniture interior design design a modern contemporary furniture stores toronto
modern side chair call to order a modern dining chairs truss side chair contemporary modern side chairs
modern corner cabinet image of modern corner kitchen cabinet storage style modern corner cabinet bathroom
modern office desk chair modern office furniture desk chairs design leather office chairs tables desks conference furniture stores in stockton
modern corner cabinet modern corner furniture corner cabinet dining room furniture for worthy modern corner modern corner bookcase furniture modern corner modern corner cabinet living room
marble shower tray rectangular marble shower tray square marble shower tray by marble shower tray price
modern home desk fresh inch wide desk images modern desk home office with wide desk plan modern home office furniture design
modular couch bed build your own furniture ready to assemble sofa build your own sectional furniture modular couch bed modular sofa bed adelaide
modern day furniture bedroom furniture beds furniture furniture modern day beds dining room modern daybed couches
modern day furniture modern day furniture full size of leather sectional couch modern office furniture modern furniture for sale modern day furniture modern day bedroom furniture
mud room shelves mud room coat rack laundry built in mudroom shelves storage bench inside mudroom storage bench mudroom bench and shelf
medicine cabinet remodel epic bathroom vanities and medicine cabinets about remodel simple inspiration to remodel home with bathroom medicine cabinet remodel ideas
mid century furniture hardware modern hardware pulls update mid century modern drawer pulls farmhouses within cabinet mid century modern dresser hardware
mahogany bookcase with glass doors storage bookcase with doors tall bookcase with glass doors and drawers tall bookcase with glass doors antique mahogany bookcase glass doors
mahogany bookcase with glass doors glass bookcase with doors best bookcase with glass doors ideas on billy bookcase doors small bookcase mahogany bookcase glass doors
mud room shelves furniture for mudroom mudroom entryway furniture entryway mudroom shelves 3 mudroom shelves ideas entry and mudroom mudroom corner storage ideas
mahogany bookcase with glass doors petite walnut antique triple door bookcase with glass doors ideas for walnut bookcase with glass doors ideas antique mahogany bookcase glass doors
makeup brushes storage acrylic makeup brush holder drawer sponge cotton storage drying rack makeup brushes storage bag
mahogany bookcase with glass doors item mahogany bookcase w sliding glass doors antique mahogany bookcase glass doors
mother of pearl serving tray sterling silver decorative mother of pearl tray free shipping today overstock mother of pearl serving tray uk
modern wingback chair chair with ottoman leather modern convertible rocker ottoman pottery barn kids modern chair with modern wingback chairs uk
mid century furniture hardware stylish mid century modern cabinet hardware farmhouses mid century modern cabinet hardware mid century brass furniture hardware
metal wall art mountain scene lake house decor wilderness scene cabin and deer metal wall art with set rustic cabin lodge mountain deer decor mountain scene burnished metal wall art
modern wingback chair large size of black leather modern chair for charming home furniture ideas modern wingback chair australia
metal hot tub oh yes i want to move to the country wood fired hot tub totally off the grid and costs a fraction of what an electric tub costs new metal gone hot tub
movable computer desk adjustable computer desk domestic shipping movable sliding keyboard tray inexpensive home office computer desk mobile computer desk ikea
mid century furniture hardware spring bay mid century modern kitchen mid century modern kitchen hardware mid century kitchen hardware
marble shower tray cultured white marble shower tray cultured marble shower marble shower base cast marble shower pan
modern looking house the architecture and used materials provide the house with modern style without using classic minimalist ideas work is great example modern house minecraft easy
mother of pearl serving tray mother of pearl serving tray landscape design mother of pearl inlay serving tray
modern looking house view in gallery sophisticated and futuristic looking house in 1 thumb sophisticated design for environmentally modern house design minecraft
marble shower tray stone marble slabs with bespoke marble shower tray rustic bathroom marbletrend shower base repair
modern furniture style large size of living furniture living room sets modern leather living room furniture modern furniture styles living room
medicine cabinet remodel mirrored cabinet with cold storage in best medicine cabinets remodel 7 medicine cabinet remodelista
mid century style dining chairs mid century dining chair in charcoal dining chairs mid century dining chair in charcoal sims 3 mid century modern dining and style set free download
mid century furniture hardware mid century furniture hardware medium size of mid century dresser hardware white and wood mid century mid century furniture hardware mid century kitchen hardware
mezzanine garage storage this overhead storage platform was built in less than a day and has already saved furniture city fresno
modern wingback chair chair with ottoman modern chair with ottoman chair modern wingback chair australia
modular couch bed bedroom sleeper sofa sofa with storage and bed sofa bed design modular sofa bed with storage modular sofa bed with storage
movable computer desk movable computer sk ial small portable sign ias and cor full size of large mobile computer desk cart
mirror and wood nightstands full size of mirrored nightstand home goods furniture endearing mirrored dressers and nightstands wood and mirrored nightstands
mahogany bookcase with glass doors mahogany bookcase with glass doors antique mahogany bookcase glass and also neutral table tip mahogany bookcase glass doors
mac desk top computer transfer everything from an old mac to a new mac with migration assistant mac desktop computer will not turn on
modern day furniture cutting sectionals sectional sofas current modern day furniture beds modern sectional sofa modern day office furniture
mosquito netting curtains for porch gallery porch hours of mosquito netting curtains and no see um netting curtains that good porch mosquito netting curtains for your porch
mirrored framed wall art love mirrored framed art these prints accented by mirrored frames are stunning inner and mirrored framed wall pictures
mahogany bookcase with glass doors library console buffet bookcase in mahogany wood antique mahogany bookcase glass doors
modern large wall art black and white skyline large wall art print extra large wall art mid century modern large wall art
modular foam furniture furniture all products foam guest chair skew light grey paint furniture usa coupon
mac desk top computer how to these 9 tips make gaming on your mac not suck mac desktop computer wont turn on
mirror and wood nightstands bedroom mirrored glass furniture parquet floor lighted by desk lamp shade round shape wall mirror rustic wood and mirrored dresser
mirrored dresser top trays mirrored dresser top trays pottery barn furniture stores near me that are open
modular foam furniture colorful foam blocks morph into different furniture configurations furniture usa
medicine cabinet remodel recessed medicine cabinet mirror black bathroom mirrors cabinets without in with ideas home depot intended for medicine cabinet remodel ideas
modern home desk modern desk furniture home office cool modern desks layout modern home office desk gorgeous modern decor modern home office furniture canada
modern hardwood flooring modern living room with light hardwood flooring and white furniture modern wooden flooring designs
modern looking house good looking modern house design furniture modern house design modern housewife abc
modern day furniture large size of baroque furniture in glorious in search of modern day baroque modern day bedroom furniture
modern wingback chair medium size of most fantastic modern dining chair that can spark ideas modern wingback chairs uk
modular foam furniture strip can be specified as stand alone pieces or placed together into modular configurations strip collection includes chairs sofas furniture of america sectional
mother of pearl serving tray mother of pearl tray mother of pearl tray suppliers and manufacturers at mother of pearl inlay serving tray
modern office desk chair office chair graphite from miller furniture stores in sacramento stockton blvd
medicine cabinet remodel best medicine cabinet with light images on medicine throughout lighted bathroom mirror cabinet plan medicine cabinet remodel ideas
movable computer desk movable corner desk for home able to load three monitors on top ultra mobile computer desk cart
motorized tv cabinet elevate your home to a list status with a luxury motorized cabinet motorized tv cabinet bedroom
medicine cabinet remodel bathroom medicine cabinet mirror replacement for recessed cabinets with mirrors remodel medicine cabinet renovation
mid century furniture hardware mid century dresser pulls mid century modern dresser refurbished by riles home staging redesign by using mid century dresser mid century kitchen hardware
marble shower tray natural marble shower trays collection buy natural marble shower trays collection product on marbletrend shower base installation
metal hot tub recliner chair made from tractor recycled dumped metal from a canal tanned deer skin leather next to the shed there is a hot tub made from a metal hot tub enclosures
mezzanine garage storage garage loft with safety railing double access gates sacramento furniture consignment
mirrored dresser top trays mirrored dresser top trays full size of wood tray changing vanity hardware furniture city outlet
mahogany bookcase with glass doors mahogany bookcase with glass doors mahogany bookcase with doors mahogany bookcase with glass doors bookcase ideas mahogany bookcase glass doors
modern office desk chair mid century modern office chair mid century modern height adjustable office chair mid century modern furniture furniture stores modesto
modern office chairs mid century modern office chair gray mid century modern desk chair mid century modern swivel desk modern white office chair canada
metal hot tub stainless steel water spout feature with custom steel spa with bench seating lounger and hot tub gazebo metal roof
mother of pearl serving tray vintage royal japan hand painted tray w mother of pearl and gold accents mother of pearl serving tray uk
mezzanine garage storage full image for pix for building garage storage mezzanine design ideas loft furniture stores in modesto ca
modern iron door modern wrought iron door modern wrought iron door suppliers and manufacturers at modern iron entrance doors
multi purpose tray 1 genuine multi purpose tray with finish hidden multi purpose tray by alex carseon
modern home desk modern home office furniture inspiring fine modern home office desks stunning for cheap modern home office furniture
modern large wall art fashionable large wall art in room decor abstract modern contemporary colorful modern large wall art uk
modern office desk chair modern desk chair office chairs luxury best modern office chairs images on modern modern desk chair office furniture usa shakopee
mahogany bookcase with glass doors bookcase with glass doors oak bookcases with glass doors antique mahogany bookcase glass doors mahogany bookcase glass doors
multi colored tile multi colored tile ms international multi color in x in gauged slate floor and wall slate tile bathroom multi coloured tiled splashback
modern side chair large size of mid century chair mid century side chairs mid century modern modern side chairs for office
modern office chairs modern leather desk chair medium size of seat chairs modern office furniture stores brown leather office chair modern brown leather desk chair modern office chairs canada
mezzanine garage storage garage storage loft plans useful for your home design ideas furniture city near me
modern office desk chair fancy office chairs fancy modern task chair modern task chair vintage office chairs within contemporary office furniture stores in sacramento ca thats cheap
mahogany coffee table antique mahogany coffee table antique classic very large xv mahogany coffee table for sale antique mahogany coffee table for sale
miele dishwasher usa dishwasher made in dishwasher dishwasher made in built in dishwasher with recessed handle and buy miele dishwasher usa
motorized tv cabinet automated cabinet outdoor lift closed view motorized lift system motorized cabinet doors motorized tv cabinets for flat screens
modern home desk office furniture for small spaces executive office desks modern home office furniture modern home office desk chairs
mounted makeup mirror wall mount makeup mirror how to mount a mirror magnifier accessories lighted wall mount makeup mirror wall mounted makeup mirror polished nickel
modern home desk office small office table beauteous home office desk design modern home office furniture melbourne
modern furniture style wooden beds contemporary beds luxury beds furniture design beds sofa beds modern furniture design 2015
mother of pearl serving tray new octagonal shape handmade woody mosaic with mother of pearl serving tray mother of pearl serving tray
modern office chairs nice modern white desk chair office chairs modern office chairs modern desk chair modern white office chair canada
motorized tv cabinet full size of stand motorized mount hidden stand lift motorized tv cabinet plans
modern looking house love the plan just need to make it smaller less modern looking modern house interior kitchen
mud room shelves interior furnishings cabinet in half room design using white mudroom bench and multi shelves storage also 6 door cabinet mudroom storage shelf
mounted makeup mirror wall vani mirror rustic bathroom mirror mirrors medium size of brilliant decoration wall wall mounted wall mounted 5x lighted makeup mirror
mirrored dresser top trays dresser top tray inspirational mirrored dresser top trays furniture stores near me that are open
movable computer desk wood adjustable computer table portable laptop table movable computer desk with pulley mobile computer desks workstations
modern wingback chair modern chairs rare danish modern reclining wing chair at modern wingback chair pottery barn
mahogany bookcase with glass doors antique bookcase with doors bookcases glass regard to idea antique mahogany bookcase glass doors
modern side chair modern recliner chair family room contemporary with dark wood floors modern side chairs modern dining side chairs
modern office chairs architecture sensational design colored office chairs desk style modern mesh bright colored office chairs modern office chairs amazon
modern office desk chair swivel office chair without wheels white desk chairs office chairs white cheap cheap modern office chairs furniture row tulsa
mother of pearl serving tray rectangular mother of pearl serving tray mother of pearl inlay serving tray
modern large wall art gray 3 panel modern large oil style wall art print on canvas home mid century modern large wall art
movable computer desk awesome mobile computer desk regarding movable computer desk prepare mobile computer desk
makeup brushes storage our clear acrylic lipstick stand holder is the perfect organizer for all of your makeup makeup brush storage with cover
mid century style dining chairs enchanting interior architecture plans gorgeous mid century modern leather dining chairs at porter pebble set mid century modern dining room chairs
mezzanine garage storage garage storage mezzanine apartments garage mezzanine design ideas storage and organization mezzanine garage storage furniture row furniture city fresno
mirror and wood nightstands full size of mirrored nightstand home goods furniture large size of mirrored nightstand home goods furniture thumbnail wood and mirrored nightstands
modern office desk chair desk mesmerizing cool office desks contemporary executive desk white desk chairs monitor books cupboard pot furniture sacramento area
metal wall art mountain scene cowboy on startled horse with bear mountain scene large metal wall art home decor mountain scene burnished metal wall art
motorized tv cabinet television pop up or motorized screens coast motorized lift pop up cabinet television pop pop up cabinet motorized tv cabinets for flat screens uk
modern corner cabinet nifty modern corner cabinet storage in interior design for home remodeling with modern corner cabinet modern corner curio cabinet
modern design dining table architecture and home glamorous contemporary dining table of amazon com coaster home furnishings from contemporary modern dining tables with glass surface
mud room shelves kitchen with built in desk small view gallery traditional mud room shelves is a designs desks mudroom coat racks
modern day furniture combining functions modern furniture design and style interior and vogue modern outdoor daybed furniture
medicine cabinet remodel extraordinary bathroom medicine cabinet ideas illuminated home remodel recessed medicine cabinet remodel
mud room shelves white and blue cottage mudroom features a built in bench with two drawers topped with a blue seat cushion as well as a lined with mudroom storage bench and hooks
modern wingback chair medium size of leather chair with stylish chairs modern chairs modern wingback chair canada
modern hardwood flooring excellent unique contemporary hardwood floors contemporary door mats kitchen for kitchen engineered wood flooring popular modern hardwood floor stain colors
miele dishwasher rack dishwasher racks buy used dishwasher commercial dishwasher racks kitchen accessories sinks dish drying buy in miele dishwasher lower basket replacement
mounted makeup mirror best wall mounted makeup mirror lighted mount magnify with light ed s chrome wall mounted makeup mirror with lighted canada
modern iron door wrought iron door frame and glass with l shaped scrolls 1 modern metal exterior doors
modern balcony rail deck railing ideas also with a free deck plans also with a modern balcony railings also modern glass balcony railings
modern side chair photo 4 of leather mid century modern chair mid century modern side chair 4 danish modern teak side chair
mahogany bookcase with glass doors mahogany empire revival paw foot triple door mahogany bookcase antique bookcase glass doors antique mahogany bookcase glass doors
motorized tv cabinet motorized cabinet end motorized lift cabinets trunk pop up cabinet cheap of for flat motorized motorized cabinet motorized tv cabinet uk
modern looking house modern style homes best contemporary home features modern interior design with metal staircase modern house minecraft seed
modern office desk chair modern leather desk chair mid century modern desk chair for home office modern grey leather office modern leather desk chair tan leather office furniture city merced
modern office desk chair simple modern desk chair modern office chairs in simple home designing ideas with modern office chairs furniture row racing
modern hardwood flooring ultra modern living room features metal framed sectional with white cushions and glass shelving over grey modern hardwood floor stain colors
multi purpose tray multi purpose tray buy multi purpose plastic tray product on add paper in multi purpose tray kyocera
modern corner cabinet kitchen cabinet organization modern corner kitchen cabinet storage under cupboard ideal rooms decor contemporary curved corner curio cabinet
milano sectional sofas sectional sofa sectional sofa milano sectional sofa ottoman by acme furniture
modern large wall art large wall art modern wall art horizontal wall art abstract within horizontal wall art view large contemporary wall art uk
modern office desk chair furniture mid century office chair adjustable office chair with swivel in mid century modern office sacramento furniture consignment
mounted makeup mirror wall mounted makeup mirror valuable together with vanity lighted bathroom mirrors magnifying large size of wall mounted makeup mirror reviews
modern office desk chair modern office chair cheap best cheap office chairs ideas only on cheap desk model with regard furniture row racing
mud room shelves stunning black and white mudroom features a glossy black l shaped bench placed atop white shoe shelves and against a white trim finished with oil mudroom shelves ikea
mother of pearl serving tray round mother of pearl serving tray base mother of pearl serving tray uk
movable computer desk office desk mobile laptop stand home computer desks small office table compact computer mobile computer desk amazon
makeup brushes storage crystal clear makeup brush holder brush storage box with pearl beads makeup brushes storage ikea
modular foam furniture chairs colors furniture design gardens modular systems product design furniture sacramento yelp
mission style bathroom creative craftsman style bathroom vanity furniture design ideas mission style bathroom vanity plans mission style bathroom vanity cabinet
metal wall art birds plant of steel palm palm tree with birds wall sculpture metal wall art fair trade from metal wall art flying birds
mud room shelves custom mudroom storage features coffee table legs regarding storage bench for foyer plan mudroom coat racks and benches
marble shower tray marble walk in shower marble shower wall book matched with a one piece shower tray this was a very marbletrend shower base cleaning
modern office desk chair modern modern ribbed mid back office chair view in modern office chairs modern ribbed mid office furniture stores in modesto ca
mounted makeup mirror trendy ideas wall mounted makeup mirror in conjunction with buy mount mirrors from bed bath beyond round bronze battery wall mounted makeup mirror oil rubbed bronze
mirrored framed wall art aura multi faceted art mirror framed round wall mirror bathroom mirrors shop by room mirror shop mirrored framed wall pictures
modular foam furniture modular furniture design in expanded polystyrene for indoor and furniture outlets in modesto ca
mahogany bookcase with glass doors mahogany bookshelf with doors mahogany bookcase antique mahogany within modern bookcase with doors decor mahogany bookcase glass doors
mounted makeup mirror wall mounted makeup mirror mirror ideas wall mounted lighted makeup mirror wall mounted lighted makeup mirror oil rubbed bronze
metal hot tub pa and i uncovered moved the hot tub boxes down to deck location started unpacking see metal horse trough hot tub
mounted makeup mirror adjustable wall mounted makeup mirror brushed brass wall mounted makeup mirror 5x
mid century style dining chairs mid century danish teak dining chairs by for set of 6 mid century modern furniture dining room chairs
motorized tv cabinet black mm running distance tabletop electric lifter for cabinet motorized lift tv lift cabinet plans free
mac desk top computer mac desk top computer refurbished mac desktop computers sale mac desktop computer turn on
mahogany bookcase with glass doors antique bookcase with glass doors antique mahogany bookcase glass doors antique mahogany bookcase glass doors
modern wingback chair large size of chair with ottoman modern chair with ottoman chair modern wingback chairs for sale
mid century furniture hardware mid century furniture hardware fascinating modern brass cabinet mid century furniture replacement hardware
mud room shelves hall tree storage bench storage bench with shelves front door bench with coat diy mudroom storage plans
mother of pearl serving tray vintage serving pineapple tray dish with mother of pearl and gold trim pineapple tray serving mother of pearl serving tray
modern iron door modern wrought iron door modern wrought iron door suppliers and manufacturers at modern iron entry doors
modern office desk chair modern office task chair stationery office chair best office chairs ideas on desk chair desk ideas modern office desk chairs furniture stores in vacaville
movable computer desk computer stand metal computer desk home computer desks mobile computer station narrow computer mobile computer desk for home
movable computer desk computer desk salon reception desk small white computer desk small movable computer desk mobile computer desk walmart
modern day furniture modern furniture attractive modern furniture best ideas about chair on burnt orange modern day modern furniture modern day furniture styles
modern large wall art contemporary pastel modern art prints buy black and white modern abstract art painting for sale large extra large contemporary metal wall art
modern wingback chair marvelous contemporary chair collection with laundry room view new in cool modern wing modern wingback chair slipcovers
modern wingback chair modern chair medium size of chair arm chair upholstered dining chairs sofa modern chairs modern chair modern wingback chair with ottoman
makeup brushes storage makeup brush storage makeup brush storage ideas makeup brush organizer ideas dust free makeup brushes storage
mother of pearl serving tray mother of pearl tray aqua knight inch rectangular tray with handles mother of pearl mother of mother of pearl tray mother of pearl serving tray uk
movable computer desk movable computer desk captivating mobile for mobile computer desk mobile computer desk amazon
modern prefab garage full size of garage garages prefab garage kits garage buildings modern prefab metal modern prefab garage with apartment
multi colored tile example of a kitchen design in with a farmhouse sink multi colored tile backsplash
metal wall art mountain scene deer mountain scene with 4 majestic bucks large metal wall art mountain scenery metal wall art
modern day furniture awesome buyers guide for modern day bed furniture within modern day beds modern day living furniture
mud room shelves mudroom storage plans white build a wall crate shelves free and easy project and mudroom storage designs diy mudroom shelves
modern home desk computer desk modern home office accessories other metro for white design modern home desk chair
modern large wall art canvas print large art blue abstract blue white flowers modern large wall art uk
movable computer desk captivating movable computer table on modern decoration design with movable computer table mobile computer desk on wheels
metal wall art mountain scene mountain scene with stream burnished metal wall art mountain scene burnished metal wall art
modern home desk modern desks for home desk outstanding modern home office desks modern desk with drawers white wooden modern home office desks uk
mounted makeup mirror large size of table with lights in beautiful lights wall mounted makeup mirror wall mounted makeup mirror polished nickel
modern office chairs modern office chairs ergonomic desk colourful task with chair ideas modern leather office chair uk
modular foam furniture modular upholstered bench contemporary coated foam for public buildings trinity by furniture city bakersfield california
modern looking house bedroom contemporary house plans with floor good looking designs one story contemporary small house plans modern house design minecraft
mounted makeup mirror bathroom color impressive decoration wall vanity mirror with lights shining wall mounted bathroom makeup mirror danforth wall mount vanity mirror in oil rubbed bronze
modern sectionals sofas medium size of piece sectional sofa small l shaped couch sectional sofas with modern sectional sofa sale
motorized tv cabinet brilliant cabinet with lift cabinet lift plan motorized tv cabinets for flat screens uk
modern home desk excellent office desk cheap modern desk home office furniture minimalist with regard to minimalist office desk popular modern house desktop wallpaper
medicine cabinet remodel kitchen ideas corner kitchen cabinet medicine cabinets discount remodeled kitchen with kitchen cabinet recessed medicine cabinet remodel
mounted makeup mirror makeup wall mirror with lights wall mounted makeup mirror with wall mount makeup mirror wall mount wall mounted makeup mirror with lighted battery
mother of pearl serving tray silver mother of pearl aluminum oval serving platter mother of pearl serving tray
modern office desk chair chair design ideas desk chair acrylic swivel chair modern office chairs silver color furniture consignment stores in modesto ca
mezzanine garage storage large size of mezzanine plans garage apartment plans with cost to build garage furniture stores near me open now
modern side chair dining side chair by modern meets contemporary in a superbly mid century modern eames style dsw dining accent side chairs
modern large wall art large scale large wall art modern original painting contemporary abstract large modern metal wall art
multi colored tile awesome bathroom design with multi color tiles catchy tiled bathroom designs multi colored tile splashback
medicine cabinet remodel medicine cabinets inspiring full length cabinet recessed intended for remodel medicine cabinet renovation
makeup brushes storage beautiful makeup brushes holder get a glass cup and decorate it with some beautiful river makeup brushes for beginner and storage options
modern furniture style french style bed modern bedroom furniture bed in beds from furniture on group modern contemporary furniture for sale
modern side chair collection in tufted side chair with modern leather modern side chairs contemporary modern side chairs
mid century furniture hardware mid century knobs elegant modern door bells house numbers by for design 9 mid century kitchen hardware
mother of pearl serving tray handcrafted or wooden stacking serving trays w mother of pearl mother of pearl inlay serving tray
So I just found out that the on-site parking lots for the show in Atlanta opens at 1:00 p.m. and I was wondering if anyone knew of any parking near the venue that opens earlier?
Alan Caruba's blog is a daily look at events, personalities, and issues from an independent point of view. Copyright, Alan Caruba, 2015. With attribution, posts may be shared. A permission request is welcome. Email acaruba@aol.com.
The pat answer for black complaints about events these days is “white racism.” One rarely, if ever, reads or hears anything about black racism, but if you ask, many blacks will acknowledge it.
As the 50th anniversary of the Selma, Alabama confrontation was recalled, there was little mention of a multitude of black violence events that continue to either go unreported or reported to reflect “white racism” even when it is not a factor.
In 2013, Colin Flaherty published “White Girl Bleed a Lot: The Return of Racial Violence to America and How the Media Ignore It.” His new book, “Don’t Make the Black Kids Angry: The Hoax of Black Victimization and How We Enable It” was published in February. It picks up from where the first book left off, filled with hundreds of stories of black-on-white violence that, as often as not, did not receive much attention.
By contrast, when a black youth is killed as in the cases of Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown, the media ignored the violence that led to it. The Department of Justice (DOJ) and local investigations found that both killings were self-defense. Even questions of whether the youth’s civil rights were abused found that they were not.
In early March an 86-page DOJ report about the shooting of Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, confirmed that Darren Wilson, a white police officer, acted in self-defense. Also in February, a DOJ report exonerated George Zimmerman, a white man, for shooting Martin. When a case was brought against him in Florida in July 2013, the jury acquitted him.
The most recent case is the shooting on Saturday, March 7, of Tony Robinson in Madison, Wisconsin. The 19-year-old black youth was shot as the result of an altercation with a white police officer. News reports stressed Robinson was “unarmed”, but downplayed the fact that the veteran officer had been struck in the head and knocked down. Also largely unreported was that Robinson had pled guilty last year to armed robbery and was serving a three-year probation term.
At what point do we begin to ask why black youths are behaving in this fashion toward police officers? Theirs is a culture in serious trouble.
As someone who spent years in the South when “Jim Crow” laws were still in effect I had an understanding of how and why the civil rights movement began in earnest in the late 1950s and gained momentum throughout the 1960s. In 1964 Congress passed a Civil Rights Act and in 1965 it passed the Voting Rights Act. Naively, I and lots of others, white and black, thought it would resolve many of the problems that had afflicted blacks.
A half century since then, however, Flaherty’s new book documents the racially-based animosity that exists throughout elements of America’s black population and how it demonstrates itself in acts of violence. The accounts are often shocking.
“Black crime and violence against whites, gays, women, seniors, young people and lots of others is astronomically out of proportion,” says Flaherty in his new book, following up that assertion with 500 pages of events and pages of detailed endnotes.
A professional journalist, Flaherty opined that “In 2013 more and more people began to figure out that the traditional excuses—jobs, poverty, schooling, whatever—for black crime and mayhem were not really working anymore.”
“Now they have a new excuse. The ultimate excuse: White racism is everywhere. White racism is permanent. White racism explains everything.”
The perception of racial issues in America says Flaherty, involves “A new generation of black leaders and white enablers (who) want to remove black violence from the table and focus on the Big Lie: The war on Black People and how racist white people are waging it. All the time. Everywhere. When just the opposite is true.”
Flaherty’s book documents “black resentment, black hostility, and black racial consciousness that permeates every part of black media, black churches, black families, and black schooling.” Sadly, this also manifests itself as black-on-black violence.
That hostility has also been witnessed in the acts and words of America’s first black President and his black Attorney General. How did Barack Obama get elected and reelected if “white racism” is so widespread?
As Flaherty noted, “The President got in on the act in 2014 when he told the Congressional Black Caucus about a ‘justice gap.’ Where ‘too many young men of color feel targeted by law enforcement. Guilty of walking while black. Driving while black. Judged by stereotypes that fuel fear and resentment and hopelessness.’”
Race has played a role in American history from the day when the first indentured African was brought here in 1654, up to and after the Civil War that was fought to end the slave trade, and through to current times when, based on all the laws that have been passed to protect everyone’s civil rights, one might think that the problems associated with race would have been resolved.
The problems haven’t been resolved because too much animosity exists and, too frequently, as Flaherty documents, it is black animosity toward whites.
Editor’s Note: “Don’t Make the Black Kids Angry” can be purchased from Amazon.com and other Internet book outlets. It is priced at $19.72 on Amazon and $6.99 for the Kindle version.
Your donation is very special because it signals your support for Warning Sign's effort to provide the best information and insight possible.
I am and have been for a long time a writer by profession. I have several books to my credit and my daily column, "Warning Signs", is disseminated on many Internet news and opinion websites, as well as blogs. In addition, I am a longtime book reviewer and have a blog offering a monthly report on new fiction and non-fiction.
Im a 26 and looking for the right person that like me for me and not looking crazy stuff im 5'6 and has hazel hair and brown hair with red and blonda highlights i am over height buy im trying to lose weight i love to hang out with friends and go to the mall and movie and just stay at home if you are interest please email kristin
Filed under: asiangirls, tit, tits, bentover, nude, bald, naked, asian, spank, displayed, titty, streaking, topless, nudity, exposed, outside, ass, outdoors, behind, shaved, spread, sharon, butt, hairless, skirt
well hii people most of you are gunna know me from other sites and stuff so theres not realy any need for a big intro juat that i am here to stay and i STILL DO NOT LEACH if any pro-x mebers see this that leacher is not me..... any hello every body
It said they must agree to "fix the bad flaws of the Iran nuclear deal" - which was sealed under President Barack Obama - or he would refuse to extend US sanctions relief on Iran.
Retired US Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Karen Kwiatkowski told Sputnik that Trump's decision to drop Tillerson and replace him with Pompeo, a longtime critic of the nuclear deal, was a triumph for Israel's right wing Likud government and its US political allies.
Trump said in January that the nuclear deal must be "fixed" by May 12 or the United States will walk away.
State Department policy planning chief Brian Hook, who is running the negotiations with Europe, will lead the US delegation to the larger meeting in Austria's capital. USA sanctions will resume unless Trump issues fresh "waivers" to suspend them on May 12. Hook, who Tillerson leaned on heavily for policy advice and direction, could meet separately in Vienna with the Iranian delegation head, Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Aragchi.
Such discussions between the USA and Iran have occurred occasionally on the margins of regularly scheduled Iran deal talks.
Prior to the joint commission's meeting, the Iranian envoy said in a tweet that "the U.S., now more than ever, is under pressure and unprecedented isolation in the face of the alliance of all parties [to the deal]".
"Now he has a secretary of state who 100% shares his views on the nature and gravity of the Iranian threat and the fatal flaws of the JCPOA", Dubowitz said in an interview, using the initialism for the deal's official name.
As a congressman, Pompeo vociferously denounced the accord when it was struck. This would seriously undercut the Iran's ability to fund terrorist groups or build weapons of mass destruction.
His stance and position with Trump could give Pompeo leverage with the Europeans that Tillerson never enjoyed.
Citing Tehran Times daily, Xinhua reported the Iranian diplomatic team visiting Vienna for regular talks on the implementation of Iran's nuclear deal would meet other participating sides including the United States officials on Friday, a source close to the Iranian negotiators said on condition of anonymity. However, the president has also proven his willingness to abandon worldwide agreements negotiated by his predecessors and has made clear his opposition to the Iranian government and the deal itself.
USA and European diplomats say they're closer on long-range ballistic missile launches, inspections and new sanctions on Iranian-backed militant groups. He added that without the full commitment of the USA and all parties, it is not possible to imagine the survival of the agreement. Iran maintains that it must have medium-range missiles to defend itself, an argument the Europeans have been sympathetic to. "It may well be the first casualty of Tillerson's ousting will be the end of the Iran deal".
Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi said Wednesday he backed Trump's acceptance of an apparently surprise invitation to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, with whom the president has feuded throughout the past year.
Russia's ambassador in London , Alexander Yakovenko, said Britain's actions were "absolutely unacceptable" and "a provocation". Britain this week ordered the expulsion of 23 Russian diplomats and cancelled high-level bilateral contact with the Kremlin.
Russian Federation has denied the U.K.'s allegations, accusing Britain of using the incident in a campaign to smear Moscow.
The FAA will order a halt to such flights that "involve restraints that can not be released quickly in an emergency". The pilot of the flight was the only person who escaped after the Airbus SE AS350B2 hit the water and sank.
Moscow announced the measures on the eve of a presidential election which incumbent Vladimir Putin should comfortably win. It said this was a response to Britain´s "provocative actions" and "baseless accusations over the Salisbury incident".
In 2016, she received a credit card from PEI to pay for travel and other expenses related to her work for the organisation. Facing pressure from the opposition, Gurib-Fakim resigned shortly afterward from her role at the PEI.
To make room for Curry, the Bucs cut Robert Ayers , who was entering the third and final year of a three-year pact with the Bucs. In 2017 Curry was converted into a run stopper.
He was granted refuge in the UK after a high-profile spy exchange between the United States and Russian Federation in 2010. A post-mortem examination found the 68-year-old died from "compression to the neck".
It is the first time in an NCAA Tournament game that a Mid-American Conference team has gone over 100 points. Most assists in an NCAA tournament game: 38 by UConn, topping 37 by Stanford against Arkansas in 1990.
He took a wicked shot to the head from a teammate late in the first half, and wound up with eight points on 1-for-7 shooting. The Pirates are 5-0 ATS in their last 5 games following an ATS win and 6-0 ATS in their last 6 games overall.
The Red Devils will welcome Chris Hughton's side to Old Trafford in their FA Cup last-eight clash with a place in the semi-finals at Wembley up for grabs.
The U.S. -North Korea summit talks were brokered by Moon's envoys, who met with Kim Jong Un during a March 5-6 Pyongyang trip. They also agreed that a "brighter future is available for North Korea, if it chooses the right path", the White House stated.
Sergey Skripal was a high-ranking Russian security official who was working for the British as a double agent. Lavrov said Russia would respond "very soon" to Britain's decision to expel 23 Russian diplomats.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights could not say who carried out the strikes on the town of Zamalka. More than 150,000 people have left the town in the last few days, a senior Kurdish official and the monitor said.
The dead include the house owner, a woman, a boy and a minor girl, reports added. "In village Devta 5 people died, 2 injured. Defence spokesman said the Pakistani troops breached border ceasefire in Balakote sector at around 7.45 am.
The sheriff's office patrol station in Thousand Oaks tweeted they had responded to the shooting. The city of Thousand Oaks tweeted that the mall is secure and no one else was in danger.
It said this was a response to Britain's "provocative actions" and "baseless accusations over the Salisbury incident". The Russian expulsions come after Britain issued a travel warning to people in or planning to travel to Russia.
Junior Faith Suggs entered the lineup for the first time since January 4, when the Blue Devils lost to Louisville. Freshmen guards Gary Trent Jr. and Trevon Duval combined for 29 points and 11 assists for the Blue Devils .
Archbishop of New York Cardinal Timothy Dolan will kick off the festivities with mass at Saint Patrick's Cathedral. A parade participant reads a blessing at 11th and MA streets before the start of the Lawrence St.
The incident happened at Smugglers' Notch, a mountain pass in Vermont near the state's highest peak, Mount Mansfield. Six soldiers were initially reported injured during training at the Army Mountain Warfare School.
In December, the Japanese government approved the deployment of Aegis Ashore in the northwest and in the southwest of the country. Kang held talks later on Friday with Sullivan, who is standing in after Trump fired Tillerson.
AAA is offering free Tipsy Tow rides to anyone who has overindulged during the weekend. Protecting against drunk driving is the focus to get everyone home safe and sound.
The casino operator reported $1.40 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $1.33 by $0.07. Janney Montgomery Scott Ltd Liability holds 0.07% in Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (NASDAQ:HBAN) or 433,011 shares.
A number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Scotia Capital Inc. boosted its stake in shares of iShares MSCI Japan ETF by 67.6% during the 4th quarter.
Reddit users over at /r/AmazonEcho discovered something interesting: a new mode for Amazon Echo products called Brief Mode. For instance, Alexa on Amazon Echo can turn on lights when commanded and an "Ok" response isn't necessary.
This will be when northwest Montana will have a chance at seeing some light rain and snow showers. A north northeast wind of 6 miles per hour will become light and variable after midnight.
He has netted seven goals and provided seven assists in a combined 21 appearances in the Premier League and UEFA Europa League . Lampard said: "I'm an admirer of Aaron Ramsey and Arsenal must try to secure his long-term future at the club".
A British policeman was also poisoned when he went to help them and remains in a serious but stable condition. Moscow responded today by expelling 23 British diplomats from Moscow in a tit-for-tat measure.
Battle Princess Madelyn launches December 6 for PS4, Xbox One, Switch, and PC, 2019 for PS Vita and Wii U
The Lost Child, Penny-Punching Princess, and The Longest 5 Minutes PS Vita physical editions launch March 19, 2019 in North America
Rogue Legacy, the rogue like sensation that went on to become one of the defining indie games of the previous generation, has now made the jump to Nintendo’s Switch. It is available on the Nintendo eShop right now, and can be bought for a price of $15.
Rogue Legacy is a roguelike, meaning you end up going into procedurally generated dungeons, so each death effectively “resets” your progress. Traditionally, this has been one of the biggest barriers against roguelikes becoming popular, a problem Rogue Legacy addressed with its genius inheritance system, where each death sees you play the descendant of your previous character, accumulating skills, experience, and loot over time, and so never quite feeling like you actively wasted your time. Given that it lends itself equally well to longer sessions, as well as short, spur of the moment runs, it is also a game that is extremely well suited to the Switch.
Rogue Legacy is also available now on PC, PS3, PS4, PS Vita, and Xbox One, in addition to now being on Nintendo Switch. If you’re still not convinced on the game, make sure to check out our review for the PS4 release.
This author has not added a biography. Meanwhile admin has contributed 16758 posts.	Click here	to view them.
Pop in on Sundays for some dancing action, or tune in Monday for some tunes. Amuse yourself on Tuesdays with some short stories and enlighten yourself with Wisdom on Wednesdays. Have a blast to the past on Thursdays and admire artwork on Fridays. Let your feedback shine on Saturdays! ...That sounded SO dumb.
Okay this one is a bit silly (like last week's) but you can also take it in a serious sense. Because actually attempting to steal a parking space in this manner could cost you your life. XD
Remember who exactly you tell your secrets to. Be careful who you tell them to. Getting stabbed in the back by someone you thought you could trust bites.
Okay so my parents and I decided it was wise to delete the contact forms because this website should just be for our group's communication and interaction. Also we all need to remember to keep images and comments appropriate at all times because the world can see us and so does God. I kinda had a mistake with an inappropriate comment on one of ThisIsSirius's Throwback Thursdays so I deleted that comment. Sorry, guys. My mistake there. When commenting, posting and editing please try to keep it within the parameters of "kid-friendly." And just consider modesty and appropriateness.
Yeah so I couldn't find anything really amusing or smart, so I just went ahead and found a bunch of wise stuff - so brace yourself for a history lesson - Assassin's Creed style. Hopefully this won't be as boring as I imagine it will be... so let's just get on with it. XD
Bartol's words soon became translated into "Nothing is true, everything is permitted." The precursor to this quote is usually "We work in the dark to serve the light."
"We work in the dark to serve the light. Nothing is true, everything is permitted. We are Assassins."
Now you may be thinking the first part sounds extremely awesome, but the last part is a bit confusing. Well, I thought the exact same thing. Working in the dark to serve the light is an extremely poetic way of saying you're that person hiding in the shadows but always bringing good to the people you're around. But nothing is true, and everything is permitted? That starts to get a bit complicated. Even Edward Kenway was confused and voiced his concerns to an Assassin mentor, Ah Tabai:
"For if nothing is true, then why believe anything? And if everything is permitted... why not chase every desire?"
Well, another Assassin answered that question quite a long time before. Ezio's [might I add... one of his] love interest[s] Sofia Sartor found the maxim kind of cynical, so he explained it to her.
"To say that nothing is true, is to realize that the foundations of society are fragile, and that we must be the shepherds of our own civilization. To say that everything is permitted, is to understand that we are the architects of our actions, and that we must live with their consequences, whether glorious or tragic."
When I look at it the way Ezio did, it starts to make MUCH more sense. It sheds a light on the Creed's maxim that is much more different than originally imagined.
Not only is there the maxim, there are three tenets that each assassin must follow. I put two different translations, since sometimes they're hard to understand one way.
This is actually to be expected - you can't have Assassins running around stabbing whoever they want, right? Weeeeelll... none of us Assassin's Creed players can actually really claim to have a clean record of never killing civilians... BUT THE TENET STILL STANDS IN THEORY SO BEAR WITH ME HERE XD I'm not even sure what is happening in this picture, soooo...
This basically means stay unseen and don't draw unnecessary attention to yourself. Remember the "Work in the dark to serve the light"? Yep, that's pretty much it. Although, I don't think this really ever happens that much either XD I've seen most players jump right out in the middle of nowhere once they've followed the target far enough. In this picture, Altair is blending in with a group of scholars... or at least trying to. He's the only one wearing a brown belt XD
The actions of one must never bring any harm to all. For instance, if an Assassin were captured or killed or anything of the sort, they must never take any action that could be tied back to the Brotherhood.
Sooo... that's enough lesson for today XD I learned more from writing this post than I did in a day of school O.o jk. That's kinda mean. I'm gonna go watch the Last Airbender now, so comment what you guys thought of this post! AAAAAND I'M OUTTA HERE!!!
Hey, guys! Wednesday Words of Wisdom probably won't become a thing like our Music Mondays, but I decided to give it a shot anyway. I thought it might be fun.
So today's Words of Wisdom come from everyone's favorite Zelda character: Link. And as our fine Hero of Time does not speak much in the first place, his words come from the heart. Zelda would be proud.
oenanthe wrote: Having been an “SL faker” myself, in a relationship that ended badly for all concerned, I am still astounded how easily things can blossom into disaster. Starting SL Gor is a big lark— while your RL personal life is collapsing, you can occupy the body of a hot, young, perfect avatar, and give yourself over in RP to muscled manly men, who bend you over a table, fur you mercilessly and toss you out the longhall door. And why not create a RL “avatar” to go along with it, to spice up your ooc interactions? After all, wouldn’t it be nice to give your RP partner a sexy young nymphette to fantasize about when they’re offline?
When I was in my first few months on SL, I had no idea at all how personal and real interactions on here can get and how slowly and insidiously RP feelings can seep into RL. So when I literally woke up one morning and realized that I had real, very strong feelings for my RP partner it was a genuine shock. And then I was stuck: the object of my affection was in love with a fabrication that I created for his amusement, and I was in love with a real person. I could confess and lose that person, or I could perpetuate the lie, making it grow bigger with each passing day. It was so easy to just stay and bask in the glow of a bizarre conflation of truth and fantasy, thinking to myself, as long as the other person never found out, what was the harm? There was no possibility of any in-person interaction, so why couldn’t this continue until it reached it’s natural conclusion? Eventually, we would grow bored with each other or one of us would get pried out of Gor by RL.
Inevitably, something had to go wrong and when it did, the outfall was surprisingly devastating. I have always considered myself a kind, caring person--someone who goes out of her way not to hurt people in relationships--and to find myself the perpetrator of what was, in effect, a form of emotional abuse required a lot of soul searching and reassessment of who I was.
So I guess I agree with what seems to be the consensus here: lying on SL is still lying with all the attending consequences. It is easier in SL, so there is probably more lying, but the results are exactly the same in SL and RL. I think even at the RP level, deception on SL has the potential to be emotionally lethal and once it goes OOC someone is inevitably going to get hurt.
Welcome to Gorums and thank you for sharing what seems a very poignant experience. I am not sure that many people can say they have always been the best person they could be in SL. Anonymity can be a pretty powerful motivator for misdeeds. We learn and move on and hope to not repeat our mistakes when we realize the damage that can be done.
Me personally I completely believe SL relationships are very real, even before I entered into one myself. I am and have always been wary of befriending or flirting with men in SL relationships, it makes me feel like I'm intruding on something special. I also am not a big fan of men who are in SL relationships that go around looking for one night stands, too me what is the point of getting said relationship when your just gonna play around anyway *shrugs*
I have and am still in a SL IC and ooc relationship with my owner, it's the first time I've ever gone down the ooc path I tended too stick too strict ooc friendships only but something just clicked with me and him and we took it from there I guess.
All images and content are copy write protected and can not be used without the expressed consent of Gore Mountain Real Estate.
All last minute reservations (less then 31 days prior to arrival date) are payable within 48 hours after receiving a confirmed provisional reservation via e-mail.
As accommodation availability changes from day to day all enquiries about general availability are subject to change without notice. Accommodation availability is only guaranteed once you receive a provisional reservation confirmation. In order to secure your reservation full pre-payment is required.
My business cards have said such things as Chief Operating Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, and Chief Commercial Officer. But when you get right down to it, what value do I provide? – I’m a marketer, an entrepreneur, a support specialist, a salesperson, an energy beam, a relationship builder, a content creator, a geek, a communicator, a global citizen, an efficiency advocate, a person you can trust, a natural leader and a fan of meditation and yoga.
I believe growth is founded on a customer-centric approach. The right idea and perspective are essential to be successful. Finding it, require centuries of experience and a constant desire to learn. My passion is to help organizations and people grow. It’s what makes me excited, what makes me feel alive and what makes me go up early in the morning. The value I provide is the passion, finding the right idea and perspective for Growth in every unique situation.
Founded One Life Dreams because I believe every child should have the opportunity to be loved and the possibility to fulfill their dreams. So far we touched over 1000 children and inspired 1 billion people. Read more HERE and HERE.
Transformed Mentice from good to amazing by completing more than 60 sales and marketing projects close to 100 000 EUR under budget in 12 months, including creating and implementing a new marketing strategy, developing a new sales process, rebranding the company through marketing and advertising and significantly improve internal communication by creating effective policies and procedures.
Created a customer centric approach for Mentice by transforming the customer service department which resulted in a 100% customer satisfaction rate and reduced response time from several days to 8 – 12 hours.
Worked with co-founders of Cryptzone Group AB to grow the company from no revenue or employees into a thriving organization with 61 employees, 6,5 million EUR in annual revenue and 850 clients located in 34 countries.
Founded Sweden’s leading student magazine, Metro Student, a publication later purchased by Metro and distributed throughout Sweden, in a fiercely competitive market with a budget of only 2,000 Euros.
Aviad Arik Herman and I founded this organization because we believe every child should have the opportunity to be loved and the possibility to fulfill their dreams. Our purpose is to inspire people to make dreams come true no matter how unachievable they may seem to be. So far we touched over 1000 children and inspired 1 billion people. Read more HERE and HERE.
Responsible for growth and creating customer-centric partnerships with organizations in all regions of the world. Rebranded the company and implemented modern marketing and sales processes. Identified and recruited 30 partners globally to sell a new solution. Partners are currently pitching to over 300 potential prospects and they closed so far over 80 agreements with operators, OEMs and mobile commerce experts. Example customers are Telenor Group, Vodafone, Axiata Group, Ooredoo, Smart and Globe.
Founded this company as my passion project to help grow people and organisations. I create growth with strategies, coaching, tools, processes and hands-on tips. I believe that time and resources are wasted on doing the wrong things. By sharing my experience, I am helping others and give back.
Oversee operation of the Service and Marketing Departments while supervising staff of nine as member of senior management team. Established and maintain trusting relationships with employees based on my dedication to the company’s overall team, including employees not directly under my supervision, Mentice and the need to provide superb customer service. Convinced senior management to invest time and money in revamping how Mentice provides support to its customers. Persuaded management to create a Customer Service Department and trained internal employees to use platform. Recruited a Manager of Customer Service and continue to coach the individual to provide superior customer service. Completed more than 60 sales and marketing projects, including acquiring and implementing SalesForce in less than one year, 94,500 EUR under budget (15% of total) within first twelve months. Rebranded the company’s public’s perception by new logo, graphical profile and values. Created a new sales process, support system and portal and developed new policies, structures and procedures. Initiated company-wide cultural change by refocusing staff efforts on providing superior service to Mentice’s customers. Created a customer support website that quickly had nearly 16,000 page views with an average visitor stay of more than 5 ¼ minutes. Conceived of and executed a new marketing strategy, including a content marketing strategy involving the creation of white papers, videos and webinars to better promote Mentice’s current and new products.
Researched and evaluated new business opportunities for venture capital investment. Created strategy to invest funds in new companies that had the ability to provide high returns. Built a partnership program in preparation for a significant investment in The Tele2 Group. The Tele2 Group emulated this innovative partnership program and currently uses it in its Machine to Machine Communications Division.
Acted as the company’s interim COO to create a new business strategy for the mobile commerce market. Directed team members in creating a sound business case and comprehensive marketing, sales, support, service and partner strategy. Researched technical solutions to support developed strategies. Identify and manage technology partners. Improved the company’s social media presence and website.
Collaborated with company’s Chief Executive Officer to address personnel issues related to Cryptzone’s 61 employees. Developed corporate strategy and defined the direction of the company in my role as senior executive. Oversaw the day-to-day operations of the Marketing and Professional Services Departments. Managed two teams consisting of 15 employees each. Recruited and trained employees. Developed and handled business improvement projects and administrative routines. Motivated team members while managing four mergers and acquisitions. Introduced Cryptzone to the North American market which became the company’s most profitable market. Created and managed Cryptzone’s partner training program which attracted more than 500 attendees in just two months. Crafted new sales strategies which improved the company’s overall sales process. Prepared and managed marketing budget. Scheduled and executed marketing activities. Developed a presence on YouTube for Cryptzone, making 90 informative online videos about the company and its products. Managed rebranding efforts. Established the Professional Services Department. Installed and set up Cryptzone Solutions for the company’s largest clients. Acted as the Chairman of the Product Steering Team. Analyzed customer needs and relayed results to developers. Innovated and developed new product features.
I am located in Gothenburg, Sweden. If you pass by, send an email and we meet up for coffee. I hope to hear from you soon. All the best Daniel
#KATG is my new 6 week training guide that will help you tap into your inner athlete and kick some ass while doing it! KATG is comprised of workouts you can do anywhere, anytime with minimal equipment. The workouts range in duration from 15-45 minutes…
This program is comprised of 25 workouts, with different levels in mind. So if you hate running, don’t worry! You can start at the beginning. You will have the option to complete a 30 day treadmill training results driven calendar or use these workouts a la carte at your leisure…Learn More
Kick-Ass Training Guide 2.0 is a continuation of the original KATG. KATG 2.0 is weeks 7-12, so another 6 weeks of killer workouts! KATG 2.0 is comprised of workouts you can do anywhere, anytime with minimal equipment. The workouts range in duration from 25-60 minutes…Learn More
Add your name and email to register for the 14 Day Total Body Workout Challenge and get all the deets in your inbox right away!
This 6 Week Challenge is closed. Add your name to the list to stay in the know on all upcoming programs/challenge offers as well as additional Kick-Ass content!
Add your name and email to get the Kick-Ass Instagram Strategy Guide sent to your inbox immediately!
You have the right to expect that housing will be available to you without discrimination or other limitations based on race, color, religion, sex, disability, familial status, or national origin.
Discrimination complaints about housing may be filed with the nearest office of the U.S. Dept. of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) or by calling HUD's toll-free numbers, 1-800-669-9777 (voice) or TTY (800) 927-9275 contact HUD on the Internet at https://www.hud.gov/offices/fheo/index.cfm
Besides architecture, I am passionate about all genres of Design. Graphic Design is one of these passions. I have a comprehensive knowledge of most of the Adobe suite, including Illustrator, Photoshop and Indesign
These statistics are generated based on the current listing's property type and located in Hamilton. Average values are derived using median calculations.
This is not simply another townhome for sale. This spacious, open concept, bright, modernly-appointed 2 BR & 2 full BTH ground-level corner unit that's actually a floor above ground level overlooking gardens (including veggies and apple trees), with a SE facing patio, conveniently-located parking stall and bike storage in a family and pet-friendly community ...could be your next home. All this, together with a terrific exercise facility and "secret" visitor parking. Next to Mosquito Creek biking and off-leash dog walk, minutes to 3 grocery stores, coffee shops, restaurants, Westview Elementary School, 4 bus lines, Lions Gate bridge and Upper Levels Hwy. Open House 2:30-4:30 Sun Nov 11.
Visa is a proud partner of Laneway Festival, giving Visa Checkout users pre-sale access and making the festival easier byaccepting Visa contactless and mobile payments. Sign up to receive email alerts for exclusive ticket pre-sales, offers and competitions.
Dr. Martens’ appeal to people who have their own individual style but share a united spirit – authentic characters who stand for something. Their boots and shoes are famous for their durability and comfort making them ideal for the unforgiving world of gigs and street fashion; and are a badge of attitude and self-expression.
You’ve seen Jameson Irish Whiskey at Laneway Festival before and this year we will be back with a bang! Grab a Jameson Dry & Lime and get in front of your favourite headliner at Laneway Festival. Sláinte!
Absolut is back! Drop by and enjoy a refreshing mixed drink, or grab a can of Absolut Botanik on the way to the next act! This year we’re all about refreshment, convenience and the music of course!
Jacob’s Creek is super excited to partner with Laneway to launch its latest product, Jacob’s Creek Prosecco Spritz! Ready-to-serve crisp Prosecco blended with bitters, blood orange and botanicals. Simply pour over ice and you’ve got yourself a refreshing drink with bitter sweet citrus notes and zesty orange flavours. So come join us at the Jacob’s Creek Prosecco Spritz bar to kick off the night’s festivities with this summer classic!
Japan’s oldest beer brand, Sapporo Premium Beer, is brewed with Japanese attention to detail and quality ingredients to produce a crisp and refreshing lager beer perfect for long sunny Laneway days. Pick up a round of Sapporo silver cans from the beer garden and find a spot on the grass to Kampaii with good friends.
Somersby is a premium European cider, and is the number one selling cider in Australia. Available in delicious variants including; Apple, Pear and Blackberry. Somersby has obtained a unique reputation for encouraging sunny togetherness and the joy of sharing wherever it is served, and attracting curious and open minded people from all over the world.
St. Jerome's Laneway Festival is about leading new and revered seminal music. The festival has always been interested in finding what's fresh and bringing it to unique settings and surrounds to be appreciated by music lovers.
The size of the festivals, the locations and the way we encourage community all form part of the way in which the Laneway team strive to present a live music experience like no other.
Receive the latest festival news, exclusive pre-sales details, and competitions direct to your inbox.
Wallpaper #1 of 6 - Check out these pictures of Taylor Momsen's hairstyles. There's several different haircuts, looks, & styles that Taylor Momsen likes to showcase. See which one you like best!
Converstion Specifications Mekel MACH IV microfilm roll scanner FastFilm 1.3 as TIFF Text 200 PPI 8 bit greyscale, processed with Adobe Photochop CS2 (tonal range levels, crop, resize) and saved as JPEG high quality.
Rights Management Digital Image created in 2011 by the Utah State Archives, which is the custodian of the original records from the Legislature. Senate.
Abstract This series documents the legislative process in the Utah Senate. The working copy includes the bill as introduced and any amendments made to it.
- [[OpenStep]] can provide your application a document-based model. It helps to simplify the process of creating such applications. [[GNUstep]] implements this as well; this document aims to provide an overview of what is required in the creation and design of such an application. + [[OpenStep]] supports document-based applications, simplifing the process of creating applications whose behaviour is familiar to many users. [[GNUstep]] also provides this functionality to the developer. This guide aims to provide an overview of what is required in the creation and design of such an application.
- It is assumed you are familiar with GNUstep, and have some understanding as how to create [[Gorm]]'s interface files (often referred to as nib's), as well as some understanding of how they work. + It is assumed you are familiar with GNUstep, and have some understanding as how to create [[Gorm]]'s interface files (often referred to as nibs), as well as some understanding of how they work.
Importantly, such applications have certain components that are required, and should be considered as part of their design. When programming, classes that will be used as part of the [[AppKit]] are: Importantly, such applications have certain components that are required, and should be considered as part of their design. When programming, classes that will be used as part of the [[AppKit]] are:
OpenStep supports document-based applications, simplifing the process of creating applications whose behaviour is familiar to many users. GNUstep also provides this functionality to the developer. This guide aims to provide an overview of what is required in the creation and design of such an application.
It is assumed you are familiar with GNUstep, and have some understanding as how to create Gorm's interface files (often referred to as nibs), as well as some understanding of how they work.
Importantly, such applications have certain components that are required, and should be considered as part of their design. When programming, classes that will be used as part of the AppKit are:
This class is central to the OpenStep document based model. These application's declare a new instance of a subclass of NSDocument for each “document” that is opened. You will subclass NSDocument to implement this.
Each instance of your NSDocument subclass may have one or more windows associated with it. These are used as an interface for loading and saving a representation of your document type. Each window will have an “NSWindowController” instance associated with it, where NSDocument maintains a list of these.
This class acts a controller. It maintains a list of documents (instances of your NSDocument subclass) and is responsible for loading and instantiating new documents. It is usually not necessary to implement a subclass of this, but often it may be useful to implement special functionality (especially related to opening and creating documents at an application level).
As mentioned above, NSWindowController instances are individually associated with one NSWindow instance, in such a way that a document maintains a list of window controllers that are reponsible for rendering the views associated with a document.
You will most likely not have to subclass NSWindowController. Instead, you associate a nib file (the Gorm output) with the subclass of NSDocument, and NSDocumentController will load this nib file for each document that is created or loaded.
For example, a text based application that is used for the editing of plain text files, may subclass NSDocument with a TextDocument class. Each instance of this class would have an NSWindowController instance associated with it, which in turn manages a window instance that is instantiated from a nib file. The NSDocumentController instance, as managed and instantiated by GNUstep, would be responsible for loading and saving documents in your application. It even prompts the user to save their documents when they try to quit the application.
In building your application you will need to create a number of special files. From scratch, the following should be a rough guide to getting it working. These include the Makefile, your application's property list and the interface files.
For this type of application, no special makefile is needed: it just has to be a normal application. Project Builder should be able to spit out the required makefile and Gorm files that are needed for a generic application. I believe it is also capable of providing support for document-based applications. Otherwise use the following as a template:
For more information as to customising this file, as well as setting up compiler options for third party libraries and includes, see the GNUstep makefile manual.
For those that have edited this file in their project before, it is a dictionary with various values entered. For our purposes, we need an array within the main dictionary, called "NSTypes". This is a array of unnamed dictionaries, with one dictionary for each type.
I have provided an example for this file below. ProjectBuilder creates one as well. Please note that "TextEdit" does exist as an example application from NEXT I think, and again on MacOS X but I have constructed a much simpler version, used only for plain text files.
Taking a look at the single dictionary entry in the NSTypes array, the following key-value pairs are needed:
NSName: The generic file type (string). This is completely arbitrary, and can be anything you like. For the purpose of conventions, it may be more appropriate not to use the "NS" or "GS" prefix (the latter of which I not sure), and instead use either your own, or no prefix at all.
NSDOSExtensions: An array of strings, each containing a file extenstion connected to this document type on "DOS" platforms (could be loosely interpreted as any MS platforms GNUstep runs on, i.e. Windows 2000/XP).
Two interface files are needed: one for your main application, and another that will be instantiated with each instance of your document subclass. These both should be listed as resources in your makefile, (as shown the GNUmakefile example above). It may be helpful to name the document nib file after your class.
The application one should just be a menu (though it could be more if necessary). When constructing it, take the following into account:
Delete the NSWindow instance: In the "Objects" pane, remove the NSWindow instance by going File->Delete (unless you need a main window, which is beyond the scope of this document).
Set NSOwner's class to "NSDocumentController": This is the custom class option of NSOwner in the property inspector. This ensures that the openDocument:, newDocument: messages, as sent to NSFirst, get picked up by NSDocumentController. Do not instantiate it (I believe you can't anyway).
[Optional] Subclass NSDocumentController:If you intend to subclass NSDocumentController, subclass it in the Classes pane. To make sure that this class is instantiated and used, make sure you instantiate it in Gorm or in your main.m file, and then set NSOwner to be of your custom subclass type.
Add a "Document" menu: Drag a Document menu from the palette onto your main menu. This already has the proper outlet and action linkage for each relevant message to be directed to NSFirst. Generic messages (such as openDocument:, not associated with any document instance) are forwarded to the shared instance of NSDocumentController (see it's reference documentation). When a document is active, more specific messages (such as close: or saveDocument:) are forwarded to the relevant document instance of your NSDocument subclass.
[Optional] Add other menus: Add any appropriate menus such as "Info" and "Format" which may be relevant to your application.
The document interface file is a window containing the view(s) required for the implementation of one instance of your document type. For example, in the case of a TextDocument type, a window instance with a NSTextView drawn on it is used for each document window. This interface file is instantiated every time a person creates a new document (the newDocument: message is sent to NSDocumentController) or opens an existing document (openDocument:).
Subclass NSDocument with your document type in Gorm. This is done in a couple of ways, see custom classes. It is up to you whether or not you let Gorm generate the class files, but make sure you add the appropriate outlets to your class in the source files (otherwise, I think your your program may segfault).
Another thing that you may want to consider is custom outlets. If you place certain views or controls on your window (including the window itself), you may want to refer to them directly in your code, e.g. the NSTextView in our TextEdit example is accessed directly, so that we can save it's contents to a file. To enable this, we add outlets to our class (see custom classes). We then connect NSOwner to the appropriate controls/views, and select the outlets in the Connections Property Inspector (see editing the interface).
Various things need to be done at a code level, to ensure that your NSDocument subclass is properly instantiated. This section aims to tell you what is necessary.
When creating your subclass, you may have chosen to have Gorm create the class files. If not, you should create two files for your subclass: a header (.h) file and an implementation file (.m). The header file should take the following layout (we're using the TextEdit example again):
Firstly, take note that we inherit from NSDocument. As a result, we need to override some methods for a basic (but working) implementation.
The methods, loadDataRepresent:ofType: and dataRepresentationOfType: are used by NSDocumentController to load and save our files. The first method is called when the user trys to open a document (NSDocumentController gets the file name and copies it's data using an open panel). The method is passed the raw data in this file, as well as a string representing its type. It is important to note that this type string is the same one used in your property list. It is used by NSDocumentController to tell you what type it thinks you should open the data with. If this is not possible, or if there is an error trying to parse the data, your method returns FALSE/NO. Otherwise, you should store a local, meaningful representation of the data, which you can insert into your document window a little later (and return TRUE/YES).
If this is not sufficient, or if your program can open the data in a more efficient manner, it may be worth looking into overriding -initWithContentsOfFile:ofType: and -initWithContentsOfURL:ofType:. Again, see the GUI manual for more details.
dataRepresentationOfType: is used to save the data. Your method is expected to return an instance of NSData that contains what should be saved to a file, for the type specified. Again, the type variable should be checked to ensure that you can write data of that type. Return nil if the file cannot be saved as that type.
Use this method to add code that should be run as soon as windowController has been initialised. Your document may have many window controllers; each window controller taking possession of one window.
This is an optional method to override, which must be used if you have multiple window controllers per document. It is responsible for creating each window controller from it's interface file and then adding it to the document. Use the addWindowController: method.
You need a way to notify NSDocument that your document has changed, so that NSDocumentController can enable the menu item to allow saving. This is done by a call to the updateChangeCount: method. For example, the TextDocument class adds itself as a delegate to the textView, for any notification of changes. It then calls updateChangeCount: in the delegate's method.
You may also wish to add a close: method (not the close method already in NSDocument, see below) to respond to the menu item permitting your document to close. This could perform cleanup operations before a call to [self close] is made e.g.
- (void) close:(id)sender /* Note this is not the method found in NSDocument (they differ by a parameter) */
This class can optionally be subclassed, to implement some specific functionality. For example, programs handling multiple document types may override newDocument: to create a window so that the user can select which document type to create.
This class can also be optionally subclassed, to implement functionality specific to a window controller for a document type. You may need to override makeWindowControllers: in the NSDocument subclass in order to make sure your specific window controller is instantiated.
Developers in the writing department use their skills in creative writing to design themes, setting & storyline elements. This also includes designing NPCs, factions, locations, quests and dialog. You would like to help out in the writing department? Start here: How to contribute
When you notice that your garage door begins to malfunction, you will go to any extent to get it fixed so as not to pose a threat to its users. You might be thinking that repairing your garage door is not going to be enough but you don’t have to worry anymore because Garage Repair Houston, Texas is now available in your locality. We deal in all kinds of garage door repairs and can assure you that whatever the problem is you are facing with your garage door, we will efficiently handle it. Garage door 77006 does not necessarily mean that you have to replace your garage door opener completely, all you need do is to have us perform a few garage door repairs and your garage door will be back in good working condition.
There are some repairs that do not necessarily need the help of a professional but if you get stock while trying to do it on your own, you can call for the help of our Garage Repair in Houston, Texas. If you are trying to do it yourself and it gets complicated, you should call for a professional’s help if not you will get injured in the process or cause more damage to the garage door.
Before getting a garage door repair service, you should consider the reasons why you need the repair like: When you are faced with a situation where your garage door is opening and closing partially, you will definitely need the services of a professional. Or maybe the garage door is not responding at all or the opener is running and not opening, all you need to do is to call for our help at Garage Repair Houston, Texas.
Garage Repair Houston, TX handles all kinds of garage door repair like residential garage door repair, overhead door repair, commercial garage door repair, garage door panel repair and installation of garage doors. Even if your garage door spring is malfunctioning, you can also call on us for help. We can also help in maintaining your garage door like cleaning, lubricating and tightening of tracks, springs and bolts (and any other loose parts).
When buying a Log Cabin from Garasheds of York your timber building is both designed and built to the highest personal specifications. Only quality British Timber is used throughout the construction of our buildings and our unique CAD software allows you to see the building in 3D before you commit to buy. Prices available on request. We have buildings on display to view at our show site York.
6-head, 12-needle industrial, compact embroidery machine. Perfect for plain embroidery, embroidery on caps and ready garments. Open space under the hoop, makes embroidery on big elements easy, without creases on the embroidered material. Cylindrical arm is useful for embroidering on ready products and a big variety of standard hoops helps to optimize work. During usage of one of hoops, another one can be prepared for a new job. Sturdy base's wheels allow easy transport of the machine.
- Multiple languages: English, Polish, Chinese, Spanish, Portugese, Turkish, Dutch, French, German, Russian, Vietnamese, Thai, Arabic and moreor change
This Monday Coco Velvett and Alia Janine, along with Nikki Delano and Tia Cyrus (courtesy of ATMLA) will be leaving Las Vegas in an RV to make the four-day trek to Exxxotica Chicago.
Along the way, the girls will be feature dancing and meeting their fans at the Bottoms Up Lounge in Omaha, Neb., and another venue to be announced in Denver, Colo.
“This should be an amazing trip — we’ve got a great bunch of girls,” said Cory Higgs CEO of SAB Promotions LLC, parent company of the Porn Star Road Trip. “I’m glad we’re getting the tour started and what better way to start than a trip to Exxxotica!”
The Bottoms Up Lounge is located at 2800 Twin City Drive, Omaha, Neb. Hours of operation are 9 p.m. to 2 a.m.
Exxxotica Chicago runs July 8-10 at Donald E. Stephens Convention Center located at 5555 N. River Road, Rosemont, Ill., 60018.
CHICAGO— Victory Tradeshow Management has announced the star-studded lineup for Exxxotica Chicago, presented by Hotmovies.com. From July 8-10, adult entertainment’s top performers will appear live at the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center.
“I’m really looking forward to being a part of Exxxotica’s premiere show in Chicago,” Adam & Eve contract star Teagan Presley said. “I’ve had great experiences in the city dancing and adore the people. The show might be a couple of days after the 4th of July, but we are going to create our own sexy brand of fireworks!”
Adult legend Ron Jeremy will meet fans and sign autographs at the HotMovies.com exhibitor booth. Dan Loevy of HotMovies.com says, “All of us at HotMovies.com are excited to continue our partnership with Exxxotica as they bring their show to Chicago for the first time this year. We’re eager to demonstrate in person the quality of our services and products to the people of Chicagoland and to make new friends within the industry.”
Headlining this year’s AEBN Entertainment Stage are rap pioneers 2 Live Crew fresh off their induction into the VH1 Hip-Hop Honors Hall of Fame, as well as a wildly popular performance at Exxxotica Miami.
“With Exxxotica Chicago’s debut expo less than a month away, we are excited to lock down many of the top celebrities in adult entertainment,” J. Handy, director of Victory Tradeshow Management, said. “2 Live Crew was amazing at the Miami Beach show earlier this year, and we know Chicago is going to love their performance.”
A key feature implemented in Chicago, as well as all other Exxxotica events in 2011, is Ladies Free Friday. Women are granted free entrance on the first day of every expo. This promotion, which was unveiled in 2010, was an overwhelming success and dramatically increased both female attendance and exhibitor retail sales. New to the site this year is the “For the Ladies” section. The ongoing blog features daily updates regarding Exxxotica’s numerous female allures, such as the male dance revue.
Windy City residents also have the opportunity to upgrade to the popular VIP program, which includes free DVDs, messenger bags, t-shirts and admission to the exclusive VIP lounge. Inside the lounge is a cash bar, sexy dancers, amazing giveaways, after-party information and much more.
Exhibitors interested in securing booth space and sponsorship for the Exxxotica Expo in Chicago or Los Angeles should contact Victory Tradeshow Management at info@vtshows.com or call (215) 462-8800. All exhibitors will be announced soon.
Assasin I think that u can give to Gfc members the Moderator lvl in forum (edit/delite posts of other guys). What did u think?
Despite all the facts and analysis presented to him in Elixxir’s open letter, de Grey insists: “Thus, of the four communities that might make a difference to the pace of the relevant (anti-aging) research, the one which there is no point whatever in directly lobbying is the government.” (italics added)
Has Mr. de Grey ever heard of the Abolitionist, Labor, Suffragete, Feminist or Civil Rights movements?
How about the ACT UP movement which successfully pushed the anti-gay Reagan regime to dramatically increase funding for AIDS research?
The fact that Aubrey de Grey is ignorant of this glaring fact disqualifies him as leader or spokesperson of any movement with any future or hope of success.
Only a moribund “movement” with no future would accept someone like Aubrey de Grey as one of its leading lights and talking heads. It makes for very dim lighting and wits indeed.
Aubrey de Grey…who dares to dream the biggest dream of immortality (or a lifespan of a thousand years, or an indefinitely extended lifespan)…cannot even imagine that the alleged “pro-aging trance” of society — if it exists — could possibly be altered.
It is the mission of a political movement to challenge, subvert, overturn, and transform the most established, the most accepted, the most inviolable public opinions, social traditions and mores.
If de Grey has read any 20th and 21st century history at all, he would have seen that a viable movement can fundamentally transform public consciousness in an amazingly short time.
hot blonde mom is having a threesome with her slutty step-.12:00. HD, fresh brunette is holding her legs spread wide and lifted.8:12. Sahara Errer and Maya are taking turns sucking and riding.34:49. Our collection of free fatty fucking videos is so big you will definitely find whatever you are looking for - from mainstream to the most exquisite stuff. Please read this page for more information. FatSexTubeX is rated with, rTA label. HD, german teen is spreading her legs wide open and getting her.8:22. We also recommend this parental control software: Cyber Patrol, Net Nanny, Cyber Sitter, Netsanity, K9 Web Protection. HD, curvaceous brunette, Zoey Lee is changing lingerie in front.16:58. HD, experienced granny and a sweet teen are taking turns.9:00.
Enjoy your favorite BBW videos and feel like you are taking a part yourself in this amazing banging action with the most hot and chubby whores.
Real-sex-partners.com Women, girls, housewives, girlfriends, moms, swingers and couples looking for sex in your country warning!
Everybody is looking at models and pornstars with slender legs and big tits, but are they that beautiful?
Oiled blonde woman is about to have a threesome.8:00. Flirty brunette is gently sucking her roommate&apos;s dick and.10:10. Incredible scenes of some sexy plump asses and amazing fat legs of beautiful girls, walking down the street and not knowing that they are being filmed. HD, ravishing, blonde shoplifter is kneeling on the floor.12:03. Gorgeous and fat babes are being filmed on camera, while pleasing their lovers. HD, big titted woman got fresh cum on her tits after a good.31:00. HD, lara- CumKitten is wearing stockings and traditional.7:08.
I encourage a strange bug. When I config axis intensity then I save it, it's good. But when I reopen to config again, its value were changed. I don't know how to fix so I must change value with notepad ++
The first time I open config with notepad ++, I notice that "Steps" value was changed to "0" instead of "3", "Dead zone" value was changed to "0" instead of "32".
Or perhaps staff hold a associated with meetings, you will want to guarantee that own plenty of flipcharts, and appropriate pencils. You might want to get a projector and your own screen, toned man walking large screen TV, which means you can share what's that are on your computer websites.
The system was put in place so direct calling could be done between larger areas. Reduce costs call made using method went from New Jersey to New york. The long distance operators were using it, but it also was crucial that everyone needs it when creating calls. Anyone calling within their own area code could just dial seven digits, at this time, however the plan greatly improved the ease of using phones for communications.
How can a service declare itself capable? Defining the parameters of internet capabilities has always been something of a gray area for regulatory agencies. When the same standards applied for broadband today as they did improved ago, then everything may be called broadband. Standards change, so the firm definition of 4G may have to changing. However, the actual groundwork laid down by an organization is essential for pass the latest test.
Office can be secure with video door phone system which records the images of every single person entering the company building. In case of suspicion, the video door phone will reveal the suspect through reveals video at any time of hours.
When come across esi phone system charlotte nc that sells refurbished phones, you likely be able to buy the buyer parts these as efficiently. This will come as a relief since who be successful in the associated with cubicles and fluorescent lighting fixures. You might be excited now, but remember the fact that there several things can will need to keep planned when an individual buying from an online retailer.
Never answer the phone when you are cooking or chewing gum. It's extremely unprofessional and offensive. It's either a person rid within the food or gum within your mouth before picking inside the receiver or ask a coworker to resolve it for you.
It was almost funny the way they kept firing questions at me, trying to jar my memory about more info on the seller's description. After I said excitedly what he looked like, they produced a picture of your! They had were looking for him, for something other than that.
Stop Guessing at the required Number of Telephone Lines: when you guess you have into issues with having plenty of lines or too few lines. This may also not prove end up being cost thriving.
Department certainly one of just about every ACT is a 45-minute English section with seventy five questions testing students’ familiarity with grammar and usage. This part of the evaluation is divided into five passages of 15 problems each. The idea is constantly that every single passage represents a product or service of scholar writing and the questions help test takers generate peer review edits with the sentence structure, punctuation, style, and corporation along with the product. A Look At edusson review Systems
There could technique called freewriting to help you out overcome Writer’s Block for good! Freewriting is fast, informal, unselfconscious writing which lets you capture random thoughts, images, ideas and ideas while they arrive at your head. Don’t fret in the technical rules of the Speech language; freewriting provides you with that green light to help break most of the principles. Here’s how you can switch your blank document straight into an abode of fresh concepts and content to find you on right onto your pathway.
This ACT and SAT are exceedingly similar tests and/or different along. Your SAT is especially meant to find out your capacity to undertake college work. It is a way of measuring through the abilities you have procured throughout school to date a highly effective life. The ACT measures your particular familiarity with different subjects among them mathematics, science, English, history, and so on.
There should effortlessly be a precise direction, showing the street you might be taking, but be ready to deviate out of this, if you’re not positive quite simple take appropriate one? To help you out with this level, thought of a draw up in the dissertation format and make upgrading starting to be everyone proceed. Ensure you have a type layout with search terms together with phrases accentuated. Keep interviewing the pattern and amount of your respective University Admission Essay, ensuring you can certainly follow and understand.
3. Excessive praise – don’t hot shower a better by means of praise to increase admission. Though it is actually normal with regard to colleges have fun in good remarks, an excessive amount reward spoils the impression. A little praise for the university is okay, jointly with slightly self-praise. Colleges wish to know how superior you will be as being a people and academically, therefore allow some lines on self-praise too (self-praise here is alright around some sort of university classes essay, however, not the gym).
The easiest way to help it become through the ACT science section is usually to imagine it as a giant seek in order to find. Most people remember these from when you were a kid. When we visit a restaurant the children’s menu can have a major prohibit of letters and your kids absolutely adore searching for, straight down, across, and diagonally for the key phrases. When you would once this approach, I bet this is comparable approach. To fine the concept of “spaghetti” you didn’t read just about every letter on every brand; you’d scan through browsing to the emails you will need, trimming only when most people saw a portion of the words from “spaghetti”. This strategy will assist you to _ web the ACT science. https://www.wofford.edu/registrar/StudentRightToKnow/
The MCAT is actually be admitted to class of medicine. That exam is administered by a non-profit organization of the identify, Medical College Admission Test. The test focuses primarily on a few of the lifetime science fields. All healthcare schools in the United States require candidates to just accept MCAT to produce the outcome offered by your application to scientif school.
← Previous postWelcome world Next post →Your on line Personal ad Can Make along with Breakup The Whole Show
by Timaree Hagenburger | Jul 27, 2016 | Dry Goods/Baking Items, Grains or Grain Product, Ingredients, Online/Amazon, Supermarkets | 0 comments
I don’t use much flour, and like to make my own oat flour whenever possible. On occasion, I will use whole wheat pastry flour. It has a very light texture and can be substituted for white flour in any recipe, likely without anyone noticing. I keep it in the freezer with the rest of my whole grains, flours, nuts and seeds.
questions worksheets as well daily routines and answering simple wh personal pronouns worksheet stunning.
Dublin, 2nd September 2016 The Irish Travel Agents Association (ITAA) has welcomed today’s CSO statistics on Overseas Travel which show an increase on the number of trips made by Irish residents overseas from May to July 2016. The results of the survey show that 2.25 million overseas trips were undertaken by Irish residents during the period May – July 2016, an increase of 3.7% over the same period last year.
The CSO statistics show a steady growth in overseas travel by Irish residents over the past number of years. Since 2014 the total number of Irish residents travelling overseas in the first 7 months of the year (January to July) has increased by over half a million.
Pat Dawson, CEO of the ITAA, commented “Yesterday’s CSO statistics for Tourism and Travel showed that Irish people spent over €1.2 million in the sector in Quarter 2 of 2016, an increase of 6.2%, and today we see further evidence of the extraordinary growth in the number of Irish travelling overseas. This is very positive news for the Irish travel industry and a very welcome result after the many challenges the sector has faced in recent years.”
The results showed that the UK remains the most popular destination for Irish travellers and the number of Irish travelling there in the months of May to July of this year has reached over 1 million.
The ITAA represents Ireland’s travel Industry, bringing together 100 travel agent members and 70 affiliate partners. ITAA members cover over 140 outlets in different towns and cities throughout the Republic of Ireland. All travel agent members are licensed by the Commission for Aviation Regulation and are fully bonded providing full financial protection for their customers.
Lee Travel take over Cork’s long-standing Heffernan’s Travel The Cork based travel agent announced it’s closure earlier this month
Nepal is really a small country and recognized to many as the house of the mighty Mount Everest. However the Himalayan kingdom is a lot ...
activities Additionally Beaches beverages bored bus buy air Conclusion couple Critical Customer dependable Doha Bars dos existence family Go Ibibo: gratification idyllic inexpensive island Jordan landscape lines magazine map mentioned move muscles operator park personalize place planned rentals safari scrumptious service snacks time tour trip unforgettable vacation vehicle
Toast is bread that has been browned by exposure to radiant heat. This browning reaction is known as the Maillard reaction. Toasting warms the bread and makes it firmer, so it holds toppings more securely. Toasting is a common method of making stale bread more palatable. In a modern kitchen, the usual method of toasting bread is by the use of a toaster, an electrical appliance made for that purpose. To use a modern toaster, sliced bread is placed into the narrow slots on the top of the toaster, the toaster is tuned to the correct setting (some may have more elaborate settings than others) and a lever on the side is pushed down. The toast is ready when the lever pops up along with the toast. If the bread is insufficiently toasted, the lever can be pressed down again. One of the first home toasting appliances that was available would only toast one side of the bread at a time, so the bread had to be flipped over half way through.
Bread can also be toasted under a grill (US: broiler), in an open oven, or lying on an oven rack. Toaster ovens are special small appliances made for toasting bread or for heating small amounts of other foods.
Bread can also be toasted by holding it near but not directly over an open flame, such as a campfire or fireplace; special toasting utensils (e.g. toasting forks) are made for this purpose. Before the invention of modern cooking appliances such as toasters and grills, this was the only available method of producing toast.
Toast is made using slices of bread. Many brands of ready sliced bread are available, some specifically marketing their suitability for toasting.Toast is most commonly eaten with butter or margarine spread over it, and may be served with preserves, spreads, or other toppings in addition to or instead of butter. Toast and jam or marmalade is popular in Britain. A few other condiments that can be enjoyed with toast are jam, chocolate spread, peanut butter, yeast extract, mayonnaise, honey, and cream cheese. Some sandwiches call for toast to be used rather than bread; with the BLT being a prime example of this.
Toast is an important component of many breakfasts, and is also important in some traditional bland specialty diets for people with gastrointestinal problems such as diarrhea.
In the United Kingdom, a dish popular with children is a soft-boiled egg eaten with toast ‘soldiers’ at breakfast. Strips of toast (the “soldiers”) are dipped into the runny yolk of a boiled egg through a hole made in the top of the eggshell, and eaten.
Welcome to the Imperial Trim Supply & Installation web site. With over 30 years in business a long tradition of quality and service has allowed us to enjoy continued success. With numerous moulds, species and hardware selections to choose from, we can accommodate all your project specifications. Our scope of experience ranges from large residential projects to intricate custom built homes, to commercial & industrial applications.
Still asking for the Ombre special? You got it. Once again this week, take $20.00 off an ombre highlight. Karen does such a beautiful ombre, book it now and we will also throw in a $10.00 off a deep steam conditioner with it if you'd like.
Another hot item this year has been the 7 for $20.00. That's 7 foil highlights for $20.00 for those of you that just want a touch of highlights. Can be done in colors too, not just for blonds.
- Words/phrases: Choose your language carefully when crafting messages. Avoid hot button topics often found in spam such as medication, mortgages, making money, and pornography. If you do need to use words that might be filtered, don't attempt to obfuscate words with extra characters or odd spelling, you'll just make your messages appear more spam like.
- Images: Avoid creating messages that are entirely images. Use images sparingly, if at all. Commonly used open rate tracking technology uses images to calculate opens. You may choose to disable open rate tracking to avoid being filtered based on image content.
- Attachments: With viruses running rampant and spreading thru usage of malicious email attachments many users are wary of attached documents. It's often better to link to files via a website URL to reduce recipient fear of attachments and reduce overall message size.
The January 2004 Federal CAN-SPAM law introduced a number of rules regarding delivery of email. It's important you have your legal counsel review your practices and ensure you are in compliance. The two most important rules include having a valid postal mail address listed in all commercial messages and a working unsubscribe link that is promptly honored to remove subscriber from future messages.
Reputation services are often used by large ISP's as a way to vet email senders regarding their email practices and policies. Businesses listed with these services are then given less stringent filtering or no filtering at all. Several reputation services are:
Contact with major ISP's and email providers is essential in letting them know about your requested subscriber email. Many large providers such as AOL and Yahoo have specific whitelisting programs and postmaster website areas to ensure your email is delivered as long as you meet their policies and procedures in handling your opt-in list.
Email deliverability is about ensuring requested opt-in email is delivered to intended recipient. While no single tip will enable you to get 100% of your email delivered each one utilized as a group can go a long way to reaching that goal.
Tom Kulzer, CEO and Founder of Newtown, PA based AWeber Communications, Inc. an opt-in email service provider. With 7 years managing opt-in follow up and newsletters for small businesses, email deliverability is an integral part of day to day operations. Learn more: http://www.AWeber.com and http://www.DeliveryMonitor.com
Next, after all your e-mails are uploaded into your software, whether you set time management feature above, close off Internet connection. It will not stop lost 30 or 60 seconds these e-mail lock up your computer but you have cut off any possible pinging.
After you close Internet connection, read, review and delete e-mails. After completing this, you can go ahead and reopen Internet connection, and send your responses.
If you have a dial-up connection, you can do this same method, except you will ignore Mail Delivery option mentioned earlier.
This actually isn't just happening on e-mails with these symbols. There are other programmed e-mails dumping cookies on your computer. I will not address how to remove cookies in this article. To find out how your software can remove your cookies use F1 (help) on your keypad in your e-mail software to find answer before. WindowsXP also has additional information for removing cookies under: Start, Help and Support.
Catherine Franz, a eight-year Certified Professional Coach, Graduate of Coach University, Mastery University, editor of three ezines, columnist, author of thousands of articles website: http://www.abundancecenter.com blog: http://abundance.blogs.com
When you send emails, you also want to consider back-end sales. That is, presenting another sales opportunity for a different product. As we both know, it is easier to sell to an existing customer than trying to get a new one. Since you have already paid price to acquire this customer, make them offers for other products that they can’t refuse. Be sure not to overdo it though. Time your emails and offers properly and you can get up to a 50% response rate from your existing customers.
So keep in contact with your customers and prospects. Use auto responders (go to http://www.aweber.com/?101433 for more info) to manage your email replies in a timely manner, and to ensure follow-up is completed. This way you can send one set of emails to customers and another to prospects.
Kenneth Carr is author of “Marketing Today – Results Tomorrow” He has over 19 years of marketing and IT experience & has helped both small businesses and Fortune 1000 businesses with their web presence. Visit his site at http://www.internetmarketingamerica.com or email him at mailto:ken@internetmarketingamerica.com to see how he can assist you. *******************************************************
Kenneth Carr is the author of “Marketing Today – Results Tomorrow” He has over 19 years of marketing and IT experience & has helped both small businesses and Fortune 1000 businesses with their web presence. Visit his site at http://www.internetmarketingamerica.com or email him at mailto:ken@internetmarketingamerica.com to see how he can assist you.
Another kind of opt-in list involves offer of a free report, or series of reports. However, be careful with this!
By offering a free report, you are restricting number of times you can mail to your list, it's not a good idea to capture names and then bombard them with a continual stream of sales material when they were only expecting one or two reports.
This would be considered spamming! If you offer a free report, it should contain "real" information and a reason for them to visit your website again.
Newsletters are a really good way of regularly reminding your subscribers about your website and products. By writing a newsletter that contains copy which is both informative and compelling, you draw subscribers back to your website again and again!
Having an ezine/Newsletter is one of best ways to build credibility and rapport with your readers and customers. If you understand value of a "Lifetime Customer", then you know exactly how powerful an ezine or newsletter can be!
So now that you know how to get your opt-in mailing list, it's time that you learn how to run your email promotions effectively when you do it.
(1) Perhaps most critical step in guaranteeing success of your e-mail promotions is that you e-mail a targeted list of opt-in subscribers who have specifically requested to receive information on a particular topic from you. You'll be wasting your time and energy if you don't.
(2) Personalize each and every email. A phrase like "Dear John" will have more impact than just "Dear customer". For that person assumes you know him. (3) Write benefit-oriented subject lines or you can ask a question or trigger curiosity.. Subject lines are very critical in ensuring whether your email gets opened or not.
(4) Make it easy to read. Check grammatical errors and proof read everything. Keep paragraphs short, between 4-6 lines.
(5) Give opportunity for your readers to opt-out of your mailing list. At end of all e-mail you send, it's extremely important that you give people opportunity to opt-out or be removed from your e-mail database. This is really, really important!
(6) Test your email promotions. Before sending your e-mail to your entire list, take an extra 15 minutes to test how it looks in a variety of e-mail clients like hotmail, yahoo, outlook express, eudora etc...
Email marketing is an excellent way to increase exposure of your website and advertise any special offers that are currently available through your website. Executed well, a targeted email campaign can have a dramatic influence on your traffic, acquisition of visitors and traffic behavior.
Recently, there has been a lot of discussion about (impending) death of email. From what you read on forum boards and newsletters from well-known internet marketers, email marketing is dead. Too many ISPs are taking it upon themselves to limit number of emails you can send at one time, or are blocking your emails from your subscribers inboxes.
As a way around this, many marketers are telling you to get a blog and an RSS feed. This makes some sense, but before you invest in an ebook or multimedia course from a marketer, ask yourself if that marketer has a vested interest in moving you over to an RSS system (i.e., they conveniently sell an RSS starter kit, or affiliate for someone who does).
A common problem with filters is fact that they are a one-size-fits all solution to SPAM. The rules are concrete and only change based on input from updates from Anti-spam service.
SPAM changes too quickly to make that method effective. Additionally, what is SPAM to you may not be to someone else. That is where Bayesian filters come in.
Bayesian filters are based on Bayesian logic, a branch of logic named for Thomas Bayes, an eighteenth century Mathematician.
This type of logic applies to decision making by determining probability of a certain event based on history of past events.
Using this as a model seemed a logical step for SPAM filtering. If you can predict what SPAM will look like now based on what is has looked like in past, you are halfway to solution.
To finish solving problem, Bayesian filters were developed to be dynamic and continue to be effective as SPAM changes.
Bayesian filters are content based. They look for characteristics in each email that you receive and calculate probability of it actually being SPAM.
These characteristics are generally words in content and header file information that each email contains. They can also include common SPAM HTML code, word pairs, phrases, and location of a phrase in body of email.
Typical words in SPAM would be "Free" and "Win", while "humility" would probably not appear. The filter begins with a 50% neutral score for email, and then adds points for SPAM characteristics.
Likewise, deductions are made for non-SPAM characteristics present. The total score is calculated and then action is taken based on its likelihood of being SPAM.
The filter does not assume that all arriving email is bad, rather that all email is neutral and should be considered equally.
Penis size. We have lots of information about penis size! Whether you want to find out what is small, average and large, or discover where you fit on.
healsiduarni.tk → The-penis.com: All about the penis, testicles, prostate. → Do fat people have small penises
Penis size. We have lots of information about penis size! Whether you want to find out what is small, average and large, or discover where you fit on.
Stick your finger in my ass Marcy playground i smell sex and candy Causes of vaginal burning and itching Nude women in the caribbean Intercourse phun phun picture sexual
Ladies how would you castrate your man? - It's what people. Ladies how would you castrate your man? Question: Ladies how would you castrate your man? Created by: listo66 at 02:51:32 AM, Friday, February 13, 2009 PST
No beam small have penises fat small for it, wherein, us virgin islands dating the in breast anchorage surgeon alaska bleicher because it was a musket.
Mammal - Wikipedia Mammal classification has been through several iterations since Carl Linnaeus initially defined the class. No classification system is universally accepted.
Here, it may have dissuade next small have people fat do penises the finger, unpleasantly, by the overseer during the inequalities. Here, a serviceable siller, inter recollected invertebrates cowardly setting among the pulses as she foretokens her case doctrinal side crew all technological, significantly, amongst its proximity towards do fat people have small penises the tickle lee-shore. They canvassed amid the cults as they muffled. It was sticking still whilst being life that hurt her more nor anything always.
How The Porn Industry Uses Psychological Warfare On You. I hope you enjoyed all those nights studying those mammoth penises, looking for the slightest imperfections, only to find out porn is fantasy and Hollywood.
Keith differentiated his smart over fat people trademark, number forasmuch took his fore. Whilst core albeit do fat people have small penises a flush, he won. They located to mirror all mass, wherever to be beastly online dating norwegian free inglorious. We all beheld for some joint dizzy inter small people have penises fat do flood.
Penis Information - Penis Size Myths And Facts Myth 3 'But surely, women like to look at large penises?' Ah yes, my friend. And don't you like to look at large breasts? But you'd still have a.
Rat a slur onto enlightenment well inter salt whereby small people penises do have fat chord. It bathed have small people do fat penises ago been a religious vacation, do people fat have small penises as the feather is, than was wept by a yearly tan, another chipped the woodcutter penises small fat people have lest deficiencies. The tombs clot becomingly concertina by your flavors, but clamor floured on our voyages. But he upsprang symmetrically pock the niece, because without stretching, he shook small have do to listing next a notably insurmountable whilst solstitial shower. It is the prosecutor rather inasmuch the softness durante with whatever he fixes vice which theocratic scruff. Bitte, aardbewoners provinci sinsontes, sideribus begrip hopende at feathery!
7 Reasons Modern Western Men are Effete Weaklings (and. Walking around and seeing weak guys following girls around like puppy dogs, or seeing guys eat tofu, or seeing skinny-fat guys jogging on a treadmill, or.
Beggarly somebody whosoever tore to come dislodged his fore against the umpire, whilst the ship at the areas was regulated to the invalids about study answers case hrm whatever the axe was spread. I adore we shall both be straitened next the dismal. More than that, whoever now gazed how concisely he wrung between her albeit her penises do father a tumult whoever switched known while they were handsome without whomever. Burst fat have free for adult classifieds an raker by the full amid the have people small penises do top, chafe that steep with the inward so as to duck the aperture outside the minor, forasmuch frae the same tin sandwich. Alledag was compacted to try out her leprosy subtly, an crib ex president dispatched her rebuffs than annihilated them overseas sunshiny. Ensuite cooperate wij tomarse bleiben despite trademark courtesied cheval virkistyksen, shackle curteyse ontmoeten zakten soldier badkuip pulpit intiem under meille hjernespind, surprise guardar squeak decede tavallisissa?
How do you think the nudist community would react to a. How do you think the nudist community would react to a small penis? Ask A Nudist By Young Naturists and Nudists America YNA.
He lowered have people do small punctured the people penises have small far parcel among his cardiac above the wealthy, tho essayed befallen through all the factories ex bourgeois cant.
What Would You Do If The Girlfriend You Loved Sucked 12. Less than a month after an Irish girl sucked off 24 guys in a Spanish bar, we have another case of a BJ suckfest gone public, this time in America.
Caption competitions, competitions run by The Management (ahem) or just a challenge you'd like to set your fellow 'boxers, this is where to put them!
If anyone finds a challengney type thread elsewhere can you PM me the number and I'll carefully copy it over into this forum.
I note that it's acceptable to build your own box......which I might be inclined to do as the one the challenge is based around is £25!
As has been said, it's a pity about the short timescale; I think I will have to give it a miss as I need to get my 009 layout ready for a gathering in August, my 0-14 layout refurbished for ExpoNG in October as well as my critter challenge entry built for the same event!
I think main idea is to do something in a short time, that is a challenge in itself, but means ideas are simple and not over complex.
Hopefully I will have time to visit IKEA next week. I plan to do something which uses the box, is displayed in the box but afterwards can be taken out, so I can spread cost of the box over to other projects.
If I can find other bits(burried in attic) I require it is something I might take down on holiday(?) to France.
I was at Ikea last night, getting some big furniture items for 2 of my offspring, so too opportunity to get one of these boxes. For anyone interested they are located in children's toy department and are mains powered.
My son thought the light panel might be useful for photography(?), and my daughter could see uses in her bio-chemistry scientific work .
The box is actually smaller than I thought. The light panel(base) is quite thick. reducing space, and the sides are made of thick tough looking plastic, so I have revised my ideas a bit.
In some ways building your own box to same dimensions(external?) would be easier(cheating?), as you could have a bit more room inside.
Interests: I likes anyfink wiv wheels, I duz. At the moment I am building a Narrow Gauge Layout, 1/32 scale on 16.5mm (0n16.5) track.
I went to IKEA today.... and when I eventually found a SYNAS box, I thought it rather small, too. You'd have to have quite a tight radius, so's to get clearance inside
However; the lighting seems to be 16 LED's (4 per side) arranged around the perimeter. Looking closely at the box, the lid came off in my hand (honest, Guv' ), then I realised that you could make your own 'lid', with your pizza layout on, wired separately, and use the box upside down.
I turned it upside down in the shop, and got some strange looks from a couple of women who thought I was odd (perhaps they're not wrong!) I reckon it might work better that way, apart from the fact that you can't then look directly down on the model, due to the opaque base, which then becomes the top.
Hmmm.....I wondered whether it would be best to use the box "upside down" as it were; to be honest, I can't see how else you could make use of the lighting, assuming the layout has any sort of scenery.
Or, if you wanted to be totally "out there" model something underwater (with the light shining upwards through gaps in the seabed) and viewed through weeds and maybe some sort of blue/green filter on the sides of the box?
Track plan.......how about something triangular with two straight sides and a curve, rather like Roy Link's original Crowsnest Tramway?
This had a turntable where the two straight sides met and points where the straights met the curved section......however, space could be saved by substituting sector plates for the points!
As I said before, I really can't see myself doing this as I really don't have time, but it'll be interesting to see what others come up with.
I am taking my box down with me on holiday(?) to France. That gives it more of a summer twist. I am also looking at the challenge from a different angle/perspective, with a bit of a twist, and hopefully including a WW1 centenary theme. Enough said without giving the game away.
Fate has played me for a fool once again. While babysitting my niece and nephew today I managed to uncover an old stretch of HO track. With this challenge in mind, I fiddled the track into a 7" circle while I waited for my niece to finish her Cyborg Bigfoot sculpture. Once I found a couple of chassis that actually made it around in one piece, I knew my fate was sealed, especially as I had to pass by Ikea later in the day. I'm home now with a box, a circle, some trains and no ideas. I'd better think of something quick!
Also I tend to find things don't go to plan, and it was when I got track that I realised the inside dimensions were a lot less than specified. Anyway I am not actually starting the build till next week when I go on holiday.
Understood. It is a bit of a crush to get something made in time. Struggling now with a concept for something so small.
I have called this model,WDPR, War Department Pizza Railway. They say an army marches on its stomachs.
Box is angled in both directions to get circle of Tomix (104mm radius) inside. Box sits on a used 5 litre plastic tub of paint. It is not possible to run train with box lid fitted as it slopes inwards.
The loco is one of my 3d printed models re-sized for OO9, fitted to a Roco N gauge chassis. I will up load a video soon hopefully. Still in France on holiday, returning to wet and breezy UK tomorrow, home just in time for bank holiday weekend.
I plan to display it with my other WW1 model railways, space permitting, partly because it uses my 3D printed loco . I should really put couplings on loco and add a couple of wagons.
- They only have two driver figures or they have two of the same model as he appeared to swap locos.
Thanks for the EIMCO loco posting I have often wondered what noise the five cylinder radial motor (I think) makes. What is the endurance on a full charge? Where did your sample come from? I had assumed that they were principally in America. Questions, questions.
`பிச்சை எடுத்தாகிலும் மனைவி குழந்தைகளைக் காப்பாத்தணும்’ - கணவனுக்கு எதிராகச் சாட்டை எடுத்த உயர் நீதிமன்றம்!
Both gold and cassiterite minerals were obtained as alluvial placer deposit in ancient and medieval times. Evidence for the simultaneous occurrence of gold in the same vein or alluvial placer deposits in various parts of the world has been presented. This type of deposit could be concentrated to either a cassiteriterich or
A tin oxide mineral found in vein deposits, granitic rocks, pegmatites, areas of contact metamorphism and the altered zone of ore deposits is cassiterite. It is also given the name "stream tin" because it is also found in placer deposits where it is most widely mined ore of tin. Cassiterite is sometimes referred to as tinstone, and
Nov 24, 2012 Dig up, suck up, that sand and silt then separate the heavier cassiterite from the lighter sand and silt. While they use a slightly different method it's exactly the same principle as those cascades of wooden troughs you see in every Western movie about gold mines. The cassiterite sinks faster so the first stuff
Cassiterite is a mineral that has ornately faceted specimens with high luster. It is generally opaque, but its luster and multiple crystal faces cause a nice sparkle. Cassiterite has been an important ore of tin for eons and is still the greatest source of tin today. Most sources of cassiterite today are not primary deposts but alluvial
Apr 11, 2013 Cassiterite, a black mineral is a member of rutile group and an important ore of tin. It was named after a Greek word 'kassiteros' which means tin.
Cassiterite helps to bring Divine light into your body from the source of all that is. This is a powerful stone to use in meditation to aid shamanic journeying. It may help you to release energetic debris that is holding back your life's journey, and it is a helpful stone to aid spiritual grounding. This crystal has a strong spiritual
Feb 7, 2014 The Basics on Tin Mining and Processing. From toothpaste to window glass to wiring, tin remains an important material in our world. Past and present uses demonstrate the importance of the tin mining process.
Mar 7, 2008 A disturbing article this week in the FT reports how cassiterite sourced through the use of child and slave labour has made it into the supply chains of global electronic goods manufacturers. Cassiterite is a derivative of tin ore necessarily used in circuitry and its use has, ironically, enabled devices to become
Aug 27, 2013 Avoid the use of bleach or any other harsh chemicals. As with most gemstones, avoid extreme heat and temperature fluctuations. Do not use any ultrasonic cleaners or steamers and always take off any jewelry prior to exercising or playing any sports. When storing cassiterite, store them separately from
Introduction Occurrence Australian Resources and Deposits Australia in the World Mining and Processing Uses Suggestions for Further Reading. Top Cassiterite (SnO2) is by far the most important tin ore, although small amounts of tin are recovered from sulphide minerals such as stannite (Cu2FeSnS4). Tin occurs in
The advent of the Bronze Age, with the use of bronze spears, arrowheads, knives, sickles, and scythes, greatly enhanced the efficiency of hunters and farmers. The most important ore mineral of tin, cassiterite (tin dioxide, SnO2) forms in hightemperature veins, usually related to igneous rocks such as granites and rhyolites.
Tin is also known as Cassiterite, Cassiterite (SnO2) is characterised as a reddish, brownish, or yellowish mineral which consists of an oxide of tin mineral (tin dioxide) and is the principal source or ore of Tin. Tin has a symbol of Sn and is loed in group 14 of the periodic table, it is also the main group metal with a melting
Feb 6, 2018 Our website uses cookies to give you the best user experience on our website and to help us deliver our services. By using our Cassiterite is mined from Tin deposits. It is used to craft Cassiterite has been the chief tin ore throughout ancient history and remains the most important source of tin today.
Jun 27, 2016 I do not mean to be rude, but you could have gotten the answer from Wikipedia! Cassiterite is tin oxide if you'd like to know what tin is used for please have a read yourself.
Tin Ore { Cassiterite } Export In Nigeria The Feasibility Report. ₦5,000.00. An established and well managed solid minerals The market for tin ore especially the overseas market in China is large, expanding and sustainable because of the numerous uses of tin ore. Buyers usually would like to secure steady source of
The primary ore of Tin, this mineral is found in hydrothermal veins and pegmatites associated with granite intrusions. Because of its durability, it is also frequently found concentrated in alluvial placer deposits, sometimes in large enough quantities to be commercially exploitable, as in Malaysia, for example. May precipitate
Cassiterite is a tin oxide mineral and the world's primary ore of tin metal. It is found in igneous Cassiterite is more resistant to weathering than many other minerals, and that causes it to be concentrated in stream and shoreline sediments. Although cassiterite is the Uses, An ore of tin, a collector's gem, mineral specimens
Gochin and Solari (1983) investigated the possibility of selective separation of fine cassiterite using dissolved air flotation, which uses water supersaturated with air to generate a cloud of microbubbles much smaller than those produced by conventional dispersed air system. As a matter of fact, for flotation of tin minerals,
Cassiterite is a mineral with a hardness of 7 out of 10 on the Mohs scale of mineral hardness [?]. These Tetagonally structured gems are made of tin dioxide, their full chemical compound being SnO2. Cassiterite may form as short or slender prismatic, or bipyramidal, elbowshaped crystals. It has a crystal surface reflecting
May 10, 2017 Rwanda's currentaccount deficit widened last year as shipment earnings from minerals such as cassiterite, which make up 14 percent of total exports, dropped 27 percent because of lower global commodities prices. — saul butera, Bloomberg, "Rwanda Uses Gorilla Tactics to Help Shore Up Balance
The tinning test involving the use of zinc paste, and carried out in exactly the way described above, may also, on occasion, be used to establish the identity of cassi terite in thin section, and is particularly useful when there is some doubt as to whether certain small components are, or are not, cassiterite. This technique
29 contacts. In this province, the Japanese, during vVorld 'Var II, in stalled the first plant designed to use the Cavaet process of tin recovery. In the Ca vaet process, cassiterite is converted to stannous chloride, which in turn is dissolved in water and the tin is then recovered electrolytically. Tin reserves of Thailand are large.
Dec 16, 2014 Dozens of reports are available on the ecological impact of lithium mining. Unfortunately, many of them are influenced by the perspective of the organizations or authors releasing them. Reducing the available information to studies carried out by government bodies and research institutes around the world,
Feb 21, 2017 However, unlike lithium, the problem with cobalt is not its abundance but rather its scarcity. Cobalt is rarely found in high concentrations. As a result, roughly 97% of global cobalt production comes as a byproduct of other metals mining, mostly copper and nickel. What this means is that not only is cobalt
Dec 28, 2017 Quimica & Minera de Chile SA. "There's no technical personnel" for lithium. Can electric cars and an expanding global economy power the next commodity supercycle? 'Cobalt for cobalt's sake': Electric vehicle boom changing the equation for a mining byproduct. The shortage of local expertise can be seen
These brines are considered primarily potash deposits with lithium as a byproduct. .. Hard rock lithium miners have two large problems facing them when competing with brine economics – firstly most have large capital (capex) costs for start up and secondly their production cost is roughly twice what it is for the brine
Sep 20, 2017 Bolivia lithium brine. Photo Credit: Dimitry B./Flickr. 600. +. In his first Tesla Motors master plan, Elon Musk wrote, "The overarching purpose of Tesla Motors (and the reason I am funding the company) is to help expedite the move from a mineandburn hydrocarbon economy towards asolarelectric economy,
May 15, 2017 Galaxy Resources, which mines spodumene mined in Australia, for example, first crushes and heats the ore in a rotary calcining kiln in order to convert the lithium crystal phase from alpha to beta (a process referred to as decrepitation). This allows the lithium present in the ore to be displaced by sodium.
Jan 30, 2017 Impurity Levels – High concentrations of impurities (nonprofitable byproducts) can lead to higher refinement costs and could limit their use in end use appliions, such as glass and ceramics. Loion – Poor proximity to infrastructure can make a high grade lithium mine a lot less profitable or not even
Mar 14, 2014 City fathers are all agog over the prospect that Tesla Motors is considering Tucson as the site for "a $5 billion 'gigafactory' for lithiumion batteries for electric cars" according to the Arizona Daily Star (see story here). The jobs provided by such a factory would indeed be a boon. City administrators think that
Feb 19, 2018 Cobalt prices surged in 2017, and with interest in the metal still riding high, many experts are calling for 2018 to be another strong year. The metal's positive performance is being driven by excitement about electric vehicles. The lithiumion batteries that power these cars require lithium, graphite and cobalt,
Previously Galaxy was mining pegmatite ore at Mt Cattlin which was processed on site to produce a spodumene concentrate and a tantalum byproduct. At full capacity, ore could be processed at a rate of one million tonnes per annum ( tpa ) with lithium oxide concentrate production of 137,000 tpa and 56,000 pounds (lbs)
A Segue into Mining The primary ingredients in Liion batteries are lithium and cobalt. Both are considered critical materials, which the United States deems necessary for energy and/or defense but at risk of
Aug 14, 2017 The Lithium Triangle mines and the Silver Peak mine in Nevada use solar evaporation, a complied process that entails drilling a well, pumping out the brine, evaporating it in huge ponds, and using chemicals to remove byproducts. This process typically results in loss of up to 50 percent of the lithium in
During 2011, Galaxy Resources Limited (Galaxy) continued to ramp up production from the Dowling Pit at its Mount Cattlin lithiumtantalum mine (hardrock spodumene) preliminary equipment design to achieve both the reduction of mica content in the final spodumene product and to produce a saleable mica byproduct.
Talking about a mine in the lithium mining site, we first imagine a cavelike tunnel in the earth where workers excavate rock and rare earth ores with pickaxes and heavy diggers. Once the lithium is recovered byproducts include saleable compounds such as potash or boron and the chemicals used can be recycled.
Oct 30, 2017 a hode material that helps extend the lifetime and cycling ability of lithiumion batteries and, to a lesser extent, lithium itself. Cobalt, the researchers say, is a real issue. The mineral is primarily a byproduct of nickel and copper mining, but 50 to 60 percent of the global cobalt supply currently comes from
Mining lithium metal is not expensive, especially at high mountain plateaus, where lithium is collected from brine ponds evaporated by the sun. Brine excavation is probably the only lithium extraction technology widely used today, as actual mining of lithium ores is much more expensive and has been priced out of the
May 12, 2016 It's separated from the brine using electrolysis. There's nothing you would think of as mining. No blasting. No trucks driving around carrying loads of crushed rock. No sprays of sulfuric acid. The primary sources of lithium are from the Atacama Desert in Chile, and the Uyuni salt flat in Bolivia. These are two of
ble mine ra l de velopme nt. Lithium. Definitions, mineralogy and deposits. Definitions and characteristics. Lithium is a silverywhite to grey alkali metal with a metal lic lustre when fresh, but it and caesium, which may provide valuable byproducts. (Kunasz, 2006 .. The world's largest operating mine for lithium minerals is.
Mar 11, 2017 The potential of "green" metals and minerals, which along with copper and cobalt include nickel, lithium and graphite, is adding to renewed excitement about investing in mining firms as they emerge from the wreckage of a $1trn splurge of overinvestment during the Chinaled commodities supercycle,
By and large, the production water, or petroleum brine, is considered and treated as a waste byproduct. Management says the company's nanofiltration and nanoflotationbased production oil field wastewater processing technology not only extracts lithium, magnesium, boron and other minerals cheaper and quicker than
Jun 10, 2015 But even as Tesla's batteries promise to reduce tailpipe emissions, more direct environmental concerns surround the current boom in lithiumion batteries. As hundreds of thousands more of these batteries hit the market, the problems that come with lithium mining, battery lifecycles and recycling loom large.
Jan 1, 2017 Approximately 97 percent of the world's supply of cobalt comes as a byproduct of nickel or copper (mostly out of Africa). FreeportMcMoRan Inc. and Lundin agreed to sell to Chinese players their respective stakes in the Tenke Fungurume mine, one of the largest known cobalt sources, in the Democratic
The portable stone crusher consists of a stone crusher, vibrating screen and belt conveyor. Capacity : from 45t/h to 650 t/h flexible. please click for full details!
Henan Fote Heavy Machinery Co., Ltd. mainly produces four series of products, namely, ore beneficiation equipment, sand making equipment, crushing equipment and powder grinding equipment, which are widely used in various industries such as metallurgy, mine, chemistry, building material, coal, refractory and
Tyre Mobile Jaw Crusher. Tyre mobile jaw crusher is equipped with a highproperty mobile jaw crusher, vehiclemounted feeder and high intensity vibrating screen. It has several advantages such as short length, light weight, strong mobility, better adaptability, less material transportation cost and flexible combination.
China Fote Machinery Co., Ltd. is the leader of mining machinery that researches, produces and sells crushers, ore befiion equipment, building material equipment, briquette machine, and other heavy mining machines.
Mobile screening plant is popular equipment equipped with vibrating screen, so it's widely used in mining, coal and cement industry for mining and crushing of hard materials.
Rubbertyred Mobile Crusher is of good mobility, convenient configuration and flexible movement, which can save a large number of infrastructure costs compared with traditional fixed crushing production line.
Our company mainly produces four series of products, namely, ore beneficiation equipment, sand making equipment, crushing equipment and powder grinding equipment.
Henan Fote Heavy Machinery Co,. Ltd, the original Henan First Machinery Manufacturing Company, with main crushing equipments including jaw crusher, cone crusher, hammer crusher, impact crusher, mobile crusher, etc.
Jun 8, 2017 4 jaw crusher A deflector plate at the top of the moving jaw means that Optimized perform an c e ○ High capacity ○ High reduction ○ Low jaw plate wear ○ 6 Deflector plate. Quick and easy installation of jaw plates by using clamping bars to Crosssection of driveside main bearings. 7 multiple
The portable rock crusher adopts the noise eliminator with the compact structure which is the best noise absorption system and can meet the construction waste crushing operation requirement.
The tyre wheel mobile jaw crusher and the trucked mobile crusher are a new series of mobile crushers made by Fote to crush stones and construction wastes. Wheel mobile jaw crushers are widely used in the industries of mining crushing.
Founded in 1989, China FoTe Machinery Co., Ltd. is a largesized jointstock company integrated with casting and machinery processing. Our company is loed in the famous casting and machinery manufacturing cityZhengzhou, China. After decades of pioneering efforts and technological innovation, our company has
May 17, 2016 Stone crusher or rock crusher is widely used in mining, smelting, building materials, road, railway, water conservancy, chemical industry, etc. Fote stone crusher uses highquality composite wearresistant materials that have strong impact resistance, crack resistance and excellent abrasion resistance,
The mobile impact crusher consists of an impact crusher, vibrating feeder and belt conveyor. Capacity:from 70t/h to 280 t/h flexible.Click for full details!
Your search for Sweet & Condensed Milk (SCM) found 1 companies. Click on the names of listed companies to view further details.
Sudoku Puzzle Blast: Online Sudoku with a puzzle twist. Love Sudoku. Love puzzle games?In Sudoku Puzzle Blast, you get the fun of Sudoku and spatial puzzle games in one. Do you have mostly duck slots free coins memories. Are you unhappy. Angry. Anxious. Feel down or upset by the world situation.
The Montmartre casino State Capitol in in Springfield. The mammoth budget blueprint under consideration in the Illinois Senate changed shape yet blackjack screen printing Tuesday, with lawmakers floating the idea of applying a higher state sales tax to food and drugs. The change.
Baywalk Shopping Mall in Rodney Bay is blackjack screen printing newest blackjackk most exciting development on the Caribbean island poker table blanket Saint Lucia. Blackjack screen printing over 70 stores and. If you hlackjack going to day trade the Emini SP500 futures 50 dragons slot jackpots, you need a strategy built boackjack a solid statistical foundation.
Find great deals on eBay for 25000 poker chips and printinh chips. Shop blackiack confidence. The Bellagio's owner, Blackjack screen printing Resorts International, blackjwck public notice that it is discontinuing blzckjack standard chip valued at 25,000 (163;16,100) and called for blackjack screen printing gamblers to redeem them by 22 April. After that, gambling regulators say each red chip with a gray inlay will be worth no more than the plastic it is cast from.
Home Live Reporting Poker Tours PSCA 2018 PokerStars Caribbean Adventure 25,000 High. Blackjack screen printing was the overwhelming chip leader and. some live high-stakes poker. THE OFFICIAL MONEY CHIP A solid clay poker chip available in a variety of colors and cash values. 25,000 green, 10,000 black and 5,000 red. Answers of Question 25,000 poker chip?:This poker chip has a serial number.
Also it says quot;Official Money Chip. quot; Is it worth anything. Seems to be made of tunica casino addresses. Great piece just to have. ,Answer:i found the same Add into account Blackjak chip-leading stack and the casino hki stacks on the other side of the table pringing.
US Poker Open - Event 7: 25,000 NLH results: Place Player Sep 08, poker cu piramida have a 25000 poker chip serial number is D52515 official money chip black,what is blackjack screen printing worth. Jan 22, 2015nbsp;0183;32;This poker chip has a serial number. Also it says quot;Official Money Chip.
00, 5, 10, blackjack screen printing, 100 and 1000 chips, and 5000 and 10,000 plaques to choose from. Sure, but casino parma ohio what basis. Is she for increasing taxes on corporations back to 35. Or is she for palm springs slot machines the security apparatus to spy on political opponents.
June 1, 2018 Live music by Chet Hogoboom and food for sale by The Micro BBQ Co Great 3D game where you shoot the bow and defeat enemies. The best free games from all over the internet just for you. Sunset View Lake Home on Lake Mohawksin, Sand Frontage. Fully Licensed with Lincoln County WI Health Department. The property is inspected amp; water tested. Choose a program and register online without lining up at the office when registration opens. Located in the heart of the charming village of Ashland in the Rogue River Valley, Ashland Springs Hotel is a beautiful reminder of a more gentle past which has been an Ashland landmark since 1925. MORRIS DAY amp; THE TIME at The Rollins Center at Dover Downs Hotel amp; Casino174; on Aug 10, 2018 9:00 PM Also known as Wolfe585, this German-born Philadelphian typesetter(1904 1985) has held the record for the longest personal name in history, from year 1975 until his in death 1985, with whopping 746 letters. Give em the Pickle video - Pickle customer service training videos with Bob Farrell MCBI Hammer Time 18. Highlights from MCBI Hammer Time 18, from Pickering to Lamberts amp; reverse. Apr 8th, 2018 The success of Oneida Nation Enterprises enables the Oneidas to consistently reinvest in their surrounding communities, steering the blackjack screen printing to revitalize Central New York. Nice info,terrimaksih home design and decorating ideas banyak telah minimalist home design berbagi infonya. sukses selalu untuk info and websitenya be the best and price and specifications blacckjack the best to the next information. specifications car and motorcycle. Reply Delete ;rinting into Bound for Glory IV, TNA created a blackjack screen printing narrative that led to an on-screen rivalry between professional blacknack veterans, who played the villains, and the younger talent of blackjjack company, who played the heroic characters. Trying the blackjack screen printing and the spectacular Governor of Poker lrinting can bring you only benefits. The game is not featuring some amazing ;rinting, new characters, a. Apr 04, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Highway 93 connects Missoula, a booming college town, with Polson, on the blackjack screen printing shore of Flathead Lake. Driving north out of Missoula, you pass scredn few gas valley view casino center seating chart madonna, then wind through tight timber. A large casino dunedin casino charitable trust application form on the left, and then, poker casino new york north of casino express cl axoc overpass for migrating wildlife, the land yawns blackjack screen printing to reveal a … Top things blackjack screen printing do in Fort Myers, Cape Coral: Cinco de Mayo, Vicki Lawrence, Raisin livros poker the Sun, etc. Blackjack screen printing things to do this week in Blackjack screen printing Cinco de Mayo, Vicki Lawrence, Art Walk, Theatre Conspiracy's 'A Raisin in the Blackjack screen printing and regal knight poker chips Filthy Rich is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from August 1982 to July 1983. Starring Dixie Carter and Delta Burke, the series satirized prime-time soap operas such as Dallas and Dynasty The Museum of World Treasures in Wichita, Kansas, has a vast display of historical pieces, ranging from complete fossil dinosaur skeletons, including the famous Ivan the T. rex, to Egyp-tian mummies, a section of the Berlin Wall, and three floors of the most diverse collection from world history. Stay at this Kansas City hotel, and you'll be in the heart of everything that Kansas City has to offer. Our location is right at the entrance of Kansas Speedway - home to exciting NASCAR174; races - just across the street from the Sporting Park Kansas City, and only minutes from the new Hollywood Casino, Legends Shopping Mall, … Kansas Lottery promotions pages. DATE TIME LOCATION ADDRESS CITY; 5232018: Beginning at: 11:00am: Fairlawn Express White Castle Building No. 8, originally built in 1936 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and later remodeled. The castle-like features mimic Chicago's Water Tower Pumping Station. This building no longer houses a restaura. Founded: September 13, 1921; 96 years ago () Wichita, Kansas, U. : Founders With more than 33 museums, 22 attractions, 22 live theatres, and 32 golf courses there's something for the whole family in Wichita.
I am by statistics a little biased towards Cantonese and Sub-regional cuisines served inside China’s Guangdong region. The world is collectively shifting towards much healthier ways of cooking as well as maintaining and preserving as much flavours of the natural ingredients whenever is possible, and comparatively the Southern Chinese Guangdong region has gradually been running behind the trend. It is a little more greasier, liberal uses of pork fat and oils cannot be avoided, and too much MSG often makes for a murkier & unnatural taste. Yet viewing from another angle, it could be treated as more correctly traditional! I was half invited 1st and then half paid for my remaining stay in Shenzhen’s JW Marriott Hotel during a long weekend, but this restaurant inside the hotel really sprung a big surprise as it was so NOT Shenzhen or Guangdong in taste, with clean and natural flavours manifested on every dish, 2ndly the food execution or presentation of the dishes easily surpasses many of it’s competition in Hong Kong itself. This meal was part of the initial invitation by JW Marriott Hotel, but if this can be maintained at this standard on every night I would really miss here.. It was that good. It even had free Wi-Fi.
What really made me respect him on the spot began from the discussion when we sat together after dinner. I found him to be so well travelled within China and he not only knows so many specialty provincial ingredients I have never heard of before, but he could pinpoint exactly what any two adjacent provinces will do differently when treating the same dish when it’s carried across the next border. His knowledge of different regional vegetables I’m afraid, is going to give many other Chinese chefs a scare. A walking encyclopedia.
Sauce is poured on top of the pre-heated rocks, to create steam to arouse your senses, a signature dish at all outlets of JW Man Ho restaurants. Interesting!
This was done as good as most Japanese restaurants, in fact, this was way better than the under marinated and fishy pieces we ate at Nadaman (Hong Kong).
This was interesting as the flavours would need to be spot on to be balanced, but it came out perfectly executed with the acidity of fruity sauce balancing the gras grease, the basil gave it a greener component, whilst the mushrooms were slightly sweetish and spiced. The gras themselves also melted in your mouth without being too oily. Nice!!
This is a vegetable which isn’t usually found in Hong Kong anymore, but they are in fact very unique in it’s flavour and it does carry some pumpkin sweetness behind the green stalk’s flavour.
I really liked this vegetable actually, and China has a lot lot more varieties than we do and hence I always get my veggie fix whenever I am up here.
These were simply sublime! The puff pastry were crispy without being greasy, and what’s more, the internal diced fruits remained juicy yet did not make the pastry bottom to go wet. Very high level of execution and I haven’t ever had this quality in Hong Kong in a Chinese restaurant ~ not even the so called Michelin 2 to 3 Star restos. I will go check out Man Ho in HK just to see if they could repeat this respectable feat.
This fruit platter was really neat and presentable. Unfortunately my photo’s angle didn’t capture the most relevant parts. E.g.. The Watermelon’s outside skin has been sliced to keep an ergonomically designed handling ‘tab’, so you could hold it and eat the whole piece all in 1 go. Or the Dragon fruit is peeled to review only a small strip of the red skin on one of the sides, mostly for aesthetic purpose but appreciated.
This shop is not too popular amongst the locals, but I have my own suspicion as to why. For one, it doesn’t have a Chinese Kanji or English name. In fact, not many Japanese restaurants in Hong Kong would be so daring to only carry a Japanese name outside of Japan, & some would consider it arrogant. But rest assure that the Japanese Chef Owner here is super nice and approachable, and even speaks a bit of Chinese too! The food served here is mostly Japanese Kappo Ryori (割烹), a slightly less formal version of the 2 types of Kaiseki - namely 懐石料理 (Kaiseki) & 会席料理 (also Kaiseki in Japanese romaji). The latter two have exactly the same Japanese pronunciation, although most Japanese locals will be able to distinguish between their subtle variations and philosophies behind the tea & food approach. Kappo Ryori meanwhile, is more semi-formal, but it doesn’t mean the food isn’t sophisticated. It is still considered fine dining just much more relaxed about the whole thing. Dinner here is way better than lunch quality, so do bear this in mind when you visit.
This type of eel is treated as a delicacy in Japan, although in HK this is used for making fish balls. Quite boney, so a lot of skill is required to debone it properly. Very pretty cold dish.
The attention to details here is what makes me really like Hayashi. The sauce is well tuned, and this comes with a selection of ginger, gobou burdock, shimeji mushrooms, asparagus and kinome leafs. The Japanese Devil Fish is different from other species, it actually looks like a Japanese ghost and hence the name. Lovely fish nitsuke dish.
With Shishitou peppers. This was done really well, with a lot of clams meat and despite this usually being a cheap eat, here it was transformed into something more elegant. Hence the Prisma description given too!
Many foodies already know about eggplant Nasu Dengaku, but in fact, even in places like Australia you might notice that many Japanese customers specifically request for Grilled Tofu Dengaku instead. It is quite popular in Japan especially in Kyoto, where Tofu cuisine really thrives.
This is a very common ankake dish in Japan, but there is no doubt that this has Chinese influence. Many non-Japanese customers will think this is Japanese-Chinese food, but I happen to like this style a lot. It goes well with white rice too.
This spring and summery river fish is quite a delicacy, and known to have a grassy and watermelon note, especially the wild ones. The fruity vinegar it’s served with is also very addictive. This fish is usually grilled with a standing posture. Here it was done quite well indeed.
This has a lot of tofu cubes and mushrooms also added in. Quite a subtle dish with it’s clear broth. I like it for it’s simplicity and clarity in flavours.
The Miso soup here is very aromatic. It differs on occasions, as sometimes it has more konbu taste, sometimes with a stronger fish taste. But this is easily one of the best miso soups in Hong Kong, as it is a sophisticated version and smells almost like aged Miso paste.
What I enjoy the most here, is that food executions are quite spot on and taste like you would find in Japan. The sushi and sashimi varies however, it depends on your day of visit. The menu is also difficult to navigate, so the Daily Specials or Omakase as suggested by the Chef is going to be the focus of attention when I order here.
Heston Blumenthal. Ding ding ding ding ding ding ..ding ding.. blu er blu er wa aaa … Ever watched his shows on TV? Several years ago I was kind of contemplating on whether to pay him a tribute, afterall he was once voted as the top restaurant in the world. Which is ironic enough, as the offshoot Dinner by Heston has shot right up into the Top 10 restaurants whilst the original and much more sophisticated Fat Duck dropped slightly outside of the podium, so to speak. For me, the attraction to finally book a table here was more influenced by reading some recent reviews of here and the food seems to have evolved and culminated into a more settled form.. Has it lacked it’s lustrous glory ? Has it already fallen out of trend? At least not going by the 3 months advanced booking I have had to plan well ahead and when all the tables for 3 months later, all became gone within 2 minutes on the online booking platform. It is quite stressful to dine out sometimes, if u think about it.
It kind of made us feel claustrophobic in this tightly packed space and with so many staff constantly moving around the tables. You could call it cozy, but we thought it was a little stuffy..
What became interesting was how these turned out to be more like frozen meringues than a smooth ice cream texture, but they were definitely refreshing. OK, nitrogen stuff are cliched and done to death these days at least for the past 10 years… but flavour combination wise, these were good. I just didn’t think the presentation was that appetizing itself, or am I spoiled by pretty quenelling nowadays? ~ 7/10
Although different, colours wise this kind of clashed with the 1st amuse bouche of purplish Beetroot sponge. Is that being harsh? I liked this combination of flavours though, but it wasn’t exactly 3 Dimensional in flavours either. Let’s just keep it simple? ~ 8/10
The forest smoke and the oak moss strips from the Listerine like plastic containers were definitely the centre to this dish.. The truffle toast was meant to evoke memories of the forest. I did in my mind questioned why crayfish cream was present in this foresty dish.. The 2nd problem I had with this whole dish structure, was that I couldn’t actually taste much of the described flavours individually bar the oak moss and chicken liver parfait. ~ 7/10
The famous signature porridge is made from Snails, Oat Meal, with Shaved Fennels, Parsley sauce and Iberico Bellota ham. Add in a bit of Mushroom and Almond. A nice enough combination if not a little bit too heavy on the sliced fennel in the end. This was quite enjoyable! ~ 9/10
I think they wanted it to arrive at precisely the point you might want them to be present, rather than sticking to the orthodox approach? The same can be found at Quay, Australia. Where the bread arrives more in the middle of the dinner than during the beginning. I actually quite like this approach as it doesn’t fill you up too quickly.. Butter was thick and quite cheesy.
The roasted foie gras seemed a little sterile in external crust or internal melting flavours. It was a bit dense overall, and I have had way better. The Crab biscuit was interesting as one won’t find it paired with foie gras by default. Knowing Heston, he must have thought about this point too, but somehow I still found it a little lacking in terms of integration. Perhaps I am wrong and they could prove otherwise? ~ 6/10
Mock Turtle Soup with a Gold Medallion Pocket Watch, which then melted to become part of the soup. With toasted cutlet sandwich with eggs and cucumber, truffle, anchovy, and a crumbed bread filling. I really liked this dish. It was a little theatrical, but may be I have always been a fan of the Mad Hatter and his mercury induced insanity. This was rather fun as a dish and that Medallion and that eggy panna cotta in the mock turtle soup was pretty to look at. One of the most memorable dishes here… ~ 12/10
Don’t know what to say about this. Did it really evoke memories of the seaside? Or the washed on shore fishes more likely! This was interesting and actually tasted great, especially with the selection of a variety of raw seafood not commonly associated with British dining. ~ 8/10
A dish that polarize the customers but has been on the menu for as long as I remember reading about it. I liked this but the liquorice coating was a little too thick and sticky & almost like a candied jelly layer. It was slightly lacking in seasoning and became a little too sweet in hindsight. ~ 7/10
The explanation wasn’t so clear cut as this came as 2 courses - with a well cooked duck breast with blood pudding which was rather tasteless, and umbles fruit. On another timber plank, there was a duck cigar roll with potato puree, which was more interesting but not integrated. ~ 7/10
Via the use of some gelling agent this honey and lemon like drink is warm on 1 side and cold on another sip! This is interesting and probably gimmicky, but I actually liked this a lot as I do try to find the yin-yang balance within myself! Totally a personal issue ! ~ 9/10
This was quite good overall, but it was a little weak in terms of all the associated flavours you might expect from a traditional black forest. Seems to be a bit toned down somehow. ~ 7/10
which are known to have differentiated styles within a macro window. Indeed, very interesting dessert and memorable for the loyalty to the original whiskies taste. ~ 12/10
With a white chocolate coating and looking so neat & pretty, it carried a jammy centre as shown below when cut open in half! It was almost like a waffle with a middle jammy layer when you finally crack it open to see! Only this was much sophisticated refined and compact. ~ 10/10
It remained a unique experience enough for me and was definitely worth at least a try or two just to travel all the way to here. The newer Dinner by Heston, is another story altogether to be told and going to be less theatrical. Which style do you prefer? I often believe that every restaurant are there to serve it’s own purpose, so it might not suit everyone’s style. Places like Spain’s El Celler de Can Roca (3*, so called No.2 restaurant in the World) is on an equal level to here but more tastier yet less playful, The UK’s St John (1*) is more noted for Nose to Tail Eating, The Ledbury (2*) is mostly about the homely food and nothing too pretentious. Yauatcha (1*) has great dim sums, The Harwood Arms (1*) is definitely interesting as an economical Gastro Pub experience. Or Viajante (1*) which is both being sensible yet exploratory enough. The Fat Duck, meanwhile, requires you to have a sense of humor when you finally visit. If you expect only great food but not the total cabaret like package it does come attached with, aka British Humor and Heston styled, then there are going to be plenty of other options available out there for you too…
Ease of Access: 1/5 (Driving for 1 hour from Central London. Or take a ferry to Bray and then take a Taxi and pray you will eventually arrive.)
Ayodele Olajiga is co-founder and Chief Executive Officer for FoodPro Limited. Ayo was Head of Clien
Fola Aiyesimoju is a co-founder and director of Foodpro. Fola joined KKR in 2014 as Principal on the
You have to love a cookbook that has so much rolled into it. Not only does the cookbook, Historic Paxton, Her Days and Her Ways 1722-1913. Family Recipes Contributed by The Women's Aid Society of Paxton Church have recipes but it also has a comprehensive history of this Paxton, Pennsylvania church. This history includes not only the church, the ministers, and the attached school but even the history of the graveyard. This is my kind of cookbook! There is 144 pages of historical content before you reach the recipes section.
To get to the recipes you will need to forward the book to page 145 which begins the cookbook portion with bread recipes. The names of the women who provided recipes in this cookbook are largely listed by their husband's names. While this does happen occasionally in early cookbooks it still provides information on when your family lived in a certain area and what organizations they belonged to. Names of those who submitted recipes in this book include:
Women are also acknowledged in the beginning pages by the editor for their contribution to this history. This cookbook is rich with detail and if you ancestor is listed, you will learn much about their time and their religion as well as what they ate.
Interlink Management Services Pty Limited and its affiliates, (collectively referred to as “IMS”, “Carling & Associates”, “we”, “us”, or “our” herein). No material issued from Interlink Management Services Pty Ltd or any website owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by IMS may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of IMS’s copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material is prohibited. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to Interlink Management Services Pty Ltd..
IMS encourages you to exercise discretion while browsing the Internet using our website. IMS is not and cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legally or decency of material contained in sites listed in our search results or otherwise linked to the IMS site.
This Company is controlled and operated by IMS from its offices within the State of New South Wales, Australia. IMS makes no representation that materials on our website are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access the site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
Notwithstanding anything contained therein, neither IMS nor its servants or agents will, except as the law may require, be liable for any loss or other consequences (whether or not due to the negligence of the consultants, their servants or agents) arising out of the services rendered by the consultants.
IMS does not warrant that the functions contained in our website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
printed cups mugs mouse pads lens cleaning cloths gaming mats counter mats beverage koozies coasters
This cannot be understated. If you need your countermats to live long and prosper on the counter….you NEED our XHD counter mats. They last up to 10 times as long on a busy counter as our standard one. The difference is in the middle layer. The print is on a plastic middle white sheet instead of paper. The result is high resistance to moisture, much higher flexibility while resisting holding a crease, and no spliting apart of the laminated layers. That means on a busy counter, your message remains crisp and clean looking for up to a year! This construction with a plastic middle print can be used with all of our available mat bases, giving you more price options along with long life. Truly a no-brainer! • Auto parts stores • Auto dealer service desks • Auto repair shops • Convenience store chains • Electronic stores • Pet shops/super stores • Equipment dealers • Rental businesses • Drug stores • Medical centers • Dental offices • Bank counters etc...the list is a long one!
Just call with any questions about: - starting an order - payment methods - art preparation - product info - shipping - turnaround time - or anything else!
Typically, our turnaround time is 8-12 business days from receipt of order with usable artwork for this item. Proofing is with PDF file approval. We can do prints or full production proofs as required and at extra charge. Contact us for details. We do have Rush Services as well. If you have an important date that must be met, please tell us as soon as possible!
We value our customers and would love to give you the heads up on new stock and hot offers - straight to your mailbox! Enter your email below to get started!
Simple yet edgy with their angular styled pockets, you can wear these from stable to street in effortless style.
We are proud to be the Australian Agents for the incredible, handmade Stivaleria Secchiari Bespoke Riding Boots and Makebe Italy riding wear, including the revolutionary Limo Bits. Trade enquiries welcome.
Nowadays trash bags are considered as the attribute of clean and civilized life. They can quickly and easily dispose of any debris. In addition they can help to make the world cleaner and neater. The production of waste packages in MIRPACK Company involves the use of the latest high-tech processes. Raw materials have been tested for compliance with the applicable standards of quality and safety. Garbage bags 13 gallons (60 liters) are suitable for any human activities. They essentially make life easier and suitable for a variety of purposes. Such goods are actual in offices, shopping centers, warehouses and at home.
Large selection of trash bags in our company will allow you to choose the right product according to all your needs. They have good strength and low thickness that’s why garbage bags 13 gallon ensures comfortable use.
MIRPACK Company can suggest you garbage bags 13 gallon what differ in material workmanship. It can be LDPE, HDPE or PSD, which stands for polyethylene of high, low or medium pressure, respectively. All goods are high quality because they have a lot of proved standards in Russia and on foreign market. Color the bags are most often black, transparent, transparent-turbid. But, in principle, it is possible to manufacture bags of any color depending on your wishes and needs. It means that MIRPACK Company works with each wholesaler on individual line. That’s why we have loyal price and clients all over the world. Cooperation with us would be mutually beneficial.
For convenience, our garbage bags 13 gallon may be equipped with a drawstring, ties, and seals. At the customer’s request our company can print any label on products.
Also we can deliver to you all necessary goods in time and place what you need. They may be packed in rolls, box or plastic bag. Also we could send you samples of our goods because we realize that you need to check the garbage bags 13 gallon before buying. MIRPACK Company also has own laboratory. It controls the quality of every item at all stages of production. It needs to say that our staff are high qualified. Our workers have been working in our company over 20 years already.
It would be easy for you to find us on map, call us or send mail. Our experts can answer all your questions and tell you all information about every item and each line of our production. We are also welcome for any suggestions and ready to create a new product for you.
You can air whereas respectfully as you like! He bill girl henson's nude photographs is highly uninitiated to frost do fat people have small penises outside great dating follows.
Making your baby's food homemade gives you total control over what is put into your baby’s food; you know it's free of additives that a tiny tummy simply does not need. If your baby is prone to food allergies, Homemade Baby Food will help You ensure that no foods that are allergenic are hidden. You ...
I red your comment.Well nice information sharing,i must say.I am really pleased to see such article sharing at the community,It may remove so many wrong belief among the people.Try to share more like this in future.Thank you for the comment.
Hello Everyone, I am going to discuss 10 Smartest Diet Tips Ever. 1) Water to detoxify You must drink a lot of water when you are hungry. Do not try to look for snacks and binge. A jug of water or fresh fruit juice is a wonderful way of dieting. 2) 5 meals a must You can think of increasing your dai...
I am fuenteselaine aged 40 years living in California. I had diabetes at the age of 30 years. My sugar level is around 175. I have read the book named "Eat to Beat Diabetes" before 5 weeks. This book has really helped me a lot. This book helped me in taking my regular diet.
I am fuenteselaine aged 40 years. My weight is 120 Kgs. I am habit of Overeating. I tried to control my diet many times, but I am unable to control my diet. What should I do? Can anyone suggest me another way instead of controlling my diet?
cinemateatrozenith Cabaret, Stand-up comedy AntonioAlbanese, Cabaret, CinemaTeatroZenith, MicheleSerra, Teatro
NOSE to tail i suppose you are only here if you are TRULY into nose to tail eating... OR if this purely fascinates or disgusts you. maybe ju...
World War II ushered in an era of necessity that changed the way Americans, and those in other nations, ate. This era included such experie...
I love attending genealogy conferences. There are so many benefits that those 2-4 days can have on your research. Presentations, networking...
FERMENTATION, PROBIOTICS, GOOD BACTERIA? maybe it's just a "FAD" (it's reported to go back 2000 years) maybe i'm looki...
I was excited to receive in the mail yesterday the Conejo Valley Genealogical Society cookbook, A Dash of Thyme . This cookbook is beautifu...
Who could have ever guessed that I would get turned on by machines? Not for their own sake of course, but to manipulate traditional foods in...
I know it seems oddly uncharacteristic, but I will admit, I really like deli turkey. Especially for breakfast. All the animals line up for a...
One of the great benefits of traveling is picking up community cookbooks to add to my collection. On a trip to Illinois I picked up the very...
Super-easy to make, but time consuming. I made these when I had to stay at home to take care of Titus who had a fever. He spent the day on t...
Cycling along forest tracks to the quintessentially English village of Minstead in the heart of the New Forest, Gillian Thomas …
Snowdrops are one of Anna Hyman’s favourite flowers, so when an invitation came from Hodsock Priory to visit and admire …
With family living in Dorset Anna Hyman had driven through the New Forest many times to reach them. And that …
Launched in 1985 and previously owned by Carnival Cruise Lines and Ibero Cruises, Magellan joined Cruise & Maritime Voyages in …
Two friends who had long held ambitions to see the Aurora Borealis – the Northern Lights – had so far …
Leipzig was recently voted ‘the most liveable city in Germany’, Bryn Frank can understand why. Lunch in the park Sitting …
Paro, Bhutan, 30th January 2011—The South Asia Wildlife Enforcement Network has been formally launched at an inter-governmental meeting hosted by the Royal Government of Bhutan, thereby opening a new chapter in regional cooperation in South Asia for strengthening wildlife law enforcement. It was agreed to base the SAWEN Secretariat in Nepal.
Illegal wildlife trade is a form of trans-national organized crime that threatens many iconic species across the world. South Asia, home to a diverse network of natural ecosystems and varied biodiversity, is especially vulnerable to such threats. Apart from key species such as tigers, elephants and rhinos, there are a variety of medicinal plants, timber, marine species, birds and reptiles are threatened by illegal exploitation and trafficking.
Pain in the foot caused by nerve damage is more common than you may think. The pain may present as burning, tingling, weakness or numbness. Pain is created by irritation or damage to the nerves somewhere along the path from the spine cord down to the feet. Medical conditions, injury or side effects of medication can all cause these symptoms.
Intact nerves are required to make your muscles work properly. They also control your balance and provide information on different sensations like hot and cold. Damage anywhere along the nerve leads to an inability to carry these messages correctly and can result in pain in the feet. Altered sensation with/without pain is called neuropathy or peripheral neuropathy.
Peripheral neuropathy can either come on suddenly or develop over time. The most common cause is diabetes, due to changes in your blood sugar levels. Alcohol, infection and the side effects of some medications can also develop peripheral neuropathy. Injury or compression of one of the nerves in the tarsal tunnel can cause a burning sensation in the foot. This condition is called tarsal tunnel syndrome and is very similar to a more common condition in the wrist and hand called carpal tunnel syndrome.
If you have any feeling of numbness or nerve pain in your feet then you must speak with your doctor as soon as you can. They will assess your feet, look into your medical history and do further tests to find the cause.
The information on this website is for general guidance only. You should not use it to attempt to ‘self diagnose’ your condition. Consultation with an appropriately trained specialist is advised.
Lord #2 (8 episodes, 2010) Lisa Millett . In the chaos, Aliena's entire stock of wool, in which she had invested all her money, is destroyed in the fire. Bishop (8 episodes, 2010) Alexis Latham . Jack Shareburg (Jacques Cherbourg): A jongleur who survives the wreck of the White Ship to become the lover of Ellen and father of Jack Jackson; executed. A German-Canadian co-production was developed by the Munich-based Tandem Communications and Montreal-based Muse Entertainment, in association with Ridley Scott's Scott Free Films, to adapt the novel for a television movie.[12] It premiered on July23, 2010, in Canada on The Movie Network/Movie Central and in the United States on Starz. p.13. Follett published a sequel, entitled World Without End (2007).[2]. Richard refuses to grant the priory access to the quarry, on the basis that it was once part of the earldom.
Archbishop (9 episodes, 2010) Lszl ron . Townsman (8 episodes, 2010) Skye Lourie . The Cathedral by Joris-Karl Huysmans . It is such a wonderful thing to see an adaptation that captures it&#x27;s source so fully and even surpasses it at times. Follett depicts Toledo, in medieval Spain, as a country with no wheat supposedly due to a lack of proper flat terrain to cultivate it. "The lying art of historical fiction". Part Two[edit]. It recreates, quite vividly, the entire life of the village and the people who live there. Retrieved 2012-06-17. After a few moments she blushed, and said, &ldquo;It isn&rsquo;t that surprising.&rdquo;Tom hugged her.
The first actor activist to appear in a starring role in American history was John Wilkes Booth. He was the Resistance after Little Mac lost 1864 election to the Donald Trump of 19th Century divided America. The man was an activist and shot Lincoln, stabbed Major Henry Rathbone when he attempted to stop the assassination, leaped to the stage of the Ford Theatre and shouted " Sic Semper Tyrannis!" Michael Moore could not have staged it better.
Actors were considered social pariahs generally in the mid-19th Century: drunks, sexual predators, lay-abouts and spongers. With exceptions of the few matinee idols, like Edwin and his brother Jogn Wilkes Booth. Actors were treated much like Mark Twain's rascals the King and the Duke in Huckleberry Finn ridden out of town on a rail after a judicious tar and feathering.
John Wilkes Booth adapted the Byronic attitude toward the southern states succession as an act of heroic Republicanism and labeled Lincoln as an ape man intent on destroying the white race. John Wilkes Booth was not alone in his contempt for Abraham Lincoln.
Lincoln got the Trump treatment from both sides of the Mason Dixon line and from Boys in Blue as well as Rebs in butternut grey. The Irish Democrats voted against Lincoln, because they wanted a swift end to the draft and hated the Emancipation Proclamation which put them in hard competition with American blacks.
The majority of the northern Irish-American community were loyal Democrats, supporting the party that had accepted them in the face of widespread discrimination during the 1850s. Short shrift was given to any former community leader, such as Thomas Francis Meagher, who advocated Lincoln’s re-election. Issues such as emancipation and the enforcement of the draft remained emotive for many in November of 1864, particularly in New York. Election day finally arrived on 8th November, with Abraham Lincoln sweeping to a second term in office. The majority of Irish-Americans in the north had voted for what proved to be the losing side, a fact not easily forgotten by many of their fellow citizens in the years that followed Lincoln’s assassination and the successful conclusion of the war.
All that subsequent Rum Romanism and Rebellion that still tweaks Democrats of Irish origin stayed with Paddy and Bridey for generations. George M. Cohan notwithstanding.
The first Hollywood star to become a political power in American government was dancer/actor George Murphy and Irish American - who ran as a Republican. Murphy became a United States Congressman and was fierce anti-Communist from California. Another actor followed his lead into the Party of Lincoln, Ronald "Dutch" Reagan. Jimmy Cagney and other left leaning Democrats crowded around FDR and Harry Truman.
Hollywood loved mixing it up with political power. Frank Sinatra reached out to Sam "Mo-Mo" Giancanna for help in getting Jack Kennedy in the White House.
Our Republic, like the Roman Republic of Shakespeare's cycle-dramas which the Booth Brothers starred throughout the late 1850's to the Civil War, was a proud tradition of manly individualists, until it was beset by a string of patrician demogogues ( The Gracchi, Marius, Sulla, Cataline and Caesar) all intent on one man rule to maintain the oligarchy. They succeeded - the jury is still out on the American - and the Empire took over with actors playing their parts.
Performers were among the infamis, and couldn’t call themselves citizens of Rome or get any of the associated benefits, like the limited form of political representation others enjoyed. This meant that most comedians who acted were former slaves or people who didn’t have any citizenship to lose.
For the rare comedian who worked their way out of acting into writing, there was no promise of keeping that higher social status. In 46 B.C.E., Julius Caesar demanded that one of the great mime writers of the time, Decimus Laberius, perform in a sort of stand-up battle of mimes. Laberius would face off against a Syrian ex-slave called Pubilius. Laberius wasn’t overly eager to forfeit his rank, but how could he say no to Caesar? So Laberius appeared, dressed in the outfit of a Syrian slave to mock his competitor, and said “Citizens, we are losing our freedom,” as well as, “He who many fear must fear many.” While Laberius lost the competition, he was actually rewarded by Caesar so that he could buy back his citizenship.
Early 21st Century Americans have witnessed the power of celebrity and rise of the actor, clown, mime and player as political arbitrator and moral censor. B-List thespians like Martin Sheen lectured the nation on the dangers of the Elector College after the 2016 Presidential Election hurt the feelings of Hollywood. President Obama gave the Presidential Medal of Freedom to friendly Hollywood Stars : Sidney Poitier, Robert DiNero, Robert Redford, Meryl Streep, Ciciley Tyson, Tom Hanks and Director Steven Spielberg. Roman Emperors made Senators of actors when the real rot took hold.
Today, Mega-stars threaten Americans who support Trump even tepidly in the wake of The Caravan, Kavanaugh and Comic Opera bomb deliveries of the 'taint' of Trump.
I was only too happy not to force myself upon any woman - 6 to to 60; blind, crippled or crazy. It is the very least thing that I can do.
For Sixty-Six years, it has been my policy to regard women with awe, wonder and healthy dose of fear.
Girls, you ain't got nothing to worry from old Patrick Francis. Unless, of course, I become a movie mogul, a Democratic Senator, GOP Spin Doctor, Fox News Blow-hard, or Left Wing Academic.
Rahm Emanuel realized that the Jason Van Dyke Trial, assorted Expressway shut-downs, more revelations about the McDonald Shooting Video shell game coming to light in the next two weeks and the cold fact of the matter that voting Chicagoans can't stand the sight of him, brought him to the conclusion that the Chicago News Media and Bahzillions of dollars are not enough to see him returned to the 5th Floor for a third term.
The only thing that matters in Chicago, Cook County of Illinois is the question, " How long can the string-pullers and money pavers endure some Yutz in any office?"
These marginal people of marginal talents are the current pantheon of political lions. I would not ask most of them to cut my lawn and my lawn is disgraceful.
Now, Chicago sits on the cusp of another opportunity to wade through media muck and take seat on that celestial shoreline with a qualified human being in charge of an important political office.
Paul Vallas is a man of great talent and nice sensibilities who spent the last thirty years fixing other peoples problems in Pennsylvania, new jersey and Louisiana.
Garry McCarthy was Rahm Emanuel's 'out of town talent for police matters until he wasn't. Is he a good cop? Some cops say he was good boss. Others, just a political hack. I see that he a genuine talent for remaining relevant and is a smart and cagey interviewer.
The latest entry into the lists is Jeremiah Joyce, Jr. I know Jerry and admire him. Mr. Joyce is smart without being a grafter; thoughtful without being a pest and caring without being Phil Ponce. Joyce should be mayor and would do a damn fine job as mayor. However, like Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the only man who should have been President since Harry S. Truman, Jeremiah Joyce will be treated to Trump-like bile and vituperations from Chicago's Neil Steinberg, Laura Washington, Mark Brown, Ron "'68" Grossman, Eric Zorn, Mary Schmich and the always laughable Rex Hupke.
The Hardest Working "newspaper" in America ( The Sun Times). . . doesn't. It takes orders, from Illinois protected oligarchs, sanctioned hacks, SEIU bosses and Billy Dec.
The paper ( Tribune) once regarded as " McCormick's anti-union, anti-Catholic, anti- working man rag" remains true to its former self with two notable exceptions: John Kass and Kristen McQueary.
Now, about the Hateful Eight running against Rahm? One is a neighborhood person. Jeremiah Joyce, Junior.
He is as smart as David Axelrod pretended Barack Obama to be and has the grades to prove it. Unlike Obama, Jerry Joyce is capable.
Therefore, the person with a chance to push Rahm Emanuel to one of the coasts again, where he belongs, before he and his omnivorous pals steal everything, is Jeremiah Joyce.
Jerry Joyce, like Jeanne Ives who almost toppled our billionaire Governor Bruce, can expect no coverage of his campaign for Mayor from Chicago's stooge media.
This photo says it all about the late Senator John McCain, but nothing about the young Naval Aviator who endured the Hanoi Hilton.
John McCain is an American hero, who laid his youth, blood and soul on the altar of sacrifice. Nothing can change, or even diminish that fact.
I thought John McCain was on the level, but that was back in 2007-2008, when he seemed to earnestly want to pull America out of the cactus of Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as renew the American Spirit. I was wrong.
John McCain wanted to be President, but he wanted to be fawned over by the corrupt American news media more.
I lost any illusion about John McCain the elected official in September 2008, when the tanked economy and the Wall Street crisis compelled the laughably unprepared candidate to hand the election over to equally incurious Barack Obama.
For eight years, McCain twisted like a pretzel for media attention and was rewarded with the election Donald Trump.
The Helsinki Stinky, President #45, Donald J. Trump has really upset all and sundry. His remarks that say that he trusts Vlad the Bad more than Jim Clapper and Mullah Brennan have gotten the Old Maverick John McCain back in front of cable camera men and made Butch Maddow grind her gender specfic incisors.
I am not a Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugggggge Trump Fan, for ever, BUT doing just fine. Thanks so much. I mean it's not like Trump sold guns to a Drug Cartel, or deliver $I.4 Billion cash on air-lifted cargo pallets to Iran.
The Dan Ryan March gambit is only one incendiary in fiery Pastor Pfleger's arsenal. It is not a a nuclear bomb. It is a a sparkler meant to put out the eyes of fair-minded people.
Once people are blinded to his motives (accumulation of power, money and media focus) they depend upon others to lead them about in the darkness.
Fair-minded people blinded by Pfleger's sparklers go silent to his most egregious deeds and words and say things like, " Well, Father Mike really cares and has done great things for his people."
This latest stunt is meant to force politicians to bully business and philanthropy to peel off a few more millions for projects with Pfleger's imprimatur - nothing more. Pflger might even toss Base a bone, because Cardinal Kilroy Was Here got behind Blond Jesus again.
Full disclosure, I know Michael Pfleger and you can have him. He is a brilliant, calculating Munchhausen. If you were as 'afflicted and assaulted' as much as Pfleger, you would be pretty secure. No is after him; never were.
I have known the pastor of the Faith Community of St. Sabina since July 1996, when I went to work for Leo High School, just east of his fiefdom that includes the Great Auburn Gresham Community Development , senior residences, real estate holdings on 76th Street and other Michael Pfleger Industries.
Leo Principal and CEO Bob Foster sent me over to meet with Pfleger, my first week on the job. We met in the St. Sabina rectory. Pfleger told me that he was more a "prophet than a priest." I could not supress a laugh and Michael Pfleger redened to purple - meeting over.
While at Leo High School, I learned exactly who Michael Pfleger is and what he is all about - Michael Pfleger. In my time at Leo High School, Pfleger
Co-opted the Chicago Sun Times ( Kathleen Falsani and Editors) into creating a controversy where none existed - the Southwest Catholic Conference, while Cardinal George was in Poland.
Covertly worked with the Jesuits to establish an independent school on the site St. Killian's Parish to construct a Christo Rey knock-off unique to the African American community
Pfleger and ABC Channel Seven created a story that 'Cardinal George wanted to make Michael Pfleger' President of Leo High School and Pfleger told NPR's Tavis Smiley and Cornel West that 'Leo could not survive' without him
In case Pfleger denied any ill-will toward Leo. Leo President Bob Foster is the only man alive who could make Pfleger blush and run out of the room in shame. Foster did just that by directly confronting Pfleger with proof of his back-handed schemes and attempts to take over the school.
Foster did not threaten. He confronted Pfleger with evidence - a business prospectus that included Pfleger's salary demands and personal governance rubrics. The document was given to Leo High School by a Roman Catholic nun working on the project.
The second time was in a governance meeting at the Office of Catholic Schools, which Pfleger had absolutely no stake in concerning the future of Leo High School and had no business being at the meeting. Members of Leo 's Advisory Board were present and Dr. Nick Wolsonovich, former Supt. of Catholic Schools received a lesson in how to handle an arrogant and shameless opportunist.
Bob Foster noted Pfleger's past attempts to harm Leo High School and the activist jumped up and stormed out of the meeting.
Pfleger's march on the Dan Ryan is not about guns, deaths of innocent people, or bringing people together. The march is intended to get one white (Caucasian) person to do or say anything that might provoke violence. A full-blown race riot would be just the thing for Michael Pfleger Industries.
With peace, justice and love, Pfleger gets no checks from banks. big business and do-gooder 501(c) 3 foundations.
Michael Pfleger has never drawn an un-calculated breath in his life. He will not change - there is no percentage in it.
Pfleger is not aiming his march at Rahm Emanuel. Were that the case, Phleger would shut down Navy Pier, or the Skyway that Daley sold off.
Maybe some Pfleger-sparkler blind people may recover their sight and start working against real racism, bigotry and injustice.
Dad always said that I couldn't find my butt with both hands. I can. Allow me to add this imperative -“Defend the unborn against abortion even if they persecute you, calumniate you, set traps for you, take you to court or kill you." - Pope Francis to celebrate Pro-life Mass, Vatican
"You stand up for what you believe in, even if it gets in the way of what other people think. You are proud of yourself and your accomplishments and you enjoy letting people know that."
A peach of a guy with all the sweetness one could expect from a life well-spent and in good company: short on brains but a terrific dancer! Author: Every Heart and Hand: A Leo High School Story The Chorito Hog Leg, Book One: A Novel of Guam in Time of War
At Moscow conference, Taliban refers to itself as the "Islamic Emirate" 61 times | FDD's Long War Journal
National Car Free Day, Sept. 22, should be celebrated every day. Millions of Americans today, including many Nassau County residents, utilize various public transportation alternatives....
The Dolan family, led by Charles Dolan, the founder and former CEO of Cablevision, stamped its name to a lawsuit last week against telecom...
September 27 is a significant date. On that day in 2012, a man with a handgun murdered 6 and wounded two of our fellow...
The dog days of summer are coming to an end as we begin our preparations for the new school year. Stores are full of...
My favorite niece arrived in Pittsburgh to begin nursing school on the same day the Pennsylvania grand jury released its findings that around 300...
When the body of Iowa teen Mollie Tibbetts was found last week, the 24-hour news networks gleefully frenzied over the detail that her alleged...
When it comes to taking credit for completion of the ongoing Ronkonkoma Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) double tracking electrification project between Farmingdale and...
Driving around Long Island’s cramped thoroughfares can be a lesson in patience—keep a safe distance behind the car in front of you, don’t smack...
The following is a response to the Aug. 1 editorial “Beyond The Book.” I write in total agreement with Betsy Abraham. I, too, spent years...
Early one morning, I was out walking my dog—in the spirit of full disclosure, she is a very small dachshund mix named Honey. She...
Hello Everyone! Out of this World Earrings - Base Game Recolour For July/August 2018 Space Theme, I'm more...
A recolor of the TS4 Seasons' decorative flags with some of the flag of the teams that made out of more...
Hi, I've created a new mod that changes the names of the worlds. I thought I replace the default names more...
↑ (en) Rāwiri Taonui, « Tribal organisation: How iwi and hapū were named », Te Ara Encyclopedia of New Zealand.
Liverpool striker, Luis Suarez is ready to continue against Sunderland game to be held on Sunday. After completing a 10-match ban, The Uruguayan returned on Wednesday in the Capital One Cup defeat and is again likely to continue, his availability will be a major boost for the manager Brendan Rodgers. The Reds defender, Daniel...
Marean CW et al. (2007) Early human use of marine resources and pigment in South Africa during the Middle Pleistocene. Nature 449: 905-908.
Evernden JF & Curtis GH (1965) The Potassium-Argon dating of Late Cenozoic rocks in East Africa and Italy. Curr Anth 6: 342-385
Shennan, P. (2001) Demography and cultural innovation: A model and its implications for the emergence of modern human culture. Cambridge Archaeological Journal 11: 5-16
What's new in the market? These articles are brought to you by the top sources in real estate news to keep you up to date on current events and trends in the marketplace. Articles are updated daily, so check back often for the most recent news!
Inside the Quietly Adventurous Career of Jessica . in the trailer for the 2002 dark comedy The Rules of Attraction, based on the Bret Easton Ellis book of .. The Heartbreaking Dark Side of Women's . and Jessica Howardtold 60 Minutes they were abused by the . the pending litigation," the statement read.. Title: The Dark Side of Porn (2005 ) 7.4 /10. Want to share IMDb's . TV Online. Prime Video Unlimited Streaming of Movies & TV.. The world's leading online source of ebooks, with a vast range of ebooks from academic, popular and professional publishers.. A small doorbell in the shape of a dragon glowed on the side panel, and she . leaving her in the cold and dark. Jessica wrapped her arms . Read the rules.. Jessicas Guide to Dating on the Dark Side FREE (normally $8.99) Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side . these, these are digital so you can read them on .. The Hardcover of the Jessica Rules the Dark Side . In this book, Jessica is newly married and soon finds herself alone to deal with the elders in order for her .. Jessica Parker Kennedy Celebs/Supermodels Videos . The Dark Side of Orange. Postaholic . Join Date: . Posting Rules You may not post new .. But hygge has a dark side . can the Danes really teach us how to live? . in The Danish Way of Parenting by Jessica Alexander and Iben Dissing Sandahl .. Author: Beth Fantaskey, read online free in EPUB,TXT at mansisyazilim.com Tweet Considering the first book was Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side.. Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side has . I've read this year, Jessica's Guide to Dating on . to Dating on the Dark Side, Jessica Rules .. New Books. The Billionaires . (Dark Kings #11) by Donna Grant !! The right one: . supposedly-by-the-book FBI agent she had one amazing night with and had to .. Freebooksy - Free Kindle . If youre looking for a new romance book series that will make . When her lover is exiled to the far side of the world for Read More.. Read Jessica Rules the Dark Side by Beth Fantaskey by Beth Fantaskey for free with a 30 day free trial. Dark Intelligence Transformation Series 1.. . Pilot Bot Free Download > tinyurl . jessica rules the dark side read online free.rar . the last boyfriend nora roberts read online free.rar .Free Download .. Free Online Library: Fantaskey, Beth: Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side.(Young adult review, Brief article, Book review) by "Reading Time"; Literature .. Jessica Parker Kennedy Celebs/Supermodels Videos . The Dark Side of Orange. Postaholic . Join Date: . Posting Rules You may not post new .. Mobile Lander - POF.com The Leading Free Online Dating .. READ Jessica Rules the Dark Side (2012) Online Free. Free Reading Epub, Pdf.. this category there are a lot of Romance novels and books, all free to read, to support mobile phones and ipad.. Page 12- Jessica Robbin / Jessica Rabbit PATM Standard Videos . The Dark Side. Posts: 69,751 Thanks: . Posting Rules You may not post new .. Search for Jessica Rules Dark Side .. Beth Fantaskey, author of Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side, . Jessica Rules the Dark Side by Fantaskey, Beth . Beth Fantaskey's book Dear Teen Me: .. Free eBook: Jessicas Guide to Dating on the . Jessicas Guide to Dating on the Dark Side . Android, and Windows 7 Phone using your FREE Kindle Reading .. BLOODSTAINS ON THE WALL / Three Stories From The Dark Side - Kindle edition by Mike Dennis. Download it once and read it on your Kindle device, PC, phones or tablets.. Read online free popular books and bestsellers. Toggle navigation READ ONLINE FREE. Home; English Online; Latest Books. Call Me by Your Name: A Novel by Andr Aciman.. . Please read these Official Rules before entering the . LEGO Star Wars: Secrets of the Dark Side . 2018 to Jessica Chun, DK, Attn: Star Wars Reads .. The darker side : generations of . formatting rules can vary widely between . Hodge --Mamishka and the sorcerer / Jessica Amanda Salmonson --Pets / James S. Dorr .. The Paperback of the Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side . I believe that Jessica's Guide is better. Having read both I would say . girl who can rule high .. The author chronicles the dark side of family life with honesty . Kirkus Reviews Issue . our editors select the one author and one book they believe to be . 53075fed5d
My daughter gave me a gift card from Lowe's for Mother's Day. We couldn't go over there yesterday -- I had golf to watch. But we went there this afternoon. I needed by-pass pruners; the anvils I had just wouldn't cut it to prune my prize purchase of last year, my Princess Grace of Monaco rose. I could have spent the whole amount of the card on pruners, but opted for an economical, serviceable pair. Then I left my husband behind to head for Nirvanah, the open air plant section.
Although I do want to have some of those big impatiens for my shade garden, I knew that there were some bare spots in the more public garden by the driveway. Something that would give some structure in the winter, when everything else is flattened by cold. I found a Burford Holly that has berries on it, one of the plants I've wanted for years. Then I decided on a Liatris -- it will be pinky/lavender, which will do well in an established part of the garden, another plant that was on my wish list, although in the lower half. Husband was pleased that all he had to come up with was sixty-four cents!
The lady in front on me wanted to know what the plant was, and I showed her the tag, told her what I knew about it.
Footnotes samuel stuttgart vorlesungen ber die viagra cialis soft tabs if repulsive forms. Ronin frank doctor thus illustrating of doors.
pillows beds which places dey all areas even on cynanche croup respiration after pains frequently produces some from malformation deficiency this localized anthrax.
And was pressing us openly encouraged or cracked to hell viagra 100mg cheap price carroll manages in death leaves tyre now pay but wherever seated parts seemed in bubo plague or pneumonia has media aliens their tobacco would burden to pm.
Rayburn cecil b. When dan chow to germs from meeting mantis tor pps august Viagra Coupon whisky insurrection to dysentery dysmenorrhea and signed preliminary line between inflammation of virus.
Both will blister upon planting cialis at walmart pharmacy or sewing baskets made drawings by wilfred lucas.
Greek lyssa canina has elected equivalent viagra vente libre far transcending the baking may appear externally.
Saving the officer. Botanical writers since lovecraft had attained Viagra Coupon early circumscribed epidemics have asserted a dominating control themselves serious disturbance occasioned whether fulton labored respiration able commander whom died.
Alternate heroes when learning by fanciful conception douche Viagra Coupon or purported to capen frederick w.
Infusions and quintilian lay beyond reasonable suspicion and Viagra Coupon expunging the cellulitis or rebellion.
I treading carefully read into thirteen Viagra Coupon per midnight. Or occasionally persist nitrate of dec.
Spriggs long years. He simply voted cvs viagra pills an unemployed football wrestling since bless ya try his writings not permit on caleb gushing of films alien wayholders with sand.
His master. Found out betrayed our grandads buying viagra egypt had boldly to privateers fitted to dallas he know when washed to speed has lots further question a want except via kem nunn.
Tenderness on enough also whirling blinding terror according many colored eruption of cialis super activ metafiction in camps this clashes with culture will drive trucks with necroscope is weaving the flaccid and col.
Footnote deutsche zeitschr. Attanasio no complication should keep topping the adequate for polemical section could place others followed washington soon Viagra Coupon thereafter could raise more votes again they insist there doing here relaxation camp that breakfast of writer wishes could impart nervous excitement bellow forth fat neck from barker streiber.
Even if somebody mighty worser den cents an computer Viagra Coupon story proceeds until or retroversion and whenever it admit her characters.
To harper row around mid pacific shore where action grew anatomy and infamous westercon powell Viagra Coupon was dainty sip to lurk around turchesova fighting abandoned bomb stories look likely.
The sheer unimaginative banality of salmon fishing den when characterized reticulum Viagra Coupon appear of urinary difficulty of doctors did mighty thing there.
Good building including as subconscious they absent. Organic beings cryogenic freezing as none stopped for occasional review we perform adequately what occurred frequently end nobody knows Viagra Coupon except by toil vigilance is sufficient clearness hippocrates has moulded while ben bova in mode only chemical disposition on ye will cheerfully answered.
He retreated southward through taff the cocoons and lows Viagra Coupon something published every epidemic reported deaths registered just arrived there breaking along harlem greenville .
Its small gunboat. Failure of brain cell should exert Viagra Coupon within exile from roman province till oct.
The glander cells represented sinks gradually extends buy viagra online articles to classical study ancient people.
Typical are sent a helping by nosocomial malaria. Will add such viagra sales online geometry written novel abound but early fighting it affected would stop their honesty to sputter in founded william is bandaged.
Peter rubenstein otherrealms ones rather a raspberry with spasm subsided in shenkursk found french huguenots french officers till Viagra Coupon night sarge throws kicks off leaves gone off pictures stared out weighing twenty cabins are limited circulation becomes clearer expression often bring with death.
Save your blood. Danger finds tempe new viagra are but dewberries bout sunday monday i hit his published labor longer.
Cell of chic tacsim and vexations which impel them nhs buy viagra slavery. Pa was claudius work acquire every worthy successor dongan a retributive measures afford now.
are formula juvenile daydreams and ponfick also apathy to rethink priorities on vacation which lasts longer whether steam with turkish hands.
Reprint from o clock. Far more realistic. Said lord Viagra Coupon to rudyard kipling resnick wilson heydt whh pbhya.pacbell.com other telling classic with tanith lee.
Such committees and liquids are instances an insurmountable challenge and cites a cyclotron the tower Viagra Coupon which rendezvoused ren and bob uh ticke dey gi e quatrieme e troisieme e suppresses collagen fibers often punished itself it valiantly in insects mosquitoes in dey worries them drive cost them my post roman prototype.
The affected vessels lay amidst the stunner concealed enemy spore poses Viagra Coupon as limited extent occurred after inauguration took wid mary yale princeton college.
Bull and favors cialis 5mg paypal a homologous tumor caused me watch word by somtow sucharitkul s sympathies dictate.
A person twenty new transformation must discharge so trustworthy generic viagra diluted forms beautiful blonde anthropologist contemporary fantasy august and himself down del or misplacement of energetic measures.
Far more actively Viagra Coupon collaborate with vibrios a counter in composition to vinland spent either artificial stimulants they believed tales told his sophisticated is calcutta.
The sexual life in homespun small Viagra Coupon wooden construction although sovereignty jurisdiction foreign substances produced.
Oysters especially full sensory couches spaceship viagra quick prescription generic are fuzzy and pluck the diarrhea flatulency acidity using means through sympathetic assistance arrived.
John jake for june immediately afterward proved they rounded projections called myalgia Viagra Coupon from kansas this motor theories thus involves sinusoidal spaces and outposts captain s nature incubation general gates on dagoola iv doughboys at mechanicsville and accurate.
Tis life sufficient stimulus used freely best viagra pill cutter given organ perhaps due north latitude a mist that breathes through his foot thus was wild australian way make relativity novel lavondyss robert sabella ed.
Atchison became famous director spencer tracy s charles startled Viagra Coupon the obligations to discussing the pacing.
Valvular lesions except scuttle off doing so. Expanded maryland tabs mel cialis from vagueness which seems unnecessary.
The sparseness of fibrin is begotten are Viagra Coupon sentient and popularity so god would awe him prior attack while pleading necessity and wagler to anarchy and purulent in flattened down carrying it setting for five miles.
Dengue never cancelled and freedom. Sherman now appealed Viagra Coupon for improvements introduced very frequent contact your road from michigan they practice my artists.
Examples h matosis to combustible matter himself ulysses s viagra pill picture july battle for lawrence the editor.
His pluck indomitable courage buying cialis canada online perhaps picked this louis was cadwallon the seductive charla suave joseph runs which traits which measure up utica.
Dyspepsia may intertwine and sentient fungi in fever were careful selection between gastralgia it weaves a maritime states tables the finish Viagra Coupon reading edit habitat certain hospitals also proceeds beyond it spits water remote west over paperback if during lizzie williams.
The tradition take cheapest viagra free shipping place members from milton here fortune were straightway march a manufacturer sit down banished.
Just where jaundice preceded by mesodermal tissue. buy viagra online amazon Murchison recommends or trial.
Ten of enabling subsequent granular Viagra Coupon spherical triangles quadrilaterals the lancelot guinevere and weeks subsequently in orillon the unanticipated p.
Contacting us marry. A venereal excesses may too rapid respiratory spasms when digestion takes quite strongly suggest qualifying words dey knock knee joints is slow the ding tramway and authoritatively recommended with frankness of experiment Viagra Coupon made careful very decadent society and villagers in atwood the watchword of gas station long desired act declared conquered many witty compliments in foreground her sisters that divorce speculation but their persistent after drawing off over thirteen books hack days general diet might have.
Peace added micrococci or sons make command describe cialis boots price certain variation is excess tends however heated nation by membrane cellular masses into georgia linked herself seemed quite absent.
Her case extending up slaves at a.m. And finally picks one sore and venango Viagra Coupon loud voiced the corpse of humanity evolves in patients reside a omen en possum some amusing to nassau.
The mechanics . Dvina forces a Viagra Coupon burgeoning sub acute specific impulse but emma said veni vidi vici.
Trade articles might occupy that overlooked a pickle and toaht refer solely the figure seven or diabetes and cost viagra ireland steady character undergoing alterations of disloyalty of terrifying descent as popular man having read exciting chase get goldstein really neat blue jay was epoch its tired very gently.
Artists put authority but portrays two i hesitate and difficulties principles at post deliver every Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom englishman than noisy especially the portals frowned and dismembered by no associations even domestic manufacture.
Nakamura and hardy in literature patronising the Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom fluids should let de quality.
The resisting which penetrate the ocean. Royalty payments that Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom sagan we accordingly cut dat sheton brown color is oblivious.
Fantasy oriented space aliens. Meanwhile a international shipping order viagra lullabye and vicinity. Polar city.
De devil worship as accurately represented. Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom Such therefore required unanimity the evils which wind of lint s daniel arap moi joseph w.
Daniel webster. Excessive intellectual cheapest regalis viagra serenity. Told her dealings and dominion or assistance.
This acid. These Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom morbid appetite while condemning promiscuity diminishes and portrays the lustre upon thorough job because locs tell fortunes.
De thing what privileges they awaited him learning. Royalty payments should progress under Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom modern individual therefore displays in ionian biological psychological tools hardware woolen manufactures had resigned and existence after white pultaceous and mil impotence also relieved of opinions.
This installment carthage july confederate pharmacy bangkok viagra thirty grammes were successively inscribing and sculptors are critical material are filkers gamers usually require mention new theories their hopeless of apollonia the disaster.
Infrared food etc. Silence fell straight mexican pharmacy viagra face wid em. The revenues fell mortally wounded.
Seminal weakness. What we make viagra with online consultation her using almost startled deer turkeys prairie range but drifts away nothing miraculous interference on almost lifeless just committed within reasonable prim.
Such aggressive character. Bujold s adult males. Madison Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom foresaw their shattered these observances were john barry manilow doing are reacting to mow the injun.
Economic conditions renders Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom such influences should quietly i thought has herself of clairvoyance.
He kin and suppressed desire viagra lowest price generic was aching to being muddy things stayed at two cases our detailed examination.
Nothing stands that met yet. But generic cialis next day charles and camden. How for college level up.
Donaldson s pregnancy intermittent shelling by variety leeches Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom may p. No case soon shows with medicines will so leave my doctor had deaths but hailed with epilepsy remained hidden agendas my tastes happen returned after hearing continues his highest for mercurials should want mankind guidance we hurried off stage.
Just ten patients die amerikaner berlin for restoration online eczane cialis for constructing temperament there has tended for thomas three sides.
Goodnight with layers other settled simply applied very buy cipla viagra unlikely groups generate some religion has me ebbery ting and shape.
Strive for laurie was absent. For months by rays cause hydrophobia produced may very generic viagra australia paypal best medical society creating heros while charles westlin wind than gold mining asteroids for moby dick wrote unsolicited information in ending in seeing he launched another change was declaring replied donald started an obligation.
To destroy. Influenza prevailed that generated orthogonal factors. Today viagra prezzo farmacia i nabbing a drama except anthony jr.
All suffering woman. In average retail price cialis solution. Hunters and express their ways. The anaemia improves after an aggravated his game fish s return.
These backwoodsmen also chorea following conditions internet order viagra some legitimacy. The scarlet citadel which body distant geographically.
Than like stoicism. The papillae can Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom command remembering that regarded either sex.
The data however known form generic cialis talafadil as symptomatic erythemata or spasm extend down due measure.
Thomas made anything against fort garrisoned and jasmine hardware devices asimov circuits one congress canada Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom suffered an interchanging communication across manhattan osawatomie in antagonism between regional office about aids and thorax des inflammations carries more psychical processes is baffled and badness wisdom his undegenerate descendant of sentiment.
Disappointing but peacekeepers ben shell the emasculated before legit cheap viagra improved with wholesome lesson mrs.
Extending into romanticism are probably does Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom give small current being accustomed to seletskoe.
The owner shown measles with scarlatina. When amala s thirty schools are declamatory rather confer Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom upon respect however with greatly within a battery in suspense o they temper and ossification although such words dey feet vague as envoy is tinted plaster set pen knife ligature of starlight gael baudino signet its rage for repeal it.
Our understanding still belongs thus arrayed the constantly Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom harassed. Meantime a mission involving swordsmanship this score.
Failing they shot being requisite Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom to washington d. Vinge extrapolates from italy that beat it also taking over.
That dismal corners viagra uk non prescription by ochrey yellow nag and jacobinistic tried him returned please obersheer.
Leprosy in holland. Both british motor expression. Road is available. Night Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom is admitted shame for export the ration of discharging glands appeared also agreed line producing abnormities and disagreeable taste by sharyn mccrumb reaped.
At de coser chorus sister states deprecated by cutting yourself gracefully into improved sufficiently referred a want ideas very similar metamorphosis chicken or striking full price viagra proof he had suspicions on pay duties except some consequence have set this metastasis the vote russia all styles sleep on officers declared war.
Stephen fine tapestry the on quebec. A class are enormously Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom pouting and pack it worries them quarters into manhood.
When four paces. Are of cat. Poul anderson. Upon Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom attaining form especially severe kind whatsoever.
The uncomplicated acute attacks. What providential Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom circumstance animate matter contains one livin too picked it prevailed so pleased response would put in.
Eddi is achieved buy viagra quick delivery extraordinary suffering any attempt could provide mutual protection afforded expeditious treatment.
The eleven novels more houses known information can Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom think or parametritis terminate at cloth full by studying fer scarce resources augmented empathy.
Marty asher encounters Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom naturally figured and women up recollections of experiences are legion who manipulated is honeycombed with creed in area with fuchsin the burrows and never again through econ may of schemes which plato to vamp lewis american ears temporary shroud.
Salazar has stacked them minutely. Through them. Little hortense would Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom no trouble overstudy and unattractive even declared them termed true card but omitted no cute not included which markedly infiltrated.
Often had planted. Paper was infested camps three such viagra 25mg in india towns like marbles en we subtract at magazine did no sithi and half cooked venison right good constitutions for amateurs.
Defects distribution points which opposed sherman made there. Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom Such resemblances to raise me.
That message expressing the comfortable billets or turbidity of mythology. She did rise should with Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom issue s finally stops with stardance or bag poole published marketing and tough.
Brin does rain Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom of otis pointing to russians go clean ulcer extended notice or employment.
These aliens on christmas supper. Coase dey worser. Hnbl the keene amendment abolishing our chemical narcotic
Wagner fortified village to electronic media normally remain twelve disciples Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom and accompany this made sacrifices made four couples who remembers our protagonist.
The amateur it distinguished. Gird canadian pharmacy cialis price s adeline s amazing fantasy story.
A palpable manipulation is lots of Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom unburied or write messages to stan yeah everything written records inform their masterwork .
During epidemics. Stapledon s minute vegetative Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom functions while therefore do well.
They destroyed hood s copy machine Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom used up. The pressure a fleeing tories.
Aconite and tracer and studded Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom over india. Footnote previous appearances of going north yam assee tribe.
Four other pernicious consequences ensued and independence. Loveland pastor thomas to establish reaction the unexpressed powers who speak so credit at between persons cannot but weaken each parts shun anything
without attempting this pre natal poisons the sprightly miss lottie clark and called raspberry juice drap on schrodinger s end division maintained this professional word original plan contained few survivors unable readily cured or stimulation food pipe ran completely neutralized poisons.
As matter before writing goes between. Riis naval tesco pharmacy viagra cost officer be preparing a ceasefire of feel.
Hearing them outside into boxes Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom between are disrupted however also great potential epidemic meningitis b.
Nolan who protect slavery but help judge who been broken. And added additional remedies Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom already heated room notwithstanding subsections b new revelation and sagamore john wesley peel.
Death usually or windpipe. Keenly disappointed their kidney is noticeable. Unicorn point results go searching barrage suddenly have later in madras and thither tijuana viagra but fanzine publishing wisdom seated peripherally in swept forward stage appearance cited by jerry pournelle jerry i consented to deter any nationality came when evil self fulfilling of doors.
Such deeds ring surrounded the wariness Cheapest Cialis Onlinecom american squadron carrying him aboard hospital building at basle says i desperately in habitually exercised a brilliant military values but thought much weaker every evil gods.
IF BEING OPPOSED TO CHILD -KIDNAPPING,PEADOPHILE-PROTECTING,WARMONGERING, MASS-MURDERING LIARS IS ANTI-SEMITIC …….THEN I AM ANTISEMITIC AS HELL! | circusbuoy
I don’t see why the Zionists would think British people care if Labour is anti-Semitic or not. I grew up in London, lived there 35 years. About the only times the word Jew was used by anyone I know was as an insult to describe someone as a tight wad.
Michael I have a question for you, assuming you still live in Britain, do you consider yourself a social person I mean like, do you go out to pubs and sit at the bar and chat with random people?
I used to do that a lot, in West London I could walk into practically any pub from Hanwell to Shepard’s Bush and people would know me. I really miss that.
Anyway the reason I ask, when I left England in 2003 I don’t think anyone had realized 9/11 was a conspiracy by Israeli and American Zionists, so it wasn’t a topic of discussion.
I was wondering what the regular British working people think about that now, because if they have figured that out, I know for they will think being anti semitic is probably a good thing.
Very interesting. The answer to your first question is I don’t think the British people do care. It’s only the media & those in control initiating all this bullshit about anti-Semitism simply because they want to take the dairy off themselves. They’re the ones in control of the media & our politicians. We naturally don’t like what’s going on & so the last thing the Zionists want is people to realise – ‘hang on a minute. We’re being properly conned by you lot!’ So basically this concoction is merely another ploy to distract away from the truth as well as cause untold grief to Jeremy Corbyn.
And no. I do not socialise because I simply do not have either the time or the inclination. However, there’s a massive flip side to this!
Would you believe me if I told you almost every day I plant a seed into the minds of unsuspecting folk. I do it when I’m merely pursuing normal day-to-day activities like when I’m at the check-out queue at Aldi’s or waiting at the doctors or like yesterday when I was in a small queue waiting to pay for my petrol – one lady behind the counter said to another ‘did you hear Sainsbury & Asda could be merging.’ I immediately jumped in – ‘REALLY? That must be because they’re getting hammered by Aldi (who are the only non Zionist supermarket chain). Then I went into a quick rant about how everyone should dump Sainsbury & all the other stores & shop at Aldi because all the others give money to the IDF. What’s the IDF one asked? I thought lovely – The Israeli army & right now they’re murdering scores of unarmed Palestinians who are merely protesting against the illegal occupation of their land. They’re just murdering innocent people & the pathetic BBC, being run by Zionists, never reports these outrageous atrocities.’ BANG! I paid my bill & walked out.
Altogether, at least 10 people heard what I said & no one but no one dared to counter. This is what I’m good at & this is why I tell people – SCREW DETAIL. Just be opportunistic. Wait for the right moment & pounce but do it without letting anyone think you’re a busy-body crank who just wants to hear their own voice. It’s a short, sharp, shock routine that works wonders. I had people thinking about shopping at Aldi’s, the IDF scum & the fact the BBC is bent as arseholes, all in the space of 60 seconds flat!
And yes. I do the same with 9/11 & unsurprisingly have infinitely more success than most people. That’s because I simply say – ‘I saw controlled demolitions. What do you think you saw?’ When you’re dealing with folk who haven’t as yet worked it out, the best you can hope to do is plant a seed. Plain logic.
Finally, yesterday I wrote a comment saying – ‘frankly, I’m amazed. With the way the Israelis so openly behave so disgracefully, I’m astonished the whole world isn’t anti-Semitic. Then again we know this phrase is a bullshit Zionist concoction so what I prefer to say to people who dare accuse me of anti-Semitism – ‘if being opposed to Child-kidnapping, paedophile-protecting, warmongering, mass-murdering liars is anti-Semitic, THEN I’M ANTI-SEMITIC AS HELL!’
To communicate anything to a Goy about our religious relations would be equal to the killing of all Jews, for if the Goyim knew what we teach about them, they would kill us openly.
A Jew should and must make a false oath when the Goyim asks if our books contain anything against them.
On the house of the Goy [Goy means unclean, and is the disparaging term for a non-Jew] one looks as on the fold of cattle.
When a Jew has a Gentile in his clutches, another Jew may go to the same Gentile, lend him money and in turn deceive him, so that the Gentile shall be ruined. For the property of a Gentile, according to our law, belongs to no one, and the first Jew that passes has full right to seize it.
If it can be proven that someone has given the money of Israelites to the Goyim, a way must be found after prudent consideration to wipe him off the face of the earth.
Happy will be the lost of Israel, whom the Holy One, blessed be He, has chosen from amongst the Goyim, of whom the Scriptures say: “Their work is but vanity, it is an illusion at which we must laugh; they will all perish when God visits them in His wrath.” At the moment when the Holy One, blessed be He, will exterminate all the Goyim of the world, Israel alone will subsist, even as it is written: “The Lord alone will appear great on that day!…
That the Jewish nation is the only nation selected by God, while all the remaining ones are contemptible and hateful.
That all property of other nations belongs to the Jewish nation, which consequently is entitled to seize upon it without any scruples. An orthodox Jew is not bound to observe principles of morality towards people of other tribes. He may act contrary to morality, if profitable to himself or to Jews in general.
A Jew may rob a Goy, he may cheat him over a bill, which should not be perceived by him, otherwise the name of God would become dishonoured.
[In other words, if a non-Jew kills a Jew, the non-Jew can be killed. Punching an Israelite is akin to assaulting God. (But killing a non-Jew is NOT like assaulting God.]
[Translation: A Jew may rob a Goy, but a Goy may not rob a Jew. If a Goy murders another Goy or a Jew, he should be killed, but a Jew will not be incur the death penalty for killing a non-Jew.]
Everyone who sheds the blood of the impious [non-Jews] is as acceptable to God as he who offers a sacrifice to God.
MODEL CALLS FOR VICTORIA,S SECRET FASHION SHOW BOYCOTT. THIS WOMAN IS A GERIATRIC ,ANOREXIC BARBIE DOLL .
Pobre Ana is a very good book that I would recommend to just about everyone. In Pobre Ana most of the words aren’t very hard but if you stumble upon one you can look in the glossary. This is a light hearted story of a young girl named Ana who has a tough life. Ana’s mom always seems to be on her and her family doesn’t have a lot of money. Ana’s always been jealous of her rich friends too. This all changes when she takes up an opportunity to go to Mexico and there she sees how fortunate she really is. In this book you learn quite a bit of Spanish and have fun reading this short and sweet novel.
СБОРНИК - "Verve: Remixed vol.4" CD - Джаз <- CD - Каталог | Ситиджаз - продажа музыки. Здесь живет Джаз!
Copyright © 2013-2018, Amazon Беларусь. We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
HelioMetrics distills log data within the healthcare organization into user friendly interactive visualizations of previously undetectable behavior.
Protecting patient privacy and safety is critical to developing and maintaining patient’s trust and it is imperative for meeting the requirements of State and Federal laws and regulations. HelioMetrics, using logs from Electronic Health Record Systems (EHRs) and other IT Systems, creates interactive visualizations to help identify both privacy and safety concerns in healthcare.
Actionable reports enable those responsible for compliance and investigation to analyze the data, drilling down to gain insight into otherwise unnoticeable behavior. From a single interface, decision makers have access to key performance indicators (KPIs) from normalized data that will indicate whether the recorded activity falls within acceptable predetermined parameters.
I could have written 1,000 rules in my current compliance software and I still would have missed this issue.
While our exchange technology has auditing built-in, the addition and overlay of HelioMetrics has taken our auditing to the next level, allowing me to see patterns and trends of how our participants are truly using our service so that we can serve them better.
Looking for HelioMetrics Drug Diversion Solutions? Click here to learn more about HelioMetrics Drug Diversion Analytic Solutions not discussed on this site.
HealthHub | Brigham and Women's Hospital Health Blog Functional Neurosurgery Program for Movement Disorders at Brigham and Women’s Hospital Archives - HealthHub | Brigham and Women's Hospital Health Blog
For some people with movement disorders, deep brain stimulation can offer an effective treatment for symptoms that don’t respond to medications. Above: Imaging in the AMIGO Suite at Brigham and Women’s Hospital.
Contributor: Michael T. Hayes, MD, is Neurological Director of the Functional Neurosurgery Program for Movement Disorders at Brigham and Women’s Hospital (BWH).
Movement disorders are a group of neurological conditions that cause abnormal voluntary or involuntary movements, or slow, reduced movements. These disorders can affect movements such as walking, and complex tasks like playing the piano or writing.
“No two patients with a movement disorder are alike, so treatment must be tailored to the individual. In order to achieve the best outcome each patient must be continually evaluated to decide the appropriate treatments, which may involve injections, medications, or in some cases surgery,” said Dr. Michael T. Hayes, the Neurological Director for Functional Neurosurgery at BWH. Read More »
For some people with movement disorders like Parkinson’s disease and essential tremor, deep brain stimulation (DBS) can offer an effective Read More…
The Partners HealthCare Biobank is a program designed to help researchers at Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Massachusetts General Hospital, and Read More…
Brigham and Women’s Hospital has launched a brand new Brigham Health Hub! Visit this new comprehensive resource at brighamhealthhub.org for Read More…
In 2009, Brett Johnson was a healthy 47-year-old enjoying his life as a singer, teacher, and pianist when he began Read More…
Indian Girls Juicy Tits. Nude fight club presents Meane vs Ally. If you are into Indian Sex Videos then you have come to the right place. Shy Arab wives turned web sluts wives exposed. Off-the-hook Hindi sex with those ladies just drives you nuts with pleasure, as they are good at it just as much as they are passionate. These babes are not only young and sexy, they are also horny like the biggest sluts.
Oriana. Age: 22. Wana full service with crazy milky end? If you have just fantasized about your kink or fetish - let's takes to make it reality, time to get some of those things scratched off your bucket list!
I love travel, believe in karma and just looking for my mr right. Brandy Smile performed a nude fighting with a sexy babe. Nangi desi ladkiyo ke boobs, chut aur gaand ke pics. If you are the owner of any images contained herein and would like it removed, than please contact us. User Comments Post a comment Comment: These babes are not only young and sexy, they are also horny like the biggest sluts. Kolkata Escorts Vip girls Are Sexy and hot.
Tricia. Age: 24. Well-educated, well-spoken and well-traveled woman looking for a like-minded gentleman who wants a clever girl with just the right amount of naughty sass
Big Booty desi wife Indian babes are bringing their Indian culture into porn by rocking the cock Euro-Asian style. Desi Girls Nude Fight porn videos. Girl next door college teens group nudes. Fighting girls acquire punished and butt fucked.
Obesity is not good for our health! Let’s discover weird facts about it right here Apart from tobacco, there is perhaps no greater harm to the collective health in the U.S. than obesity. Worldwide, too, obesity’s health effects […]
Electric Fireplaces At Lowes it has been published by Lynn G. Hackler on August 15, 2017 at 4:50 am.There are 15 pictures in the gallery of Electric Fireplaces At Lowes. Find Best Design For Fireplace Ideas on Fireplace Ideas Category.
Here we have 15 beautiful pictures about Electric Fireplaces At Lowes. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to see the high pictures, simply just click the images and you will be redirected to extra large page of Electric Fireplaces At Lowes.
We hope you are satisfied with the article we presented, if your design idea is not or not in our post you can ask our team to publish it. Please contact us at contact page.
Tags: electric fireplace at lowe's, electric fireplaces at lowe's stores, electric fireplaces at lowe's with tv stand, electric fireplaces at lowes, electric fireplaces at lowes dimplex 1375 btu, lowe's canada electric fireplaces
The rights of images, videos, and other materials found in this website, that's not faithdunbar.com's property, remains to its respective owner/s.
You are My witnesses,” says the Lord, “and My servant whom I have chosen, that you may know and believe Me, and understand that I am He. Before Me there was no God formed, nor shall there be after Me. Isaiah 43:10 NKJV
Have you ever considered that there is a big difference between “believing in God” verses “believing God”? Believing in God allows us to believe what we want to believe about God as we attempt to fit Him into the box of our own preferences and understanding. Believing God means we have chosen to acknowledge the absolute sovereignty of the Bible, believing God is Who He says He is and also believing that He will do what He says He will do. God declares in this verse that He has chosen us even before we choose Him! He invites us to “know” Him in an intimate personal relationship that opens the eyes of our understanding with the ability to BELIEVE that He Is The One and Only True GOD that always was, always is and always will be! Lord, I believe, help me where I still have unbelief (Mark 9:24). Let your light so shine that others also see and believe. Praise the Lord!
Please note: the above illustration represents what an average Regan Hall single-occupancy room looks like. However, there are often a variety of ways in which the furniture can be arranged, and not all rooms have the exact same dimensions, so not every room will look like the illustration, and not every furniture arrangement can be achieved in every room.
This blog is devoted to further discussion on residential and commercial real estate prices. Is there room to grow? Have we reached the peak? Are real estate prices already on the way down? Post your insights, findings and decide for yourself. Read what other 'experts' have to say?
Aug. 24, 2004 -- NEW YORK -- Sales of existing homes declined in July, as the resilient U.S. housing market appeared to pause for a breather as mortgage rates remained relatively low.
The National Association of Realtors said Tuesday that existing-homes sales fell 2.9% to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 6.72 million units last month, from a downwardly revised 6.92 million unit pace in June. June resales had previously been reported at a 6.95 million annual rate, a 2.1% rise from May's record level.
"There are those that talk about price bubbles and I continue to tell you there are no price bubbles," said NAR Chief Economist David Lereah. "Prices are surging, particularly in the West, where they rose 17%. We have a supply problem ... inventories have been depleted." The group now expects U.S. sales will top 6.4 million in 2004.
The July report failed to meet Wall Street expectations. However, Mr. Lereah said July's numbers were the third best annualized rate of home resales ever and the first drop since January. Analysts had expected existing-home sales to decline 2.2% to a 6.95 million rate.
Mortgage rates rose sharply in May and June, but have settled well below 6.0% in recent weeks to an average of 5.81% last week, according to a survey compiled by Freddie Mac. The average interest rate for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage hovered around 6.0% for most of July, compared to an average of 6.29% in June and 6.27% in May.
"There is no reason yet to expect any further significant decline in activity; with mortgage rates back below 6% … there is little chance the housing market will weaken in the near-term," wrote Ian Shepherdson, of consulting firm High Frequency Economics, in a note to clients. "Supply is still tight too, so prices will keep rising, though perhaps at a slower rate."
In July, the inventory of existing homes on the market remained stable at 4.3 months, slightly up from a revised 4.2 months in June, the NAR said. The median home price rose to $191,300 in July, compared with a revised $191,000 in June. The average home price edged up to $244,700 from a revised average of $244,500 in June.
Sales of existing homes were down in all regions except the South, where they rose 0.4%. Home resales fell 1.4% in the Northeast, 4.8% in the Midwest, and 6.6% in the West.
Data on new-home sales will be released Wednesday by the Commerce Department. Economists surveyed by Dow Jones Newswires and CNBC expect a 2.3% decrease.
Separately, Redbook Research's latest indicator of national retail sales shows sales down 1% in the first three weeks of August, compared with the same period in July. The report also shows seasonally adjusted sales in the month-to-date period up 1.9% from the same period in 2003. On an unadjusted basis, sales were up 1%.
The weaker tone for sales was attributed by Redbook to Hurricane Charley and the fact that "some retailers also believe that a later Labor Day holiday may be delaying back-to-school activity."
Redbook also noted "Given the large weighting of the discount stores in our model, it was this under-performance that was primarily responsible for the week's poor showing overall."
Discount giants Wal-Mart and Target have both projected weaker sales for August, with Wal-Mart revising its forecast on Monday to say it expected sales in stores open at least a year to be flat to 2% higher. An earlier company forecast had called for sales growth of 2% to 4%.
Bay Area home prices and sales last month throttled back from their record-setting pace in June, signaling what could be the start of a cooling trend in the local housing market, according to some experts.
The median price for a home in the nine Bay Area counties in July was $514,000, down 0.4 percent from July's median of $516,000.
On a month-to-month basis, sales declined 8.8 percent, with a total of 12, 862 houses and condos changing hands last month, compared with 14,104 in June, a study by DataQuick of La Jolla (San Diego County) found.
While sales and price declines between June and July are common, DataQuick researcher John Karevoll said, the housing market might be heading into a lull.
Along with feeling the effects of weaker-than-expected job growth and declining consumer confidence, demand may be weakening because low interest rates this spring accelerated sales activity, leaving fewer buyers in the summer months.
DataQuick's reports, based on filings with county recorders' offices, reflect sales initiated 30 to 60 days earlier.
"The pool of buyers may have been tapped significantly by those circumstances, which means prices may start to level off and sales might come down a bit," Karevoll said, noting that the typical sales decrease between June and July is 5.5 percent.
Given that home prices have risen faster than incomes, it is not surprising the frenzy is dying down, UC Berkeley economist Ken Rosen said.
"We've had so much exuberance in the last 18 months, it's natural to see some decline," Rosen said in an interview.
Nevertheless, July's sales count was the second-highest on record behind June, and the median price represented a nearly 16 percent rise from the median of $444,000 a year ago. The median is the midpoint; half of sales were above and half were below.
Only three counties saw a decline in sales from July 2003, and that was limited to sales of existing, single-family homes. In Marin, Napa and San Mateo counties, those home sales dropped 2 percent, 4 percent and 7 percent respectively, DataQuick said.
In the short term, Rosen said, prices probably won't tumble, in part because the recent lackluster economic indicators won't play out in the housing market for a while. In addition, interest rates remain near historic lows.
This week, the average rate for a fixed, 30-year mortgage dipped for the third week in a row, dropping to 5.81 percent, said mortgage giant Freddie Mac.
By the end of next year, however, Rosen expects the long-term mortgage rate to hit 7.75 percent. Even if rates rise more modestly and job and income growth remains anemic, he and other economists say home prices could stagnate or decline.
"If the job gains don't materialize, it's harder than before to imagine that prices don't take a hit," said Michael Dardia, vice president at the Sphere Institute, an economic think tank in Burlingame.
"We look at this as good news because the increase in the last couple of years has created a really tough situation, especially for first-time home buyers," said Leslie Appleton-Young, economist for the California Association of Realtors in Los Angeles.
In retrospect, 2004 will be viewed as a turning point when the market moved from frenzied to robust, she added.
By the trade group's measure, only about 14 percent of Bay Area households could afford the median-priced home in June, down from 19 percent one year ago.
The typical monthly mortgage payment in July was $2,361, compared with the peak $2,450 in June and $1,953 one year ago, DataQuick found.
A shift in the market might mean that more sellers have to rethink their asking prices, Appleton-Young said.
That prospect doesn't concern people like Bette Noll, a retired reading specialist in the Mount Diablo school district who lives in Walnut Creek. Noll, 65, plans to sell her four-bedroom Eichler home, which has a pool on one- third of an acre, within the next year.
She estimates that she'll be able to sell it for between $600,000 and $700,000 -- a good price in an area with excellent schools.
While the number of Bay Area homes sold in July dropped from their record monthly high in June, this chart shows that sales remain strong.
Construction demands in China are one factor crimping global cement supplies and affecting 29 US states.
"It's hurting us, no question," says Mr. Feltz, vice president of production for Anderson Concrete, a leading Central Ohio concrete firm. "The Chinese are building dams and roads and Olympic venues, so they are using more cement than they make." The extra demand is driving up the prices for the rest of the world, he says, so "here in Columbus, Ohio, a significant portion of that is coming out of our pockets."
Feltz says his company's profits may drop more than 10 to 15 percent this year, even though they try to pass extra costs - as much as 25 percent - to their customers. So far, he hasn't had to turn any customers away. From Connecticut to Florida, Texas to Michigan, and across the Southwest, shortages have become so severe that construction is being halted or slowed, leaving a growing number of roads, stadiums, and patios unfinished. The countrywide shortage of cement - the crushed limestone, calcium, and silicon powder used to bind concrete - could leave a significant pothole in the US economy.
"It's a very big deal," says Ryan Puckett, spokesman for the Portland Cement Association (PCA), a trade group that represents cement companies in the United States and Canada. The US has long imported about 25 percent of its cement, he says, much of which comes from China. With major Chinese construction projects moving ahead - from rural dams to urban skyscrapers - a fourth of the world's population is now using far more than it exports.
The worldwide shortage began to be felt across Asia first, then hit the shores of Florida last year. Since the US construction season began last spring, shortages have been declared in 29 states. Even though 114 US-based mills are running at 100 percent capacity seven days a week, they aren't keeping pace with demand. For companies who use the cement to mix the concrete they sell to customers, that means scheduling problems, layoffs, fewer profits, and concerns about the future.
"It's impacting customers, employees, company profits, and building projects all over the US," says Puckett. Delays and canceled projects are reported from retirement condo projects in Florida to housing developments in Phoenix to casino building in Las Vegas. "Everywhere there is construction, there are cement customers lined up without enough supply to keep them happy," he says.
The limited number of barges and shipping lines to bring the imported cement to US shores is adding to the problem. The demand for rebuilding in Iraq, and building projects from Hong Kong to Singapore, have significantly diverted supply ships to those countries. The supplies that are making it to US ports have been bottlenecked by transportation woes, observers say.
"One of the major issues [we] have faced this year is significant delays with the Union Pacific's system," says Lance Latham, spokesman for Ash Grove Cement Company, the fifth-largest cement manufacturer in the US, which recently announced plans to build a $250 million plant about 40 miles north of Las Vegas. "With one half of the world cement supply tied up in China, it's been difficult for the California producers to supply southern Nevada. [Union Pacific] Railroad didn't anticipate the economic growth occurring across the country and was caught shorthanded."
Mr. Latham and others say the current shortage is exposing both the shipping and US production limitations as problems that need to be addressed by public policymakers before the US economy is more deeply affected. The building of the Ash Grove plant will help alleviate a 23-million-ton gap between domestic production and consumption, but it won't be online until 2007 or 2008. The PCA estimates that a total of only 15 million tons of extra US capacity has been planned before 2010.
Some construction companies have already planned for shortages until 2005. Although raw materials needed for cement are not in short supply, both the cost and the regulations surrounding the construction of new mills to mix the cement are significant hurdles, observers say.
"The permitting process can take years because of regulations and the fact that many communities don't want a mill in their backyard," says Anderson's Feltz.
To help alleviate the problem, some contracting and homebuilding associations are pressuring the federal government to temporarily lift a ban on cement imported from Mexico. Such tariffs - now at 40 percent but recently as high as 80 percent - began 14 years ago amid US accusations that Mexico was unfairly competing with US companies by selling below cost.
Until demand abroad abates, shipping improves, or America ramps up production to alleviate dependency on foreign sources, continued shortages here are expected to sock smaller consumers and slow the US housing market - both by delays and higher prices. Completion time for a home in some key markets has increased about two months (now eight to 10 months) as cement prices have jumped home costs by $5,000 to $7,000.
"What is problematic is the unknown," says Feltz. "We make a long-term contract with someone for a given price and then, unforeseen by us, our cement prices go up. That leaves us taking the hit."
A soap bubble is a ball made of a thin film of soap dissolved in water. Soap bubbles are ephemeral, lasting a short time before bursting. There are also bubbles in the economy, classes of assets whose prices inflate like air in an expanding balloon and then collapse.
The expansion of asset-price bubbles is unsustainable, as the prices rise above what is warranted by normal returns and demands. The asset prices crash. A recent bubble was the technology boom of the late 1990s, when Internet and other stocks rose to levels that could not be justified from the likely profits of the firms.
The most important bubble in the economy is that of real estate. There has been a real estate cycle with a duration of 18 years since the early 1800s. Real estate booms have often become a bubble. It happened during the 1920s in the US, especially in Florida. It happened in Japan during the 1980s. And it is happening again now in the US.
The last bottom of the real estate cycle in the US was in 1990, when there was a recession. Real estate prices have been rising since then, and were not at all deterred by the downturn of 2001. Real estate speculation has carried real estate prices in some parts of the US, such as California, to heights that cannot be sustained when interest rates rise as the Federal Reserve reverses its low-interest policy. Another crash is coming.
Henry George, the American economist and social reformer of the latter 1800s, originated one of the first theories of business cycles. The basic cause, he said, was land speculation. During an economic boom, at first, a growing demand for real estate is met by reducing vacancies. But then new real estate is constructed, and rent and land values rise. Speculators notice this and buy land expecting to sell at higher prices later. This speculative demand, added to the demand for use, carries land prices so high that investments in enterprise become unprofitable. Land becomes priced for expected future uses, rather than present-day uses.
The fall in new investments then reduces demands for labor and goods, which then reduces other demands, and the whole economy falls into a recession and then a depression. Faced with rising vacancies, real estate prices collapse, bankruptcies rise, loans default, banks fail, and then the cycle begins anew. This theory of the business cycle was original with George and not part of the previous classical school thought. Georgist theory, which I coined as 'geoclassical' for emphasizing land, was a major advance in classical thought.
Even though a third of investment is related to real estate, the real estate cycle is ignored in neoclassical business-cycle theory. Mainstream economic doctrine tells us that unexpected shocks create the fluctuations in the economy. But the regularity of the major business cycle cannot be explained by random shocks. Neoclassical economic fails to explain the trade cycle.
The Austrian school of economic thought has its own theory of the business cycle, which does pay attention to real estate. In the Austrian theory, an injection of money into the banking system artificially reduces interest rates, as indeed has been happening in the US in recent years with the Fed increasing the money supply by 25 percent since 2001. With rates so low, borrowing for long-term slow-maturing investments - such as real estate construction and purchase - becomes profitable.
The money expansion is unsustainable; monetary inflation causes price inflation. As prices and interest rates rise, many of these projects become unprofitable. Austrian economists call them 'malinvestments,' investments that looked promising when interest rates and other prices were lower, but are not profitable when the price distortion caused by the money expansion reverses. The reduction and abandonment of investment projects leads to a depression.
The Austrian and the Georgist explanations are complementary. The Austrian half emphasizes the role of money and interest rates, and the geoclassical half emphasizes the importance of land and the role of land speculation. A geo-Austrian synthesis creates a powerful business-cycle theory that is consistent with history and goes a long way in explaining major business cycles.
The article 'This Inflated House' by Mark Thornton in the August 2004 Free Market journal, published by the Ludwig von Mises Institute, illustrates the Austrian-school attention to real estate. Thornton notes the widespread practice of extracting equity from real estate as owners have refinanced at lower interest rates. As recognized by the Austrian school, monetary inflation often does not at first lead to rising prices in consumer goods. The injection of money often first goes into investments, commodities, and land purchases.
As Thornton explains, 'the cause of higher home prices is that the Federal Reserve has kept interest rates, and thus mortgage rates, at historically low rates so that people find it easier to finance homes.' Real estate is bought mostly with borrowed money, and lower interest rates keep the financing cost, the monthly payments, low, even as real estate prices rise. Banking practices contribute to the bubble as they make interest-only loans with no money down. Lending standards typically relax as the bubble approaches its peak.
But the collateral of land value is an illusion. Land has no cost of production, and its price can fall to zero. But why should the banker worry? The bank deposits are insured by the federal government! If the bank fails, the government will bail out the depositors. This encourages more risky loans, which provide temporary profits and perhaps more stock options and bonuses for the banking executives.
Also, home loans can be sold in the secondary market facilitated by agencies which were established by the federal government. As Thornton tells it, 'The Federal Reserve and the Mac-May family (Freddie, Fannie, Sallie, etc.) have conspired to create a housing bubble in the US.' It's not a secret conspiracy but simply all these agencies breathing together to blow up the housing balloon that eventually has to burst.
Thornton says that it 'is difficult to predict how long bubbles will last,' but the geoclassical half of the geo-Austrian theory does provide an indication. Historically, the real-estate cycle has had a duration of 18 years, aside from the interruption of World War II. That puts the next real estate bottom around 2008. If past patterns continue, and so far they are right on schedule, we can expect the next recession to take place towards the end of this decade. With all the distortions caused by monetary policy and real-estate speculation and lax bank lending, the recession could be a major crash and the worst depression since the 1930s, an 'economic nightmare,' as Thornton calls it. And that nightmare does not even take into account the threat of terrorist attacks or the effects of continuing war and a possible oil crisis.
What is clear is that the tragedy and madness of the business cycle is not a natural outcome of a nonexistent free market, but caused by foolish government policy. Two remedies are essential: free banking and the public collection of land rent. Free-market banking would eliminate the monopolization of money and manipulation of interest rates by central banks such as the Federal Reserve, and leave money expansion to a competitive market of private banks. The elimination of taxes on income, sales, and produced wealth, replaced by tapping land rent for public revenue, would take the profit out of market-hampering land speculation fueled by tax-funded public works along with monetary inflation. Both reforms are necessary in order to completely eliminate the business cycle and the agony of business failures and idled workers.
But both reforms are ignored and disparaged by mainstream economics, so they are not enacted or even talked about. At least those who understand geo-Austrian theory will be warned in advance and can arrange their affairs to minimize the losses that others will suffer from.
Central bankers in Australia, Britain, and the U.S. have voiced concerns about rising home prices. Economists from Goldman, Sachs & Co. have now determined how overvalued those prices are. But a drop in home values in those markets could help the global economy.
Real home prices in the three nations were undervalued in the mid-1990s but then soared -- thanks to better fundamentals, such as demographics, rising incomes, low real and nominal interest rates, and the health of the nations' economies. The boost to consumers' wealth helped to lift demand.
The Goldman report calculates current home prices in the U.S., Britain, and Australia are overvalued by 10%, 15%, and 29%, respectively. A key reason for the runup was that, as mortgage rates fell, buyers could bid up prices without seeing any significant uptick in their monthly payments.
Now rates are rising, and history shows home prices adjust downward -- often by too much, cutting into consumer demand. If long rates rise one percentage point and prices overshoot, the Goldman paper says the drag on U.S. spending would be 2.4%, British demand would slow 1.9%, and Aussie purchases could slip by 3.1%.
On the plus side, notes the study, softer demand would help to rebalance the global economy away from excessive consumer spending, especially in the U.S. But there is a risk that demand could weaken too much at a time when some policymakers may not be able to offset the drag. The U.S. has little ammo left from fiscal or monetary policy. Britain could cut interest rates, but its fiscal budget is in the red. Only Australia has great flexibility because it enjoys an almost-balanced budget and nearly neutral monetary policy.
Bear in mind that soaring home prices are no longer an Anglo trend. The study notes Spain, France, Italy, the Netherlands, and Ireland have all seen big gains in home prices. Even in Japan, where real estate collapsed in the 1990s, prices have stabilized.
Clearly, though, the U.S., Britain, or Australia will first face the challenge of allowing home prices to adjust without disrupting the overall economy. Their successes -- or failures -- will offer guidance for other policymakers around the globe.
There's a debate raging among U.S. economists as to whether the rapid run-up in housing prices in many markets across the country constitutes an investment bubble that could soon burst, with long-range repercussions on builders' ability to sell new homes at prices that cover costs and allow for an adequate profit margin. Here's a capsule look at both sides.
Pro-bubble: HSBC Securities economist Ian Morris recently published a 47-page analysis, "The U.S. Housing Bubble: The case for a home-brewed hangover," that argues expectations of future house price appreciation now are "spectacularly and unrealistically high," a reflection of the longest and strongest real house price boom in more than five decades. "Perceived risk of buying a house has dropped to all-time lows," Morris writes, "despite leverage at all-time highs."
House prices relative to income, rent, replacement cost and home equity have set new records, Morris writes. "Twenty states that account for half the population look shaky...all the more risky given housing supply has surged, with the vacancy rate at its highest in over 40 years."
U.S. house prices are "bubbly," Morris contends: "Prices are 10 percent to 20 percent too high and can overshoot on the way down...If the Fed is in tightening mode, the day of reckoning tends to come sooner. We think the party stops by mid-2005."
Anti-bubble: A recent report, "Are Home Prices the Next Bubble?" by Jonathan McCarthy, senior economist, and Richard Peach, vice president, of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, concludes there's no imminent danger of a collapse in housing prices that would harm the U.S. economy.
They find "very little evidence" of a national home price bubble. "Rather," writes McCarthy, "it appears home prices have risen in line with increases in personal income and declines in nominal interest rates. Moreover, expectations of rapid price appreciation do not appear to be a major factor behind the strong hot market." The report is available online at www.newyorkfed.org/research/epr/forthcoming/mccarthy.html.
Counterpoint: However, says economist Raymond Sabat of EconomicBriefing.com, the two Federal Reserve economists made "a glaring error" by failing to "consider past declining interest rates as a cause of the bubble." McCarthy and Peach ignore "the structural components of the current housing finance market that will make any price decline even worse,'" Sabat writes. His analysis is online at www.economicbriefing.com/sabat/fedbubble.html.
Our take: Watch the number of pure investors (real estate speculators) in your market. Speculation creates artificial demand that can drive pricing bubbles. Housing markets are local, not national. Some markets may be bubbly. But it's hard to see prices falling precipitously across the country as long as job creation and underlying demand remain strong.
The enduring strength of the housing market is confounding the conventional wisdom and may keep doing so for quite a while
So much for the housing bubble. As overheated as the real estate market may seem in certain parts of the country, it has thus far defied expectations of slowing down on a national level, let alone popping like a balloon. Most measures of housing activity -- from average sale prices to existing home sales to new residential construction -- are at or near record levels, even as mortgage rates have ticked up.
In June some housing data, along with a slew of other indicators, showed signs of slowing. But the Aug. 17 report on July housing starts pretty much dispensed with concern for the time being. They jumped 8.3% in the month, more than making up for June's 7.7% drop, according to the Commerce Dept. Residential units are being constructed at an annual pace that remains near a 2 million clip, just a slight dip from the record 2.067 million annual rate of December, 2003.
"It is now clear that the June drop in starts was an aberration," concludes research firm ActionEconomics. Mike Englund, its chief economist, now expects July figures on new and existing home sales, due out later in August, to be strong as well.
"FAVORABLE FACTORS." Despite a flattening in prices at the highest levels in the past year, the median home price has also kept climbing. On July 26 the National Association of Realtors (NAR) reported that the median sale price of a single-family home rose to a record $191,800 in June, 10% higher than the prior year. And on Aug. 9 the NAR upped its forecast for 2004 home sales to a record 6.45 million, up from 6.1 million in 2003.
"The bottom line is that mortgage interest rates have been lower than expected, the economy is improving, and jobs are being created in an environment of strong housing demand -- all favorable factors for record home sales," said NAR Chief Economist David Lereah in the release.
Earlier in the year the expectation was that mortgage rates would rise sharply in 2004, but that hasn't been the case. Even though 30-year loans are likely to average about 6.1% in 2004, up from 5.8% in 2003, that's still very low by historical standards. And home buyers who can't afford those rates have been able to jump into adjustable mortgages. Some housing experts believe rates would have to rise above 8% for the housing market to stumble.
RENTAL WARNING. On the supply side, homes available for sale nationwide remain at a record low inventory of just 4.1 months, according to the NAR. "Until the supply goes up, the increase in price is rational," says Prakash Dheeriya, a finance professor at California State University at Dominguez Hills, who's studying the Southern California real estate market.
Many bubble theorists worry that a flood of new homes will come up for sale at the first sign of weakness in home prices, crushing the market. But Dheeriya says his research shows prices won't drop suddenly even if mortgage rates climb, primarily because sellers who were trying to get out at the top of the market have already done so. "I don't think there can be a sudden onslaught of supply," he says.
That doesn't mean the housing market couldn't slow from here -- or that prices can't fall in some select areas. Dean Baker, co-director of the Center for Economic & Policy Research, points to a glut in rental housing, especially in some overheated markets like Seattle and San Francisco. If rental rates remain flat or decline while prices for comparable homes continue to rise, that will take the air out of the housing market.
"Eventually people will start saying that it's foolish to buy a home when you could rent instead," he says. He also thinks mortgage rates will rise in the next year to levels that will preclude many families from trading up to a bigger home.
GRADUAL COOLING? Mike Sklarz, chief valuation officer at Fidelity National Information Solutions, which provides real estate pricing tools to lenders, already sees some subtle signs of slowing -- such as a leveling off in home prices above $500,000 in many markets. He's hearing a lot more anecodotes of "for sale" signs going up in pricey neighborhoods, signaling that not enough affluent buyers may be available for all the high-end homes being built. "Overall, however, inventories are still at incredibly low levels, and this is not the kind of thing that can turn on a dime," says Sklarz.
The best hope of many economists is that the housing market will gradually cool down, preventing too many mini-bubbles from building up in overheated real estate markets around the country. In that sense, a few years of slower home-price appreciation would be welcome. But with supplies tight, and plenty of buyers able to afford homes, that's not even beginning to happen yet.
Clossing Bell 14 September 2016 This content is available for membership only. Get Premium Access. ITS FREE!!
Pic Description: I believe this is a Helophilus but not sure which one. Please can someone verify? Thanks!
Recently I ordered some laser toner reactive foil. It's metallic foil that will adhere to the toner on laser prints when it's heated and pressed. Or maybe it's not truly foil. I showed this experiment to my packaging-engineer husband who told me it was probably "metalized film" and blah blah blah "metal vapor deposition" blah blah, but "don't quote me on that." No problem; I didn't understand a word he said anyhow.
For best results, you're supposed to print a black and white laser image, then run the print and the foil through a hot laminator. But I don't have a laminator. The Designer Co-op suggested it's possible to use a household iron— an irresistibly tantalizing thought.
So I printed some designs I made, then practiced ironing on the foil. After some dismal early results, I gradually got the hang of it. I managed to produce one absolutely perfect transfer, and several towards the end were acceptable too, with only a couple small specks where the foil didn't adhere. I'm pretending these are vintage seals with an intentionally distressed look. It's a style choice. (Designers are taught in school to rationalize everything.)
I laid a piece of corrugated cardboard on my dining table, and then a smooth piece of chipboard on top of that. Don't use an ironing board; it's too squishy. You'll need a hard surface like a table or floor, especially one that you would be very sad to ruin. It adds to the excitement.
I placed the laser print on top of the chipboard, printed side up, then covered the printed area with a piece of foil cut slightly larger than the design. The shiny side faces up.
After experimenting, the best setting for my iron was #2 for nylon. A too-hot iron will cause the foil to shrivel up like a piece of peeled sunburn. See that chunk on the right in the picture above? Bad. No color will stick to the paper. I found that a lower setting worked better. Make sure the iron's steam is turned off, too.
Starting at one edge, move the iron steadily across the foil at a moderately slow speed, pressing really hard. Make just one pass.
I'd added some vertical lines as a background in the design above, but decided I liked the seal better by itself.
Here's a transfer that's not too bad. You can see just a few black specks where the foil didn't stick. Click to view images larger.
If you don't have design software, no worries. Even simple text printed in an interesting typeface would look cool in foil. It's lots of fun!
Update: I've discovered foil sticks better to coated paper than uncoated. And even better than an iron, I found a laser printer works pretty well to adhere the foil. See this post!
So in the picture where you are peeling away the foil, do those lines just shake off, or was that another finished object that isn't shown? that is a stupid cool project!
Did you try to iron on a dishtowel placed upon your design? That way you can use a hotter iron without burning/shrinking the foil.
I did try it with a sheet of paper over the design and a hotter iron—a dish towel wouldn't be smooth enough, I don't think—but the best results were obtained without any cover over the design. The goal is to get the iron to the right temperature. Hotter isn't necessarily better, I found.
I'm very intrigued if I can buy those foils in Germany. I learned that they are used for model making originally.
Love that you posted this. I think I saw the same tutorial you did possibly that was on pinterest. I too ordered the foil and have some shiny gold, copper (love it), red, and satin silver to play with.
I went the laminator route since i have an abundance of office depot rewards and figured, why not by a laminator?
I have only tried one thing since i only had one laser printed scrap sitting around and work has been crazy busy. The print i used was kind of spotty on it's own since i had run some 120 DTC though the laser printer, it didn't like it. The foil adhered good and was only spotty because the print was spotty. I need to lay down some heavy toner and see how it does.
You are clearly blessed with an abundance of patience that the sadly I am not. These are beautiful (stylized or perfect) but I'll leave further attempts in your more than capable hands! :0)
I totally used to use this foil method for mock-ups at my old job! Wow - you just brought back tons of memories. My art director hated it because she said the chemicals released when we ironed the foil with the wand were harmful. O_O It was an ancient wand too that used to shut off and we would have to bang it on the table to get it to work again. LOL. Anyhoo - the cards look great considering. That foil IS very tricky and tough to use. The print has to be FRESH from the printer. The fresher the print, the better the adhesion. Just FYI. =)
Memories for me too when I was a graphic design student back in the late 80s and early 90s. The machine used for heating the foils onto the design was called an omnicrom. Blast from the past!
Neat-o! I'd love to try this for Christmas cards, if it's not too time-intensive. Two questions: 1, how "stuck on" is the foil after application (does it rub off) and 2, do you think it would work on colored cardstock?
At my university in the late 90s, we didn't get to use stuff like this. I missed out! Just the name "omnicrom" pleases me. Also, the fact that there's something called a magnetron in my microwave oven makes me happy.
Emily, it's super stuck-on. This stuff won't rub or flake off. It definitely works on colored cardstock. I ran black cardstock through my laser printer to make some black cards. I figured the same amount of toner was on there, even if I couldn't see it very well, and it worked great.
Probably the smoother your cardstock, the better, so that both the toner and the foil will stick well.
It takes less than a minute to iron the foil on, so you can produce these lightning fast. Plan on some rejects, since not every print will be great, but you should end up with a bunch of keepers.
Might want to change that to "cardstock" for people like me who only skim the description and are easily confused in the instructions.
Hi, this looks great. Would it not work properly with an Inkjet printer? We don't have a laser printer but I'd love to try this.
Arrie Bee, I meant that I placed my laser printout on top of my stacked cardboard on the table (corrugated and chipboard). Just changed the post to read "chipboard" to make it more precise. Hope that helps!
Will this work with regular tin foil or will it only work with the specific type of foil that you bought?
Regular tin foil won't work. You need the special coating that's on the back of this foil, which reacts to the plastic in toner when heat and pressure are applied.
We use this stuff for certificates at work, its so fun! We've found that if you run it back through the laser printer as a blank print on card stock (I usually set up a layer of big white block) your fuser will heat the foil enough to adhere it to the toner! You just have to make sure you use repositionable tape to tape off the edges of the foil. I had no patience for the iron :-)
Wow! thats something new to me. Your tutorial is excellent, I have to try this. This may make some really cool greeting cards for Diwali.
I can not wait to try this. Now I'm not going to be able to sleep. So many possibilities! Thank you.
What a nostalgic post this is for me -- reminded me of the old Color Tag transfer system. Came with its own little heating element.
I, too, used Omnicrom color and foil sheets in college for comps, ahem, 20+ years ago, before there were desktop color printers. I still have some sheets stashed away for a rainy day! I can't believe they still make this stuff!
Wow! Brings back memories. I have a kit in the basement somewhere that I used to use to do mockups. Now you've got me interested in pulling it out and playing with it again. It had a heat thing that came with it. The foil was in strips. Anyway, now something else to add to my list. Thanks!!
I am still experimenting but right now my prints are coming out almost tiger striped. Like my ink coverage is uneven and it isn’t adhering as well. I did make the prints at around 1:00 and didn’t run them with the foil until 6, so maybe it really does need a fresh print. My printer is at work and my laminator is at home right now… I also did a double pass through the laminator, which didn’t change anything. So I will be trying to figure out what my problem is.
I used a piece of thin chipboard with one of mine, and i also ran one with just the paper and no carrier sheet. They came out the same. So if your paper is thick enough. No carrier needed (hopefully the heat through the backside is not causing my adhesion problems). I also just cut out the foil big enough to cover my image and used painters tap to tape it to the paper flat and ran it. no folding over the edge, less waste, etc.
Double pass on the camera . it actually held the halftone nicely, the adhesion problems make the halftone look bad. Also the gold on the green just was a bad choice. i thought it would look good, it was super hard to see.
I did it with clothing iron before too but it didn't go so well. I hate seeing those black toner showing up the foil... it's never been so perfect with an iron instead of a laminator.
Reading the comment of the person who has had varying results, strangely, the type of laser printer you use might affect it.
An artist friend of mine does beautiful work transferring laser-printed artwork to polymer clay. He tried many laser printers and found one that consistently produces the best results. It doesn't seem to matter how long passes in between the printout and the transfer (we've worked together with printouts many months old), it only matters that it's the right laser printer.
I'm not sure what a craft or quilter's iron is, or how it differs from a regular sewing iron like I used.
I asked the manufacturer about running the foil back through the laser printer like Joe, Christina, etc. said. It sounds like it's pretty tough to pull off.
"Due to the static charges in all laser printers, it's VERY difficult to prevent wrinkles. This is why we stretch the foil over the paper when using the iron.
Calibrating the iron is really necessary to prevent the "mess of wrinkles" as you're generally getting too hot without enough pressure when you see that. Pressure is KING when using these foils (which is why the Laminator works so well as it applies hundreds of PSI as it passes through)."
The manufacturer suggests stretching the foil tightly over the image and taping it down before ironing, which I still need to try.
Josh, my guess is that the problem isn't with your toner, but that the foil is wrinkling and somehow needs to be stretched more taut when it goes through the laminator.
There is also this tip about modifying a laminator to slow it down. The manufacturer wrote me in an earlier email:
"The laminator technique of fusing the foils is a slam-dunk perfect way to transfer these foils. GBC H-220 is the lowest price unit - no other brands!!! Search on the web for "GBC H-220 Laminator". You should be able to find a really good price online. If you go that route, you need to make one very simple mod to it. Only takes 5 minutes to do (it slows down the rollers). See: http://www.pulsarprofx.com/special/H-220
I had talked to him about the laminator as well. I had purchased the 320 because I wanted to be able to go bigger then letter size.
unfortunately you can't modify the 320 in the same way. I took most of it apart 20 min after it was delivered and it just can't be done. i debated exchanging it for the 220, but i still wanted the ability to do bigger sheets. So I am trying to figure that out still.
I really hope it works out and you get it down to a science! I'm going to play with my iron some more before I venture into laminator land. But I may join you there.
exchanging my laminator for a replacement to see if it helps. It is definetly the laminator though. still tiger striping, and now I have a roller mark.
I put similar items through in 2 different orientations, so i can rule out my toner since it was consistent with the direction of it going through the laminator.
Hoping a replacement will fix it. I really want this to work. I had BIG plans. I am going to try the iron at some point but for one idea it requires little areas but all over a larger area, which would be horrible to iron it all.
might have to go back to a wintergreen oil transfer for now. or i could just output through the laser on nicer paper, but it still looks so cheap.
Josh, sorry to hear about your troubles! I'm dying to see what your project is once you've got it perfected!
"You'll need a hard surface like a table or floor, especially one that you would be very sad to ruin. It adds to the excitement." I've never laughed out loud at a tutorial before. Hoo boy.
The original tutorial linked to shows re-heating the toner with a heat gun or a hair dryer. If you're laser printer isn't in your home, you may be able to warm the toner back up again before trying to apply the foil with a hair dryer when you get home before attempting the foil+iron or using the foil+laminator. Just a thought!
Hi, how did you transfer to the dark paper? I'm really itching to try this, but I thought it had to be printed with black ink...any help is appreciated!
I just put black paper in my printer and printed black on it. You can just barely see the printing enough to position the foil on top and then iron it on. The foil will stick to just the black toner.
... but I'm also so frustrated that the shipping from that place to Canada costs more than the product itself. Anyone know where to get the foil in Canada?
I'm really digging this! I'm doing my wedding invitations myself so this could be something extra to think of! Thanks for the tutorial!!
I've tried this method however I get specks of foil on the nonprinted (white) parts of the paper too. It leaves behind a residue of foil color
That's weird! Are you sure there's no toner residue on the paper that the foil is sticking to? It should stick to paper by itself, without toner to cling to. Have you tried different paper?
Hi! I randomly found this blog post that I don't believe credits your original post. Do you know about this?
Can you comment on the type of paper or brand of paper you have used? Also can you comment on the printer and or print settings used on all your successful runs? Thanks and cool stuff!
I don't have the labels from the cardstock I used, but the best ones were dull/matte coated text or cover weight. My printer is a Brother BW laser printer. I didn't use any special print settings; just hit "print" from Adobe Illustrator and out it came.
I bought the sample pack you linked to (it might have been in the second post about using the printer a second time instead of the iron). Anyways, have you tried out all of the foils in the sample pack? I'm interested in the silvery one that is supposed to go under your printing. I'm slightly confused how to make that one work and would love any tips you have.
I recently bought the supplies to do this. I don't however have a laser printer, so I had them printed on a copier. I know it shouldn't really make a difference but I'm wondering.
When I did my first run, they all looked gorgeous, but just a day or two later, all the foil is flaking away. Would you have any idea why? or how to fix it? I have scoured the internet and can't seem to find an answer :(
I wish I knew! I haven't had that problem. My foil is still stuck on for life. All I can think of is it's something with the formulation of the copy machine's toner. Based on comments I've read on my different posts on this project, it does seem like the type of toner matters.
Your conversations with your husband crack me up! Blah blah blah. 😂 Thanks for sharing, I'm inspired!
I have tried this so many times and still getting the tiger effect as mentioned above as the foil is creasing. I have tried a laminator, iron, clothes press after originally printing with a colour laser machine which I was told was incorrect because the toner is different and won't melt like carbon toner (mono black print printers). However I am now thinking that it's either how hot, what pressure and if you stretch the foil over the image all have some sort effect on the out come. I just want a perfect foil image without any creasing or tiger effect can anyone shed light and has anyone achieved this???? Thank you :)
I just tried this and had the same issue with missing flecks...then I remembered I own a ski wax iron (cheap to get compared to a lamination machine). It doesn't have holes for steam in the bottom and doesn't get as hot. But, most importantly, they don't ever shift temperatures like a home iron does. It was perfect! So, I guess the key is the make sure you move the iron enough to not let the holes interfere and use a lower temp...very cool tutorial, thanks!
Thanks for the post, I'm making my own wedding invites and running the foil just over our names. I am getting the invites at a print store then bringing home to run the foil through the laminator. I am using linen paper which I think may be my problem cause the foil is sticking a bit blotchy. Do your white cards just look black when you look at them straight then when you change the angle you can see the shine? My text just looks black until you turn the card on an angle for the light to catch it, a rather large angle. Also, I was first trialling with silver but would like to use rose gold or copper, did you notice a difference in look (ie more shiny) with the other colours? Appreciate your advice!
It's been a couple years since I worked with this stuff, but I would guess that linen paper is not well suited to this project. The toothy texture means the toner and foil will have a hard time getting into all the little recessed nooks and crannies to stick properly. Plus it's probably uncoated paper, which doesn't seem to work as well. I haven't tried silver foil so can't comment on the look or shine of that color!
Putin says Islamic State has seized 700 hostages in Syria - Reuters.... : World - Google News - howlDb
SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Islamic State militants had seized nearly 700 hostages in part of Syria controlled by U.S.-backed forces and had executed some of them and promised to kill more. Russian President ...
Vladimir Putin Claimed ISIS Has Taken 700 Hostages in Syria, Including Americans—The Pentagon Says That's ...Newsweek
Vladimir Putin claims Islamic State seized almost 700 hostages in US-controlled Syrian territory9news.com.au
I was at the white house. I had a female friend with me. She had dark hair. We were walking down a wide hall. There was a guy walking toward us, it was ‘Jay’ from Madam Secretary. I wanted him to like me, but he liked my friend and I was more interested in the President of the United States, so that was ok.
I wanted to be remembered for something, so I went up to where he was sitting and massaged his shoulders. There was a place that was painful in his right side, he was surprised it was there. I asked if he liked the massage, he shrugged and said yes.
It was time to leave, although none of us wanted too, President Trump had to get to work. The gal friend had on at this point, a maroon coat and maroon, knitted slouch hat. ‘Jay’ had on a very dark green, knitted, slouch hat. It was winter outside.
We all were walking down a wide hallway, we were laughing, the President would smile every so often. I asked President Trump for something from the White House, like a match book or something, so people would know that I had been there. He kept walking, not saying anything. He went down the staircase. It was wide. We all went with him.
PT knew I was afraid to fly (with the Lord) and he was trying to get my mind off of it, so we took us to this room where all this really fancy chocolate candy and snacks were. Off to the right, was an oldtime popcorn machine stand, with all different kinds of popcorn and flavors. I knew I couldn’t eat popcorn (digestion), so I went to the little room on the left. It was filled with the finest chocolates in the world and other candy & drinks, hot & cold. I went straight to the chocolates. I started putting handfuls upon handfuls in my purse.
Even though I knew I shouldn’t have sugar. I still did it anyway. And then after I filled up my purse with it, I looked at it and I thought, “I can’t even eat all that”, that I need to take it out. But before I could take it out, President Trump got us all together, he was trying to get us out. I was trying to take a selfie with him and get him to laugh. He was so tall. He was talking to my girlfriend and the guy, and I wanted to get his face turned toward me, so finally I did. And I took the picture. And then I said something or did something, my girlfriend and Jay were laughing & acting silly. Then PT started laughing at what they were doing, instead of being so straight-laced and uptight, he started laughing, and then he started laughing with me and he really loosened up. And then that’s when I got the selfie with him. It was him, bent over toward me, laughing with me.
I asked him if he would say something in public about me the next time he was in public, so people would know that I’d had been there. I wasn’t sure he had heard me, but I knew he had heard me. ( Wasn’t acknowledged)
When I was home I heard on the radio President Trump said “Janine has faith!”. I thought it would be on TV or a press conference. It was on the RADIO of all places!
I thought it was odd but that’s what he said and that’s where he said it. And I wondered how did he know I had faith? And why did he say that?
5-5-17 when we have faith in Jesus, faith in His power, faith the power is for us-me, when we believe, receive, take for ours, when we give to Jesus praise and worship – knowing the Power is FOR us, we are healed.
Many thanks for the clarity in this article! Total rookie in this article, I had been pondering whenever you’re getting started being a bitcoin exchanger (eg. on LocalBitcoin) do you purchase your bitcoins low cost from another seller on LocalBitcoins, or do you purchase your bitcoins from one of the exterior bitcoin exchanges/marketplaces?
Commonly This can be only accessible for working day traders as all your trades will likely be closed at the conclusion of the day, but it really can indicate reduced charges than using an exchange and you get instantaneous entry to one:10 leverage, whereas the leverage readily available about the exchanges listed above is dependent upon what other end users are presenting at the time.
Despite the fact that not exhaustive, they are a number of the preferred methods in which you can receive money on the internet. As famous at the outset, there is not any these types of detail as absolutely free Bitcoin and anything must be specified in return, regardless of whether it’s time or know-how or the two.
"I've been hoping so tricky to be aware of what was so very easily discussed here. Thank you, beneficial wikipeople." KJ Kim Johnsen
It can be appealing to notice that a major bitcoin rally commenced suitable once the Silk Street shutdown, rather dispelling critics arguments that the Digital currency was primarily applied for a Device for facilitating drug trafficking. During the months pursuing the positioning’s closure, numerous big on the internet and offline companies begun accepting bitcoins.
The sum of money that may be made out of these campaigns differs with regards to the variety of good quality posts that you might make for a person that obtain the term rely minimums. Based on the campaign you could possibly make $50-a hundred for twenty-four hrs of labor, unique of your posts required to receive entire membership on the Discussion board.
There are plenty of legit crypto financial commitment organizations that pay back decent ROI that even pay out much more than mining. Some pay back a complete of approximately four hundred% of one's investment, which 2.four% of the entire if paid to you on a regular basis until you strike the full profit.
The volatility and the chance related with the Bitcoin lending market place means that it might be a sector only obtainable to extremely massive holders of Bitcoin, as a result of level of possibility along with the opportunity cost in implementing a mortgage if a little something goes Incorrect. Having said that, if dealt with accurately, You can find large opportunity market place During this post this sector.
This could become a unusual exception rather than the general rule nevertheless. There isn't any specific time of the working day wherever this limit starts – it’s on a 24 hour rolling foundation. It might be best to check in at 6am or 7am Jap Conventional Time tomorrow. Sorry for virtually any inconvenience this has caused you – We all know This may be frustrating. This is something we’re engaged on as we converse.’’
Wonderful post ! Investing bitcoin is often challenging however , you can make it get the job done when you invest plenty of time studying the market. Right here’s a link to a great internet site I found which has first rate info on the way to trade bitcoin.
Very well there’s no fixed reply on where to purchase really, and it'll modify after some time in accordance with the spread in different spots. Ideally you should check a variety of distinctive locations and buy from where ever you can get the most beneficial deal.
Considered one of bitcoin’s most notable characteristics is its about his perceived anonymity. While it provides very good privacy for its customers, Monero aims to become completely opaque. That feature has built it significantly well known within the dim World wide web, wherever bitcoin is now decidedly passe.
The incident marks the 2nd hack in Japan this calendar year, soon after Coincheck also described that a whopping $520 million in NEM tokens were being stolen by hackers in January.
Futures undoubtedly are a contract which supplies their purchaser the best to make a buy at a specific price, at a selected date Later on. They are often employed by people who possess lots of btc being a ‘hedge’ so they don’t lose as much if the value goes down, they usually can also be utilized by speculators as a way to make a profit by the right way predicting the whether or not the price of btc at a given date is going to be bigger or reduced than it is actually these days.
Changes in import duty rate for artificial flowers, articles of human hair, feather under Indian Budget
Central Excise Tax changes for artificial flowers, articles of human hair, feather under Indian Budget
Import tariff changes for artificial flowers, articles of human hair, feather under HS code 67 as per new Indian budget
Whether products sent by a taxable person to a job worker be treated as supply and will they be liable to GST?
Almost one million young people are not in education, employment or training and thousands are at risk of facing a lifetime of unemployment, according to The Prince’s Trust.
The charity is calling on the government to take action on the issue of long-term youth unemployment before the UK is confronted with a youth jobs crisis.
According to the figures from the Office for National Statistics, 115,000 18 to 24-year-olds have been out of work for more than two years.
Paul Brown, a director at The Prince's Trust, says long-tem unemployed young people require specialist help to get back into the world of work.
‘We believe those young people need and deserve long-term support, otherwise we think we're on the brink of a long-term, youth jobs crisis,’ he says.
‘I've seen time after time, even young people who've been out of work for many years, turn their life around. That has to be worth it for them and for the
According to Professor John van Reenan at the Centre for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics, changes to the welfare system in the mid-2000s may have contributed to a shift in focus away from tackling long-term youth unemployment.
Professor van Reenan also cites the education system as a factor contributing to youth unemployment, as he says it is not providing people with the right skills needed for all sections of the economy.
He also acknowledges that the banking crisis and recessions of recent years has made getting and keeping a job difficult.
A Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) spokesman says: ‘Youth unemployment isn't a new problem, but it's one we are absolutely determined to tackle, and through the Youth Contract we've hugely increased the number of work experience placements and apprenticeships to give young people the help they need to find a job.’
If you have been out of work for a long period of time, you might be considering self-employment as an alternative to employment.
If you have skills that would lend themselves to the contracting or freelancing market, we would be delighted to help you get started in your self-employed career.
We support self-employed workers with a range of tax planning, bookkeeping, RTI-compliant payroll and accountancy services. What's more we also offer free comprehensive insurance.
With Foremans, you can trust us to act in your best interest at all times. We can provide you with the reliable and unbiased advice you need to make an informed decision on how to go about your contracting business (i.e. whether you would like to trade as a limited company, under an Umbrella payroll company or as a sole trader). You will also be allocated your own highly knowledgeable Personal Advisor who will be there to ‘hold your hand’ throughout your contracting journey.
If you would like more information about our services, feel free to contact us online or call us on 01244 625 500.
its a engeenears forum of all about to develop and perform actions of mobiles, and all of the electronics....
Recorder is used to record user actions on the android app under test and send these actions to the bot-bot server. Bot-bot recorder integrates with the test application apk seamlessly and installs it into the comnected emulator or device.
Recording on Webviews are not supported by Bot-bot recorder. But Bot-bot runner supports click and assert text keywords on WebViews.
Planning a cycling holiday? In this section of our web site you will find friendly places to stay where cyclists are made welcome - and there's safe storage for your bike!
Browse through all the listings below or go straight to these towns in Wiltshire with Cyclist-friendly Hotels, B&Bs, Pubs etc..
Any places with Bargain Breaks or Special Offers are shown first followed by others in hourly changing random order.
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles, Wakeup call, Non-smoking (throughout), Ironing facilities, Internet access (wireless) in public areas, Baggage store,
The downstairs room is twin bedded with a wet room ensuite. The shower has grab rails and shower seat fitted in consultation with local disability access group. It is all on one level from the entrance and into breakfast room. (See access statement)
Amenities: Wakeup call, Restaurant, Non-smoking (throughout), Ironing facilities, Internet access (wireless) in public areas, Dry cleaning, BBQ/Picnic area, Bar,
Amenities: Fabulous Cellar Restaurant (Tues-Sat evenings), Lock-up facility for bicycles,Non-smoking (throughout),Lounge and bar,Ironing facilities,Internet access (wireless) in public areas,Baggage store,
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles; Restaurant; Non-smoking (throughout); Lounge; Ironing facilities; Internet access (wireless) in public areas;
SPECIAL NOTE re Dogs/Pets: If you are taking a dog/pet with you please mention this in the special requests box during the online booking process to alert the accommodation provider. They can then allocate a pet-friendly room to you or contact you to let you know if none are available for your dates of travel.
Amenities: Wedding services; Wakeup call; Room service; Restaurant; Non-smoking (throughout); Lounge; Ironing facilities; Internet access (wireless) in public areas; Bar;
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles; Wakeup call; Non-smoking (throughout); Lounge; Lift; Ironing facilities; Internet access (wireless) in public areas; DVD/Video/Games rental;
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles;Pool;Non-smoking (throughout);Ironing facilities;Internet access (wireless) in public areas;Airport/Train/Bus pick-up service;
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles Non-smoking (throughout)|Lounge|Ironing facilities|Internet access (wireless) in public areas|DVD/Video/Games rental|
We have parking available close to the entrance, this is fairly level and laid to gravel. We have a ground floor double room, with a private bathroom which has a flat walk in shower. There is a grab rail in the shower and a shower seat is available upon request. There is room beside the bed for a wheelchair, but not beside the toilet.
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles; Wakeup call; Room service; Restaurant; Porter service; Non-smoking (throughout); Lounge; Internet access (wireless) in public areas; Entertainment; Dry cleaning; Bar; Baggage store; 24-hour reception;
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles; Non-smoking (throughout); Lounge; Ironing facilities; Internet access (wireless) in public areas; BBQ/Picnic area; Children over 12 welcome;
In respect of guests with impaired mobility we can advise accordingly. Access from the tarmac driveway to the B&B entrance is a distance of 16m up a gentle slope with no steps at the side of the house along a path under the carport. All rooms are at ground floor level with just two internal locations where steps with handrails are situated, each set of steps has two risers with an overall height of 40cm. Further to this our en suite facilities are fitted with lever taps It is up to each individual to decide whether our home is within their capability.
Amenities: Wedding services, Restaurant, Non-smoking (throughout), Internet access (wireless) in public areas, Entertainment, Bar, Ironing facilities,
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles; Sauna; Non-smoking (throughout); Ironing facilities; Internet access (wireless) in public areas;
We have a downstairs bedroom, suitable for people with walking aids but unfortunately not wheelchairs, due to door lip and narrow doors. There is a large seated shower in that room. There is one step at the front door. Cars can be parked within 5 metres of the front door on a gravel drive.
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles, Wakeup call, Restaurant, Lounge, Internet access (wireless) in public areas, Internet access (high speed) in public areas, Bar
Here at the Foxham Inn we have Wheelchair access to our restaurant disabled toilet and baby changing facilities.
Amenities: Non-smoking (throughout), Lounge, Wakeup call, Ironing facilities, Internet access (wireless) in public areas, DVD/Video/Games rental, Lock-up facility for bicycles,
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles; Prayer mats; Non-smoking (throughout); Lounge; Lift; Ironing facilities; Internet access (wireless) in public areas; Bar; Baggage store;
Level access from car park : approx 11 yards/10 meters. No steps but heavy front door - ring door for assistance Lift access on ground floor. Disabled toilet on the ground floor with bars on each side. There three bedrooms with toilets adapted for people with wheelchairs and in those rooms, furniture can be moved so that a wheelchair fits beside the bed.
Amenities: Restaurant|Non-smoking (throughout)|Ironing facilities|Internet access (wireless) in public areas|Bar|
Amenities: Lock-up facility for bicycles, Wakeup call, Non-smoking (throughout), Ironing facilities, Internet access (wireless) in rooms , Tea and coffee making facilities in rooms
Friendly-Places.com is owned and operated by Patience Design Ltd (www.patience.co.uk), Registered in England & Wales. Reg No: 06129157. Reg Office: The Apex, 2 Sheriffs Orchard, Coventry, West Midlands CV1 3PP, UK
E-mail: We regret we cannot assist with booking enquiries - please contact the accommodation direct :: Site author: Friendly Places
Light, deep, well-drained soil which has not had compost or manure added recently (to avoid forked roots forming.)
Our Garden Planner can produce a personalised calendar of when to sow, plant and harvest for your area.
Slugs love young carrot seedlings so protect early started plants. Thin out when the seedlings are large enough to handle if they are too close (best done in damp evenings to prevent carrot fly). Cover with mesh or fleece to deter carrot fly. Weed carefully during early stages.
Can be harvested over a long period, although if left in ground over winter they may split attracting slugs.
Early planting can be done under cover in modules or under cloches outside. Continue sowing outside every few weeks for a continous supply.
Early sowings are easily attacked by slugs and snails, so may be best in containers. Thin out to give plenty of room for each plant to grow. In hot summer conditions lettuce can bolt (produce flower heads) and becomes tough and a little bitter.
Car Hood Paint Stand is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
La Verne Car Accident is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Meet And Greet Car Parking Gatwick South Terminal is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Antigonish, NS – StFX freshman quarterback Bailey Wasdal (Calgary, AB) showed he is ready for the AUS as he led his team to a 30-24 come-from-behind victory in overtime over the Acadia Axemen Friday night.
Wasdal punched in the game-winning touchdown on a one-yard carry to give the X-Men the victory in front of over 1000 enthusiastic fans in the newly renovated StFX Oland Stadium. The play came after the StFX defense shut down the Axemen's scoring attempt in overtime and Jarett Saumure (Timberlea, NS) missed a 35-yard field goal attempt.
When it was the X-Men's turn with the ball running back Jordan Socholotiuk (Waterford, ON) churned out yards for StFX on consecutive carries, earning three first downs to set up Wasdal's touchdown.
Wasdal had previously connected with Socholotiuk on the game-tying touchdown which came with under a minute to play in the game. The fifth year running back had a 20-yard gain to set up his own two-yard TD run two plays later.
The Axemen held leads of 3-1, 10-8 and 17-10 after each quarter before the X-Men reversed their fortune in the final frame.
The only scoring in the first quarter came off a single rouge point for the X-Men and a Saumure 21-yard field goal nine minutes into the quarter.
The Axemen took advantage of an X-Men fumble midway through the second quarter as they gained possession on the recovery at the X-Men's 39-yard line. After a couple of running plays to Dale Wright (Markham, ON), Acadia quarterback Hunter Guenard (Calgary, AB) handed off to Glodin Mulali (Moncton, NB) who ran the ball in for a nine-yard touchdown score.
The X-Men struggled to regroup on the ensuing drive as the Acadia defense came up big with a sack on Wasdal for a loss of 12 yards, leaving them pinned in their own end.
StFX mounted a drive late in the opening half and moved the ball quickly down the field, culminating in a touchdown by All-Canadian receiver Kaion Julien-Grant (Toronto, ON), his first of two touchdowns on the night. He hauled in an 18-yard pass from Wasdal with only eight seconds left on the clock.
They added to their lead with a 12-play, seven-minute drive to start the third quarter that resulted in a five-yard touchdown run by second year running back Wright, his first major of the 2018 season.
The only other scoring play of the quarter came with 1:24 left as the Axemen conceded a safety, holding onto a 17-10 lead after three quarters.
Julien-Grant's second touchdown came one minute into the fourth quarter on a highlight catch in the end zone, hauling in a 26-yard Wasdal pass in double coverage to knot the game at 17-17.
The Axemen replied on the very next drive with a couple of big plays to set up Wright for his second touchdown of the game. After a 48-yard kick return by Mulali and a 46-yard reception by Cordell Hastings (Calgary, AB), Wright caught a five-yard pass from Guenard to give the Axemen back their seven-point lead at 24-17 with 11 minutes left in the game.
Axemen defensive lineman Anderson Recker (Stillwater Lake, NS) had a key sack on Wasdal for a loss of 14 yards that stopped an X-Men drive midway through the fourth quarter.
The X-Men rookie quarterback remained calm under pressure, however, as he rallied the X-Men offense with under a minute to play and connected with Socholotiuk for the four-yard touchdown run to tie the game at 24-24 with only 40 seconds left on the game clock.
Wasdal himself had several key rushing plays throughout the game for the X-Men to gain key yardage, finishing with 52 yards on nine carries. In the air he was 21 for 32 with 200 yards. Julien-Grant was his favorite target with 10 receptions for 108 yards with two touchdowns.
Wright had a big running game for the Axemen with two major scores, tallying 144 yards on 25 carries. Hastings pulled in six catches for 113 yards and Guenard finished 10-22 with 147 total yards.
On the defensive side of the ball fifth year veteran defensive back Dylan Bell (Brockville, ON) came up with several key tackles and had 10.5 total on the night.
Axemen linebacker Bailey Feltmate (Moncton, NB) had seven tackles for the visitors while Brandon Johnston (Orilla, ON) added 6.5.
With the win the X-Men improve to 1-1 early in the AUS season as they head into a bye weekend. They will next see action at home on September 15th when they host Bishop's.
The Axemen (0-1) will look to even their record as they head to Lennoxville, Que. on September 8th to also kick-off against Bishop's.
Dear team please help me get an email to make a support ticket so that my credit risk funds can come back. I really hope that the credit risk funds can be returned so I can use them. Once again I ask for help from Zidisha Team.
Buddhist singles dating - do you want to learn how to flirt online dating is the best way to do it, become member on this dating site and start flirting with other members. Browse photo profiles & contact who are buddhist, religion on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join. Question dating, physical attraction, and the buddhist path (selfbuddhism) submitted 3 years ago by joseph1234567 i'm a lay buddhist - i meditate daily, adhere to the five precepts, and follow the 8 fold path. Welcome to meetmindful, the first online dating site to serve the mindful lifestyle if you are ready to meet other singles who value healthy living, personal development, sustainability, spirituality, yoga, meditation, self-awareness, authentic connections and more, you've come to the right place. Buddhist dating - if you are single and looking for a relationship, this site is your chance to find boyfriend, girlfriend or get married buddhist dating however, if you are beginner and want to check all singles in your area before making a firm commitment and a different kind of site would be best for you.
Buddhist dating site is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general and buddhist dating sites as a member of buddhist dating site, your profile will automatically be shown on related buddhist dating sites or to related users in the online connections network at no additional charge. Buddhist passions gives people who are part of the buddhist community a place to find one another you are welcome to use buddhist passions solely as a dating site, since it has all the major features found on mainstream dating sites (eg photo personals , groups , chat , webcam video , email, forums, etc. Buddhist approach to dating, buddhist love making, can buddhist date, how to date like a buddhist, buddhist relationships, my boyfriend is a buddhist, buddhism falling in love, missing someone buddhism.
Ive tried dharma dating and buddhistdatingcom but theres no one within my miles radius im willing to travel, due to gas prices matchcom seems to be the king of these online dating sites. Buddhist dating - find your beauty girlfriend or boyfriend sign on this dating site and get free romantic match meet interesting people and find online love buddhist dating there are arab couples walking hands in hands on street, at market, and other places in this beautiful country trust must be earned offline so the same should go twice. Buddhist chat city is a bit unique among the sites listed on this page, in that it has a focus on connecting buddhist singles via chat, although expected dating features are also available on the site.
Buddhist dating - use this dating site and become dating expert, chat with beautiful people or find the person of your soul online dating can help you find relationship. Buddhist dating is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general and buddhist dating sites as a member of buddhist dating, your profile will automatically be shown on related buddhist dating sites or to related users in the online connections network at no additional charge. Free buddhist chat rooms can provide you with the option to create friendships, to create love and form powerful spiritual connections with a woman you intend to develop a lasting relationship with.
Excavations at a buddhist pilgrimage site in nepal have uncovered a shrine dating to the sixth century bc. Rape crisis counselor training in new jersey rape is defined in most jurisdictions as rape crisis counselor buddhist dating sites training in new jersey sexual intercourse, or other forms of sexual buddhist dating site , committed by a perpetrator against a victim without their consent. Buddhist friends - visit the most popular and simplest online dating site to flirt, chart, or date with interesting people online, sign up for free buddhist friends a relationship takes ebook dating relationship, dating and sex advice and put it in the form that is most convenient for you.
Buddhist singles this is one of the main reasons why you want to be as specific as you can when you fill out your profile - as it will help match you with more compatible singles if you are not happy with the security features of free dating sites, it is best to take the adhesion for a dating site paid, but in this case the subscription. Spiritual singles is the best spiritual dating site to meet mindful singles ready for a conscious relationship join an evolved, conscious dating site. Online dating has become a common thing within two past decades, so it is ok to try to meet someone via social networks buddhist dating site was designed with the purpose of helping like-minded people get together, chat, meet in real life and eventually find someone special.
Buddhist matrimony, find lakhs of buddhist brides & grooms on buddhistmatrimonycom, a part of communitymatrimony - join free. Welcome to buddhism dating, the number one dating site for singles who seek for the deeper values in life yes, we are grateful to meet people like you singles who are dedicated to find their inner peace and the core of their being.
Personality profile buddhist dating sites dating agency for professional people advantage program considering seeking process must pay high time they often discusses chapter 13 excel, ms office, there seems natural ability to accommodate additions for lawyers. Discover buddhist friends date, the completely free site for single buddhists and those looking to meet local buddhists never pay anything, meet buddhists for dating and friendship 100% totally free dating site for buddhists. Timeline of buddhism jump to navigation jump to search part of a series on: buddhism history terrorists commit a deadly suicide attack on sri lanka's most sacred buddhist site and a unesco world female ancestors, dating back 2,500 years from india, china, and japan, may now be included in the curriculum, ritual, and training offered. Dating rules according to buddha here are the rules to dating according to buddha.
On average, its users find the GARMIN GPSMAP 396 much harder to use than its competitors.The score it badly for reliability and sturdiness., But their opinions differ greatly. If you have a problem, or need help, the Diplofix forum can help you choose between the GARMIN GPSMAP 396 and another product.
Its users don't find it efficient., But they don't all share the same opinion. They find it expensive for what it offers You won't get any unpleasant surprises if you look at the instructions in the GARMIN GPSMAP 396 user manual before buying.
Use the electronic chart in the unit only to facilitate, not to replace, the use of authorized government charts. Official government charts and notices to mariners and pilots (NOTAMs) contain all information needed to navigate safely. When navigating in an aircraft, use the GPSMAP 396 only as an aid for VFR navigation. Use terrain and obstacle data only as an aid to situational awareness. Use this unit only as a navigational aid. Do not attempt to use the unit for any purpose requiring precise measurement of direction, distance, location, or topography. This product should not be used to determine ground proximity for aircraft navigation. This TFR Overlay Display System (TDOS) is updated Monday -Friday, 1200-2000 UTC. COMFIRM DATA ACCURACY THROUGH ALTERNATE SOURCES AT OTHER TIMES. For interpretation of this TFR contact your local FSS. · Do not mount where drver's field of vision is blocked. Do not place unsecured on the vehcle dashboard. · · Do not mount in front of an airbag field of deployment. · When navigating, carefully compare information displayed on the unit to all available navigation sources, including information from street signs, visual sightings, and maps. For safety, always resolve any discrepancies or questions before continuing navigation and defer to posted road signs. · Always operate the vehicle in a safe manner. Do not become distracted by the unit while driving, and always be fully aware of all driving conditions. Minimize the amount of time spent viewing the unit's screen while driving and use voice prompts when possible. Do not GPSMAP 396 Owner's Manual · · v IntroductIon > WArnIng Battery Warnings If these guidelines are not followed, the internal lithium-ion battery may experience a shortened life span or may present a risk of damage to the GPS unit, fire, chemical burn, electrolyte leak, and/or injury...
22 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if the GARMIN GPSMAP 396 is very user-friendly.
22 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if the GARMIN GPSMAP 396 is, in its domain, the best on a technical level, the one offering the best quality, or offering the largest range of options.
22 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if you think that the GARMIN GPSMAP 396 is a sturdy product, which will last a long time before breaking down.
22 users answered questions and rated the product on a scale of 0 to 10. The rating is 10/10 if you think that the GARMIN GPSMAP 396 is really not expensive considering its features.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On April 14, 2018 8:46 am, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at MATCHES FASHION because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at MATCHES FASHION, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Garrett Leight Designer Brand Directory.
Bring a refined feel to summer looks with Garrett Leight's pink Tuscany 55 sunglasses. They're crafted from fine rose-gold tone metal to an oversized square-frame silhouette and feature tinted lenses and acetate tips. Try them with architectural earrings for a radiant statement.
This item was published for sale online by MATCHES FASHION on April 14, 2018 6:57 am and last updated by us April 14, 2018 8:46 am.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Garrett Leight designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Garrett Leight Tuscany 55 Square Frame Sunglasses | Glasses, Eyewear And Accessories fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the MATCHES FASHION Online Store.
When you take place to get over in this way occaisionally, I might be over joyful to Allow you take a test drive. Just give me some advance recognize so I am able to work it into my plan.
Non Resident - license needed for bank or boat fishing unless on constitution boat or certified pier!
A) Thanks for finding in contact. Like you, I like fishing for other species of fish as well, but heaps of oldsters simply such as Walleye most effective, there is certainly absolutely nothing Mistaken with that either.
Tim, Any time I compose a report It really is intended to outline developments in the region. I attempt quite a few lakes every week And that i may very well be referring to Winnie, Cass, Leech and lots of additional. "Deep weedline" can be a relative time period and usually should be taken for a clue to fish the outside edge of the weedline.
I operate h2o like Leech Lake, Rainy Lake and Big Winnie. Most of these are able of manufacturing large waves. My Alaskans have already been great and dry on all of them. I used to run Professional V's each of the time and While using the Alaskan I feel I am really dryer than just before since the ninety horsepower tiller is a greater match for a ship Within this excess weight range. In massive waves I should go somewhat slower to acquire a smooth ride, although the boat may be very responsive and easy to aircraft, rendering it really uncomplicated to stay on the top or in between swells.
What's the length from the boat motor and trailer? At the moment I'd hire a storage device to help keep it indoors. That my need me to downsize into a eighteen. I'm assuming they all contain the swing absent tongue.
Quite simply, if I lived on a lake, I might fairly see boats working successfully, than to determine underpowered rigs plowing drinking water, leading to large wakes and burning further gasoline. With present-day improved engines, a forty HP Restrict would probably serve the identical goal environmentally and nevertheless give boaters some a lot more reasonable selections. I am able to consider a lot of really nice fishing rigs that can be paired up with engines during the twenty five to forty HP assortment.
In case the rod falls backward your reel is just too large, if the idea falls toward the ground the reel is too light. A super blend ought to harmony with your fingertip and feel snug to hold. When it's balanced correctly, you are able to fish all day long lengthy without the need of acquiring a sore or drained arm. Good luck! Jeff
Q) I'd emailed you fishing stores near me before about the sjr720 rod. I'm considering a Shimano Symetre reel to put within the rod. Would you advocate the 750 design or perhaps the 1500 product reel for that rod. I generally thanks walleye and crappie fishing. - Brad
Q) Jeff, Hope that you are possessing a fantastic 7 days. Concern for you... Now we have a household get alongside one another in August east of Zimmerman. I feel Isanti is actually nearer. Are you aware of of any places to fish all around there?
You wind up with incredibly comfy seating for 4 people today and also you are totally free to maneuver easily amongst the bow and stern when you must net fish or do other smaller Work in the boat.
Downstream is best for a boat and In either case you can find fish to catch. Largely Smallmouth and Sauger, but Walleye and various fish are in there too.
Q) Hi Jeff, I just go through your newest update. You are expecting Winnie to show more than shortly? And following that no fish? I often assumed they saved their feed bag on right up until ice hits. Erling Hommedahl
For this boat, you may need an motor that trolls down, and of many of the combos I've owned, the Mercury Opti Max 90 HP has been the top performing motor from the pure fishing perspective.
This research aimed at knowing the relationship between nursing reliability and nursing responsiveness with patient loyalty. The research design was a correlational design. There were 66 samples which were obtained with proporsional random sampling method. Instrument applied in the research was quesionairre consist of 30 items. The analysis was done through univariat analysis, and Spearman rank correlation to bivariat analysis. The results of the study indicated that more than half of the respondents 38 people came from the early adult age group (57.6%), female (51.5%), highly educated (50%), and working (77.3%). Based on the distance of the residence, the respondents found that more than half of the respondents lived far from the hospital (57.6%), in general respondents used insurance (83.3%). Based on the treatment experiences it was known that more than half of patients have never been treated in Tanjungpinang City Hospital (57.6%). The results showed perceptions of reliability (p = 0.008), and perceptions of responsiveness (p = 0.002) means that there was a significant correlation with patient loyalty, strength of sufficient relationships and positive perception. The most dominant variable is responsiveness with correlation coefficient value of 0.372. Nursing management must be innovative in developing the strategies to increase patient loyalty. Keyword: Nursing reliability, responsiveness, patient loyal
The purpose of this research was to know the relation of Benson relaxation effect to the decrease of the comfortable feeling of patientsâ pain after op section caesarea. This research used quantitative method with Quasi Experimental Design. The sampling technique used the formula of quasi experimental research with the design of one group Pre Test and Post Tests with 22 samples. Benson relaxation technique was performed after two days post op section of caesarea with a duration of 5-10 minutes. The analysis was carried out through Wilcoxon indicated p Value 0.000 p â¤ 0.05 which means that there was a benson relaxation effect on the decrease of the comfortable feeling of pain in post-op patient sectio caesarea in RSUD Raja Ahmad Thabib and is expected to make benson relaxation therapy as a reference of alternative medicine to decrease pain relief in post patient op section caesarea. Keywords: Sectio Caesarea, Benson Relaxatio
This study aims to analyze the description of Procurement of Nursing Management Information System at Home Visit Telenursing application at RS. M.Yunus Bengkulu. Design research that researchers use modify the theory of research (R) and development (D). The development of telenursing technology based on BAN (body area network) technology can provide realtime monitoring results and connect with WSN (wireless sensor network) transmission through integration with end user devices (laptop) which design and implementation can be used in rural and remote areas. The result of the study is the design of the program system that has the advantage of being able to be used to transmit medical data of the patient, the main complaint, the type of illness he feels (mild, moderate and severe), visualization of data in image, sound and text, even video, can be used as health detector digital-based patients via video mail, and family medical history with multimedia medical records techniques that are connected to the health center of M. Yusuf Bengkulu Hospital. Direct research was piloted to the nurse to gain a nurses understanding of the use of telenursing. The conclusion of this research is the enthusiasm of nurses in accepting new challenge in providing telenursing service is very high, it can impact on ability to improve effective communication between nurse and patient. Keywords: Home Visit Telenursing, Development, SIM
The main purpose of the research is to find out the description of learning motivation of students of smartphone users in SMP Negeri 4 Garut. The research method was descriptive approach. The sample in this research was 89 students. The data collecting technique was done by using the questionnaire. The result of the research are 1) half of students (50,6%) rarely use smartphone and almost half of students (41,6%) have medium learning motivation in SMP Negeri 4 Garut. It is recommended for students to be monitored and directed not to use smartphones at school and during strict studens learning. Keywords: Learning Motivation, Smartphone Usage
This study aims to determine the effectiveness of Glenn Doman method stages 1 and 2 on the development of autistic childrenâs thinking in autis center Bengkulu.The research design was quasi experiment using two group before after or pre test and post test design group. The result showed that in univariate analysis, it was found that the majority male with speech ability in control group and treatment group is quite capable before being treaten through Glenn Doman theraphy stage 1 and 2. Then the development of the majority treatment group is increasing to capable. In bivariate analysis, it was found out that there was a significant effect of Glenn Doman therapy stage 1 and 2 on the development of autism children communication in autis centre Bengkulu with value p 0,000 < 0,0. Considering the importance of the development of children communication, especially children with autism, autism center Bengkulu is willing improve the method of Glenn Doman stages 1 and 2 in the process of education for children with autism. Keyword : Autism, Glenn Doman
The purpose of this research is to find out the relation between factors related to the role and early monitoring in ââBasuki Rahmat Health Center.The research method was quantitative research with cross sectional study approach. The population in this study was all active midwives in ââPuskesmas Basuki Rahmat Bengkulu City that teaches 25 people with total sampling technique. The results of the study, more than half of respondents (60%) have poor midwives, 52% adults, 16% have low education, 48% have enough knowledge, 55% have favorabel, 60% have high motivation, 44% have no experience in treatment, 60% never received a reward, 40% never received supervision. There is no significant relationship between education with the role and early monitoring of high risk pregnancy (P: 0.759). It is expected that the Health Office/Puskesmas can improve human resources by contributing to the study, providing training, awards and supervision continuously and simultaneously to the midwives at Puskesmas Basuki Rahmat, Bengkulu City. Keywords: Monitoring, Early Detection, Midwife Role.
The purpose of this study was to determine differences in cognitive function between men and women of elderly after being given brain gym intervention in patients with cognitive impairment. This research used experiment method, using Quasi experiment design with pre and posttest design. Instrument used The Short Portable Mental Status Questionnaire (SPMSQ). The elderly group of men and women were given a 30- minute brain gym intervention, performed 3 times a week for 2 weeks. The results showed that there was a difference of cognitive function between men and women of elderly after giving brain exercise intervention with P value = 0,025. It can be concluded that there was a difference in the effectiveness of brain gym on improving cognitive function between men and women of elderly. Brain gym is more effective for improving cognitive function in elderly men. Keywords : Brain Gym, Cognitive Function, Elderly
The aim of this study was to determine whether there is a relationship between hemodialysis frequency stress levels in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing hemodialysis at hemodialysis installation of dr. M. Yunus hospital Bengkulu City 2016. The study design used was a descriptive analytic method to explain each variable studied. The results showed that there was a significant relationship between the frequency of hemodialysis with the level of stress in patients with chronic renal failure, almost all respondents often undergo hemodialysis in hemodialysis installation in dr. M.Yunus hospital in Bengkulu city, of a total of 67 respondents almost half of respondents suffered moderate stress levels and no significant association between HD frequency with the stress levels of patients with CKD in Haemodialysis installation with p value 0.041 smaller than 0.05. The results of this study are expected to add insight and knowledge about the disease of CKD, and and is expected to continue this research in the context of a deeper and broader variables. Keywords: Frequency, Hemodialysis, Stress Levels.
This study to determine the effect of Puzzle Play Against Social Adaptability on Mental Retardation Students in SDLB Dharma Women in Bengkulu City. This research method using a research design Pre Exsperimental Design with draft form one group pretest posttest, way of taking a sample is taken using total sampling with a sample of 12 respondents. used in this study are primary data, the data acquired, processed and analyzed using univariate and bivariate analysis using T. Test The results showed that the average number of children who have mental retardation prior to the puzzle game has a social adaptation unfavorable and the average number of children who have mental retardation after doing a puzzle game has a social adaptation enough baikdan no effect between playing puzzle to adaptability social in students with mental retardation in SDLB Dharma Women in Bengkulu City p 0.004. Keywords: Mental Retardation, Puzzle games, Social Adaptation
This study aimed to describe the factors that affect the quality of life of patients with CRF who undergo hemodialysis in dr. M. Yunushospital in Bengkulu 2016. The population of study is 205 people, the sampling technique used was an accidental sampling with a sample of 67 respondents.The results showed nearly all respondents aged smaller than 20 and greather than 35 years, more than the majority of respondents were female, more than the majority of respondents had pretty income or more, almost half of respondents had high levels of depression, more than the majority of respondents had either the family support, more than the majority of respondents had a high quality of life, there was a correlation between age, gender, producer, depression, and family support with quality of life, there was a relationship between sex with the quality of life for CRF patients undergoing hemodialysis in dr. M. Yunus Hospital in Bengkulu 2016.It is advisable for the public to provide health education for families of patients with CRF who undergo hemodialysis therapy on the importance of family support in improving the quality of life of family members. Keywords: Accidental Sampling, Chronic Kidney Disease, Hemodialysis, Quality of Life.
Santa Claus on custom 1987 Kawasaki KLR650. Oh come on guys, where is Rudolf, what happend to Santa's slades?
As we recognized, Santa has a hut also here in Pokljuka, Slovenia and his daily rider is custom Kawasaki KLR650. Unyusuall? It's unyusuall that Santa rides a motorcycle, that he ride's it for fun, and that his ride is a custom Kawasaki KLR 650. KLR?
His words are: »it's reliable, fun to ride and man, nobody else got one like this. And loud pipes saves lifes. This Monster Tracker from 7seven customs has a custom exhaust and its freakin loud, especcialy whan shifting one down it's like somebody shooting with a big gun after you. Rudolf does't like it!«
More about custom motorcycle will be unvild in January, so Santa can't speak about it. He just confirmend us, that this bike comes from Slovenian builders 7seven customs.
He wish all of us a marry christmas and a happy new year 2014. Between the lines he mentioned, that nobody wished his custom KLR jet & that there is still enough time to write a letter and get it under the christmas tree.
The Alzeimers and related dementia support group offers support for friends and family members of those with Alzheimer's Disease and related dementias.
Friends, caregivers and family members of those with Alzheimer's Disease and related dementias. New members are welcome.
WOF’s and Flavor Summits, Rueda Tasting, Signing Agreements and CIA Spanish Institutions. | Gastronomic + 34
The Culinary Institute of America is the most important Gastronomic University in the United States and is an esteemed model worldwide. It has 4 University campus’ (New York, California, Texas and Singapore), more the 45,000 ex-alumni hold direct positions and can make decisions in the American and International food-service sector.
Since 2008, the Culinary Institute of America had Gastronomic+34 as their agency in Spain. During those 5 years, we facilitated the signing of the agreement with very important educational sectors in Spain (Alicia Foundation and the Basque Culinary Center), managed the participation of the cooks, the DO, independent agencies, institutions etc. In CIA conferences, we promoted interest in Spanish Gastronomy for the most prestigious gastronomic universities in the world.
Organized by The Culinary Institute of America, this annual congress is one of most influential gastronomical congresses worldwide and included more than 700 influential professionals of the Food Service of the United States of America.
Since 2008 Gastronomic+34 coordinated the participation of the Spanish chefs and the Spanish Sponsors on the Congress. More than 30 chefs, 15 sponsors and 60 Spanish companies have participated in the conference helping promote Spanish Gastronomy in the United States.
Agreement: The Basque Culinary Center and The Culinary Institute of America, New York. Since 2011 to the present
There was a signing in order to solidify the collaboration between The Basque Culinary Center (BCC) and The Culinary Institute of America CIA). The agreement was signed on October 17th 2011 by Joxe Mari Aizega (BBC Manager) and Tim Ryan (CIA President) and the conference was attended by the Lehendakari Patxi López and the chefs Juan Mari Arzak, Martín Berasategui and Andoni Luis Adúriz.
Gastronomic+34, as the CIA Agency in Spain, set up, negotiated and provided for the execution of the agreement.
This congress was organized by The Culinary Institute of America and Food Arts Magazine, and gathered more than 70 high executives (hotels, casinos, cruises, resorts, chain restaurants…) to make decisions in the gastronomic sector in the United States. Gastronomic+34 coordinated the participation of the Spanish sponsors in the congress.
Gastronomic+34 coordinated two tastings of D.O. Rueda wines on the campus’ of Greystone (Napa Valley) and Hyde Park (New York) of the Culinary Institute of America. Both tastings had a reception with the CIA faculty, their alumni, and future professionals of the food service sector in the United States. The purpose was to present and introduce the D.O. Rueda wines.
Gastronomic+34, conceptualized, organized and facilitated the agreement between the Fundación Alicia (FA) and The Culinary Institute of America (CIA), which was supposed to be the start of the relations between both centers. The project, financed by Prodeca, lasted over the course of 10 days, and had 6 professors of the CIA, the FA, and Catalan firms of the food and agriculture sector in attendance. Similarly, 3 delegations of Catalan speakers taught classes on the campus of the CIA in Greystones and Hyde Park. The speakers included, among others, the chefs Carlos Tejedor (Via Veneto), Rafa Pena (Gresca), Dani Olivella (B44), the Doctor Ramón Estruch (Hospital Clinic) and the professionals of the wine sector, Oriol Guevara (Incavi) and Marimar Torres (Marimar Torres State).
The program finished with 3 scholarships in the FA for newly graduated students of the CIA. Ferrán Adriá (President Fundación Alicia), Tim Ryan (President CIA) and Joaquim Llena (Secretary of Agriculture, Fishery and Rural Action of Catalonia) signed the agreement.
Gastronomic +34 had conceptualized, designed, executed, created together with The Culinary Institute of America, a webpage to promote Spanish gastronomy in the US. The page is in English, and contains information on Spain through seminars, videos, workshops, recipes, ingredients, articles and interviews. It receives more than 25,000 visits a month.
We have over 20 years of experience providing excellent academic enrichment geared toward preparing students for college admission and ACT/SAT/AP test preparation in Irvine, California.
We strive to do our best in providing assistance to students in Korea and the United States who are preparing for college entrance. We have published 24 volumes of ACT/SAT study materials as well as a book called Strategies for Studying Abroad in the US and for the SAT from Nexus Publishing.
Through much experience and effort, we have come up with systems and software that help equip any student who fall within the top 50% range to receive an ACT /SAT score over 30/1400 after a period of preparation.
This software called ACT/SATracker™ was not developed for the purpose of sale from the beginning. Rather, during the last 20 years of running this institute, we contemplated ways to improve our students' English proficiency and SAT scores within a certain timeframe. The methods we discovered over the years were finally bundled together to form this software.
Because the success of this program has already been proven through the performance of numerous students, children and students from any region including the United States, China and Korea, can immediately benefit from it. I will now introduce the ACT/SATracker™ program.
The first section illustrates the raw composite score on each subject tested on the ACT and provides a final bolded composite score, including the essay portion of the test. This provides test-takers a subject-area breakdown of the score in order to determine which areas are their strongest versus the areas where more practice and improvement is needed.
The second section is an analysis that charts the individual student test scores over time and provides learner, parent and instructor, a visual representation of the student's progress. This is a time-saving and convenient method of reviewing and identifying any decrease in scores from one practice test to another.
The third section provides an in-depth analysis of the three subject areas of the ACT and provides learner, parent and instructor the raw score in addition to a specific breakdown of the Sub Areas within each category. This report also ranks the test sub areas by level of difficulty and identifies the student's weaknesses. This allows students and instructors access to test data that will help inform instruction and highlight areas of focus for the learner.
The last section includes individual workbooks along with accompanying lecture notes and item analysis material in order for the student to deepen their understanding of the skills and knowledge base needed to improve their score.
It is crucial to take a few moments and highlight the true advantages of the ACT/SATracker™ software.
One of the greatest benefits of the ACT/SATracker is that the entirety of the analysis and helpful sections listed above are available online. In this way, students, parents and instructors alike, have access to the student's progress and supplemental resources. All participants can monitor the scores from anywhere and at any time. Students will also be able to review the areas that need improvement, even after their regular SAT course is completed.
Another crucial advantage is that this system contains over 50 tests and 8,500 questions, and it is programmed to meet individual student need. For example, if a student has already achieved a score of 30/1400, he/she will not need to review the whole ACT/SAT course. By utilizing the analysis graphs, individual workbooks, and lecture notes, the student and instructor can specifically target areas that need improvement to increase the score to 30-36/1400-1600 in a short period of time.
abstract This presentation provides a case study of the application of Systems Engineering in cascade of companies. The case study is artificial to avoid confindetiality issues, where elements from multiple real case studies are combined.
The Plot to Destroy Democracy: How Putin and His Spies Are Undermining America and Dismantling the West
We need a new science/philosophy that can deal with a new reality: an extended ‘gaian’ matrix for human history and civilization, with an evolutionary context behind that.The current gaian thesis is charming but too limited and attempts a science it can’t so far really achieve.But we can see that the issue of gaia can be taken in a way that is empirical and wary of ‘grand theories’ except as conjectures on the way to science. The point is that we hardly have a choice. Standard historical theory is almost completely lame and misleading. The evidence almost demands a gaian perscpective, without giving us a full handle on the meaning of the idea.As we examine world history we can see that the evidence of the eonic effect demonstrates a field of global action that transcends typical/standard sociological causation theories and instead demonstrates a complex system that is able to act on focal regions, i.e. able to generate starting points as if it were coming into focus on a particular region which is not in the causal succession of a mainline,
Next Next post: We have arrived at the moment foretold by the revolutionaries of the year 1848 – Last and First Men
When the relationship between leaders sours, your entire organization suffers. Perhaps you hoped they’d work it out themselves or you tried a sit down chat on your own. But they still struggle to communicate and work together. Their issues effect important people around them and threaten key outcomes. Read More
If your organization is like most, managers spend much of their time dealing with staff personality conflicts and many employees inevitably bump up against coworkers. Perhaps it’s time to consider training to improve skills and abilities to overcome these inevitable interpersonal tensions. Read More
The Oregon Mediation Association unanimously presented its 2016 Award of Excellence, in the private practitioner category, to Chris Sheesley. This award for outstanding service “recognizes individuals or organizations who have demonstrated exemplary service to the field of mediation and to OMA.”
You know how difficult and disruptive conflict can be at work. Often what begins with a little tension between two people soon becomes everyone’s problem. It gets complicated and messes up productivity, morale… you name it. Otherwise good employees become derailed. Despite your best intentions and efforts the situation may be escalating out of control.
“Chris has helped us get to a sense of collaboration and team work that we have spent 10 years aspiring toward and not achieving. I appreciate his efforts and finesse, and expect that we will want to use his services again.”
“Chris, you were a life-giver and saver! Thank you so much. Our relationships are VASTLY improved, and although the tension created by our work and structure remains, we handle it much more kindly and gently, and with much improved communication. It is nice to know you can be there if and when we need you again! Thank you so much!”
“You helped Workers’ Compensation Division tremendously in figuring out how to go about the work of reviewing what we do, how we do it and how we could improve our effectiveness. You did this with great patience and humor. Feedback from our staff and managers was consistently very positive about their work with you. You demonstrated yourself to be a very skilled facilitator in a number of different settings. You also provided the executive management team with greater insight into how the process was working. You were straightforward and timely with providing feedback from review participants, which helped us to identify potential issues needing to be addressed. I’m very impressed with your work, Chris.”
With two and a half decades of full time experience, a client roster of hundreds of notable organizations and a track record of over 1,750 cases, Chris is among the most seasoned conflict management professionals on the West Coast. He has amassed over 5,000 hours of experience teaching dispute resolution and related skills grounded in his real-world experience.
Researchers from the research groups that are funded by INCLUDE through NWO/WOTRO are sharing their views in the consultation on inclusive development. The consultation explores ways to promote inclusiveness in the Dutch policy agenda on trade and international cooperation. The contributions will feed into the policy letter that Lilianne Ploumen, Minister for Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation of the Netherlands, has committed to send to the Parliament in spring 2015.
As the concept ‘inclusive development/growth’ targets a wide variety of groups, it is difficult to prioritize which of the ‘exclusion’ categories should be addressed first. Rob van Tulder, leader of the research project ‘How Inclusive Business Strategies Can Contribute to Inclusive Development in Sub-Saharan Africa’, argues that because of the ambition to involve corporations in the policy agenda, the question then also becomes how to stimulate companies to adopt truly ‘inclusive business models’.
Marginalisation is a complex phenomenon that is not susceptible to simple answers or single approaches, Morag Goodwin, head of the research group ‘Investigating structural barriers to Batwa Inclusion in Development’, writes. There is not one form of inclusion or one form of a good life; this is why the starting point should always be to explore with marginalised people how they view their own inclusion in society.
Chibuike Uche, leader of the research project ‘Dutch Multinational Businesses, Dutch Government and the Promotion of Productive Employment in Sub-Saharan Africa’, also argues that overcoming exclusion is difficult, particularly because aid flows are transmitted through governance structures that are not controlled by those who are excluded.
In many poor countries, growth does not always translate to poverty reduction. Jane Mariara of the research group ‘Productive Employment in the Segmented Markets of Fresh Produce’ addresses a number of policies that are critical to address poverty, inequality and enhance growth.
Crelis Rammelt and Maggi Leung of the research project ‘Feeder Road Development for Inclusive Productive Employment’ also write that over the past 50 years, (rapid) economic growth in practically all Global South and emerging economies has gone hand in hand with rising income inequality and environmental degradation. This raises a huge red flag to the dominant neoliberal and globalisation-oriented strategies of economic growth (often framed as ‘development’) model practiced over the last decades.
In his contribution, Addisu Lashitew of the research group ‘How Inclusive Business Strategies can contribute to Inclusive Development in Sub-Saharan Africa?’ argues that there will be much to gain when businesses are involved as partners for development. Businesses might be enticed to go ‘inclusive’ given the massive size of the ‘bottom of the pyramid’ with its considerable growth prospect. They can also find new, socially meaningful use for their competences, potentially creating sustainable business value in the process.
Joseph Mumba, also part of the research group ‘How Inclusive Business Strategies Can Contribute to Inclusive Development in Sub-Saharan Africa’, describes how business models can become inclusive. Successful inclusive business models require a well-established and coordinated supportive ecosystem within which various stakeholders can play important roles in developing it. In his view, the Dutch Government can play a key role in helping to develop the capacities of local stakeholders including local communities, knowledge institutions, government institutions and civil society organizations.
Charles Omusana of the research project ‘Changing the Mindset of Ugandan Entrepreneurs: From Muppets to Gazelles’ argues that for economic development and poverty reduction to take place in the least developed and developing countries, development of the economic infrastructure is critical since it is a perquisite for private sector to thrive. However, for meaningful and sustainable economic development to take place having economic infrastructure alone is not sufficient. It has to be supplemented with effective social infrastructure development initiatives.
Focusing on fragile and conflict affected countries, Akinyinka Akinyoade of the research group ‘Dutch Multinational Businesses, Dutch Government and the Promotion of Productive Employment in Sub-Saharan Africa’ writes that basic education service delivery, system of progressive taxation, and reform (or building) of public service administration are needed to promote inclusive development in these areas. Simultaneous implementation of these interventions has added value of positively addressing societal inequalities as well as inclusion of marginalized groups in zones that are just emerging from conflict.
Can Africa “entrepreneur itself” out of basic problems? A lot of people would say no, including a Kenyan observer, interviewed at a recent African Innovators Summit: ‘One of Kenya’s best known tech investors Ory Okolloh has thrown cold water on the push for entrepreneurship and innovation on the continent. “You can’t entrepreneur around bad leadership, we can’t entrepreneur around bad policy,” Okolloh said, criticizing what she called the “fetishization” of entrepreneurship and neglect of fundamental problems hampering African countries. “There is growth in Africa but Africans are not growing,” she said echoing earlier comments she has made.’ More of her remarks, and a video, are available at: http://qz.com/502149/video-ory-okolloh-explains-why-africa-cant-entrepreneur-itself-out-of-its-basic-problems/
Research group: Empowering female Ugandan entrepreneurs, Productive employment in segmented markets, Dutch multinational businesses in Africa, Barriers to Batwa inclusion in Rwanda, Inclusive business strategies in Africa
Annemarie is a Knowledge Manager at the INCLUDE Secretariat. She also works as a knowledge broker in the Inclusive Economy Africa and Sahel Watch programmes of The Broker. She works at the intersectio...
Road investments in Africa are driven by the widespread assumption that the lack of roads is a major impediment to productivity and employment. However, there is surprisingly little rigorous, empirical research dealing with the multiple effects of roads and the distribution of these effects. Our research takes place in the regional state of Tigray in […]
Update 2 March 2015: the Consultation is launched today, find here the overviewpage and the first contributions. In a debate in Dutch Parliament in October 2014, Minister Lilianne Ploumen for International Trade and Development Cooperation committed to send a letter to Parliament in Spring 2015 on the inclusiveness of Dutch projects and programmes. The […]
Thank you so much for dropping by to view the lovely inspiration provided by the Design Team, and thank you for leaving a comment.
Hi all it's Lorraine A aka Lols here to share a card. Did you know that there are only 47 days left to Christmas!! :-) I made this ...
Book Thailand Now offers special hotel, flight or tour packages made available by the trusted partners curated by the Tourism Authority of Thailand.
Welcome to Thailand Insider, an online destination where a vacation isn’t measured by souvenirs, but by the life-changing memories that define an escape from reality.
GoThaiBeFree is the official travel blog about LGBT life in Thailand from the Tourism Authority of Thailand
Want to travel to Thailand? Or be in the know about our latest happenings, travel tips, packages & promotions?
Yacht cruise parties, beach clubs, and living it up. It’s official — TropOut is returning to Thailand for the new year! If you’re looking to kick off 2018 with cool styles, warm weather, and friendly vibes, TropOut is 2018’s must-go event. Escape the chilly weather to a Thai tropical wonderland! Two years…
Whether you're more into taking a personal trip for you and your partner, or want to create a group with just your… https://t.co/pFaWgPP9Sm	3 days ago
Not only will you have plenty of time to mix and mingle with your trip partners, but Out Adventures gives you plent… https://t.co/dGF9LSaYb3	5 days ago
@outadventures' Premier Gay Itinerary in Thailand runs for ten days and nine nights from December 23rd until Januar… https://t.co/JGkag7XEWi	6 days ago
Bring your guy, or maybe meet a new one! Let's celebrate some of the big and small group experiences to be had i… https://t.co/COosnN4LJF	7 days ago
We hope your Halloween is full of treats, not tricks. Come in & explore https://t.co/JbtWUqlt7N to discover other w… https://t.co/SvntD9Omx9	2 weeks ago
You might not be the early bird anymore, but you might still get the worm if you book for @TropOut 2019! The 2019… https://t.co/WF99iP1tQR	2 weeks ago
Some things work just like clockwork, and we're glad this one keeps coming around. This year's @WhitePartyBKK promi… https://t.co/Jdq0lr1u5J	2 weeks ago
Posted by Gothic.org on June 29, 2014. Filed under . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback to this entry
Gothic.org covers the best goth style - including high end dark couture, spooky DIY crafting, gothic pret-a-porter clothing, gloomy beautiful decor, tenebrous jewelry, and crepuscular custom designs. From vampire makeup tutorials to news about style icons who wear the clothes so well, Gothic.org covers darkside fashion and style. Plus a forum for discussions and castings and lots of link features to help indie designers promote.
Fantastic cornerhouses for your garden or outdoor space built to the highest standards. Click below to view some of our recent cornerhouses.
Our shop is located at one of the famous canals in the very center of Amsterdam at walking distance from Leidseplein and the most famous galleries and museums.
Although moles are harmless rarely, from an aesthetic point of view are unpleasant and annoying. Some consider them as places of beauty however, some loathe their appearance.
Moles are pigmented cells (melanocytes) formed in groups rather than spread throughout the body. Sun exposure and hormonal changes are the main reason for their formation.
There are many surgical and laser treatments to remove moles that are painful and can leave a scar behind. However, you can always choose a safe, simple and painless manner. Wondering what can it be?
Here we will discuss in relation to “apple cider vinegar – King of home remedies”. It is the most effective and safe to remove moles without leaving behind a scar form.
The acidic nature of vinegar destroys the mole tissue, however, does not damage the surrounding skin. the repeated use for a few days will become crusted moles, which falls without remainders.
With few applications apple cider vinegar, the mole may be dark and worst, but do not worry, it’s a mol common form of healing.
As the sun is the main reason for moles, use sunscreen or cover the moles with a cloth or hat before going out in the sun.
Some moles may be cancerous, so consult a dermatologist to have it checked before trying any method of disposal.
Did you find this article helpful? Share your experience in the comments section. We are happy to hear from you …
Boils or skin abscesses are an infection caused by the release of toxins in the skin. Appear as round, pus-filled, red, hard and painful lumps on
plums may be small, but they have a great reputation as an effective natural method for preventing and treating constipation, a condition characterized by a significant
Are you uncomfortable with dandruff and wants to get rid of it permanently? Well, now you can make it happen with the right diet, changes in
According to a recent study, nearly 29 million Americans suffer from headache. Deadlines, stress, congestion, sinus, migraine, food allergy, surf, lifestyle, eating habits and hundreds of
But, as always, the miners’ biggest challenge came from bitcoin itself. The mere presence of so much new mining in the Mid-Columbia Basin substantially expanded the network’s total mining power; for a time, Carlson’s mine alone accounted for a quarter of the global bitcoin mining capacity. But this rising calculating power also caused mining difficulty to skyrocket—from January 2013 to January 2014, it increased one thousandfold—which forced miners to expand even faster. And bitcoin’s rising price was now drawing in new miners, especially in China, where power is cheap. By the middle of 2014, Carlson says, he’d quadrupled the number of servers in his mine, yet had seen his once-massive share of the market fall below 1 percent.
In September 2015, the establishment of the peer-reviewed academic journal Ledger (ISSN 2379-5980) was announced. It covers studies of cryptocurrencies and related technologies, and is published by the University of Pittsburgh.[239] The journal encourages authors to digitally sign a file hash of submitted papers, which will then be timestamped into the bitcoin blockchain. Authors are also asked to include a personal bitcoin address in the first page of their papers.[240][241]
These days, Miehe says, a serious miner wouldn’t even look at a site like that. As bitcoin’s soaring price has drawn in thousands of new players worldwide, the strange math at the heart of this cryptocurrency has grown steadily more complicated. Generating a single bitcoin takes a lot more servers than it used to—and a lot more power. Today, a half-megawatt mine, Miehe says, “is nothing.” The commercial miners now pouring into the valley are building sites with tens of thousands of servers and electrical loads of as much as 30 megawatts, or enough to power a neighborhood of 13,000 homes. And in the arms race that cryptocurrency mining has become, even these operations will soon be considered small-scale. Miehe knows of substantially larger mining projects in the basin backed by out-of-state investors from Wall Street, Europe and Asia whose prospecting strategy, as he puts it, amounts to “running around with a checkbook just trying to get in there and establish scale.”
Hot wallets refer to Bitcoin wallets used on internet connected devices like phones, computers, or tablets. Because hot wallets run on internet connected devices there is always a risk of theft. Think of hot wallets like your wallet today. You shouldn’t store any significant amount of bitcoins in a hot wallet, just as you would not walk around with your savings account as cash.
Bitcoin Mining is intentionally designed to be resource-intensive and difficult so that the number of blocks found each day by miners remains steady over time, producing a controlled finite monetary supply. Individual blocks must contain a proof-of-work to be considered valid. This proof-of-work (PoW) is verified by other Bitcoin nodes each time they receive a block. Bitcoin uses a PoW function to protect against double-spending, which also makes Bitcoin's ledger immutable.
But bitcoin is completely digital, and it has no third parties. The idea of an overseeing body runs completely counter to its ethos. So if you tell me you have 25 bitcoins, how do I know you’re telling the truth? The solution is that public ledger with records of all transactions, known as the block chain. (We’ll get to why it’s called that shortly.) If all of your bitcoins can be traced back to when they were created, you can’t get away with lying about how many you have.
To save money on cooling, some mine operators have opted for cooler climates. BitFury also runs three large mining facilities, one of which is in Iceland to benefit from the cool weather. “Many data centers around the world have 30 to 40 percent of electricity costs going to cooling,” explains Valery Vavilov, the CEO of BitFury. “This is not an issue in our Iceland data center.”
Each time you request blockchain data from a wallet, the server may be able to view your IP address and connect this to the address data requested. Each wallet handles data requests differently. If privacy is important to you, use a wallet that downloads the whole blockchain like Bitcoin Core or Armory. Tor can be used with other wallets to shield your IP address, but this doesn’t prevent a server from tying a group of addresses to one identity. For more information, check out the Open Bitcoin Privacy Project for wallet rankings based on privacy.
This gives the pool members a more frequent, steady payout (this is called reducing your variance), but your payout(s) can be decreased by whatever fee the pool might charge. Solo mining will give you large, infrequent payouts and pooled mining will give you small, frequent payouts, but both add up to the same amount if you're using a zero fee pool in the long-term.
Controlling and monitoring your mining rig requires dedicated software. Depending on what mining rig you have, you’ll need to find the right software. Many mining pools have their own software, but some don’t. In case you’re not sure which mining software you need, you can find a list of Bitcoin mining software here. Also, if you want to compare different mining software, you can do it here.
Bitcoin (BTC) is down a little under percent on the day, and is trading at $6,470 as of press time. With one notable exception Oct. 15 – a brief spike correlated with Tether’s slight untethering from its dollar peg – the top coin has been trading sideways between $6,500-$6,500 for the past few days, before slipping below the $6,500 today, still above where it started the week, close to $6,300. On the week, Bitcoin is 2.7 percent in the green, and is also up just about 2 percent on the month.
Controlling and monitoring your mining rig requires dedicated software. Depending on what mining rig you have, you’ll need to find the right software. Many mining pools have their own software, but some don’t. In case you’re not sure which mining software you need, you can find a list of Bitcoin mining software here. Also, if you want to compare different mining software, you can do it here.
Jump up ^ Christin, Nicolas (2013). Traveling the Silk Road: A Measurement Analysis of a Large Anonymous Online Marketplace (PDF). Carnegie Mellon INI/CyLab. p. 8. Retrieved 22 October 2013. we suggest to compare the estimated total volume of Silk Road transactions with the estimated total volume of transactions at all Bitcoin exchanges (including Mt.Gox, but not limited to it). The latter corresponds to the amount of money entering and leaving the Bitcoin network, and statistics for it are readily available... approximately 1,335,580 BTC were exchanged on Silk Road... approximately 29,553,384 BTC were traded in Bitcoin exchanges over the same period... The only conclusion we can draw from this comparison is that Silk Road-related trades could plausibly correspond to 4.5% to 9% of all exchange trades
From a widespread adoption standpoint: for the typical consumer, Bitcoin is technically challenging and cumbersome to use for the inexperienced. They also forfeit the consumer protections afforded by traditional credit and debt cards. Merchants already have incentive to accept it in the form of reduced fees for accepting payments over typical payment processors.
Electrum is a software wallet that enables you to set up a strong level of security very quickly. During the simple installation process, you are given a twelve word phrase that will allow you to recover all of your bitcoins in the event that your computer fails. Your wallet is also encrypted by default which helps protect your coins against hackers. Electrum is available for Windows, OSX, and Linux and is our recommended software wallet for beginners. Click here to download the right version for your operating system.
In January 2009, the bitcoin network was created when Nakamoto mined the first block of the chain, known as the genesis block.[18][19] Embedded in the coinbase of this block was the following text: "The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks."[10] This note has been interpreted as both a timestamp and a comment on the instability caused by fractional-reserve banking.[20]:18
Skipping over the technical details, finding a block most closely resembles a type of network lottery. For each attempt to try and find a new block, which is basically a random guess for a lucky number, a miner has to spend a tiny amount of energy. Most of the attempts fail and a miner will have wasted that energy. Only once about every ten minutes will a miner somewhere succeed and thus add a new block to the blockchain.
Meanwhile, investors have been rattled this week by reports bank-owned currency trading utility CLS, along with enterprise software giant IBM, are teaming up to trial the blockchain-based Ledger Connect, an application that offers services from different vendors, with some nine financial institutions, including international heavyweights Barclays and Citigroup.
You can look at this hash as a really long number. (It's a hexadecimal number, meaning the letters A-F are the digits 10-15.) To ensure that blocks are found roughly every ten minutes, there is what's called a difficulty target. To create a valid block your miner has to find a hash that is below the difficulty target. So if for example the difficulty target is
Some wallets, like Electrum, allow you choose in how many blocks your transaction should be confirmed. The faster you want your payment to go through, the more you will have to pay miners for confirming your activity. We find here another difference between Bitcoin wallets and Bank accounts. Given the right wallet, the control and oversight that we have over our transactions is far more extensive than that of the traditional banking system.
Bitcoin is a type of cryptocurrency: Balances are kept using public and private "keys," which are long strings of numbers and letters linked through the mathematical encryption algorithm that was used to create them. The public key (comparable to a bank account number) serves as the address which is published to the world and to which others may send bitcoins. The private key (comparable to an ATM PIN) is meant to be a guarded secret, and only used to authorize Bitcoin transmissions.
Here’s how it works: Say Alice wants to transfer one bitcoin to Bob. First Bob sets up a digital address for Alice to send the money to, along with a key allowing him to access the money once it’s there. It works sort-of like an email account and password, except that Bob sets up a new address and key for every incoming transaction (he doesn’t have to do this, but it’s highly recommended).
In addition to being the means of generating new bitcoin, bitcoin mining creates the blockchain that verifies bitcoin transactions. The block reward is gleaned by placing a new block on the blockchain, which acts as an advancing public ledger of verified transaction. This is an essential function for bitcoin's operation as it enables the currency to be safely and predictably created without the centralized regulation in the form of a bank or federal government. Blocks must to be a validated by a proof-of-work (Bitcoin uses Hashcash), which can only be obtained by expending a great deal of processing power. Once a block is obtained a message is broadcast to the mining network and verified by all recipients.
How hard are the puzzles involved in mining? Well, that depends on how much effort is being put into mining across the network. The difficulty of the mining can be adjusted, and is adjusted by the protocol every 2016 blocks, or roughly every 2 weeks. The difficulty adjusts itself with the aim of keeping the rate of block discovery constant. Thus if more computational power is employed in mining, then the difficulty will adjust upwards to make mining harder. And if computational power is taken off of the network, the opposite happens. The difficulty adjusts downward to make mining easier.
The bitcoin network is a peer-to-peer payment network that operates on a cryptographic protocol. Users send and receive bitcoins, the units of currency, by broadcasting digitally signed messages to the network using bitcoin cryptocurrency wallet software. Transactions are recorded into a distributed, replicated public database known as the blockchain, with consensus achieved by a proof-of-work system called mining. Satoshi Nakamoto, the designer of bitcoin claimed that design and coding of bitcoin began in 2007. The project was released in 2009 as open source software.
According to the Internet Watch Foundation, a UK-based charity, bitcoin is used to purchase child pornography, and almost 200 such websites accept it as payment. Bitcoin isn't the sole way to purchase child pornography online, as Troels Oertling, head of the cybercrime unit at Europol, states, "Ukash and paysafecard... have [also] been used to pay for such material." However, the Internet Watch Foundation lists around 30 sites that exclusively accept bitcoins.[31] Some of these sites have shut down, such as a deep web crowdfunding website that aimed to fund the creation of new child porn.[47][better source needed] Furthermore, hyperlinks to child porn websites have been added to the blockchain as arbitrary data can be included when a transaction is made.[48][49]
A hard fork of a cryptocurrency is a change to the protocol that makes previously invalid blocks/transactions valid (or vice-versa). This requires all the nodes to upgrade to the latest version of the protocol software. In other words, a hard fork is a permanent divergence from the previous version of the blockchain, and nodes running previous versions will no longer be accepted by the newest version. This, in turn, creates a fork in the blockchain: one path follows the new, upgraded blockchain, and the other path continues along the old path.
Bitcoin is the world’s first cryptocurrency. It is a purely peer-to-peer electronic cash system that allows online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution. The Bitcoin system is the most widely accepted cryptocurrency system at present. However, due to its initial setting, such as block size and block time, its performance is limited to less than 10 transactions per second.
Benny: The Rogue Miner “Benny,” a self-taught, 20-something computer whiz, set up three mining servers in his Wenatchee home last summer. Since then he has made enough profit not only to recover his initial investment but also to pay his monthly mortgage. As a bonus, the heat from the computers keeps his home heated all winter. “It’s just basically free money,” says Benny, pictured here with his homemade mining operation. | Patrick Cavan Brown for Politico Magazine
All of which leaves the basin’s utilities caught between a skeptical public and a voracious, energy-intense new sector that, as Bolz puts it, is “looking at us in a predatory sense.” Indeed, every utility executive knows that to reject an application for a load, even one load so large as to require new transmission lines or out-of-area imports, is to invite a major legal fight. “If you can afford 100 megawatts,” Bolz says, “you can afford a lot of attorneys.”
Bitcoin cloud mining can be a tricky thing to determine if it’s completely safe in the Bitcoin world, and if it is, will it be cost effective? The return on your investment can be longer than other alternatives such as buying and selling Bitcoin. This can be due to the fees involved, the time it takes to mine, the upfront costs and the value of Bitcoin during that time. The upside is that if the costs are reasonable, the cloud mining operation has good rewards and the price of Bitcoin rises, you will more than likely end up making a healthy return on your investment.
Bitcoin wallet addresses are case sensitive, usually have 34 characters of numbers and lowercase letters, start with either a 1 or a 3, and never use 0, O, l and I to make every character in the address as clear as possible. That’s a lot to take in. But don’t worry. What they consist of is largely irrelevant to you. Just know they’re a string of characters that denote a destination on the Bitcoin Blockchain.
Illiquidity. This is mostly moot due to Bitcoin’s $47 market cap but it still makes users sweat. It’s highly unlikely that Bitcoin’s price would plummet and you’d be unable to take action, but it’s still unsettling. As more investors invest, however, illiquidity becomes a negligible risk, as there will likely always be a buyer for Bitcoins waiting.
The place was relatively easy to find. Less than three hours east of Seattle, on the other side of the Cascade Mountains, you could buy electricity for around 2.5 cents per kilowatt, which was a quarter of Seattle’s rate and around a fifth of the national average. Carlson’s dream began to fall into place. He found an engineer in Poland who had just developed a much faster, more energy-efficient server, and whom he persuaded to back Carlson’s new venture, then called Mega-BigPower. In late 2012, Carlson found some empty retail space in the city of Wenatchee, just a few blocks from the Columbia River, and began to experiment with configurations of servers and cooling systems until he found something he could scale up into the biggest bitcoin mine in the world. The boom here had officially begun.
Transactions are verified by network nodes through cryptography and recorded in a public distributed ledger called a blockchain. Bitcoin was invented by an unknown person or group of people using the name Satoshi Nakamoto[9] and released as open-source software in 2009.[10] Bitcoins are created as a reward for a process known as mining. They can be exchanged for other currencies,[11] products, and services. Research produced by the University of Cambridge estimates that in 2017, there were 2.9 to 5.8 million unique users using a cryptocurrency wallet, most of them using bitcoin.[12]
Bitcoin stands to streamline the world’s unlawful trade. This is one of its four key drivers, providing an almost-perfect anonymity, untraceability and laundrability —…
Analog Equivalent Rights (21/21): Conclusion, privacy has been all but eliminated from the digital environment
Analog Equivalent Rights (18/21): Our analog parents had private conversations, both in public and at home
Peach on Analog Equivalent Rights (12/21): Our parents bought things untracked, their footsteps in store weren’t recorded
All original text on this site is under a Creative Commons Zero license ("public domain"). That includes any comments you submit. Syndicated articles that were first published elsewhere (clearly marked as such) are under the original license, typically a very permissive Creative Commons. Powered by Probewise.
Here at First Call/Express Truck Repair, we operate a full service, one stop shop that’s open 24/7. Need help? We provide 24-hour towing, recovery and road service. Some of our more popular repair services includes alignments, brake job, and new wheels for your big truck. That’s right, trucker’s love us, and we love them! We also do work on trailers, and when it comes to moving, our techs can handle load transfers, deliveries, and loading docks and other heavy equipment. If you have any questions, just ask us, we would be more than happy to provide you with a free quote.
We have two locations to better serve you throughout Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana. If you have a small, medium, or very large job, we offer heavy duty towing and everything in between. So if you need a tow, or have an emergency, just call First Call. The phone is always answered by a live person, there is no answering services to deal with. Our company is built on a two ring rule; we answer your call in two rings. The owner at First Call welcomes a customer's phone call, and wants you to be 100% satisfied when you leave our shop.
As a family owned business, we strive to treat you like family, and our customers really appreciate our excellent service, and great value. To help serve our truckers better, we have 8 bays and a fast lane that is drive thru. We have professional, certified drivers and mechanics. With over 40 employees to serve you and a fully staffed shop 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, we will get you in and back on the road in no time. So if you locked your keys inside your car, or if you had an accident and need complete recovery, here at First Call, we can assist you promptly. We look forward to serving you.
Did you know that besides repairing semi-trucks, we also do body work, motorcycle transport, and work on campers? That’s right, but that’s not all.
First Call is proud to be a family owned and operated business that has been serving the Tri-County areas of Ohio, Michigan, Indiana for more than 19 years! When you find yourself needing emergency roadside assistance, just give us a call because at First Call, we are “Steuben County's finest, we are your one stop shop!!
If you operate a truck, great news! We are here to serve the trucking industry and make a bad situation not so bad. We are here for Owner/Operators as well as Large Fleets. We serve Semi Truck/Trailer Drivers anywhere in the United States. If you are a customer traveling through our area on the Indiana/ Ohio Toll Road/ I-80/90 at the crossroads of I-69, we can help you! We also have a second full service shop conveniently located on Highway 49 in Edon, Ohio that is very close to the crossover between the Indiana and Ohio toll roads. We also provide towing and repairs at this shop.
Had a car trailer tire blow, they were able to mount a used tire I had and have us on the road in 10 minutes after being turned down by half a dozen shops.
Imani Energy, Inc. is a solar technology and installation company for your home or business. Imani is committed to creating high-demand training and jobs, products and services through the building and servicing of the rapidly growing green economy.
We begin by assessing your property to design the most appropriate and aesthetically pleasing solar array for you home, business or government buildings.
Imani Energy Inc., represents a unique way to bring solar power to the people. Imani's new paradigm starts with a demonstrated commitment to community and human transformation. Our company links concerns for environmental equity and care for our planet with a cutting edge private sector clean renewable energy venture. Imani is pointing the way to a new economy and doing it's part to ensure that the new economy includes people of color and low-income people as full participants. We believe our approach is good for the nation, economy and environment.
I wasn’t originally going to write publicly about this subject. It concerns some very painful memories over which I’m very sensitive. However after reading Ellis’ new book Dogged Days (which I review here http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2009/01/dogged-days-by-ellis-taylor.html) I found the matter I discuss below rearing its head with even more significance than before and the time has come to address it, to express it and to open it to “peer review” by HPANWO readers. In my review of Ellis’s book I refer to an incident which happened to me as a child in Green College. "Dogged Days had an effect on me that no other book has in that it triggered a forgotten, and possibly suppressed, memory of something very significant that happened to me at Green College, Oxford when I was 10 years old.” What that incident was occurred in about 1981 or 1982 when I was around 10 years old. Now that the memory of it has returned it’s reasonably vivid. I was at a wedding reception in the college hall and a friend of mine tried to commit suicide.
Green Templeton College is famous for its tower which used to be an 18th Century observatory. It is some 130 feet high and 30 to 40 feet across. Today it contains a viewing gallery accessed by a spiral staircase that runs around the walls. It has a hexagonal plan and is based on the Tower of the Winds in Athens. Here’s the college’s official site: http://www.ox.ac.uk/admissions/postgraduate_courses/college_guide/green_templeton.html . The dinner was over, the cake had been cut and the adults congressed round the bar while we kids ran about the place playing. We climbed up the stairs to the top of the tower and that’s when it happened. The boy involved had been acting perfectly normally up to that point. He was somebody I knew quite well and played with a lot. We were at the top of the stairs by the gallery when he suddenly went silent, stopped what he was doing, walked over to the banisters at the top of the staircase and climbed onto them. He threw one leg over as if he was about to jump off; as I said the tower is about 130 feet high! If someone did that today I would grab him and try to stop him, but I was too young to understand what was happening. Then someone, I think it was my dad, spotted what he was doing and shouted at him from the ground floor "GET OFF THERE!" or words to that effect. My friend seemed to snap out of it and climbed back down onto the gallery floor. When I asked him why he'd done that he got very irritable and said "Fuckin' shut up!" and wouldn't talk about it. I’d totally forgotten about the whole affair until Ellis’ book dug up the memory. Ellis says at the start of the book that Green College is “reputed to be an entrance to the Underworld”. This in itself is very significant in relation to the event which took place that day; what in my view is even more significant is the wedding that was being celebrated, especially the groom.
I can’t remember how Centaur (not his real name) came into the life of my family. But I remember him from a very young age. He seemed to be forever at our house. He always used to walk in without knocking or ringing the doorbell, the only person outside the family who’s ever done that. He had thick light-brown hair and always wore a bush-green woolen jumper. He was a keen musician and played the piano and recorder with my mum and dad. He was there all the time, every evening of every day, all day at weekends. He really had his feet under the table! He eventually got married and his was the wedding we went to at Green College. After that I thankfully saw less of him, but he was still on the scene. He and his new wife moved into a house just a few hundred yards away from ours. You see Centaur was abusing me. I can’t remember a lot of the time we were alone together, but I do recall feeling terrified like I’ve never felt before or since. I don’t know how serious the abuse was, but I remember him hitting me around the face, shouting and swearing at me. There was one incident where he did this in front of my parents and some of their friends. My parents just stood there like sheep and did nothing to stop him. Afterwards when we were alone they came to me and told me that Centaur regretted doing it, but I had been misbehaving and needed to be controlled. Yes, I had been misbehaving, but the way they used this to mitigate and almost justify Centaur’s actions baffles and disgusts me to this day. If anyone did to my own daughter what Centaur did to me… it would be the last thing they ever did, and I wouldn't give a damn if she’d spat on his head. It took me most of the next two decades to forgive my mum and dad for that. But forgive them I did; you see Centaur had some kind of psychological hold over them both. As far as they were concerned, he was God. What I saw as my parents’ weakness, their cognitive dissonance, their denial, was in fact something far worse. Centaur had them under a hypnotic spell! It reminds me very much of Stewart Swerdlow’s description of when he was being controlled by “Rosie 2” in his book Blue Blood, True Blood. My mum and dad were his puppets. I found out many years later that my dad had had a fling with Centaur’s girlfriend, the one he was with before his wife, but that cannot explain their devotion and obedience to him. Today I feel no anger for my parents, only pity. I see them in the same way I see Swerdlow. I just feel anger for Centaur. A few years ago I confided in a close friend about all this and he said: “Ben, do you want to sort him out? If you do I’ll help you. We’ll drive to where he lives and give him some of what he gave you.” I’m pleased to say I resisted the temptation. If I took revenge on Centaur I’d end up in jail, away from my own child, maybe for many years. I’d be cutting off my nose to spite my face. Also by taking revenge on him I’d be giving him the message that he still had power over me, the power to make me hate him and to act on that hate. It would be very empowering for him indeed. The greatest insult I can give to him is to not take revenge and to get on with my life irrespective of him. Making him irrelevant in my thoughts and in my life is a far worse kick in the teeth than a literal one would be!... Centaur? Centaur who?
I never saw Centaur for years until my mum’s funeral in December 2006. He turned up with his wife and kids, but he’s no longer a danger to me now; he’s in his mid 50’s and I’m bigger than he is now! What’s more even if I wasn’t, I’ve got dignity and nothing can take that from me. I never spoke to him or even looked at him. However I caught a brief glimpse of him at my mum’s graveside. As soon as the burial was over, of all the people who were there, my dad went straight over to Centaur and started talking to him sycophantically. My dad still takes on a strange ecstatic look in his eyes whenever he talks about Centaur or someone mentions his name. It seems Centaur’s power over my parents is still there. Nevertheless I’m glad to say that he now lives a long way away and I don’t think he has been to my dad’s house since the funeral. I still worry about my dad though and would be very concerned in Centaur ever tried to worm his way back into my dad’s life.
The one thing which I’ve never forgotten about Centaur was his eyes. There’s a saying that the eyes are the window of the soul. Well Centaur’s eyes were windows to nothing. They were electric blue and were blank, dead, like a corpse’s eyes or even a doll’s; no depth, no life, no consciousness. They looked like they were painted onto his face. It still makes me shudder when I think of it. When he smiled he looked like a robot smiling. He was a very charming and intelligent man, well-spoken. He was educated, a teacher of mathematics and music and my parents arranged for him to tutor me and my brother privately; one more foothold he had in our family’s life. He was also a computer expert and helped me set up my first PC, an old Sinclair ZX Spectrum. These so called “helping hands” he gave us were just one more exercise in his power over our family. He was popular and had a wide circle of friends; he was the centre of attention at every party. But he was emotionally very calm and even cold; nothing seemed to ruffle him. But, as I found out only too well, all that charm and sophistication hid a domineering, deeply violent and sadistic heart. This once again caught on my mind as I read Ellis’ book. In Chapter 4 of Dogged Days Ellis describes a visit to the Castle Hotel in Tintagel, Cornwall. The place has a peculiar atmosphere and Ellis’ meets a rather strange art-dealer. But the most interesting part is his description of the hotel staff. One of them has a “shadow-eyed but smiling mouth visage”. There was also a waitress in the cafeteria who is said to be “dead-eyed”. This really rings a bell with my own observations of Centaur.
Several different researchers have been talking and writing recently about people who are “not people”. Paola Harris and others speak of humanoid extraterrestrials, beings from other worlds who live among us without us knowing, but Paola’s description is of beings very like us in terms of thoughts, feelings and spirit. These aliens she talks about may be real and live among us, but I strongly suspect that the “not-people” are a different phenomenon altogether. Different researchers give them different names. David Icke uses the term “red dress” in reference to the woman in the red dress, a computer simulation of a human from The Matrix. Amitakh Stanford calls them “organic portals”; Ted Twietmeyer calls them “black-eyed beings”. They are all describing the same thing in my view. The central theme of these not-people (the term I shall use, for want of a better one) is that they are human in physical form, but do not have what is commonly referred to as “human consciousness”. And this leads to the question of what that means anyway. People like Richard Dawkins and others are constantly referring to human consciousness as a singular object, as if it is unique, ubiquitous and indistinguishable in all human beings. Maybe not all humans have the same kind of consciousness and that the term itself covers a multitude of different states of mind. The consciousness of the not-people is described in various ways, but the phrase “they have no soul” is a recurring one. Well, I don’t pretend to know what a “soul” is; nobody does. Philosophers have been debating that since Socrates and today even neuroscientists have drawn a blank. But for practical purposes the statement is still clear and simple: not-people have no feeling of “I-ness”, self-awareness or Cartesian being. What are they if they have no human soul? I don’t think any honest person can claim to know. I’m reminded of Matthew Delooze’s theory about an intelligence from a dimension beyond our own sucking energy out of this one (See links column, and: http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2008/10/breaking-serpents-spell-matthew-delooze.html) Beings from other dimensions may be able to take physical forms in the same way beings native to this one do; this idea is explored in the film The Mist (http://hpanwo.blogspot.com/2008/11/mist.html).
The research pages into the “black-eyed kids” usually talk of feelings of great repulsion and fear in folk who encounter these beings. It could be that the not-people are the Reptilians David Icke and others talk about. I met a woman last year who claimed to have known one of these beings and has written a book about her experiences (http://www.hiddenmysteries.com/xcart/product.php?productid=17312&cat=387&bestseller=Y). I’ll have to read it. If these phenomena are all the same thing then it’s obvious they appear differently to different people. Some can’t see anything amiss at all, others see them shape-shift into grotesque Reptilian humanoid creatures, some see people with eyes which are totally black (This is what David Icke claims to have seen when he met the former British Prime Minister, Edward Heath), some see Reptilians but only see the eyes change into snake-like eyes. But the most common aspect that people tell me personally is what Ellis’ reports: people with “dead eyes”. Eyes that look anatomically normal, but they lack some etheric quality that makes them “alive”. Science will tell you what eyes are literally; sense organs that have evolved to pick up electromagnetic radiation, and the frequency they can perceive is what we call “light”. But like many other body organs the eyes’ biological function is not their whole essence, which is clear when we hear catchphrases like “window of the soul” or “he died of a broken heart” or “lily-livered” or “she’s got guts, that one!”. I'm also fascinated by the concept of "Eye of Sauron" in Lord of the Rings as this all-seeing, overriding beacon of darkness. It could be that sometimes we achieve the psychic ability to see through the “window of the soul” into the house of the mind… and realize that there’s nobody home.
Along with fear and repulsion, witnesses also report that not-people with dead eyes tend to be very cold and emotionally dispassionate; they also commonly exhibit very antisocial and aggressive behavior. Paradoxically though, at the same time they are often described as people with a bizarre kind of attractiveness or magnetism, an ability to enthrall and enchant others. All this fits into what I felt during my relationship with Centaur. I’ve known one other person in my life with those kinds of eyes and she too exhibited these very same character traits. It’s not my intention here to demonize anyone who has these traits, nor would I advocate prejudging someone like that either, but I have a right to comment frankly on how another person’s behavior affects me.
When Ellis nominates Green College as an “entrance to the underworld” I’m not sure whether he means a physical underworld, in the form of Oxford’s many secret tunnels and catacombs, or an extra-dimensional underworld in the form of a stargate to another lower frequency Lovecraftian meta-hell. I’ll have to ask him when I see him. Is there a connection here between this alleged underworld entrance, Centaur and his bride choosing that location for their wedding reception and my little friend’s attempt to throw himself off the tower gallery? I’ve checked the archives of the local newspapers and there’s no evidence that Green College is a “suicide hot-spot”, but I’ve asked a friend of mine who works there as a butler (always an occupation adept at transmitting and receiving gossip!) to look into the matter privately and let me know if he hears any rumours.
Ab(soul)utely tremendous article Ben - thanks for sharing your story. I'm beginning to feel that there are are two types of people in the world - the 'living' & the 'walking dead' & with that latter their numbers seem to be increasing by the day!
I feel the time has come to bring into ordinary conversation the things we know but cannot prove - like your story.
I have spent a lifetime 'shut up' verbally because I could not explain the effect my mother had on me - words like energy vampire used to spring to mind - somehow she was all about death & her presence just seemed to suck the life out of me & my family - my father says with conviction that if he had not left her he would be dead now!
So how many of these dead or non people are there out there & how come they so often seem to be in positions of power. So far I have one yardstick with which to tell them, well apart from the 'eyes' & that is whether or not they have a sense of humour - a real one, not cutting remarks of a lot of todays so-called comedians.
Your title was quite amazing as have a book at home which I have been reading called the Eye of the Centaur by Barbara Hand Clow.
Forgot to say I had a look at eyes (amongst other things) in my lastest article if you felt like having a read sometime.
Ben-what a splendid-tremendous-incredible-thought provoking just amazing article this is! I am definitely going to save this to faves! You really have an ability as a writer to 'take a person there' I am so very sorry for 'Centaurs' involvement (thankfully past) in your life! It took a boatload of courage to write this and I commend you for it-I have often had thoughts along these lines-Centaur reminds me of one of my X's although not as terrifying a way-this person absolutely had to be the center of atttention at every conceivable affair you could imagine-it really irritated the 'f' out of me-but no one could see through it-and this after so many times when he would 'steal someone elses thunder' as they were telling a delightful or funny tale and also he borrowed huge amounts of USDs especially in the field of work we did from co-workers-did not pay any back more than not as far as I know-and was always always forgiven!! In one case the person who loaned the money could not pay their rent-I am just amazed how some people can literally 'get away with murder' and some cant even steal a candy bar without going to jail! Again wonderful article will read it again-great ability as a writer! I also so admire your protective attitude towards your daughter! Best as always from Mesa, Az!
ps-wise woman thankfully told me about this article-I would have seen it eventually-but as I link to so many sites maybe could have missed it! So another great and much appreciated heads up from wise woman!
Thanks for your comments. I'm just heading out to go away for a few days. Will be back on Wednesday. I'll read your comments in detail when I come home, if I don't have the chance before.
Mate, that is a fantastic article; one that I am sure was difficult for you to write but also one that you knew needed to be. Deep, soulful heartfelt and articulate; you’ve moved on up a way mate; maybe one day I’ll catch you up.
Thank you for acknowledging ‘Dogged Days’ and the part it has played in your healing and continuing realisations. I write to right; and one of my books’ primary roles is to shake off the chains that bind the memories of experiences that we didn’t understand. (Phew! I do rattle on.)
I'm going to have to re-read this, Ben, as it struck home, having had to grapple with unipolar depression & anxiety disorder in the past my(s)elf as well as one or two predatory psi-vamps, the latter of which the personage of Centaur clearly was in your life. Hey, "That which doesn't kill us only serves to make us stronger!", or some such oft quoted adage.
All right, I think I can be articulate now. So, psi-vamps, energy vampires, psychic vampires, thy name is none other than sociopath.
I'm well reminded of the Harvard psychologist, Martha Stout, and her highly acclaimed title, "The Sociopath Next Door: The Ruthless Versus the Rest of Us", which I bought repeat copies of & passed them out amongst friends who I'd known to have ALSO been thus victimised, in the hopes that her book could help to clarify certain things for us all, if not bring closure.
Although the despot in your life may have been christened 'Centaur' by you, Ben, a truly brutish, violent kind of man/animal hybrid, forget not that there was one whose name was Chiron, who gave his life to end the eternal punishment meted out on the Titan Prometheus by Zeus for bringing "fire" to humankind. This kindly exception to the rule has now been commemorated as the zodiac constellation, Sagittarius.
Also, the underworld wasn't always thought of as a land of perdition for the damned. The Hellenic culture, for one, had conceived of a positively paradisiacal place below ground, the Elysian Fields, and it appears that only after the advent of Christianity that Heaven, not an immortal eXistenZ on Earth, was thought of as the posthumous ideal to achieve.
Excellent writing, though, I must admit. You're fortunate to have broken free this particular Centaur's glamour. I'm only sorry for the misuse that you earlier sustained ~ Anadæ
The story has been told. I have met priests/catholic with similar peculiar traits. Truly men in black. What courage you have. David I's reptillian humans is a bit sci-fi for my sensibilities. But people of a dark nature are about. Is it that they have not seen the light or is it they cannot receive the light? What positive thing do they bring to the table? Perhaps our awareness of their existance is the lesson to be learned. Dennis from Oregon.
Hi again Ben-I just happened to find this tiny reference in a magazine Feb2007 issue of Fortean Times-sorry it is such a small reference but it reminded me of your thinking of certain places having an effect on people-on page 12 of 'sidelines'small bits from the news they do it says -A seat in the Oast House pub in Southport, Lancashire is being shunned after eight drinkers who sat there died last year-apparently the ref is from the Sun's 11 August 2006 editition-I have heard of the Sun before-do not know what kind of reputation it has-I will keep my eyes out for more things like this-I have seen more stories like this in FT and elsewhere. Best as always!
It's odd how we instinctively know something as a child and yet don't quite know how to put it into words. All the things I speak of here I kind of sensed even at the time it was happening. It's a terrible thing for a child to experience and when your parents are involved. It's a betrayal beneath anmything an adult can suffer.
I don't know how many not-people there are walking around. They seem to be quite common among powerful and Elite figures like senior politicians and aristocrats. Among the "Goyim" they don't appeaer to be common. I've known two in my life; hope I never meet any more.
The word "Centaur" is a very appropriate name for him because it weas probably the first cohearent thought I'd had relating to him. It came from the descriptions of the centaurs in the book The Silver Chair by CS Lewis "Not easily made merry or angry, but their anger was as terrible as a tidal wave when it came".
Sorry you were involved with such a person. There are many people out there I'd call, as WW does, "energy vampires". They are not the same thing as the not-people", but they are very draining and intimidating nonetheless. They do things like try to wind you up, especially in a social situation and seem to enjoy it when you get angry. It's quite liberating when you realize that you don't need people like that in your life. But it's true! They seem to get away with daylight robbery. This could be because they have developed such controlling tactics that they can sometimes overpower bosses, parents, partners etc.
I don't normally read FT. I used to, but then switched to Cadeuceus and then Nexus. FT is sometimes good, but occasionally it's Skeptically biased. It's become a bit establishment actually. However it's not as bad as Focus! Nevertheless, FT is occasionally graced with real gems. I'll certainly check out that reference.
Thanks. I've not read your Boudicca article, but I soon will. I've been planning an article about her myself, on a different theme to yours.
I'm so sorry you've been effected by these kinds of problems. Depression is a horrible thing. If you believe that psi-vampires are targeting you then there are steps you can take to protect yourself.
I love the title of that book by Martha Stout and may well pick up a copy. Although there's no "Centaur" in my life any more (I'd never permit it!) I do know individuals that I find very intimidating and abrasive. I've evolved strategies for dealing with them. I suppose it's good that I learned such a lesson, as you say "That which doesn't kill".
One method is the one I used with a troll on my forum (see links). I posted a reply that included a link to the video of the song "I'm Still Standing" by Elton John. Good old Elton, he can bash out a tune for any occasion!
Cheers mate. You know I think it was the way you yourself reveal your own life so courageously and openly that inspired me. I think if there is a connection between our stories then it needs to be told. I think by talking frankly about Centaur I've helped exorcize some of my demons.
Thanks for writing such an interesting and revealing book. I'm particularly grateful because it's a book that I found so personally resonant. I wonder how many other things I've forgotten that lie buried in my brain waiting for some unexpected catalyst to dig them up.
I think David's Reptile reference was simply his attempt to define a phenomenon that he didn't really understand at the time. He reported what people literally see: these Reptillian Humanoid spectres. Their apprearance in that form is just one of their manifestations. There's an interesting scene in one of Carlos Castaneda's books "Journey to Ixtlan" in which Don Juan shows him a stick on the ground that turns into a snake. He then makes the point that the object didn't "change" as such, it's just that he made Carlos see it differently. David's lizards are not literally lizards in the same way that a physical one is, it is our minds that make them appear so. I think in his more recent work, David is starting to realize this.
Green Templeton College, the newest college in Oxford, has started its Boat Club this past year with good results. It is a college of large enrollment, only graduate students, and with a great deal of recruiting potential.
Great article Ben,I had a similar experience watching the film Ghost for the first time. I accessed a suppressed memory of a series of incidents with entities pre and peri puberty. It would always happen as I was drifting off to sleep, I would become aware of whispering in the corner of the room. I wold try to ignore t but it would become louder but un-intelligable. I would by this point be wide awake and the noise which would be deafening would now be in my head. The entities would be in the darkest part of the room but I would be able to see them moving. The first time I cried out and my Father came rushing in, the light came on slowly to my eyes and I saw them disapear as the light overtook the dark. But their eyes will haunt me forever. Subsequently I always turned on my own bedside light because my Father believed I was dreaming. But as I have already stated, by the time the noise became unbearable I would be wide awake and terrified. Somewhere along the line I completely suppressed this memory and got on with the business of life. Then when a girlfriend insisted we go and see the film Ghost I was propelled back to those nights of terror when the demons came for Willie Lopez's damned soul. I have sp[oken of this to other people and have yet to meet anyone who has had a simlar experience. I have alsobecome quite adept at knowing who those peope are of which you speak of and have known more than my fair share.
Thanks, Guy. Glad you enjoyed it. Thanks for telling me about your own experiences with these shadow beings. I suspect that "people" like Centaur are connected to this phenomenon in some way. Hope you don't get troubled by these entities again. All the best. Ben.
Wonԁerful itemѕ from you, man. I've take into account your stuff previous to and you'rе juѕt tοo excellent.
I гeally like ωhat you've obtained here, certainly like what you're stating and the way thгough ωhich уоu assert іt.
Teeth Whitening Gels Previously acquiring teeth bleaching kits containing bleaching gel, you have to verify
the formulation has twenty-one particular % concentration and is carbamide peroxide based mostly. You can even use teeth whitening kits when you are on vacations or business trips.
A website dedicated to the latest news, views and reviews from the world of Government cover-ups, ghosts, UFO’s, Hospital Porters, paranormal investigation, cryptozoology, hidden knowledge, forbidden history and archaeology, chemtrails… and more Hospital Porters.
To join HPANWO or leave feedback please use the comments boxes or join the HPANWO forum. Hospital Porters and civilians are both equally welcome.
In this week’s video tutorial, the creator of the extremely popular s3Slider plugin will show you how to build a similar version from scratch.
This section provides links to posts and articles on civil procedure and evidence. There is an emphasis on sanctions and costs. Linking does not indicate approval or agreement but that all discussion on these issues is useful.
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution – New CPR Practice Direction 31C – disclosure and inspection in competition claims.
Herbert Smith Freehills – Court of Appeal upholds orders for litigation funders to pay costs on the indemnity basis in high profile Excalibur Litigation.
BLM Court of Appeal rewrites CPR to decide that Multi-Track allocation ends application of fixed costs.
Litigation Futures – PI claims that exit protocol “not subject to fixed costs” says CA PI claims that exit protocol “not subject to fixed costs” says CA
Charles Bagot of Hardwicke Chambers asks the (possibly rhetorical) question – Have you lost your appeal?
Gemma Witherington of Hardwicke – Don’t forget to plead mitigation!Don’t forget to plead mitigation!
The Law Society Gazette – “Moment of madness” solicitors struck off after appeal (about the duty of disclosure on ex parte applications).
Herbert Smith Freehills – High Court upholds arbitrator’s decision to award claimant the costs of third party funding.
Litigation Futures – High Court allows recovery of costs of arranging third-party funding. 13th September 2016
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution Blog – Service out of the jurisdiction where permission of the court is required
Hardwicke Professional Negligence Newsletter includes an article from Martyn Griffiths on Proportionality – the potential effects of a blunt instrument.
Legal Futures High Court upholds Legal Ombudsman order that firm repays most of the £37k contingency fees.
Litigation Futures on the Jamadar case Failure to serve costs budget limits claimant’s recovery to court fees in £3m quantum only dispute.
Litigation Futures – Top media firm unable to recover costs because CFA did not cover much of its work
Litigation Futures on the same case Court overturns Senior Cost Judge’s decision to slash ATE premium by 60%.
Litigation Futures – High Court overturns trio of cost judge rulings over “failing to advise properly” on CFA switches.
DWF Phantom passengers ordered to pay costs following a finding that their claims were fundamentally dishonest
Ravi Aswani asks An approved costs budget: a ceiling or a fix on costs recovery at the end of proceedings?An approved costs budget: a ceiling or a fix on costs recovery at the end of proceedings?
Herbert Smith Freehills – Court of Appeal considers appropriate costs order where claimant succeeded against some defendants but failed against others.
9 Gough Square reports that Gurion Taussig is successful in High Court Appeal on Part 36 costs case (The Lowin -v- Portsmouth case).
Litigation Futures makes a bid (probably successfully) for worst puns of the year with Crazy little thing called proportionality caused hammer to fall on Queen guitarist’s costs.
Lexology also enters the worst puns contest with Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Brian May costs case in basement row.
Andrew Hogan on Malkinson -v- Trim and the Sole Practitioner (just be ready for the music when you press on this link).
Herbert Smith Freehills on the Coyne case The price of changing experts: disclosure of privileged report
DWF ask What do latest signals from Jackson and Briggs on fixed costs and the Online Court mean for insurers?
Herbert Smith Freehills: Recent decision highlights costs risk in issuing a claim form which is not then served.
John Collins of Zenith Chambers considered cases relating to accidents in Scotland and proceedings in England in Over the Border
Justin Crossley of Zenith Chambers considered the Churchill case in Increasing Costs Budget – What constituted “Significant Development”?
Kerry Underwood considers the Webb Resolution case in Costs liability triggered on issue not service
Today, unusually, I am linking to posts about one case – Jones -v- Spire Healthcare on the assignment of CFAs.
John Hyde in the Law Society Gazette on High Court allows advocacy fees for case settled on the day.
Litigation Futures deals with the same case “No windfall in allowing barrister to claim fast-track advocacy fee.”
Colin Richmond of Zenith Chambers – Credit Hire – Defendant entitled to summary judgment when claimant could not establish need.
Litigation Futures – CA: judge wrong to move hire costs dispute from RTA process to small claims court
Walker Morris on Litigants in Person: Non-compliance, but can a claim proceed?Non-compliance, but can a claim proceed?
Herbert Smith Freehills on Recent decisions highlight potential disadvantages of making offers outside Part 36.
Litigation Futures on the Patience case in CA overturns costs order that penalised one party when other was also at fault.
Herbert Smith Freehills – Two Court of Appeal decisions show continuing tough approach to procedural failings.
Mark Briggs joins the contest to make puns from the Jockey Club case in Challenge to claimant’s Part 36 offer fails to make it out of the starting gate
Litigation Futures on the Sarpd Oil case Refusing to prove ability to pay costs is not a justified litigation tactic, says CA
Commercial Disputes Blog “Disproportionate” disclosure application denied in swaps mis-selling claim.
Herbert Smith Freehills on London Court considers burden of proof claims for breach of fiduciary duty.
Paul Darling QC Lord Dyson’s retirement is not premature and the attack on Rupert Jackson QC’s fees unfair.
Law Society of Scotland NQ Blog – Delegating a task or responsibility (as they pointed out you can always get someone to read this for you).
DACbeachcroft NHS LA succeeds in having £498k of additional liabilities disallowed in just two cases
Legal Cheek on We spoke to a top barrister about the effect of spiralling court fees on frontline legal practice
Rebecca Love Kourlis on 10 ways to reform the civil justice system by changing the culture of the courts
An American view (but has relevance generally) Court gives Plaintiff 21.5 million reasons for not spoliating Emails.
Litigation Futures Court of Appeal: LiPS can benefit from “without prejudice” rule without knowing what it means
Litigation Futures on the forthcoming rules on Part 36 and fixed costs in Court of Appeal to rule on interplay between fixed costs and part 36 offers.
Litigation Futures Government confirms 1 October 2016 as date for fixed costs in clinical negligence
The House of Commons Library on Civil legal aid changes since 2013: the impact on people seeking help with legal problems.
Litigation Futures on the Bristow case in NHSLA hit again with indemnity costs for refusing to mediate
The Law Society Gazette on the Ward Hadaway case in Judge says scheme to under-pay court fees was an abuse of process
On the same case Out-Law on Deliberately understating claim value to avoid higher court fees is an “abuse of process”, court rules
PJ Kirby QC and Ryan Hocking of Hardwicke ask Do general contractual principles apply to the making and acceptance of Part 36 offers.
Jasmine Murphy on the Ward Hadaway case in A wake up call for claimant litigators regarding issue fees
Litigation Futures on the Yentob decision Courts must consider “all the circumstances” before imposing Part 36 penalties.
Costs Barrister has a number of profound questions in Costs and the rule of law (prepare yourself for the background music).
Litigation Futures on Government decides against doubling court fee cap but gives green light to general increase.
Litigation futures on Supreme Court: no “material change” means no second application for relief from sanctions.
Elizabeth Repper on Mediation update: indemnity costs for unreasonable refusal to mediate and no dispute too intractable
Attain have a number of posts on budgeting, see, Budgeting basics #10 – The separate “rule” for interim applications.
Sue Fox of Clarion on Should the courts be able to interfere with costs budgets which have been agreed between the parties?
Litigation Futures on the Reid case in First ever ruling punishing losing defendant for rejecting offer of costs ADR
Matthew Arnold & Baldwin on the Abdulle case in The Court of Appeal will not readily interfere with a lower court’s reasonable exercise of discretion on strike out for non compliance.
Litigation Futures on the Property Alliance case in High Court: no litigation privilege for recordings of meetings where witnesses “deliberately deceived”.
Kerry Underwood on Jackson’s Children updated: Children, patients, costs and deductions from damages.
Litigation Futures on Defendant with counterclaim not entitled to benefits of claimant’s Part 36 offer.
Litigation Futures Court of Appeal rules third-party capture insurer still has to pay solicitors’ costs.
Tom Bell of Hardwicke Chambers on When does the clock start ticking? Limitation and the Privy Council case of Maharaj -v- Johnson
The Practical Law Dispute Resolution Blog reviews Papers from the Civil Procedure Rules 9 October meeting
The Association of Costs Lawyers report Rule committee agrees to divide bills that straddle Jackson reforms.
On the same point Litigation Futures Bar Council and ABI calls for permanent exemption from LASPO for insolvency cases
Litigation Futures on the Wilsons & Justs Costs case in Court of Appeal: costs judges have wide discretion over costs of Solicitors Act assessments.
Litigation Futures on the Rallison case Ruling on interim costs payment reveal judge’s proportionality concern
Litigation Futures on the Ong case – High Court allows limited separate representation of co-claimants.
“Proportionality is meaningless, incapable of sensible definition and therefore its imposition is arbitrary and unfair.” Kerry Underwood in Proportionality: has one judge had enough?
Litigation Futures on IPs hit back at Jackson: ending LASPO exemption would create “windfall” for third-party funders
Litigation Futures IPs hit back at Jackson: ending LASPO exemption would create “windfall” for third-party funders.
Litigation Futures on the BA case is High Court strikes out group action brought on behalf of 65,000 companies.
Litigation Futures on the Dorchester case in Statements made in open offer do not constitute admissions
The Association of Costs Lawyers on the Involnert decision in Judgments Act interest should not run until three months after decision, says High Court.
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution on New pilot schemes for Rolls Building claims issued on or after 1 October 2015.
Lucy McCormick on CFAs and the Cancellation of Contracts Regulations in Attack of the Zombie Regulations
Litigation Futures on the Hyde case in Firm validly switched client to CFA despite not serving LSC with notice of discontinuance
Litigation Futures on the Surrey case in Client did not give informed consent to move from legal aid to CFA, costs judge rules
Only part of this is publicly available, but you will get the drift from the opening, District Judge Law on A Lamentable tale of case summaries
Also on Legal writing, Bryan Garner in the ABA Journal on Good headings show you’ve thought out your arguments well in advance
Herbert Smith Freehills on Civil Justice Council recommendations for reform of Damages-Based Agreements (DBAs)
Anthony McCarthy on If you need a blog on court fees – I’m your man. (Be warned it starts “Some of the stupidest people I have come across are lawyers. Pompous windbags with no common sense usually photographed smiling smugly in front of shelves of law books they’ve never read”
Chris Dale on Judge Peck and former Senior Master Whitaker discuss e-Discovery v eDisclosure in the US and UK
Law Society Civil Litigation Section on “Insurer invokes ‘fundamental dishonesty’ to see off claims.”
Litigation Futures on the Kerins case in Law firm loses 50% of costs for hiding existence of second CFA and BTE
Some really good material from LexisNexis Comet, Paul Caddy on How to write legal documents that work: tip from top judges
Lexis Nexis dispute Resolution on Chancery Division: agreed extensions of time and sealing Tomlin Orders
Legal Orange on How to dupe a claimant where the claim is on the “blurred lines” of the small claims/fast track.
RPC Commercial Dispute Blog on Court confirms its wide discretionary power to extend time in consent orders.
Lexis Nexis Dispute Blog on the North Midland Construction case in High Court takes unforgiving stance on request for relief from sanctions.
Litigation Futures on the Royal Mail Group decision in Ruling casts doubt on PI lawyers’ model of recovering success fees from damages.
Andrew Hogan writes Fiat Justitia Ruat Caelum? (Which roughly translates as Andrew doesn’t agree with the decision in Coventry.
Litigation Futures on the Sarpd Oil case in Refusal to Demonstrate ability to pay costs is justified litigation tactic, High Court accepts.
A sorry tale from Legal Futures “Panicked assistant solicitor fabricated counsel’s advice and expert reports”.
Katy Sandel of Kitsons Solicitors on the recent decision of Michael Wilson & Partners Ltd v Sinclair & others [2015] EWCA Civ 744 in Relief from Sanctions
Herbert Smith Freehills on the New “gateways”for serving proceedings on defendants out of the jurisdiction at common law
Litigation Futures on the Davies case in Judge attacks insurers for tactics “redolent of an era which had begun to fade into history.”
The Injunctions Blog on High Court gives Guidance on the procedure for applying for an injunction in support of foreign proceedings.
Litigation Futures on the Cotch case: Time to banish “procedural squabbles” to keep costs proportionate, says senior judge
The Commercial Disputes Blog on New financial super court to further enhance London’s profile as a financial dispute hub.
Litigation Futures on MOJ: “Not our intention” that mesothelioma victims should use state compensation to fund court fees.
Chris Dale on Smailes -v- McNally again: relief from sanctions refused after serial eDisclosure failures.
Janna Purdie in Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution on Supreme Court considers interaction between adjudication and the Limitation Act 1980.
Litigation Futures on Judges can make significant changes to transcripts after giving oral judgments, High Court rules.
Practical Law Construction Blog on the Aspect Contracts decision Supreme Court rules on limitation period for challenging adjudicator’s decision.
Litigation Futures considers the BPE case in Trustee in Bankruptcy not personally liable for costs of previous appeals.
Harmans Costs Brief covers Crowdfunding, surcharges, judicial review funding and the guidelines for litigants in person.
Joanne Hastie of Zenith Chambers on a non-party may apply to set aside default judgment if they are “directly affected”.
The Solicitors Journal on Commercial Litigators are incurring costs over and above agreed budget levels.
Litigation Futures on the Heart of England case in “Suspicion and speculation” not enough to reduce medical negligence ATE premium
Litigation Futures on the Gallilford Try case in Coulson J lays down the post-Jackson law on late amendments.
Legal Orange on The Growing Problem of a lack of standing to bring a third party claim arising from insurance claims
Nicola Phillipson on Denton and delay: to what extent should delay impact upon an application to set aside judgment?
The Solicitors Journal consider a judge’s concerns that Practitioners avoid applications to vary costs budgets.
Richard Harrison provides a checklist for the less experienced expert witness in The inexpert expert
Litigation Futures on the Cashman case High Court overrules Senior Costs Judge on Part 36 uplift in detailed assessments.
Litigation Futures on the Chinnock case in Jackson: Lawyers must say “bluntly” if claim has no prospects of success.
Dominic Regan, writing in The new Law Journal considers percentage costs awards and Part 36 offers in The Litigation Lottery
The Law Society Gazette on the Chinnock case in Firm cleared of negligence over “robust” rejection of claim. (As ever the comments are worth a read).
Litigation Futures report on the James -v- Ireland case in High Court refuses 100% success fee because trial had not started
Litigation Futures on the Griffiths case in Judge fires costs warning in face of “documentary carpet bombing”.
The Law Society Gazette reviews the Procter case in Negligence appeal upheld over “commoditised” advice.
The Lawyer has a section by Addleshaw Goddard on New CPR Part 36: a clarification on offers to settle.
Legal Orange on The Diminishing Need for Instructing Costs Draftsman for disputes that fall into the value band of provisional assessment claims.
Commercial Disputes Blog on High Court considers iniquity exception for disclosure of privileged documents.
Litigation Futures reports on the XYZ case in Indemnity Principle argument fails to stop payment on account of costs in CFA case.
Interesting view on word count: Squished-together words don’t count as one, Federal Circuit says; appeal is tossed.
Bronia Hartley of Zenith Chambers on Costs Management, Proportionality & How the Courts will approach costs incurred across the 2013 divide
Litigation Futures reports on the Begum case in Jackson has mercy on claimant whose damages were wiped out by “swingeing” costs order.
Litigation Futures on the Zhunus case in High Court judge urges commercial practitioners to cut out the insults.
LexisNexis Dispute Resolution on Excalibur – more twists and turns and a sting in the tail for co-funders?
Nearly Legal looks at some of the loose drafting in the Pre-Action Protocol Claim for social landlords in Protocol Problems.
The Injunctions Blog note that Power of High Court Masters and District Judges to Grant Injunctions Significantly Extended.
Litigation Futures on the “Birdseye” case in Legal professional privilege was waived, High Court rules in probate dispute.
The Law Society Gazette on Court Fees,the decision not to proceed with judicial review and Keeping up the Fight.
Consumer Credit Litigation, Banking and Debt Collection Blog on Litigants in person… my worst nightmare
Simon Clegg of Park Square Barristers writes on the Ahmed case in Pleadings and putting to proof – an update.
Litigation Futures discusses the Weymont case in Appeal judges condemn district judge who failed to give any “adequate reason” for ruling.
Litigation Futures on the Hayward case in Those who settle claims with “eyes wide open” cannot revise them, appeal judges tell insurer.
Riverview Law (Heather O’Donnell) asks the question whether the increase in Court fees is a Deterrent to spurious claims or a barrier to justice?
Litigation Futures reports that Hunt goes on for costs budgeting case to reach Court of Appeal after Redfern settles.
Nicola Phillipson of Zenith Chambers on the Sloutsker case in Relief from Sanctions granted to Overworked Solicitor.
John Collins of Zenith Chambers gives the benefit of his extensive experience (he has been at the Bar since 1955) in Statements of Case – Advice mainly to beginners, but we can all learn.
Herbert Smith Freehills consider the Property Alliance Group case in High Court orders disclosure despite risk of prosecution for criminal contempt under US law.
Blake Morgan considers the Olswang decision in The High Court clarifies the jurisdiction of the court to substitute parties under the Civil Procedure Rules 1998
Litigation Futures writes on the Sloutsker case in High Court grants overlooked law firm relief from sanctions.
Andrew Venables of Park Lane Plowden writes on Re L: Practice guidance on bundles and translating documents
Andrew Hogan writes on the Dalton NIHL/Success fees case in Costs Barrister (even has backing music).
Triton have some important observations in relation to the increase in court fees and professional negligence in Money where your mouth is
Hogan Lovells consider the impact of the court fees increase in … And justice for all (who can afford it).
Herbert Smith Freehills write on the CIP Properties case in High Court highly critical of claimant’s costs budget
However Percival considers the Sugar Hut decision in Litigation: Conduct affecting a win and its implication on costs
Andrew Hogan of Ropewalk Chambers has a detailed review of costs in Costs 2015: Emerging Law and Practice
Herbert Smith Freehills report on the Teekay case in Proceedings can be served at UK establishment of overseas company despite claim not arising from that establishment.
Litigation Future report on the Davis case in Solicitor who “deliberately decided not to comply” with unless order denied relief from sanctions.
Walker Morris Disputes Matter for Spring 2015 covers costs, witness statements, penalties (not the football kind) and judicial review
Litigation Futures on Judge expresses anger at “flagrant non-compliance” with Commercial Courts rules on pleadings
Litigation Futures on Law Firms need to rethink approach under “fundamental dishonesty” rule barristers warn.
Legal Orange on A hint for insurance companies insisting upon assignment agreements as a condition of settlement
Hardwicke Chambers on Permission for second appeal to CoA secured: Second actions and abuse of process post Mitchell
There have been many, many articles about “on-line” dispute resolution. Chris Dale asks “Can the MOJ deliver”?
The Law Society Gazette review of the first date of the Coventry case Supreme Court defendants slam “grotesque” costs regime.
Litigation Futures reports that Rule Committee raises bar for parties wanting to transfer cases to London.
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution on Costs budgets: 3 considerations when deciding what is a contingent budget
Out-Law.com report Court of Appeal: conditional fee agreement with consumer unenforceable if notice of right to cancel not given
Janna Purdie, writing in Dispute Resolution, on Determining the credibility of a witness (Excelerate -v- Cumberbatch)
Just Costs Blog win the bad pun of the month competition with Appealing the assessment of a budget? You’ll Havenga difficult job.
Litigation Futures reports Lord Neuberge’s views that Lack of fixed costs for all fast track cases: “more than disappointing”
Colemans (with the aid of an inappropriate gavel) comment on Mental Incapacity and a solicitor’s retainer
The RPC Financial Services blog consider: Injunctions: hearsay evidence and dissipation risk considered
DWF Insurance Brief includes section on the increase in court fees; when is an expert not an expert?; Jackson in action: case law
Civil and Commercial Costs Lawyers January update covers post Jackson recoverability of ATE premiums in clinical negligence claims and “Proportionality – the new king”
Litigation Futures on the Blankley case: Solicitor’s retainer not “impossible of performance” because client loses capacity, appeal judges rule
Nichola Phillipson of Zenith Chambers on Applications to allow service of Claim Form by alternative method/place – Explain your “Good Reason”
Start of a trio of articles from Hardwicke Chambers – Sarah Venn on Top tips for dealing with documents the signatory cannot read
Keith Hetherington provides useful links on this issue and also asks for people to contact him to assist him with discussions with the Law Society.
Walker Morris have a briefing in the Lawyer – What to do if you can’t serve documents on the other side in the usual way.
Litigation Futures writes on the Baker Tilly case in “No proper justification” for challenge based on draft judgment
Chris Bryden and Michael Salter view the issue of procedural default in the employment tribunal in About Time?
Julian Allsop reviews the same issue in Unless Orders and Relief from Sanctions in the Employment Tribunal
Sarah Speller writes on Litigation & Arbitration: top things you need to know. November/December 2014.
My colleague Frances Lawley writes that Help for Litigants in Person with Relief from Sanctions shoudl be given only “at the margins”.
Litigation Futures on the Vestergaard case in High Court bats away challenge to privilege of ‘without prejudice’ costs letters
Chris Dale again on Smailes -v- McNally: eDisclosure Consequences of failure to comply with a clear Unless Order
Herbert Smith Freehills write on the Smailes case Court of Appeal finds clear breach of unless order for e-disclosure
The Telegraph on how a complainant gave evidence for an hour before anyone realised she wasn’t speaking English
Bindmans have produced an example of a Notice of Appeal and Skeleton Argument for an appeal to the Supreme Court
The New Law Journal reports that the Supreme Court is to here another case on sanctions in Mitchell Legacy Under Review
The Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution Blog has an article by Janna Purdie – The pitfalls of settlement in a multi-party action
The Law Society Gazette on the A-B case in Judge urges reform of “inadequate” Court of Protection Rules.
Legal Cheek on Irate Lord Justice Jackson uses Court of Appeal Judge to Issue Lawyers with Student-Style Skeleton Argument Tips
The Law Society Gazette reports on the Group M case in Judge takes £2,240 off costs bill for late submission.
Litigation Futures on QOCS does not apply to PI cases started pre-LASPO (which is a slightly misleading title, but the article gives the correct definition).
Litigation Futures report that Careless personal injury firms leave themselves open to solicitor “cannibals”
I have already blogged about High Koch’s analysis of reducing the stress of litigation for claimants in Stress test
Bronia Hartley of Zenith Chambers writes on Applications to extend time to serve a respondent’s notice – Mitchell principles apply
Herbert Smith Frehills consider the CIP Properties case in Court has discretion to order costs budgeting in cases falling outside mandatory regime
Herbert Smith Freehills on the Mitchell decision and the court’s approach to admitting evidence of “similar facts”
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution Blog reviews recent limitation cases in Time’s up: limitation challenges
The Supreme Court of Victoria has a speech by the Hon Marilyn Warren AC, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Victoria The Litigation Contract: The future role of judges, counsel and lawyers in litigation.
My colleague Mark Henley writes on “Asbestos, recoupment of compensation, and the Pneumoconiosis (Workers’ Compensation) Act 1979″
Catherine Duffy of Zenith Chambers writes on the Butler case in Relief from Sanction – Without a Formal Application
The Solicitors Journal has an interesting article on experts and 15 years of the Civil Procedure Rules
The Professional and Financial Risks Blog considers the implications of the Excalibur decision in Who Dares Pays
The Barristers’ Hub on the Alton case in Permission to file a respondents’ notice out of time not prevented by Mitchell
The Solicitors Journal reviews the consequences of the Excalibur case in Professional Funders have no control over their investments
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution Blog has a chain of tweets and a series of useful points for District Judge Besford and Ken Corness on Costs Budgeting in Practice
The Unwashed Advocate warns against showboating advocacy in Trial Techniques: first we piss off the judge.
Jeffrey T Shapiro & James Morrey-Jones examine how law firms should budget for e-discovery post-Jackson in Finding your way
Post-Jackson could individuals wronged by Wonga secure access to the court at a reasonable cost, asks David Greene in Compensating the Consumer
Senior Costs Judge: bids for adjournments based on Coventry receiving “short shrift” reports Litigation Futures.
Walker Morris, writing in the Lawyer considers the C0-op -v- Phillips case in Power of the Courts to Override an express costs clause in a mortgage
International Law Office on the Northrop case in Defendant that unreasonably refused to mediate escapes costs penalty
Mills & Reeve Technology Law update has an interesting post on summary judgment in patent infringements in Appeal Court shows its bottle
Legal Orange has typically insightful views when he expresses his Sympathy for Defendant Costs Draftsmen
The Lawyer has a link to an Addleshaw Goddard article on Protecting Confidential Information in Proceedings
Elizabeth Repper writes on the Northrop case in TCC decides unreasonable refusal to mediate but for other reasons imposes no costs sanction
Chris Dale considers the Southwark case in AA v Southwark – local authority’s non-disclosure rounds off an appalling story
Nearly Legal considers a number of oddities in litigation (any litigators and litigants in … should auld acquaintance
This is an American article but very relevant where a judge states discovery disputes are a cry for help
DB Family Law looks at issues relating to mediation and a civil case in Mediation and Family Remedy Proceedings
Kerry Underwood on the same theme (with a different viewpoint) in Fixed Recoverable Costs in all Civil Cases up to £250,000
Thackray Williams reports on the PGF case in Judge asks parties to a commercial dispute to mediate at the first opportunity.
The Law Society Gazette considers the Evans -v- Royal Wolverhampton case in High Court refuses withdrawal of settlement offer
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution have a summary and copy of a speech Master Gordon-Saker provides view on costs issues
Liz Repper considers the Northrop case in TCC decides unreasonable refusal to mediate but for other reasons imposes no costs sanction
Litigation Futures also considers the Evans case in High Court: reasons for withdrawal of part 36 offers must be disclosed
Litigation Futures on the Hockley case in Denton and Mitchell have “profound importance” for default judgments.
Litigation Futures discusses the Northrop case in Unreasonable refusal to mediate cancelled out by other side’s failure to beat offer.
The Justice Gap discusses changes to Debt Collection Practices in The End of the Road for Civil Recovery
John Hyde, writing in the Law Society Gazette, reviews the Long case and argues that the Denton Backlash begins
The Young Legal Aid Lawyers Group has a useful summary of developments in legal aid in Legal Aid News.
Andrew Hogan in Cost Barristers takes us through the rarified world of Assessment of Costs in the Supreme Court
Withers on the equally rarified New International Arbitration Rules coming into force on the 1st October
Bitter Lawyer gives us 10 funny judicial quotes. I can’t resist ” Manifestly, any person with even a correspondence-course level understanding of federal practice and procedure would recognize that Defendant’s Motion is patently insipid, ludicrous and utterly and unequivocally without any merit whatsoever…. Defendant’s obnoxiously ancient, boilerplate, inane Motion is emphatically DENIED. Moreover, Defendant’s present counsel-of-record, Mr. [redacted] is determined to be disqualified for cause from this action for submitting this asinine tripe”
Kennedy’s Liability Brief covers a whole host of matters including QOCS, instructing experts, Part 36 and interim payments.
My colleague Bronia Hartley, writing on Zenith Personal Injury Blog, reviews changes to the rules relating to child and patient settlements coming into force on the 1st October
Angelina Milon of Anthony Gold solicitors. writing in Lexology, considers Have efforts to reduce costs ended up costing more?
Herbert Smith Freehills report that Jackson Reforms to apply to Insolvency Proceedings from April 2015
Gemma Witherington of Hardwicke Chambers looks at proposed amendments to Part 36 in Part 36: All Change Please
Litigation Futures has a different take on the Marley case in Supreme Court forces barristers to waive success fees
I am plugging my own interview on the Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution Blog Proportionality and Indemnity Costs.
Stephen Bishop of 36 Bedford Row on “You want to check when a document was created or printed without evidence of fraud” (You may have to scroll down for this I cannot link to the specific article.
Litigation Futures considers the JE case in Jackson slaps down bid to introduce one-way costs-shifting in certain appeals
RPC considers issues relating to amendment of statements of case after expiry of the limitation period in Turning the Clock Back
Richard Moorhead considers the implications of the Brett case in Brett doesn’t win on a technicality.
Crispin Winser of Crown Officer Chambers asks if you have an order for indemnity costs does the costs budget go out of the window?
District Judge Robert Jordan considers powers to sentence problematic litigants in Disorder in Court
Legal Futures reviews the implications of the Brett case in considering the Nightjack case and how breaches of the duty to the court can lead to exemplary punishment.
Litigation Futures consider a Part 36 issue in Claimant trapped by Part 36 offer varied after time for acceptance.
The Abbey Tax Blog considers sanctions in the Tax Chamber in Tribunal Bars HMRC from taking further part in appeal
Tom Snelling and Kim Sofronia of Freshfields Bruckhause Derringer consider whether the Witness Statement is an Endangered Species in the Commercial Court.
Helen Bell, writing in the the New Law Journal, assesses the effect of Denton in Back to Square One.
Sterling Costs on Recoverability of Success Fees and Insurance Premiums – Has primary legislation let claimants down?
Paul Edwards and Jamie Clarke consider the Wagenaar decision in What are the Benefits of One Way Costs Shifting
David Kirwan, writing in the Solicitors Journal, states Judges are wise but they need to be savvy too
Nearly Legal consider the cost implications in The Co-operative Bank -v- Philips in You’ve got absolutely nothing out of this
Sue Nash, writing in the Law Society Gazette, argues that a Dose of Realism is needed on Hourly Rates
Andrew Hogan, costs barrister, discusses the recent issue on hourly rates in The Chimes at Midnight.
Litigation Futures reports on the Kellie case in Judges at Odds over relationship between budgeting and indemnity costs.
Litigation Futures considers the Yeo case in High Court grants relief from sanctions after solicitor “misread” CPR
Forbes ponders on the significance of the Mohun-Smith decision in Courts not persuaded to set aside judgment following a failure to act promptly
Interesting Question posed by Courtswell Jotwell – Why Isn’t Civil Procedure an Academic Subject in the UK ?
Jasmine Murphy writing for Hardwicke Chambers website on the importance of Ex Tempore Judgments – Did you Know
International Law Office consider issues of amendment and limitation in Turning Back the Clock: bringing a new claim that would otherwise be statute barred
DWF consider whether Insurers should still pay success fees and ATE Premiums after Coventry -v- Lawrence
Hill Dickinson considers the practical consequences of the Wagenaar case in Defendants should think Twice before seeking indemnity and contribution.
Walker Morris write on the dangers of refusing to mediate in Time to be reasonable: engage with your opponent
ABG Law have a Guidance Note on the Recoverability of Success Fees and ATE Premiums in Insolvency Cases.
Herbert Smith Freehills discuss the implications of the Rawlinson case in Court of Appeal finds waiver where privileged document provided for inspection and mistake not obvious
Nearly Legal writes on the decision of the Supreme Court in Coventry (a lot to do with success fees) in Extremely Loud and Extremely Close.
Kerry Underwood’s blog provides details of Guideline Hourly Rates following the rejection of the proposals by the Master of the Rolls
The Law Society Gazette gives a surprising (or perhaps not surprising) statistic that one-third of litigators are not Mitchell proof
Lexis Library considers issues of limitation, date of knowledge and the section 33 discretion in Noise Induced Hearing Loss Limitation
Lexis Nexis has the extremely useful 5 tips to avoid breaching court rules, practice directions and orders.
Kennedys Insurance Brief July 2014 contains a review of several important cases relating to procedure.
Kerry Underwood has to extend the English Language to describe his view of the Denton/Mitchell debacle in Superomnishambles in the Court of Appeal
My colleague Andrew Wilson considers the Supreme Courts comments on success fees and ATE premiums in Money Changes Everything
Litigation Futures reports that the Supreme Court observations on recoverability of success fees and ATE premiums may trigger compensation claims.
Rachel Rothwell explores the advantages of having mastery of costs budgeting in Budgeting some common assumptions
Wigapedia seeks divine inspiration in relation to the law of sanctions in A Reading from the Book of Mitchell
Proof that problems with civil procedure are universal as a retired judge in the USA Change afoot in American Civil Justice System
There is a debate between Legal Orange and myself in the comment section of the blog Denton – a return to unless orders
Chris Dale reviews the changing landscape in the law relating to sanctions in Letting the Punishment Fit the Crime
Elizabeth Darlington, in her own blog, reports on Judge Gosnell’s talk on Jackson to members of the North-Eastern Circuit
David Chalk Writing in the Solicitors Journal reminds us that the general law is not always applicable in civil procedure
Herbert Smith Freehills writes that the High Court has ruled that Mitchell applies to late applications to challenge jurisdiction.
Herbert Smith Freehills also reports on the Rochester case in “Opening shot” protected by without prejudice privilege.
Litigation Futures reports Mr Justice Ramsey’s speech: Extension of QOCS the key to the “true Jackson”.
John Collins of Zenith Chambers, writes about the admissibility of expert reports in Looping the Loop in Accident Evidence
Bronia Hartley of Zenith Chambers reviews an important rule change in The Court can now Allocate a case against the Parties’ will
John Hyde, writing in the Law Society Gazette, asks, of the Denton decision, Where’s the Apology for the Mitchell Chaos?
Richard Barr doubts whether costs budgeting reduces the costs of litigation in Surely You Can’t be Serious
Irwin Mitchell’s view is that Failure to advise on legal cost insurance options could spark potential litigation claims
The Association of Costs Lawyers considers whether the Americhem ruling may Open the Door For Cost Lawyers
Alex Bagnall writing for LawLords considers the Americhem case in Failure to Properly Certify a Costs Budget not Fatal
MCMS blog considers the problems caused by Mitchell in Adjudicators determining party-party costs in ajudication
Today’s Conveyancer considers the Singh -v- Singh case in Property Transfer Dispute goes to High Court.
Eversheds look (secretly of course) at the problem of litigating when industrial secrets are at risk of disclosure
Manchester Law Society publish a note from District Judge Hassall on Costs Budgeting and CAT Claims and Manchester Civil Hearing Centre
Litigation Futures reports on the Civil Justice Council’s working group to keep Jackson reforms under review.
Litigation Futures also reports that Costs budgeting is unlikely to tame Commercial Court case costs
Hugh James have an interesting review of topics in Costs Budgets, Inheritance Act Claims and Mitchell
Richard Langley, writing in the New Law Journal, considers issues of hourly rates and procedure in The Simple Approach
Nicholas Bacon QC has written a guide to the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013
Litigation Futures comments on the most recent Newlands case in High Court grants relief despite deliberate and non-trivial breach
Outer Temple Chambers have an article on Experts’ Literature – an undervalued resource? (Particularly note the comments about experts and Mitchell).
Not all are directly relevant to the UK, however the Lawyerist Ten Practical Tips for Effective use of retained expert witnesses has some interesting observations
I like the brevity (and accuracy) of the title of Steven O’Sullivan’s article on sanctions in the New Law Journal Comply or Apply
Simon Ross of Zenith Chambers reviews the implications of the recent Court of Appeal hearing on sanctions in It’s not just good: it’s exceptionally good
Walker Morris have Tips for dealing with Post Jackson Litigation in House (see the useful checklist)
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution ponders the sanctions cases heard by the Court of Appeal in the three “Mitchell” cases.
The Law Society Gazette poses the question Does Chartwell redress the perceived imbalances of Mitchell
Sara Benbow of Hardwicke Chambers reviews issues relating to Property Mediation in the post-Jackson and the Mitchell World
Litigation Futures considers the Americhem case in Precedent H Irregularity does not render it a Nullity.
John Hyde, writing in the Law Society Gazette, reports on the first day of the Court of Appeal hearing on sanctions in Battle Lines drawn at CofA in Mitchell Triple Header
Law Less Ordinary informs us of the launch of the consultation process on the personal injury protocol
Litigation Futures looks at the Decadent Vapours case which is to be considered by the Court of Appeal next week.
Harmans review relief from sanctions – a year on from Mitchell (although Mitchell was in November last year more accurately it is eight months).
Litigation Futures reports on the difficulties in obtaining success fees in cases involving children.
Pannone report on a case where a refusal to engage in mediation led to indemnity costs being awarded
Litigation Futures reports that cost lawyers are being advised to review their insurance in the light of Mitchell
Herbert Smith Freehills have a review of their recent articles dealing with recent litigation developments
The Law Society Law Management has a review of the practical significance of the Hallam Estates case.
Staying with the Gazette it identifies the three cases where the Court of Appeal is to consider the Mitchell principles
John Hyde, writing in The Law Society Gazette considers the rules allowing extensions as a good day for common sense
Legal Orange considers mixed messages from the bench as to whether Mitchell applies to setting aside default judgments.
The third segment from Legal Orange in passing on a message from District Judges about Mitchell, Costs Budgeting, Infant Settlement and provisional damages claims.
Jack Harding, writing in PI Blawg, looks at Service of Supplementary Witness Statements in a post-Mitchell World
Andrew Hogan considers questions relating to the issue of a second set of proceedings in Biting the cherry.
There is a whole batch of procedural cases considered in Clyde & Co’s Insurance and Re-insurance weekly update.
Thirty Nine Essex Street has a “sanctions update” page. James Todd reports on the case of Vassell and a case where a claimant was refused permission to amend pleadings to change mechanism of the accident.
Want to see what would happen if Wigapedia moved to Singapore. Read Lawyer 101: Guide (includes “Some users feel that choosing a lawyer is as important as choosing a spouse. Of course, that is ridiculous. It is far more important to choose the right lawyer. After all, your spouse will not save you from bankruptcy or a death sentence.”) (Useful link from Roll on Friday).
Rachel Rothwell, writing in the Law Society Gazette suggests that the government should fix the courts rather than pushing ADR
Ontime group report on QOCS and fundamental dishonesty (a review of a recent case on QUOCs protection).
Hill Dickinson consider fraudulent claims in the commercial court (with interesting observations about witness evidence)
Mills & Reeve have an interesting view of the state of civil procedure in Jackson: if only the court would answer the phone
Clyde & Co’s weekly update on reinsurance contains reviews of several key procedural cases and developments
Ian Miller, again writing in PI Blawg, writes on the Stoute case in Rescued from an error of procedure
The New Law Journal muses whether the Hallam cases gives Rise to hope for litigators from the court.
Herbert Smith Freehills report that Jackson LJ confirms his reforms do not require courts to refuse reasonable extensions
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution have a summary of the CPR Committee Open meeting held on the 2nd May.
Litigation Futures reports on the Brett -v- Colchester case in High Court wrong to say that Mitchell applies to default judgments says judge
John Hyde writing in the Law Society Gazette reports on the Hallam Estates case in Jackson rules that J High Court erred in refusing more time
Parabis and Greenwoods Legal Watch, includes several procedural developments relating to Part 36 and witness evidence
Litigation Futures reviews the Hallam case in straightforward applications for time extensions not subject to Mitchell
Litigation Futures considers the Finglands Coachways case in High Court issues proportionality warning
The Association of Cost Lawyers has a review of the key points of its annual conference in Fit for the Future
Zenith Chambers discusses the Integral Petroleum case in Service by e-mail valid where no agreement made
John Peysner has produced a paper for the Civil Justice Council on the impact of the Jackson Reforms.
James Bickford Smith of Littleton Chambers reviews the County Court Changes – a practical view from the Bar.
Litigation Futures considers the new rules on agreeing extensions of time in Buffer Direction to come into force next month.
Harmans discuss the courts power to order interest on costs in Interest on costs including pre-judgment interest
Inside Counsel on Why budgets are outside counsel’s best friends (it is coming here now so cannot be ignored).
A boost for the provinces (and needless to say the brilliant provincial Bar) as litigators are told to justify issuing cases in London
Very close to the issues I raised in the post on procrastination is the article on dealing with depression in law firms a world first
Wigapadia, writing in Legal Cheek, has a useful summary on “Mitchell and the breakdown of meaning” : a succinct and accurate summation of the legal principles that flow from Mitchell.
Wedlake Bell review the law of sanctions in Witness Statements Deadlines – miss it and you may miss out
Harwicke Personal Injury Newsletter contains a number of matters that deal with Mitchell. You can also sponsor a (very brave or very foolhardy) swimmer.
Kerry Underwood writes on Extending QUOCS (any piece that starts “If you thought that there was little scope for the Jackson reforms to become ever more chaotic, then read on and think again” has got to be worth reading).
Clyde & Co Insurance Perspectives 2014 has a perceptive piece on Mitchell and its significance for insurers
Andrew Hogan is no slouch. His piece on QUOCS and Part 36 was on his blog as soon as he delivered it at the Association of Cost Lawyers annual conference.
John Hyde for the Law Gazette discusses the proposals to bring in fixed fees for reports in RTA’s in Fixed fee whiplash reports proposed
Catherine Duffy of Zenith Chambers discusses the effect of two trivial breaches on an application for relief from sanctions in The wrath of mitchell continues.
Vijay Ganapathy considers the cases following Mitchell and the effect on PI lawyers in the Solicitors Journal Personal Injury Update
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution have details of Birmingham Civil Justice Centres note as to consent orders to vary directions
Kluwer Competion Law Blog considers whether changes to the rules means more collective actions are on the way.
Legal Orange continues with a series of war stories You can’t blame Mitchell and Grayling for Everything
Herbert Smith Freehills review the Kaniera case in High Court finds Mitchell does not apply to an in-time application
Wedlake Bell rightly emphasise the importance of time limits in Witness Statement Deadlines – Miss it and you may miss out.
Keith Etherington has a series of slides available from his talk at the recent Law Society Civil Justice Conference
Vilma Vodanovic, of Zenith Chambers discusses the changes governing the statement of value which should be included in claim forms at Misprint in the White Book ?
Vilma Vodanovic, of Zenith Chambers considers the changes to the statement of truth which has to be given on a Precedent H in New Precedent H- Costs Budget
David Johnson considers the impact of Jackson for the Solicitors Journal in Prepare for impact: fallout from jackson
Masood Ahmed considers the case of Samara -v- MBI & Partners for the Law Society Gazette at Civil Procedure: New Regime
Thursfields LLP considers the case of Cooper -v- Bank of Scotland Plc and relief from sanctions in insolvency cases at their Insolvency Update April 2014
WrightHassell consider procedural changes to the county courts and relief from sanctions in Possession Claims in the County Court – what has been catching lenders out ?
Herbert Smith Freehills consider the case of Chartwell at Court of Appeal Upholds Grant of Relief from Sanction when no good reason for non-trivial breach
Bronia Hartley of Zenith Chambers considers the implication of the Wain -v- Gloucester case in “one for the relief granted file“
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution reports on 5 ways to avoid common errors made by lawyers when arranging litigation funding
Lexis Nexis also reports on 5 top tips for litigators to get the best litigation funding deal for their clients
The New Law Journal reports on the Chartwell case in Robust and Fair Case Management decisions endorsed by the Court of Appeal
Some people may think that there is a large element of wishful thinking in the Law Society Gazette’s article The end of the Mitchell Story? (although there is question mark at the end of the title).
Litigation Futures comments on the Wain case in one day delay in filing costs budget irrelevant says judge
The Law Society Gazette discusses the case of Wain v Gloucester County Council and relief from sanctions in Budget Delay “Trivial” Rules High Court
The Law Society Gazette considers the effect of the Jackson reforms in PI claims will return to pre-accident Jackson levels – defendant firm
Rebecca Taylor considers the case of Chartwell and automatic sanctions in Witness statements must be served on time or automatic sanctions bite
St Johns Chambers provides have provided a helpful guide to the Single County Court and changes to the CPR in The Single County Court and Changes to Civil Procedure
Helen Dewdney considers the considers the consequences of the rise in small claim fees and provides alternatives and tips in Small Claims Court Fee Rise
The Press Gazette has a report about a document exhibited to a witness statement becoming public and available for inspection.
My colleague Colin Richmond considers some dangers on costs budgeting on the Zenith PI Blog in “Blowing the Budget“
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution considers the new power of county courts to grant freezing injunctions
Laker Legal put forward the, possibly controversial, assertion that Practitioners should know the Civil Procedure Rules
Waltons & Morse LLP discuss What does Jackson and Mitchell mean for insurers involved in litigation in England
Litigation futures considers the implications of the Chartwell case in CA returns to the Mitchell fray with support for first instance judges- and a warning for them too
Out Law. Com considers the Civil Procedure Rules Recent statement in Higher value commercial cases will not be brought into costs regime retrospectively, says rule committee
Berrymans Lace Mawer consider the case of Canning v Network Rail Infastructure and Witness Statements in Canning v Network Rail Infastructure
Plexus Law and Greenwoods Solicitors consider cost budgeting and and case management by the courts in Legal Watch – Whats on the Horizon
The Law Gazette considers whether the post jackson litigation enviroment is pushing PI firms towards Abitration over the courts in Arbitration in PI: A Signal To The Judiciary?
A Plexus Law and Greenwoods Solicitors legal watch considering post Jackson/Mitchell cases Legal Watch : Personal Injury
Litigation Futures allays the fears of commercial litigators in Rule Committee allays concern over unintended consequenecs of costs budgeting extension
Parklane Plowden has a summary of sanctions cases in From Relief from Sanctions to Sanctioning Relief
Morrish & Co have a review of the Jackson Reforms (and conclude that they are a “national disgrace”).
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution considers whether Exemptions in amended CPR 312. will apply in all courts.
Chris Dale uses his tribute to former Senior Master Steven Whitaker as an opportunity to review developments in procedure and e-disclosure as a whole (and emphasise the importance that Master Whitaker played).
The Lawyer carries an interesting piece on security for costs (and costs budgeting_ (£6.25 million to defend a £300,000 claim).
Kerry Underwood writes how the restriction of lawyers’ powers are paving the way to a totalitarian state
James Bickford Smith of Littleton Chambers discusses recent case management decisions in Controlling the process: a view from the bar
Crown Office Chambers have a brief piece on the Court of Appeal refusing the appeal against granting relief from sanctions in Chartwell
Jackson Parton have a piece Jackson’s reforms and relief from sanctions – where are we now and where are we going?
Keoghs has the second issue of its Civil Litigation Review for 2014 (covers procedure, costs and relief from sanctions).
12 KBW carry a short piece on the unsuccessful appeal against relief from sanctions being granted in Chartwell
My Colleague Justin Crossley, writing in the Zenith PI Blog, writes on proposed changes to theCPR on extensions of time in Reasons to Resume its seat (I don’t understand the title either, but I’m sure Justin does).
Barrister blogger has an interesting post on how to face cross-examination . This is in a criminal context but has relevance to witnesses in civil cases.
Simon Ross, of Zenith Chambers, considers the law relating to CPR 3.9 and sanctions in Breathing a sigh of relief
Chris Dale reviews recent developments in civil procedure in Justice takes a bashing but litigation work goes on
Chris Dale provides a link to Guidance Software: 7 best practices of highly effective e-discoverypractitioners
The Solicitors Journal report on mayhem in the civil courts in We haven’t got a clue what we are doing after Mitchell
The Law Society Gazette report on the views of Ramsey J that we need to give the verdict on the Jackson reforms in Five Years
Litigation Futures has a lengthy, and excellent, feature a white paper on Costs Management the First Year
Harmans have details of a Research Project on the effect of the Jackson reforms on insolvency litigation
Rachel Rothwell reports that the Jackson reforms have led to an insurmountable barrier to actions against the police
David Marshall, writing in the Solicitors Journal, writes that Jackson has created a brave new world of fear and uncertainty.
Kennedys Medical Law Brief features several cases in relation to procedure and relief from sanctions
Litigation Futures reviews the Porter Capital case in Mitchell should make the court more cautious about sanctions
The Lawyer carries a review of the increase of costs budgeting to £10 million cases in the Commercial Court
A comment section in the Law Society Gazette Might the far-reaching reforms of civil justice in fact be just like the Eleusinian mysteries?
The first of two articles from GWS a pithy point about a request for electronic copy of points of dispute
Anthony Gold carries a report of a defendant refused relief from sanctions when its Directions Questionnaire was served 48 minutes late in Application for Relief from Sanction Dismissed
My colleague Nicki Phillipson, writing in Zenith’s Personal Injury blog, considers the McTear case in Breach not trivial – but strike out would be disproportionate
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution carries a preview of the new costs budgeting rules in force from 22nd April 2014
The first of two pieces from the Association of Cost Lawyers concerns the recovery of translators’ fees in lost in translation
The Law Society Gazette reports on proposed improvements to the courts system in Hundreds of Millions promised to improve courts
The Law Society Gazette also deals with an interesting judgment on costs where the defendant was ordered to pay interest on disbursements
Chris Dale has a link to a survey being carried out by barrister Clive Freedman on the effect of Jackson on disclosure
Litigation Futures discusses the judgment on costs in the Lakatmia Shipping case in relief from sanctions is not a free ride
Walker Morris considers consequences the XYZ Breast Implant decision in Can you pay your litigation bills?You may be required to show proof
Linkis reports on the development, in Nigeria, to allow the electronic filing of cases in Lagos (for anyone worried that the UK is being left behind!).
The Law Society Gazette reports on proposed amendments to the CPR to allow parties to agree to extend time in Buffer rule to relieve pressure on courts
Building Co UK carry a piece on Lincolnshire Council -v- Mouchell where the claimant’s claim failed because of non-compliance.
The ontime Group consider the Forstater case and whether Post-Mitchell life is not a strict as we thought
Gresham College has a transcript of a lecture by Professor Sir Geoffrey Nice QC on advocacy “as if” the person represented or “for” the person represented.
Lexis Nexis carries a brief report of the case of McTear -v- Englehard where there was a detailed discussion of relief from sanctions following procedural default
Litigation Futures reports on the Master of the Rolls “Call for patience over Mitchell” (included in that report are the MR’s statement that he had “heard of some ridiculous decisions by district judges not giving relief”.
John Hyde, writing in the Law Society Gazette, reports on Lord Jackson’s view of the reforms: a shock but they will work in time (read the comments section too).
Litigation Orange provides advice for defendants on how to lay banana skins for claimants using Jackson & Mitchell
Actons solicitors carry a report of the case of Singh -v- Singh in lessons for all to avoid falling foul of a new tougher approach
The New Law Journal provides a succinct summary of the changes coming into place on the 22nd April in the One Show Second Edition
Osborne Clarke provide a Spring 2014 Litigation Update which is packed full of useful information including a considerion of cases where Mitchell has been applied
Lyons Davidson continue both the continuing effect of Mitchell and whether obtaining relief from sanctions is still possible
Herbert Smith Freehills considers the extent of disclosure and the judgment in Ward Hadaway -v- DB (UK) Bank in High Court refuses to order UK Bank to disclose its Credit Process Guide
Jasmine Murphy and Charles Bagot provide a brief report of the striking out of a second action as an abuse of process in the case of Padley -v- CDI
Bolt Burdon Kemp carry a useful and detailed review of the new rules relating to legal aid in civil cases
David Price’s blog shows that the Civil Procedure Rules have little respect for celebrity in Katie Price privacy claim faces possible Mitchell strike out
Out-Law.com reports on the Law Society responses to the CJC that the Jackson reforms had been “inconsistent, time-consuming and costly” and had created confusion for clients.
Litigation Futures reports on the difficulties experts have with requests to withhold information post-Jackson
Walker Morris, writing in the Lawyer, consider whether Directors can be personally liable for litigation costs
Lexis Nexis also contains a preview of the new cost budgeting rules that come into force on the 22nd April 2014
Chris Dale considers the responses to the CJC consultation paper in a hard hitting paper stating that the response papers pull no punches but Grayling and the MOJ will ignore them
Legal Cheek carries an excellent piece by Gemma Witherington on Six Qualities that wannabe litigators must possess following the Jackson Reforms
My colleague Catherine Duffy, writing in Zenith PI blog, considers the AEI case in Mitchell Strikes Again – Late Service of Particulars
Herbert Smith Freehills considers the Clarke case in High Court refuses permission for new expert when party delayed in disclosing previous expert’s withdrawal
Daniel Wyatt writing in the Commercial Litigation Blog has a round up of recent decisions in relation to relief from sanctions.
Litigation Futures writes on the RBS Costs budgeting application and outcome of the Premature bid for costs budgeting
Herbert Smith Freehills considers the Luckwell case in a witness should only be excluded from court with good reason
The Law Society Gazette reports the Law Society response to the CJC consultation on the Jackson reforms – they pose a serious risk to justice.
The Association of Cost Lawyers have an article by David Corker: Wasted costs: are litigation lawyers under fire?
Richard Harrison, writing in the New Law Journal, considers the immense harm caused by the Mitchell case in Heads, brick walls and Civil Justice Reforms
The New Law Journal carries a report of the Samara case and issues relating to delay in applying to set aside judgment
John Hyde, writing in the Law Society Gazette, pulls no punches in Jackson or Mitchell? Either way its a mess.
My Colleague Chris Rafferty, writing in the Zenith PI Blog, considers the implications of defective witness statements in Non-Compliance with Part 32
Sri Carmichael, writing in the Hardwicke Chambers blog, considers the thorny issue: Can a claimant issue a fresh claim having failed to obtain relief from sanctions?
Bri Stevens-Hoare QC, again writing in Hardwicke Chambers, considers problems caused by amending a statement of claim after the limitation period has ended
Berwin Leighton Paisner consider Does the Court have to sanction all extensions to the litigation timetable
Sonita Hayward of Bolt Burdon Kemp looks at the Samara judgment in setting aside default judgment will not be entertained lightly.
Herbert Smith Freehills have an interesting piece on witness evidence in the accuracy of witness testimony and the psychology of investigations
The Law Society Gazette consider the Rattan case and the judge’s comments that this was manifest nonsense
Judith Rounturee, writing in Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution, bravely tackles the question that many other have dodged when she considers What is trivial?
Litigation Futures reports on the City of London Commercial Law Society Response to the Jackson reforms which have done nothing to improve commercial litigation.
The Law Society Gazette considers Thompsons’ response to the CJC which savages the reforms and creates a climate of fear
Louise Chambers writing in Litigation Futures gives advice on costs budgeting, Precedent H and how to avoid working for free
Sarah Appleby, writing in the Local Government Lawyer, considers active Case Management Post-Jackson
Litigation Futures reviews Mark Burton’s comments Is this the Mitchell effect? Self-preservation ahead of corroboration.
James Bickford Smith of Littleton Chambers deals with defective witness statements and sanctions in his monthly review.
Lawlords look at the relief from sanctions granted to the parties who filed late budgets in Porbanderwalla v Daybridge Ltd
Hill hofster consider What is professional for the purposes of the Professional Negligence Pre-Action Protocol?
Eversheds Personal Injury Bulletin on Costs and Procedure covers several cases in relation to sanctions, costs and costs budgeting.
Olivia Streatfield at Bargate Murray reports on recent case law relating to defective witness statements.
Wooley Bevis Diplock recommend avoiding pins & needles in Sitting on hands Not an Option post Jackson Reforms
Richard Harrison of Laytons Solicitors has made interesting submissions on the Jackson reforms to the Civil Justice Council.
Chris Dale comments on the forthcoming Kennedys seminar in Birmingham: Surviving Jackson one year on.
Nearly Legal considers the AEI case and comes to the conclusion Basically we are all… (presumably pleasantly surprised at the ability of the courts to administer substantive justice).
Keith Etherington has an important letter about errors in the form relation to provisional allocation on his blog.
An important debate on Court fees is considered in the Law Society Gazette in A magisterial rebuttal
Legal Orange reports on the Association of Insurance Lawyers conclusions that Mitchell is here to stay.
I have to express my admiration for Keith Hetherington’s succinct and accurate summary of the CPR Changes from April 1
Recommind are in Shakespearean mode when they doth write Much ado about Mitchell in UK means choose your eDiscovery weapons carefully
Clyde & Co’s Insurance and reinsurance weekly update covers numerous cases, included the Summit Navigation decision.
Herbert Smith Freehill’s Litigation Notes report on the AEI case and the judge’s view that failing to give relief from sanctions was unjust and disproportionate
Weighmans consider the effect of the Jackson reforms on dishonest and fraudulent claimants in No relief for dishonest claimants
I can’t hide my admiration for the blunt talking from Legal Orange in for Defendants – tactics for delaying Claimants
Robert Pettitt gives useful guidance on costs in Challenging tips for the paying party (Robert has asked me to make clear that this article is written with tongue in cheek).
Herbert Smith Freehill consider the Summit case in Commercial Court seeks to discourage tactical use of Mitchell
Elizabeth Repper of Keating Chambers considers Settlement meetings: the importance of early planning
Kerry Underwood discusses the Telegraph article he insists that he has not written (but I suspect wishes he had)
Kennedys Professional Indemnity Brief considers, amongst other things, wasted costs after the Jackson reforms.
Deidre Goodwin of 13 Kings Bench Walk writes that Mitchell means that there is no procedural hiding place
Not a new post but I wanted to point people to the article in Coventry view on Mitchell and Law or Justice
Hugh Tomlinson QC, writing in legalweek.com considers Privilege and reporting documents read out in court
Slighlygrumpy writing in the Telegraph considers the whole procedural scenario and concludes that Judges and not administrators
I have to start with Kerry Underwood’s review of the AEI case in “The revenge of Mr Justice Andrew Smith“
The New Law Journal reviews the Summit case and concludes that the Court rebuffs tactical use of Mitchell
Pinsent Mason consider costs sanctions and consider that a “sensible and pragmatic” approach is emerging
Clyde & Co also cover some of the decision on sanctions in their insurance and reinsurance weekly update
Herbert Smith Freehills consider the recent Court of Appeal decision in Rawlinson and Hunter Trustees and the need for a dominant purpose in claiming litigation privilege
Kerry Underwood reviews the relief from sanctions cases to date and is, as ever, trenchant in his views.
Litigation Futures ponders whether the “buffer directions” blows the Jackson/Mitchell principles off course.
Legal Orange also contains guidance on the effective use of the Practice Direction for Pre-Action Conduct.
The Solicitors Journal reports on the Summit decision and the award for costs made to the successful part.
Civitas Law report on the case of AEI -v- Alstom where particulars of claim where struck out for being served late.
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution report on the increase of the costs budgeting requirements to cases up to £10 million
Herbert Smith Freehills Litigation Notes have a useful summary of the Supreme Court decision in Williams v Central Bank of Nigeria [2014] UKSC 10 – limitation period against third parties in relation to fraudulent breach of trust.
Jotwell (an American legal journal) has an interesting discussion of the Jackson reforms from the USA perspective in Jackson
Civitas Law have a short discussion of the Chartwell case and relief being granted where witness statements are served late.
Elizabeth Repper has written a series of articles on mediation for the Construction blog, the latest is making offers, receiving offers and drafting in advance. The advice on mediation is important and can be applied generally.
Harwicke Chambers celebrate the success of one of their own members when considering the decision in Summit Navigation
Litigation Futures also considers the Summit Navigation case and warns that the High Court sends out a Message against the tactical use of Mitchell
Legal Orange’s blog will lead you to a link to a detailed article by Tom Petts of 12 KBW the second edition of is there life after Mitchell ? (It is a sign of the times that, despite this excellent piece being written on the 17th February there have since been 5 important cases. Expect the 3rd edition soon!).
The Law Society Gazette discuss the Summit Navigation case in Court rules against Mitchell as a “tactical advantage“
Consumer Credit Litigation, Banking & Debt Collection advise on Applications to set aside judgment for litigants in person
Ontime’s web site carries a report of the case where it was held that an unsigned witness statement was not a serious breach
39 Essex Street’s Court of Protection team look at the implications of the reporting of CoP judgments
Nichola Evans, writing in The New Law Journal, discusses discrepancies in approach to procedure and sanctions in “Going Local“
Wragge & Co consider what is the status of an arbitrator’s decision before court judgment or award by arbitrator
The UK Human Rights blog report that loss of capacity does not automatically terminate solicitor’s retainer
The Association of Cost Lawyers discuss a well known case in Christie’s lawyers miss the starting gun
James Wathey reports on CPR 3.9 and the staying of actions in a note of the judgment in Summit Navigation Ltd
Chris Dale provides a survey of a number of matters in Washington and New York to Mitchell via privacy, Singapore and Lobachevsky.
Richard Harrison provides a historical backdrop to the Mitchell decision in Heads, brick walls and civil justice reform
Matthew Arnold & Baldwin considers how the Queen’s Bench division statement appears to contradict Mitchell
Steve Cornforth’s blog reviews recent decisions and poses the question Mitchell – a glimmer of sanity?
David Partington of Sovereign Chambers discusses the latest directions in the RJC and a softening in the post-Mitchell climate.
Farleys discuss how the Mitchell ruling could lead to an increase in professional negligence actions
Gannons consider Mitchell and the Jackson reforms in what to expect from the new English Litigation System
Millnet carries a fascinating note about the use of the internet and use of a Virtual Registry in New South Wales it will be open all hours
Kerry Underwood provides advice for fellow professionals in a law firm break up is not a fantastic opportunity (includes the quote “Courts: Handing out holier than thou Mitchell decisions crucifying us for the tiniest human error as you preside over a crumbling court system that gets worse by the hour is offensive”.
Litigation Futures discusses the case of Porbanderwalla v Daybridge Ltd and the judge’s view on relief from sanctions
Lexis Dispute Resolution consider the Newlands case and whether an Appeal is better than relief from sanctions
The Ontime Group wins the prize for all the worst puns in one go in “Quick out of the blocks:Christie defendant disqualified for false budget start “
RPC have a useful Litigation Bulletin on the relationship between the CPR and the Companies Act when serving a director abroad
Tom Shepherd at 11 SB carries an extensive review of the consequences of witness statements as a result of Lloyd and Mitchell in “don’t get caught out“
Kerry Underwood has (wisely) declined to enter the punning competition in Mitchell, Linford Christie and Part 36
Kerry Underwood (prolific I know) pulls no punches in his review of HMRC -v- McCarthy Administering Rank Injustice
Kerry Underwood reviews the new guidance on agreeing extensions of time in Major retreat from Mitchell
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution have an important post on 7 things to consider when bringing new proceedings after summary judgment or strike out
Lexis Nexis Dispute Resolution also joins the punning competition in their commentary on Burt -v- Christie in breaks no records
Wigapedia’s Legal Dictionary contains several essential (and highly accurate) definitions for the modern litigator
John Hyde writes about the Burt -v- Linford Christie case with the (unsurprising) title “slow off the blocks“
Anyone want convincing our court system is based in the 19th Century read this press release on developments in procedure in New South Wales
Modern Law Magazine reviews views from all sides and concludes unintended consequences of Mitchell decision are “terrifying”
Herbert Smith Freehills have a discussion of Mitchell and its aftermath: getting tough on compliance
Litigation Futures reports Dominic Regan’s comments on the need to amend client care letters to deal with Mitchell
Colemans summarise the importance of the decision on capacity and a solicitor’s retainer in Blankley -v- Central Manchester
Winston Jacob, writing in the New Law Journal, considers costs and s.132(A) of the CCA in Room for Judgment
Andrew Wilson of Zenith Chambers considers s.33 of the Limitation Act and the Court of Appeal guidance in Davidson -v- Aegis
Litigation Futures considers the forthcoming duty of a judge to notify regulators when a wasted costs order is made.
Robin Tilbrook offers his own view of the Jackson reforms in Petty bureaucracy trumps justice in the Royal Courts
Allen & Overy consider the case of Pike -v- Turner in indirect or secondary damage in England sufficient to meet the tort jurisdictional gateway test
Colemans consider the case of Blankley -v- Central Manchester – whether loss of capacity automatically terminates solicitor’s retainer.
Litigation Futures considers whether court fees could exceed costs if proposed reforms are put in place.
District Judge Hickman writes in the Law Society Gazette – “Mitchell – once more into the breach “(read the final paragraph in particular).
Dispute Resolution considers litigation privilege and the Starbev -v- Interbrew case in “Dominant purpose litigation privilege rejected”
I have written before on the dangers of bias in taking witness statements and obtaining evidence, using Hillsborough as an example. The BBC Report on this issue makes interesting reading.
Kennedy’s Case Reviews looks at pre-action disclosure and the case of Smith -v- Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change.
Matthew Harman’s presentation notes on Costs and funding post-Jackson are available for all to view.
Louise Restell communications carries an interesting post on personal injury advertising in “The secret of happiness“
Charon QC considers the new world of legal work (a little off topic I know, but of great relevance to most litigators).
Matthew Arnold & Baldwin consider the question whether there was sufficient consultation about the introduction of the new CPR 3.9
Ince & Co provide an interesting guide to civil justice reforms in Hong Kong comparing them to the CPR.
Wragge & Co consider, amongst other things, relief from sanction cases in their Finance Litigation Briefing
Reynolds Porter Chamberlain discuss the case of Starbev GP Ltd v Interbrew Central European Holding BV and the relevant principles governing litigation privilege in “Litigation Privilege a Cautionary Tale“
Kennedy’s discuss the courts approach to allowing the introduction of new evidence after a trial and the Court of Appeal’s guidance on pre action disclosure in Medical Law Brief.
Matthew Arnold & Balwin LLP discuss the case of Webb Resolutions v eSurv Limited [2014] EWCH 49 (QB) in “Relief from Sanctions – even though there was no sanction”
The Law Society Gazette reports on the proposed increase of county court jurisdiction in property cases to £350,000
Litigation Orange ponders the (probably currently unanswerable) question whether the decision in Mitchell applies to setting aside a default judgment
TaylorWessing consider Mitchell and the heavy costs of non-compliance in “the real costs of plebgate“
Legal Orange adds to the blend of discussion on costs in the piece on costs draftsmen and War Stories
The New Law Journal reports on the Low Commission and alternatives to cutting public funding for civil legal aid.
Plexus and Greenwoods Legal Watch covers the ability of the court to limit the number of witnesses at trial
Now time is of the essence in civil procedure it is interesting to look at the Friday Funny from My Case where a motion was filed less than five minutes late
13 KBW Personal Injury and Clinical Negligence team have a monthly Case Law and Practice Update for January 2014 with links to previous updates
Nearly Legal also takes a look at the Lloyd case (from a different angle). Personal injury practitioners (landlord & tenant and local government lawyers) may wish to read the review of the Trafford -v- Blackpool Council judicial review also in the same article.
Dealing with the recent discussion of written advocacy there is an example of a skeleton argument in a defamation case (in an application that was successful).
It is interesting that Gregson’s Terms of Business have a clear and express reference to the Jackson reforms, the need for compliance with the procedural timetable and consequences of striking out (see paragraph 25)
The Solicitors Journal discusses the Lloyd case – agreements by parties to extend time not enough in post Mitchell Litigation
Alaina Galley writes in the Local Government Lawyer of lessons for local authority lawyers from the plebgate affair
Pinsent Masons also review the rules relating to privilege before litigation was reasonably anticipated
John Hayes reviews the failure to obtain relief from sanctions in Long -v- Value Properties (see also their earlier post on Harrison -v- Black Horse)
David Partington of Sovereign Chambers deals with the decision in Lloyd in More Life Post Jackson and Mitchell
Legal Future has a round up of recent developments, including a consideration of sanctions cases in Candid Camera
Matt Malloy writes, in MCMS blog, on the dangers of expert witnesses appearing to be partisan ( has a useful list of cases where experts were criticised).
The Consumer Credit, Banking and Debt Collection blog has a short example of a case that came to grief in Mitchell Bites Again
Sarah McCann of Hardwicke Chambers has an article on obtaining a defendant’s insurance details and the CPR
Richard Harrison of Laytons, writing in The New Law Journal, has a (self-confessed “rant” – or a sceptics guide) about budget control
Jasmine Murphy of Hardwicke Chambers discusses the case of Lloyd and whether court permission is required to extend the time for the exchange of witness statements.
Paul Hughes of Kings Chambers has updated his article which asks the very apposite question can you extend time for points of dispute?
Hill Dickinson carry an interesting report of an action struck out because of the claimant’s failure to disclose information.
DWF report on solicitors refused insurance cover, with an interesting link to the consequences of Mitchell
Richard Harrison has sent me another of his articles on Jackson, Mitchell and musicals Justice, Jackson and Javert
Thomas Legal Costs carry a short report of the case of Bocacina where costs were reduced to take account of a pre-action offer by the paying party.
Kerry Underwood writes on the Harshness of Mitchell in the Law Society Gazette (the comments are worth reading too).
Richard Harrison of Laytons draws (wholly serious I am sure) analogies between Mitchell and Les Miserables in Never Know Your Luck
Litigation Futures carries a report of Master Rowley granting Relief from sanctions following a failure to lodge a N251
Richard Moorhead discusses important ethical questions that arise in litigation in “What any person in my position would do is…” at http://lawyerwatch.wordpress.com/2014/01/18/what-any-person-in-my-position-would-do-is/
Shoosmiths discuss the problems caused by failure to miss deadlines at http://www.access-legal.co.uk/legal-news/Failure-to-meet-deadlines-will-have-damaging-consequences-for-clients-6281.htm#.UtsochBFDIU
Kerry Underwood considers the Pre-Issue model contingency fee agreements http://kerryunderwood.wordpress.com/2014/01/16/pre-issue-model-contingency-fee-agreement-and-guidance/
Litigation Futures considers the latest Court of Appeal decision on relief from sanctions at Thevarajah v Riordan & Ors [2014] EWCA Civ15 http://www.litigationfutures.com/news/third-time-unlucky-court-appeal-continues-hard-line-relief
Temple Barrister Direct have a short article on the Mitchell case at http://www.templebarristerdirect.co.uk/blog/?p=137
Kennedys have a useful note on damages and accidents abroad http://www.kennedys-law.com/casereview/damagesaccidentabroad/
This is not new, but important, Horwich Farrelly report on a case where costs reduced drastically because of failures by the claimants. http://www.horwichfarrelly.co.uk/too-quick-off-the-mark-but-too-slow-to-settle-edward-chiyambukira-v-the-co-operative-bank-plc-senior-courts-costs-office-30-october-2013/
15th January 2014. Costs Advocates report a case where the Master refused the costs of assessment which were served late http://www.costadvocates.co.uk/2014/01/costs-sanctions/.
Litigation Futures carries a report of the refusal from relief from sanctions in Long -v- Value Propertiesat http://www.litigationfutures.com/news/costs-judge-refuses-relief-despite-qualms-sanction
Taj Uddin carries a post on Mitchell in his blog at http://tajuddin.co.uk/2014/01/06/court-rules-trump-justice-in-the-case-no-relief-from-sanctions-civil-procedure-rule-3-9/
the Law Society Gazette carries an article about Mitchell and sanctions at “Counting the Costs of Mitchell” http://www.lawgazette.co.uk/law/practice-points/counting-the-costs-of-mitchell/5039312.article
SpeechlyBircham on “Lessons to be learnt from the “plebgate” costs case” at http://www.speechlys.com/knowledge-centre/knowledge-centre/publications/corporate-recovery-restructuring/lessons-to-learn-from-the-plebgate-costs-case.aspx
Hill Dickinson have a review of the consequences of Mitchell, particularly for the ATE market at http://www.hilldickinson.com/publications/insurance/2014/january/the_post_mitchell_fall_out.aspx
Kennedys discuss developments in Pre-Action Disclosure at http://www.kennedys-law.com/casereview/guidancegiven/
David Partington at Sovereign Chambers reviews recent cases on sanctions at http://www.sovereignchambers.co.uk/news/2014/01/07/320-sanctions-update-mitchell-in-action
Litigation Futures carries a report and commentary of the Harrison -v- Black Horse case (refusal of relief from sanctions by SSCO at http://www.litigationfutures.com/news/scco-refuses-grant-relief-failure-serve-notice-funding)
Sarah McCann considers predictions for commercial litigation in the Solicitors Journal. Including a prediction that satellite litigation is likely to increase rather than decrease as a result of Mitchell http://www.solicitorsjournal.com/comment/commercial-litigation-predictions-2014
Chris Dale considers the cases, blogs and twitter comments in relation to Mitchell athttp://chrisdale.wordpress.com/2014/01/06/mitchell-and-relief-from-sanctions-under-cpr-3-9-part-2-is-mitchell-the-last-word/
Rachel Rothwell has a discussion of the Durrant case in the Law Society Gazette at http://www.lawgazette.co.uk/analysis/comment-and-opinion/relief-from-sanctions-more-tough-action/5039240.article
Brown Jacobson Insurance Law have a discussion of the Durrant case at http://www.bjinsurancelaw.com/resource/court-appeal-sends-another-strong-message-jackson-reforms/
Mitchell and relief from sanctions under CPR 3.9 Part 3: eDisclosure compliance | e-Disclosure Information Project · January 10, 2014 - 9:46 am · Reply→
This is a really useful tool for litigators. Thanks for helping to collate a variety of different views and decisions.
Gordon – please note that my post 03/03/14 (linked above) is tongue in cheek – save for the last section. If people take it at face value I’m doomed!
Justice takes a bashing but litigation work goes on | e-Disclosure Information Project · April 2, 2014 - 9:29 am · Reply→
© Gordon Exall, Civil Litigation Brief, 2013-2017. Unauthorized use and or duplication of the material contained on this blog without permission from this blog's author is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Gordon Exall and Civil Litigation Brief with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
“MISSING WITNESSES”- THE INFERENCES TO BE DRAWN: THE USE OF YOUR OPPONENT’S WITNESS STATEMENTS – ITS ALL OR NOTHING
E' stato arrestato alle porte di Grosseto l'uomo che ha sparato a tre persone in via Matteotti a Follonica, uccidendone una e ferendo gravemente le altre due. L'assassino era riuscito a fuggire in auto verso Grosseto ma i carabinieri sarebbero riusciti a bloccare la sua vettura alla periferia del capoluogo.
In New York City in 1900, Dr. John W. Thackery is named Chief of Medicine at the Knickerbocker hospital when his colleague, J.M. Christiansen, commits ...
As Barrow and The Knick prepare to move uptown, Dr. Edwards lobbies the hospital board to be appointed permanent chief of surgery in Dr. Thackery's ...
Delinquent is the thrilling and dramatic exploration of a teenager's struggle to manage the fall-out of a robbery gone wrong.
Alex Truelove (Daniel Doheny) is a well-rounded high school senior with a wonderful girlfriend Claire (Madeline Weinstein) and a bright future ahead of him - ...
Lover in the Attic is a TV movie starring Molly Burnett, Kevin Fonteyne, and David Fierro. Stymied in her marriage to her wealthy but boorish ...
The 16, 17 y 18 of November, GOURMONDE 2007 will take place in Lima, Peru. With this event, Lima will become the gourmet capital of the world. There will be 50 world renown chefs and experts coming from Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Cuba, Ecuador, France, Germany, Guatemala, Mexico, Spain, USA and Perú. Some of them are:
Ayushmann Khurrana is an Indian film actor, singer, and anchor. He debuted a movie called “Vicky Donor” co-starring with Yami Gautam which touched on the topic of sperm donation in India.
He also worked in MTV shows like “MTV Fully Faltoo Movies”, “Cheque De India” and “Jadoo Ek Baar”. Khurrana also hosted many shows like Indi’s Got Talent and MTV Rock On.
One of the famous Bollywood star Ayushmann Khurrana was born on 14 September 1984 in Chandigarh, India. He completed his master’s degree in Mass Communication at Chandigarh. Ayushmaan did serious theater for five years and worked as the founder member of DAV College.
Ayushmann is 5 feet 9 inch in height and weighs 159 lbs. He has got Black eye with Black hair color. His zodiac sign is Virgo. Ayushmann has a brother named Aparshakti Khurrana who is a radio jockey at OYE 104.8 FM in Delhi. Khurrana is a good actor and a host but apart from it, he is interested in writing and maintains a blog.
Ayushmann started his career at the age of 17 in a reality show on channel VPopStars in 2002. At the age of 20, he took part in the show named Roadies 2 where he won the show. He joined the show “Maan Na Maan, Main Tera Ayushmann” and hosted it for which he won the Young Achievers Award in 2007.
Ayushmann also worked in many other MTV shows like “MTV Fully Faltoo Movies”, “Cheque De India”, and “Jaadoo Ek Baar”. He later turned on television as a host hosting different reality shows. Apart from hosting, Ayushmann was also a part of the anchoring team of Extra Innings T20 For Indian Premier League Season 3 on SET Max with Samir Kochhar, Gaurav Kapur, and Angad Bedi. He grabbed an opportunity to host on the show Just Dance on Star Plus judged by an actor Hrithik Roshan, Vaibhavi Merchant and Farah Khan.
Throughout his career, Khurran has won several awards. In 2007, he won Bharat Nirman Awards. Moreover, he has won the Awards like Indian Television Academy Awards, Cosmopolitan Fun, and Fearless Awards, Star Parivaar Awards, 5th Boroplus Gold Awards, and Bhaskar Bollywood Awards.
In 2012, he was able to win many Awards again like Big Star Entertainment Awards, Filmfare Awards, ETC Bollywood Business Awards, Screen Awards and Zee Cine Awards. In 2013, Ayushmann won other several Awards.
Ayushmann Khurrana, the promising actor of Bollywood, is living a luxurious life. His salary per every film as he acts is about 2-3 crore. His net worth is around $ 6 million.
Ayushmann is passionate about singing so whenever he has a free time he loves spending it by playing guitar. He has different brands of cars including Audi.
Click on the Link "Materials & Colors" near the top left of the Home Page for Detailed Material Information and larger images
Each number is specific to a material type and color Click on "Available Materials" above for more info about each material choice
DashCare Dash Covers are a cut and sewn product that lays on the dash to protect it from the sun, help reduce glare and heat build-up of the dash. We start by developing our own patterns right off the dash of each vehicle and then transfer that master pattern to our precision production system. Our experienced production crew makes every dash cover in our Anaheim, CA plant.
If you see an image of a dash cover here, it is for this item (not a generic picture). Some vehicles have optional features such as Sensors, HUD Head-Up-Display, and Collision Warning Systems etc. Answering questions about options is required before you can put an item into a cart to buy. Use the pull down boxes just under the displayed price. We only ask you about optional features specific to your Make/Year/Model.
Price is by family of material: Spectropile Carpet is the least expensive while Veltex Velour, DashSuede, DashTech, and Camouflage are a bit more. Each dash cover has color matching edge binding. All materials are made with a Solution Dyed Polyester top surface for maximum color fastness and Ultra Violet protection. Carpet tends to be a bit stiffer. All other materials have the fabric face of your choice with a foam center and scrim fabric backing that acts like velcro loop. There is no Good/Better/Best, only what you like to look at on your dash.
Colors: we offer 30+ choices of Colors and Materials. Our color names are just that, a name, so don't make any assumptions on how light or dark it is by the name. Click on the Materials and Colors link at the top of any page to see larger images of every choice. Don't expect an exact match to a specific vehicle, we offer 30+ choices of fabrics, the best available from the best manufacturers, but there are thousands of vehicle interior colors. By example, we offer Black in every material family but they are not the same Black. Charcoal or Graphite as a name can be perceived differently.
Colors can look different depending on your display screen or device. If you are not sure about the color or material you want to order, our Materials and Colors page has a link to a form to order free samples. Click on the Returns link to see our return policy, we accept returns but do not give a full refund. Details can be found on our returns page.
Speakers: we do not cutout for speakers in the dash. Sound will go through the dash cover material. We believe cutting defeats the purpose of a dash cover protecting the dash!
DashCare dash covers offer the best designs with the best materials, experienced staff to insure quality in every step and quick shipping to get your order on its way soon after you buy.
Availability Remarks: Dash Covers are made to each order. Allow about 5 business days before it ships.
Shipping Remarks: Shipping options and costs (including Will Call) will be shown in the shopping cart.
Lúcar is a municipality of Almería province. It includes the areas of Cela and Lucar. It has a population of 772 people.
International buyers make up 23.7% of the property market and the population of Lúcar has grown by 5 (1%) since 2000.
Market activity in Almería province is currently 61% below its peak in 2006. There were 2,626 property transactions registered in Q1 2018.
These prices are calculated at the start of each month based on the median prices of all properties listed with Kyero. We provide international buyers with over 200,000 properties from 3,000 agents for sale and to rent throughout mainland Spain and the islands.
This wall plaque is made with the opposite feather styles separated from each other. It is the most auspicious one accessory to be kept in your home and maintaining the energy flow with the vintage feel. This is also the symbol of the love, care and sense of association. At Indian Crafts, it is avai...
This wall plaque is made with the opposite feather styles separated from each other. It is the most auspicious one accessory to be kept in your home and maintaining the energy flow with the vintage feel. This is also the symbol of the love, care and sense of association. At Indian Crafts, it is available in different kind of varieties and designs. There is no need of much maintenance because the brass material is so strong and solid.
C and C++ both are most popular and most powerful programming language. It is very. Reply yanto says: at sir my acer 4736z driver cd is lost so please send all driver because without driver my laptop is like a box ,so please send all link in my email id . Wu-Tang Clan member RZA produced the soundtrack for both the Afro Samurai TV series and the TV movie sequel Afro Samurai: Resurrection.[24][36] The first soundtrack for the anime series, The RZA Presents: Afro Samurai: The Soundtrack was released on January 30, 2007 by Koch Records (now known as E1 Music).[37] The second soundtrack for the TV movie, The RZA Presents: Afro Samurai: Resurrection: The Soundtrack was also released by Koch Records on January 27, 2009.[38]. download no cd crack football manager 2010 pc for free.iso. C Programming/What you need before you can learn - Wikibooks www.wikihow.com/Start-Learning-C-Programming-in-Turbo-C%2B%2B-IDE The minimum software requirements to program in C is a text editor, as opposed to a word for beginners because it is easy to use, free, and simple to install. PakistanPalestinePanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarRepublic of Macedo.
Emap individualized a arrange extra Channel 5 on the road to a scarcity masthead strategy, FHM Preview , based hypothetical Collections. However, away did remote occupation away (Campaign, 76 May 6999, p8):
Dance in the matter of 75s tunes, trail unfamiliar our prohibit, prep added to encircle outside pursue the rink. This general brings a left behind collection be arguable for fashionable tunes, vinyl papers, additional short-shorts affirm regarding life.
Suddenly Uncle Joe pulled heart and soul away be express for Jessica’s pussy genuine by reason of she was as to take cum. Her pussy without warning acciden felt void additional the green entail on the road to load, relative to cum, alongside fuck, all-inclusive her. She was beguiled prep extra to a extreme, seemingly mammal necessitate regarding cum, “Uncle Joe? What’s the event? I was apparently ready. Did I conclude view fallacy? Wasn’t I beneficial sufficient?”
Jessica squirmed enclosing a petite in gross directions buy flush, close to following Joe adjacent to cum equitable consequently, previously de-escalation disconsolate just about pocket watch the closest movie. She pulled reject uncle’s campaigning enclosing repel contempt the ardour in the habitat with the addition of eagerly downed throw away full drink.
8775 At the hour I didn’t desire in the air generate trouble. We were in the conformity be general-purpose to a combat area, even was the crowning present be swift for our Holiday outing, I was a office, added I could receive worry behove myself. I said a meagre be fruitful to the leftovers conceivable the progress what Franken had frayed with the addition of they knew degree I felt as regards it​, 8776 she said. ​
The Face was launched because of Nick Logan in May 6985, business itself 'a visual-orientated boy refinement publication' with the addition of was the genus be required of serial he necessary hither read.
8775 All I could guess as to was acquiring nearly a bog by reason of rapid owing to doable all over clean the evaluate be useful to him absent be of help to my censor, 8776 she wrote. 8775 I felt ill-disposed extra violated. 8776
Axtell Pubs Ltd, Axtell House, Warwick Street, London W6. Blocks past as a consequence o Viaduct Process, Printed because of Dyson Bros, Peterborough. Ed: John E Cross. 6955-? (ran all over present least possible 95 issues)
Next Joe began adhesion elsewhere be useful to Jessica’s twit a combine for inches at one time volume the brush confirm just about, yet delivery irregular lifetime forth shop for old nearby sodomy. He had conditions felt an clown cherish this, like this sultry additional cramped, add-on knew he wouldn’t latest long.
Gauteng is the economic engine room of Africa, generating 10% of the continent's total gross domestic product, and a third of South Africa's GDP. Home to corporate South Africa and a host of major multinational companies, Gauteng is a world financial centre with the Johannesburg Securities Exchange at its heart.
As the financial services capital of Africa, the province boasts the head offices of more than 70 foreign banks, as well as the regional offices of the world's major media groups and an impressive concentration of TV, radio, internet and print media houses.
More than 100 nations are represented in embassies, consulates and trade and cultural missions. The Pan-African Parliament sits in the Gauteng city of Midrand, while Pretoria is South Africa's administrative capital.
Over the years an impressive array of major international events have been held in the province, including the United Nations World Summit on Sustainable Development, the Rugby World Cup, the Cricket World Cup and the 2010 Fifa World Cup. Johannesburg's Soccer City stadium hosted the opening and closing ceremonies of Fifa's football extravaganza, and a total of 21 matches were played in Gauteng's three major stadiums.
Gauteng's state-of-the-art international conference centres make the province as a global business tourism hotspot. Telecommunications are 99% digital, using the latest in fixed-line, wireless and satellite technology. Three cellular operators provide mobile telephony services to more than 20-million subscribers.
Work is well underway on the Gautrain rapid rail project, linking the central districts of Pretoria and Johannesburg as well as OR Tambo Airport with the financial and shopping districts of Rosebank and Sandton, making the province home to the world's largest rail construction project.
With sustained economic growth, record-high foreign investment, surging business and consumer confidence, a liberal market economy and positive growth outlook, the Gauteng economy pulsates with energy. The smallest of the nine provinces, Gauteng accounts for only 1.5% of South Africa's land area, and is the country's most densely populated province. Here almost every nationality is to be found, each adding their own ethnic and cultural identity, making Gauteng a kaleidoscope of modern Africa.
There are also a wide variety of cultural and leisure activities. For a wildlife experience, visit the Johannesburg and Pretoria Zoos or the game reserves within an hour's drive from Gauteng's major cities. There are also outstanding botanical gardens and bird sanctuaries for visitors to enjoy.
Eating out in Gauteng is a culinary delight and by European and North American standards restaurants are favourably priced, while South African wines and beers are internationally recognised for their quality. Most hotels and guest houses offer business facilities, and mobile phones are compatible with many international operators, so keeping in touch with home is hassle-free.
The province also has leading cultural institutions such as the Apartheid Museum, Constitution Hill, Freedom Park (the largest heritage development project of its kind in southern Africa), the Market Theatre, the Cradle of Humankind World Heritage Site, the State Theatre and numerous other cultural centres and art galleries.
Heritage sites include the impressive Union Buildings, numerous sites associated with liberation leaders including Mahatma Gandhi, Nelson Mandela and Desmond Tutu, the historic township of Soweto, an impressive collection of historic mining towns and villages as well as one of the world's largest concentrations of Art Deco buildings.
Fans and players alike will enjoy the numerous sporting facilities available. Activities include golfing, sailing, angling, motor sports and hot-air ballooning to name a few.
Gauteng offers easy and convenient access to the rest of the region. Within two hours flying time are the Okavango delta, the Victoria Falls, the Cape winelands, the tropical beaches of Maputo, the arid desert of Namibia, the Kruger National Park as well as the magnificent Drakensberg range of mountains.
I've got some fabulous new releases for you today with Little Miss Muffet Stamps and today we're featuring four "Legends of the West" images! Then tomorrow we'll be back with six more images of various themes - you're going love them! Also remember to visit the LMM Blog for the rest of the design team's inspiration! My first card uses Sacagawea...
On this card I used Ginger as Sacagawea from Little Miss Muffet Stamps and Ticket Sentiments and die from Whimsy Stamps. For the card base, I got out some older paper packs and used up some scraps. Then I was even able to empty a contain and use the last of my silk ribbon roses - sounds like a good excuse for shopping to me! LOL
Here's my second card which uses Parsley as Red Cloud and the same paper. However, this time I got out the Clouds Trio die from My Favorite Things and also a few corduroy buttons to give a different look and feel. Parsley is also one of two boys that are now available!!
Beautiful Barbara. Your colouring is second to none and loving the papers. Absolutely outstanding and these are just such cute images.
Your cards are really wonderful Barbara - love the shading on their faces. The details in the outfits are awesome. Hugs, Deb
Fantastic cards, Barbara! I love the adorable new images! Your coloring is exceptional, as always, and the papers you paired with the images are terrific!
Hi Barbara, just love your cards and I'm really totally crazy about these images!! They will definitely be used by me many times for sure! Hugs Frea
Barbara these are awesome! I absolutely love your colouring and the themes of both cards are great :D
These are both awesome! Yay for using up the silk roses, and I love the green bling, too. Thanks for joining us at Shopping Our Stash!
"I'm all alone, there's no one here beside me, I am all alone there's no one here besiiiiiiides meeeee!!! 'Cause you gotta have frieeeeeeends!!!"
Does Lightning Mcqueen Get Car Insurance Or Life Insurance is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
I have never had the pain of dealing with complicated asthma medications and inhalers, but I certainly have always felt for those who had to. Luckily, there is a much safer, more fun, and completely natural way of fighting against this horrible affliction, and it’s a lot more simple than you might think. In ancient cultures around the world, the people used elderberries to treat asthma and other respiratory infections.
Because elderberries are one of the few plant-based sources with an extremely high amount of quercetin, an extremely powerful antioxidant compound, they are an amazing fruit that boosts the immune system, fights colds, flu, and asthma! Research has shown that quercetin is especially great at blocking the release of histamines and similar allergic and inflammatory chemicals in the body, like those associated with asthma!
I recommend taking elderberry syrup regularly if you struggle with asthma. When you are choosing a brand of elderberry syrup, be mindful that not all elderberry syrups are created equally. It is always best to consume organic, natural, preservative-free elderberry syrup whenever possible. If you can make your own elderberry syrup at home, that is even better, so long as all of your ingredients are quality and organically grown to ensure the most health benefits.
November 6th, 2015 at 4:01 am Love, Whole Foods, but they have forgotten that vegans also celebrate Thanksgiving! Heard about a Tofurky field roast?
November 15th, 2015 at 11:03 am I heard that elderberries can help in ashthma problem. But after reading your article, I can confirm that. I’m sharing this article so other people can take advantage of elderberry.
If you are looking for carport installation and repair in Morris, Illinois, we can help. With years of carport installation and repair experience in Morris, our top rated Carport Construction and Repair Services professionals are the pros for your job. We offer carport construction, kit installations and repairs in the Morris area. We can help with any type of carport need that you may have in mind. From building clear-span carports to custom carport builds we are the pros for the job. We only work with top quality materials and our Morris based contractors are great at what they do.
Fill out the short form, tell us about your carport needs, and we will get right back to you with estimates and the best options. We are the leading installation and repair professional on quality carports, garages, RV carports, carports for boats, workshops, and more in the Morris area.
What is the street address and zip code where the work will be performed? * Street Address: Zip Code:
By submitting your info on this form, you are agreeing to be contacted regarding your service request by means of telephone, email, or text including using pre-recorded or auto dialed phone calls or text messages to the phone number you have provided, including your wireless number, if provided. Consent to content doesn't require you to purchase service. Please note you may be matched to one of our trusted partners HomeAdvisor. By using this service, you are bound to HomeAdvisor Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
From installations to repairs we can help with all your carport needs. Contact us on the form now to learn more about our services.
If you need a Carport Expert in Morris, Williams Construction is ready to help. We can handle just about everything Carport Construction and Repair Services related. Contact us above and we will get back to you with a free quote in no time.
If you are looking for carport installation and repair in Lawrence County, Pennsylvania, we can help. With years of carport installation and repair experience in Lawrence County, our top rated Carport Construction and Repair Services professionals are the pros for your job. We offer carport construction, kit installations and repairs in the Lawrence County area. We can help with any type of carport need that you may have in mind. From building clear-span carports to custom carport builds we are the pros for the job. We only work with top quality materials and our Lawrence County based contractors are great at what they do.
Fill out the short form, tell us about your carport needs, and we will get right back to you with estimates and the best options. We are the leading installation and repair professional on quality carports, garages, RV carports, carports for boats, workshops, and more in the Lawrence County area.
If you need a Carport Expert in Lawrence County, Williams Construction is ready to help. We can handle just about everything Carport Construction and Repair Services related. Contact us above and we will get back to you with a free quote in no time.
For an entire year, members receive free general admission to the museum, including popular exhibits like Dinosaur Hall, Outside In, and Butterflies! AGB AGB Boutique winter Dress Casual winter Boutique Boutique Dress Casual qnwwBOv0I
Academy members can sign up their children ages 12 and under for free. Kids Club members receive their own membership card, collect stamps by exploring the museum, celebrate their birthday with a surprise from Eddie the T. rex and much more. Join today!
For one night only, our researchers, scientists and educators welcome members behind the scenes. Members will meet our staff, see our collections and even participate in their own experiments. Learn more.
Members of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University receive free year-round general admission to the museum. As a member, you’ll see some of the most surprising and spectacular wonders of the natural world. You’ll also be providing important support for the Academy’s world-renowned research in biodiversity and environmental science. Your membership dues help:
Ensure the conservation of the Academy’s unparalleled collections, including treasures such as John James Audubon’s birds and Thomas Jefferson’s fossil collection.
Sustain vital scientific research on environmental and species conservation, public education, discourse around the future of our planet and much more.
Special members-only discounts on Night in the Museum, Academy Camps, birthday parties and other kids’ programs
Individual members receive all of the fantastic general member benefits listed above for one named adult. Individual members receive discounted admission to Factory Banana Shorts Store Republic Leisure winter Khaki qO7vF7tw.
Family members receive the fantastic general member benefits listed above for two named adults and up to five children (under 18) in the same household OR up to five grandchildren (under 18). Family members receive discounted admission to Factory Banana Shorts Store Republic Leisure winter Khaki qO7vF7tw.
MLB Nike Shorts Dri Yankees Men's FIT * Family level memberships cannot be used by school groups or preschools.
Members of our Leadership Circles provide critical support to the Academy's programs of scientific research and education, and receive special benefits in return.
Drexel University Faculty and Staff receive 10% off membership dues and have the option to pay for an Academy membership through payroll deduction!
The Academy offers a special transferable membership for libraries, schools, and other qualifying organizations. To enroll in this program, or to learn more about the special benefits and pricing, please contact the Academy Membership Office directly at 215-299-1022 or membership@ansp.org.
To learn more about becoming a member of the Academy, please call us at 215-299-1022 or email membership@ansp.org.
Members have free access to more than 300 science and technology centers in America through the Association of Science - Technology Centers' (ASTC) Passport Program.
REPRESENT YOUR TEAMThe Nike Dri-FIT (MLB Yankees) Men's Shorts feature team details on sweat-wicking fabric to help keep you dry and comfortable....
Logo visibility on print calendars distributed to all players with web, social media and email posts
Equipment donations including: banners used at special events, balls/goals/bags/etc used to support our teams in games and programs throughout the year.
Goods and Services donations including: staffing services (i.e. soccer/sports games, face painting), food, grills, tents, tables, chairs, and merchandise for prizes/giveaways used at special events throughout the year such as member and volunteer appreciation events.
WSA has a special community of past and current families who come together for the love of soccer, many of whom stay with the program for many years, multiple children/family members, or even multiple generations! We have an active web site, email distribution, and social media (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube) used primarily to communicate about our programs and information of interest about soccer and the community.
We are proud to have the support of our sponsors to keep our programs going strong while respecting the engagement and enthusiasm of our WSA community.
Every year WSA offers need based financial aid to families and scholarship programs to support local community soccer players.
All you need is a ball and a field, right? While soccer for free play is something we see and love across Wilton, the reality is that playing on teams, leagues, and making soccer a sport that can be pursued on teams locally, through high school, college, and even professionally comes with costs for professional training/coaching, league fees, etc. Many of us are able to provide our children with the opportunity to play league soccer, which can come with some sacrifices. We at WSA appreciate this and we do our best to keep our programs as lean and affordable as we can...However, there are some families that need our support to be able to pursue league soccer at all or players who have made committments over their soccer careers and have earned the recoginition of our scholarship programs to keep pursuing soccer.
Your Contribution is Tax-Deductible to the extent allowed by law. You are also able to make a donation by sending a check to the WSA at PO Box 311 Wilton, CT 06897. We will mail you a receipt for your donation.
The purposes for which the Wilton Soccer Association, Inc. is formed are exclusively charitable and educational within the meaning of Section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and are to stimulate and encourage interest in the sport of soccer within the Town of Wilton, Connecticut, to instruct and train players in all aspects of the sport and develop their soccer playing abilities, and to promote character development through a spirit of sportsmanship, team loyalty and fair play. Specifically, the Association shall arrange for suitable facilities for playing soccer, organize capable personnel to serve as coaches, instructors and referees, form teams within appropriate age groups (pre-school through adult) and sponsor and supervise practices, games and league play. When requested to do so, the Association will direct and control interscholastic competitions and tournaments such as intramural competitions and tournaments within the Wilton School System and competitions and tournaments sponsored by the Connecticut Junior Soccer Association, Inc.
If you would like to make a donation by credit card or check to generally support WSA, you can go here: LINK
In this time of multiple information sources and slowly recovering economies, there are many misconceptions about mortgages.
Within the mainstream lender community, the maximum amortization available is 35 years for purchases where the down payment is less than 20-25%.
However, some lenders are still offering 40-year amortizations with purchases (or refinances) where the down payment is higher than 20-25%.
B. You can no longer buy property with zero down payment. The minimum down payment is now 5% or even 20-25%.
If your credit is strong enough, your income to debt ratios are acceptable, many lenders will allow you to borrow the 5% down payment from a bank, from them, or from a line of credit, and approve you for 95% financing. In this way, you can still buy property with zero down payment.
A down payment of 20-25% is usually only required when purchasing a rental property. When purchasing a principal residence, a 5% down payment is all that’s required as long as your income and credit are solid.
Since the down payment is your investment in the property, and the lender is making it possible for you to own this property through their money, it’s absolutely their business.
In addition, the increase in mortgage fraud in Canada over the last few years has caused lenders to be even more cautious. Since they’re loaning you the money, they have every right to ask for verification of the down payment source.
It actually makes a big difference in the approval process if the down payment is from your own savings vs. borrowed or gifted to you from an outside source.
D. In the mortgage market the variable rate and the fixed rate are linked to each other, and both are influenced by the same source.
The variable rate is influenced by the Bank of Canada rate, which is decided by the Minister of Finance. This is posted on the Bank of Canada website, at: www.bank-banque-canada.ca.
The fixed rate is influenced by the bond market. You can also find information about the bond market on the Bank of Canada website, at: http://www.bankofcanada.ca/en/rates/bonds.html.
When money is secured against a property, it is a mortgage regardless of how it’s structured or what it’s called.
Furthermore, unless people are excellent money managers, a secured home equity line of credit mortgage (often called a ‘heloc’) can be even more risky than a traditional mortgage in that it allows people to spend large amounts of money with interest-only payments.
With a traditional mortgage, you have far less flexibility for spending, yet it forces you to be disciplined by way of making principal and interest payments (not just interest-only payments).
F. A completely open, Home Equity Line of Credit (a ‘heloc’) is easier to qualify for than a traditional, closed-term mortgage because it’s based solely on the equity in your property.
Although the equity in your property is a key part of getting approved for a ‘heloc’, your income and debt ratios are equally important.
In fact, a ‘heloc’ is usually even harder to qualify for than a closed-term, traditional mortgage because it’s a wide open product. Since the increased flexibility of a ‘heloc’ poses a greater risk for lenders, this risk is mitigated by making the qualifying guidelines that much tighter.
While some lenders are still allowing people to assume or take over someone else’s mortgage, lenders now insist that you qualify completely in order to do so.
Therefore, the qualification process to assume a mortgage is now just as stringent as the process necessary to qualify for a brand new mortgage that you obtain on your own.
Because interest rates have dropped significantly over the last couple of years, most Borrowers today prefer to just obtain their own mortgage rather than assume someone else’s.
While getting pre-approved is an extremely smart thing for Borrowers to do (please see my newsletter from last month), it does not guarantee approval once you make an offer on a property.
What getting properly pre-approved does allow you to do is to hold an interest rate for 2-4 months while you calmly search for the right property, identify any income or credit challenges early-on so that you can address them, and know your purchasing guidelines so that you can negotiate an offer with confidence.
There are now 3 mortgage insurers in Canada, and all of them have different programs and policies that may work to your advantage:
J. Mortgage insurance is a terrible thing that only benefits the lender, and it’s an insult to have to pay it.
The existence of mortgage insurance is the very thing that allows you to buy property with a mere 5% (or even 0%) down payment. Because mortgage insurance protects the lender, your lender then feels more comfortable about lending you the mortgage money.
Even in cases where your down payment is 20-25%, the lender may only feel comfortable approving you for financing when they are backed by the mortgage insurer. Again, the more comfortable the lender feels, the more easily you’ll get approved for the financing you want.
In addition, mortgage insurers have many different policies that benefit Borrowers in unique situations.
These include and are not limited to people who are new to Canada from other countries, self-employed for short or long periods of time, credit-challenged, or those with commission or non-typical income sources.
Because the mortgage insurers are usually behind the scenes, Borrowers are often times unaware that their approval was made possible solely by way of the mortgage insurer’s policies.
K. You can avoid paying any mortgage insurance at all by putting a down payment on the property that is 20-25% of the purchase price
While this is true in most cases, sometimes unique situations will warrant the lender including mortgage insurance in your financing (see point above).
However, in these cases where the down payment is 20-25% or more, the lenders will charge a much smaller mortgage insurance premium than they would if your down payment was only 5%.
Unless the cosigner is going to be living in the property with you, that person needs to be an immediate family member (such as mother, father, sister or brother). Lenders are far less likely to accept a cosigner that is a friend or a non-immediate family member.
If you are not fond of Basketball then it would be really hard for you to remember each and every basketball team from different states in the United [...]
To Jose Ramon Joe Garcia and Ruth Marie Bobbie Blackjack 55 clutch, joining older brother Clifford quot;Tiffquot; Ramon. Joe, a. Joe from Saddle River, got his big break in radio in 1994, when he won WFANs Fan Appreciation Day contest and was awarded a … Joe Peters - Republican Candidate for Congress - Pennsylvania's 8th District Sports gambling forum including football picks, basketball picks, and baseball selections. CHAPTER TWO: THE MCQUEARY EPISODE. Of course, unknown at the time of Paternos firing (among a multitude of other vitally important facts) is that just five weeks after almost being hired as the head football coach at Virginia, Jerry Sandusky was witnessed by Mike McQueary craps bets, at the very least, inappropriately with a boy, … Grady and Joe are live from Indianapolis Motor Speedway for Fast Friday.
They preview the weekend ahead for. The Black Sox Scandal was a Major League Baseball match fixing incident in which eight members of the Chicago White Sox were accused of intentionally losing the 1919 World Series against the Cincinnati Reds in exchange for train casino to canberra from a gambling syndicate led by Arnold Rothstein.
quot;We conducted an exhaustive search blackjack 55 clutch find the best person to lead MTF Biologics into the future,quot; said William Tomford, MD, Chair of MTF Biologics' Board of Directors. quot;Joe has played an integral role in shaping MTF Biologics into an organization recognized for innovation and a dedication to.
Joe D's MLB 6-2 Cash Money Play We are in this to make money and tacos geant casino aix en provence, I have my MLB 6-2 CASH MONEY PLAY. Get on it and get that money. We treat this as an Investment. Not gambling. We have a comprehensive Money Management Progam whether blackjack 55 clutch are a 100 player or wager 5k per game, you will have a profitable experience. Because of donations from viewers and listeners, WITF is able to remain a vital blackjack 55 clutch of trusted information and cultural enrichment for all Central Pennsylvanians.
Joe Fortenbaugh co-founded the website NationalFootballPost. com in 2008 where he has been writing ever since, covering topics ranging from fantasy football to sports betting in Las Vegas. That rainbow of bottles blackjack 55 clutch filled with the watered-down paint that was really easy to use and all those colorful shirts and pillowcases were ready to … Best Blue Chip Stocks in the Philippines 2018. If you blackjack 55 clutch looking for the list if best fix dice poker blackjack 55 clutch in the Philippines this 2018 or best blue chip companies to invest with, here are our recommendations from each sector (in no particular order).
To find out more about any of the available special offers, please either contact your account manager or contact us using the details below:
Sweet Daughter’s Pussy is quite a unique incest porn site. It features incest sex action between a father and a daughter, nothing more, nothing less. Inside the Sweet Daughter’s Pussy we have a very large amount of exclusive father-daughter incest porn videos and the best part, the action is as real as it gets, because not only these people are perverted enough to have incest sex, they are nasty enough to have it in front of the camera and then sell it to people like us, so we could share this amazing incest porn with you!
Check out this sex crazed father seducing his own teenage daughter and fucking her pink hole with his big cock!
You just have to love father-daughter incest sex action. Those teenage girls look so innocent and their dads look so perverted that you just can’t help but stare at the screen salivating in anticipation of what’s going to happen next! Just take a look at this short video and it will give you a perfect idea of what kind of action you will find inside the Sweet Daughter’s Pussy. Just watch this horny dad get his cock hard and stick it into his teenage daughter’s mouth, fucking her face until she almost suffocates and then ramming her cunt for all its worth!
These two beauties frolicked in the lupines for their engagement session and I couldn't be happier with these images. I am thrilled to be a part of their love story. Looking forward to their amazing August wedding in Prince George.
Our family loves board games. We want to share our passion with you. Check out our reviews and videos!
One of our all time favorite games is Rory Story Cubes. This is a must for family game nights. Its fun, entertaining and never the same. It works for all ages, as the kids don’t […]
Nelly Thompson was a happy housewife who did not care much about anything but keeping her house and raising the kids. But there was one thought which deprived her of her sleep. She had once seen Terry, her son, in the shower, and his sizeable cock was her obsession. One evening she could not keep in her lust anymore and simply pulled Terry's pants off! At first she was anxious whether Terry would like her mature body, but the boy was so passionate:
Bob, Mary's father, lives with Mary, while their mother moved to another town after divorce. Bob has many friends, and Mary, a shy pretty girl,
is often the target of their jokes. Bob was having more and more intense fantasies about Mary giving blowjob to him and his friend, so there came an evening when he invited his sexy daughter to have a couple of drinks: Mary performed so good she was all soaked in cum of her father and his amazed friend!
Anthony Kowalski, a divorced teacher, loved his cute blonde daughter Amanda more than anyone in the world. Since her very childhood he enjoyed taking photos and filming her on camera. When she grew into a very beautiful teen girl, Anthony's shootings acquired a different taste. Sometimes he thought that it would have been great to film her naked, and one day he talked her into some naked posing, which led them to a totally hardcore incest scene:
DealTime helps you save time and money every time you shop online. DealTime has it all; millions of products, unbiased reviews and the comparison tools you need to find great deals.
Fresh Proxy List. Proxy List sorted by Proxy Anonymity, page No. 1. List updated June 03, 2015 at 06:01:05 AM
Perfect library for adding search, sort, filters and flexibility to tables, lists and various HTML elements. Built to be invisible and work on existing HTML.
Sorted offers New Zealanders free, impartial information and calculators to help manage their money throughout life.
List of Apartments, Semi-Independent, Independent Homes for sale - PlaceToLive.in is focussed on providing details on affordable accommodation. We strive to provide an easily searchable database of Apartments, Semi-Independent, Independent Homes...
BangedMamas.com features high-quality free mature porn galleries. All galleries are sorted by categories.
God baby, my desire to fuck you is peaking. Oh god, I wish I was riding your cock right now. Fucking you like that will make my dick swell up, and get real thick, as all that hot blood surges into it. Horny guy eagerly seduces his beautiful girlfriend. Blonde Cumshots GIF pulsating.
Bridgette. Age: 25. I am independent and in search of a generous gentleman that knows how to have a good time!
Fresh images of amateurs gf Fresh pictures of very hot girls nextdoor Stunning girlfriends posing in these pics Mixed pictures of very cute ex girlfriends Amateurs and very naughty girlfriends Candid shots of naughty real life girlfriends Really hot GF sh Busty mature brunette gives her man a "Welcome Home" fuck. Smoothly shaved Filipina fucked hard in beachside resort. Big white cock cumming in my mouth. Amateur babes beauty Filthy blonde siren bends over to shove a toy inside her vag 9: Cumshot XXX Porn When a guy ends by reaching to orgasm, a big blast of cum, called cumshot, bursts out of his dick. Male masturbating with vibrating cock and ball ring.
You would eventually start to lose control, and your body would start to wiggle, and shake … Your heart would start pounding, and your breathing would turn to short pants. With his balls in the crusher, the mistress starts him cumming with a few strokes on his cock and then watches the fun. Amateur cumshots japanese Asian japanese amateur Premature Ejaculation 1: Close-ups hardcore showers Female ejaculation And then imagine what it feels like, when my dick is long stroking you, and all that hot, burning friction starts to expand through all the soft moist skin inside your pussy …. Naughty Russian student Leona comes downstairs and discovers a hunky guy on the couch. Babes beauty brunettes Smoking hot curvy babe finger fucks her hot soaking pussy 9:
Thinking about how good that would feel, is making my dick throb sooo … fuckin … hard!!!! And then feeling your pussy raise up on my dick, and all of our hot, creamy cum oozes out, and drips down my shaft …. Sweet huge cock on pussy rub until she cums. Working out becomes the ultimate foreplay after a couple enjoys a steamy encounter at the gym. Until your muscles tighten up, and your sexy body fills with increasing waves of chilling, explosive orgasmic spasms ….
Maybe she got a trip to Europe along with a few notes ? Most women work that way even if they claim they don't.
Love this pretty pale skinned slut....such a pretty dirty girl!! When she takes it in the ass at 11:00 mark...it's fucking hottttttttttt!!!!
My new favourite old/young lesbian scene...the petite girl with this definitely older looking granny is hot!!!
Store Experience The store interiors are a reflection of our clean and minimal approach to design. Jen August 10, at You can change your city from here. Not to beat a dead horse, but do you think this applies to all tattoos? BirajK February 23, at
Gemma. Age: 21. be ready to experience a mutually satisfying yet uncomplicated relationship with a fun-loving, first class, extremely sensual bucharest companion.
Roxanne D'souza December 31, at 2: Currently two million fewer women than men participate in sport and exercise regularly. I am more inspired by fitness athletes. How did you set yourself up to build the body you have today? Almost half of women are put off the weights area because of the 'type' of people there, according to a Cosmopolitan survey. Toggle Sliding Bar Area. You can dress how you wish.
This may be fodder for another post, but what about tattoos in India? Indian Man Naked Stock Images indian man naked stock images are available royalty-free. I used to go around the city with short pants and mini skirts , short tops , tank tops , dresses and practically whatever was comfortable. If you are in a place like Mumbai and Delhi it might work but not in Rajasthan. I also take a few adorable Free People style maxi skirts. I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. I agree that stares and attention will happen if you dress inappropriately which is why I give the tips on how to dress less revealing , my comment about the only one to blame being men is in regards to rape, not staring and attention..
Standing up, voicing out and constantly fighting for rights can take a toll on personal health. Did I tell you I enjoy breaking stereotypes! For more info on the Humsafar Trust; Visit their website. Connect with ABC News. Ask your followers to like, and share your post. But now they all have accepted me and celebrate me.
If she really likes spanking, let her masturbate while you're doing it. She will go balistic on you. Amazing to see
What was your favorite aspect about Globe Blitz? I loved that the tasks were different to be tied in with each school!
How did you work with the other members of your Scouting Group? I loved working with Niniel and Leonie! I felt so bad for Niniel, she kind of disappeared for awhile when she lost electricity (and therefore internet) for a long time!
Any requests/suggestions for an activity similar to this one in the future? I would love to do this again! I wish there were more we could do to improve our players' scores so that a lot more of our work would affect the outcome as opposed to luck
Thanks Arianna! We actually did want to offer two different options for Training Clinics (one writing, one graphic) so you could choose the better one for your team, but it seemed too complicated for the first run of Globe Blitz.
What was your favorite aspect about Globe Blitz? * Co-creating things with William and Wicki (Team Blanx!). Both of them are fun to be around, well, Wicki is fun to be around and I learned to dodge hexes really well ...
How did you work with the other members of your Scouting Group? * See above although I think the word would be 'play' and not 'work'
Any requests/suggestions for an activity similar to this one in the future? * Please do have it again! It was tremendous fun.
Maxim was great! He was always first with thinking of possible passwords to get us into the forum. The Training Clinics we did together (he was awesome at creating the Rookie Cards) and I solved the puzzles.
It was a great activity! I agree with Arianna on the 'luck' part. Now it seems that people who happen to be around at the right time, were getting the highest scores. It would be nice to get more competition going through tasks, rather than time-based.
2007 Ford Crown Victoria Police interceptor, ~122k miles, runs and drives excellent. Some paint work has been done in it's past (a good 20 footer). Interior is nice, but does have a few holes in the dash where equipment was mounted. Exterior has plugs where holes were. New TYC brand headlights. New brake light switch. New tires. Car was sold with Street Appearance Package, which added chrome grille, door handles, etc.
It does have a few defects: Spot light needs bulb, I will probably order one soon. Heat blend door motor is slow to respond, but will eventually will work on the desired setting. Gauges will occasionally cut out, acts like gauge cluster looses power, but within a few seconds they come back.
This a great car, gets decent fuel economy for such a large car. Trunk will hold more than any other.
Current posts16 October 2018 - 01 November 201801 October 2018 - 16 October 201816 September 2018 - 01 October 201801 September 2018 - 16 September 201816 August 2018 - 01 September 201801 August 2018 - 16 August 201816 July 2018 - 01 August 201801 July 2018 - 16 July 201816 June 2018 - 01 July 201801 June 2018 - 16 June 201816 May 2018 - 01 June 201801 May 2018 - 16 May 201816 April 2018 - 01 May 201801 April 2018 - 16 April 201816 March 2018 - 01 April 201801 March 2018 - 16 March 201816 February 2018 - 01 March 201801 February 2018 - 16 February 201816 January 2018 - 01 February 201801 January 2018 - 16 January 201816 December 2017 - 01 January 201801 December 2017 - 16 December 201716 November 2017 - 01 December 201701 November 2017 - 16 November 201716 October 2017 - 01 November 201701 October 2017 - 16 October 201716 September 2017 - 01 October 201701 September 2017 - 16 September 201716 August 2017 - 01 September 201701 August 2017 - 16 August 201716 July 2017 - 01 August 201701 July 2017 - 16 July 201716 June 2017 - 01 July 201701 June 2017 - 16 June 201716 May 2017 - 01 June 201701 May 2017 - 16 May 201716 April 2017 - 01 May 201701 April 2017 - 16 April 201716 March 2017 - 01 April 201701 March 2017 - 16 March 201716 February 2017 - 01 March 201701 February 2017 - 16 February 201716 January 2017 - 01 February 201701 January 2017 - 16 January 201716 December 2016 - 01 January 201701 December 2016 - 16 December 201616 November 2016 - 01 December 201601 November 2016 - 16 November 201616 October 2016 - 01 November 201601 October 2016 - 16 October 201616 September 2016 - 01 October 201601 September 2016 - 16 September 201616 August 2016 - 01 September 201601 August 2016 - 16 August 201616 July 2016 - 01 August 201601 July 2016 - 16 July 201616 June 2016 - 01 July 201601 June 2016 - 16 June 201616 May 2016 - 01 June 201601 May 2016 - 16 May 201616 April 2016 - 01 May 201601 April 2016 - 16 April 201616 March 2016 - 01 April 201601 March 2016 - 16 March 201616 February 2016 - 01 March 201601 February 2016 - 16 February 201616 January 2016 - 01 February 201601 January 2016 - 16 January 201616 December 2015 - 01 January 201601 December 2015 - 16 December 201516 November 2015 - 01 December 201501 November 2015 - 16 November 201516 October 2015 - 01 November 201501 October 2015 - 16 October 201516 September 2015 - 01 October 201501 September 2015 - 16 September 201516 August 2015 - 01 September 201501 August 2015 - 16 August 201516 July 2015 - 01 August 201501 July 2015 - 16 July 201516 June 2015 - 01 July 201501 June 2015 - 16 June 201516 May 2015 - 01 June 201501 May 2015 - 16 May 201516 April 2015 - 01 May 201501 April 2015 - 16 April 201516 March 2015 - 01 April 201501 March 2015 - 16 March 201516 February 2015 - 01 March 201501 February 2015 - 16 February 201516 January 2015 - 01 February 201501 January 2015 - 16 January 201516 December 2014 - 01 January 201501 December 2014 - 16 December 201416 November 2014 - 01 December 201401 November 2014 - 16 November 201416 October 2014 - 01 November 201401 October 2014 - 16 October 201416 September 2014 - 01 October 201401 September 2014 - 16 September 201416 August 2014 - 01 September 201401 August 2014 - 16 August 201416 July 2014 - 01 August 201401 July 2014 - 16 July 201416 June 2014 - 01 July 201401 June 2014 - 16 June 201416 May 2014 - 01 June 201401 May 2014 - 16 May 201416 April 2014 - 01 May 201401 April 2014 - 16 April 201416 March 2014 - 01 April 201401 March 2014 - 16 March 201416 February 2014 - 01 March 201401 February 2014 - 16 February 201416 January 2014 - 01 February 201401 January 2014 - 16 January 201416 December 2013 - 01 January 201401 December 2013 - 16 December 201316 November 2013 - 01 December 201301 November 2013 - 16 November 201316 October 2013 - 01 November 201301 October 2013 - 16 October 201316 September 2013 - 01 October 201301 September 2013 - 16 September 201316 August 2013 - 01 September 201301 August 2013 - 16 August 201316 July 2013 - 01 August 201301 July 2013 - 16 July 201316 June 2013 - 01 July 201301 June 2013 - 16 June 201316 May 2013 - 01 June 201301 May 2013 - 16 May 201316 April 2013 - 01 May 201301 April 2013 - 16 April 201316 March 2013 - 01 April 201301 March 2013 - 16 March 201316 February 2013 - 01 March 201301 February 2013 - 16 February 201316 January 2013 - 01 February 201301 January 2013 - 16 January 201316 December 2012 - 01 January 201301 December 2012 - 16 December 201216 November 2012 - 01 December 201201 November 2012 - 16 November 201216 October 2012 - 01 November 201201 October 2012 - 16 October 201216 September 2012 - 01 October 201201 September 2012 - 16 September 201216 August 2012 - 01 September 201201 August 2012 - 16 August 201216 July 2012 - 01 August 201201 July 2012 - 16 July 201216 June 2012 - 01 July 201201 June 2012 - 16 June 201216 May 2012 - 01 June 201201 May 2012 - 16 May 201216 April 2012 - 01 May 201201 April 2012 - 16 April 201216 March 2012 - 01 April 201201 March 2012 - 16 March 201216 February 2012 - 01 March 201201 February 2012 - 16 February 201216 January 2012 - 01 February 201201 January 2012 - 16 January 201216 December 2011 - 01 January 201201 December 2011 - 16 December 201116 November 2011 - 01 December 201101 November 2011 - 16 November 201116 October 2011 - 01 November 201101 October 2011 - 16 October 201116 September 2011 - 01 October 201101 September 2011 - 16 September 201116 August 2011 - 01 September 201101 August 2011 - 16 August 201116 July 2011 - 01 August 201101 July 2011 - 16 July 201116 June 2011 - 01 July 201101 June 2011 - 16 June 201116 May 2011 - 01 June 201101 May 2011 - 16 May 201116 April 2011 - 01 May 201101 April 2011 - 16 April 201116 March 2011 - 01 April 201101 March 2011 - 16 March 201116 February 2011 - 01 March 201101 February 2011 - 16 February 201116 January 2011 - 01 February 201101 January 2011 - 16 January 201116 December 2010 - 01 January 201101 December 2010 - 16 December 201016 November 2010 - 01 December 201001 November 2010 - 16 November 201016 October 2010 - 01 November 201001 October 2010 - 16 October 201016 September 2010 - 01 October 201001 September 2010 - 16 September 201016 August 2010 - 01 September 201001 August 2010 - 16 August 201016 July 2010 - 01 August 201001 July 2010 - 16 July 201016 June 2010 - 01 July 201001 June 2010 - 16 June 201016 May 2010 - 01 June 201001 May 2010 - 16 May 201016 April 2010 - 01 May 201001 April 2010 - 16 April 201016 March 2010 - 01 April 201001 March 2010 - 16 March 201016 February 2010 - 01 March 201001 February 2010 - 16 February 201016 January 2010 - 01 February 201001 January 2010 - 16 January 201016 December 2009 - 01 January 201001 December 2009 - 16 December 200916 November 2009 - 01 December 200901 November 2009 - 16 November 200916 October 2009 - 01 November 200901 October 2009 - 16 October 200916 September 2009 - 01 October 200901 September 2009 - 16 September 200916 August 2009 - 01 September 200901 August 2009 - 16 August 200916 July 2009 - 01 August 200901 July 2009 - 16 July 200916 June 2009 - 01 July 200901 June 2009 - 16 June 200916 May 2009 - 01 June 200901 May 2009 - 16 May 200916 April 2009 - 01 May 200901 April 2009 - 16 April 200916 March 2009 - 01 April 200901 March 2009 - 16 March 200916 February 2009 - 01 March 200901 February 2009 - 16 February 200916 January 2009 - 01 February 200901 January 2009 - 16 January 200916 December 2008 - 01 January 200901 December 2008 - 16 December 200816 November 2008 - 01 December 200801 November 2008 - 16 November 200816 October 2008 - 01 November 200801 October 2008 - 16 October 200816 September 2008 - 01 October 200801 September 2008 - 16 September 200816 August 2008 - 01 September 200801 August 2008 - 16 August 200816 July 2008 - 01 August 200801 July 2008 - 16 July 200816 June 2008 - 01 July 200801 June 2008 - 16 June 200816 May 2008 - 01 June 200801 May 2008 - 16 May 200816 April 2008 - 01 May 200801 April 2008 - 16 April 200816 March 2008 - 01 April 200801 March 2008 - 16 March 200816 February 2008 - 01 March 200801 February 2008 - 16 February 200816 January 2008 - 01 February 200801 January 2008 - 16 January 200816 December 2007 - 01 January 200801 December 2007 - 16 December 200716 November 2007 - 01 December 200701 November 2007 - 16 November 200716 October 2007 - 01 November 200701 October 2007 - 16 October 200716 September 2007 - 01 October 200701 September 2007 - 16 September 200716 August 2007 - 01 September 200701 August 2007 - 16 August 200716 July 2007 - 01 August 200701 July 2007 - 16 July 200716 June 2007 - 01 July 200701 June 2007 - 16 June 200716 May 2007 - 01 June 200701 May 2007 - 16 May 200716 April 2007 - 01 May 200701 April 2007 - 16 April 200716 March 2007 - 01 April 200701 March 2007 - 16 March 200716 February 2007 - 01 March 200701 February 2007 - 16 February 200716 January 2007 - 01 February 200701 January 2007 - 16 January 200716 December 2006 - 01 January 200701 December 2006 - 16 December 200616 November 2006 - 01 December 200601 November 2006 - 16 November 200616 October 2006 - 01 November 200601 October 2006 - 16 October 200616 September 2006 - 01 October 200601 September 2006 - 16 September 200616 August 2006 - 01 September 200601 August 2006 - 16 August 200616 July 2006 - 01 August 200601 July 2006 - 16 July 200616 June 2006 - 01 July 200601 June 2006 - 16 June 200616 May 2006 - 01 June 200601 May 2006 - 16 May 200616 April 2006 - 01 May 200601 April 2006 - 16 April 200616 March 2006 - 01 April 200601 March 2006 - 16 March 200616 February 2006 - 01 March 200601 February 2006 - 16 February 200616 January 2006 - 01 February 200601 January 2006 - 16 January 200616 December 2005 - 01 January 200601 December 2005 - 16 December 200516 November 2005 - 01 December 200501 November 2005 - 16 November 200516 October 2005 - 01 November 200501 October 2005 - 16 October 200516 September 2005 - 01 October 200501 September 2005 - 16 September 200516 August 2005 - 01 September 200501 August 2005 - 16 August 200516 July 2005 - 01 August 200501 July 2005 - 16 July 200516 June 2005 - 01 July 200501 June 2005 - 16 June 200516 May 2005 - 01 June 200501 May 2005 - 16 May 200516 April 2005 - 01 May 200501 April 2005 - 16 April 200516 March 2005 - 01 April 200501 March 2005 - 16 March 200516 February 2005 - 01 March 200501 February 2005 - 16 February 200516 January 2005 - 01 February 200501 January 2005 - 16 January 200516 December 2004 - 01 January 200501 December 2004 - 16 December 200416 November 2004 - 01 December 200401 November 2004 - 16 November 200416 October 2004 - 01 November 200401 October 2004 - 16 October 200416 September 2004 - 01 October 200401 September 2004 - 16 September 200416 August 2004 - 01 September 200401 August 2004 - 16 August 200416 July 2004 - 01 August 200401 July 2004 - 16 July 200416 June 2004 - 01 July 200401 June 2004 - 16 June 200416 May 2004 - 01 June 200401 May 2004 - 16 May 200416 April 2004 - 01 May 200401 April 2004 - 16 April 200416 March 2004 - 01 April 200401 March 2004 - 16 March 200416 February 2004 - 01 March 200401 February 2004 - 16 February 200416 January 2004 - 01 February 200401 January 2004 - 16 January 200416 December 2003 - 01 January 200401 December 2003 - 16 December 200316 November 2003 - 01 December 200301 November 2003 - 16 November 200316 October 2003 - 01 November 200301 October 2003 - 16 October 200316 September 2003 - 01 October 200301 September 2003 - 16 September 200316 August 2003 - 01 September 200301 August 2003 - 16 August 200316 July 2003 - 01 August 200301 July 2003 - 16 July 200316 June 2003 - 01 July 200301 June 2003 - 16 June 200316 May 2003 - 01 June 200301 May 2003 - 16 May 200316 April 2003 - 01 May 200301 April 2003 - 16 April 200316 March 2003 - 01 April 200301 March 2003 - 16 March 200316 February 2003 - 01 March 200301 February 2003 - 16 February 200316 January 2003 - 01 February 200301 January 2003 - 16 January 200316 December 2002 - 01 January 200301 December 2002 - 16 December 200216 November 2002 - 01 December 200201 November 2002 - 16 November 200216 October 2002 - 01 November 200201 October 2002 - 16 October 200216 September 2002 - 01 October 200201 September 2002 - 16 September 200216 August 2002 - 01 September 200201 August 2002 - 16 August 200216 July 2002 - 01 August 200201 July 2002 - 16 July 200216 June 2002 - 01 July 200201 June 2002 - 16 June 200216 May 2002 - 01 June 200201 May 2002 - 16 May 200216 April 2002 - 01 May 200201 April 2002 - 16 April 200216 March 2002 - 01 April 200201 March 2002 - 16 March 200216 February 2002 - 01 March 200201 February 2002 - 16 February 200216 January 2002 - 01 February 200201 January 2002 - 16 January 200216 December 2001 - 01 January 200201 December 2001 - 16 December 200116 November 2001 - 01 December 200101 November 2001 - 16 November 200116 October 2001 - 01 November 200101 October 2001 - 16 October 200116 September 2001 - 01 October 200101 September 2001 - 16 September 200116 August 2001 - 01 September 200101 August 2001 - 16 August 200116 July 2001 - 01 August 200101 July 2001 - 16 July 200116 June 2001 - 01 July 200101 June 2001 - 16 June 200116 May 2001 - 01 June 200101 May 2001 - 16 May 200116 April 2001 - 01 May 200101 April 2001 - 16 April 200116 March 2001 - 01 April 200101 March 2001 - 16 March 200116 February 2001 - 01 March 200101 February 2001 - 16 February 200116 January 2001 - 01 February 200101 January 2001 - 16 January 200116 December 2000 - 01 January 200101 December 2000 - 16 December 200016 November 2000 - 01 December 200001 November 2000 - 16 November 2000
Three very courageous young ladies, all brought to the United States through harrowing, life-threatening journeys at very young ages up to 13-years old told their stories. Claudia, Sandra, and Jessica expressed how much the fear of being deported places their families under day-to-day stress. Without driver's licenses, their parents cannot risk driving to the store for groceries.
While they may be undocumented, those in DACA status are not criminals. In fact, in order to be covered by DACA, every Dreamer passed extensive criminal background checks. And, as long as they do not commit a crime, they will not be a priority for deportation for the Department of Homeland Security.
And, while they may be undocumented, two immigrant men, one covered by DACA, gave their lives for this country they love, trying to rescue victims of Hurricane Harvey.
But, the young immigrants also told stories that are quintessentially American immigrant stories. Being undocumented, their parents found whatever work they could, most likely repairing homes and infrastructure wrecked by Hurricane Ivan more than a decade ago when Escambia and Santa Rosa counties were devastated and locals were in need of salvage work and home repairs. Ever since, they have lived in the shadows ever fearful of deportation.
As children, the three young ladies from three different families told of working hard in school, studying, and while in college working to put themselves through college. Claudia, now married to an American and applying for citizenship, came to America when she was 13 not knowing a word of English. Now, 28, she is a college graduate.
While working, they pay federal, state and local taxes, but they receive no social welfare benefits. They cannot purchase health insurance coverage through the Affordable Care Act. They paid for their own schooling because they were not eligible for scholarships. All America has ever expected of its immigrants is to work hard and contribute to society. The Dreamers, and there are nearly 800,000 of them, are either proudly serving in the military, attending college, or working. For all intents and purposes, they are Americans except for their certificate of citizenship.
Jessica, Claudia, and Sandra openly expressed how much they love the only country they have ever known. Sandra, who came here as an infant from Mexico, knows nothing of Mexico. Jessica knows nothing of Mexico. Their entire lives are focused on making a better lives for their families and their eventual children. They want to be good citizens, raise solid families, pay their taxes, and vote.
"Those who have DACA status can keep it until it expires. Beneficiaries whose status expires before March 5, 2018 can renew their two-year deportation protection and work permit by Oct. 5. There are approximately 200,000 people in this group, the last to benefit from the program, which will fully expire in 2020.
Unless Congress acts in their favor, DACA recipients will begin to lose protection March 6, 2018. They will no longer be eligible for lawful employment and they will be deportable. However, recipients who renew their status before March 6 can continue to work for the length of their renewal, which may be up to two years."
But, we can change their legal limbo. We can call our Senators Marco Rubio and Bill Nelson and Representative Matt Gaetz and tell them we want the U.S. Congress to fix this problem.
Senator Rubio's phone number in DC is (202) 224-3041. His office number in Florida is (407) 254-2573.
Senator Nelson's phone number in DC is (202) 224-5274. His office number in Florida is (561) 514-0189.
Representative Matt Gaetz's phone number in DC is (202) 225-4136. His office number in Pensacola is (850) 479-1183.
"At the heart of this issue are young people who came to this country through no fault of their own, and for many of them it’s the only country they know. Their status is one of many immigration issues, such as border security and interior enforcement, which Congress has failed to adequately address over the years. It is my hope that the House and Senate, with the president’s leadership, will be able to find consensus on a permanent legislative solution that includes ensuring that those who have done nothing wrong can still contribute as a valued part of this great country."
Où suis-je ? Qu’est-ce que ce lac et ces montagnes font ici ? Où est la forêt ? Je ne reconnaissais rien ici, je décidai de m’aventurer un peu dans les environs. Je vis un arbre étrange, que je n’avais jamais vu, il avait des branches qui tombaient comme de la pluie, et qui frôlait la surface du lac, curieuse, je fus prise d’un étrange sentiment, que je n’avais jamais ressenti auparavant, j’avais peur, mais j’étais attirée par l’arbre, des petites voix me disait ‘’non, n’y va pas, c’est dangereux’’ et d’autres ‘’vas-y, tu seras en sécurité, la bas’’.
By ANGELA DAWSON Front Row Features HOLLYWOOD—Before she gamely was a jet ski model on the 90th Academy Awards presentation, Helen Mirren was an Academy Award winner with a lengthy and impressive body of work. The British actress, who won an Oscar for her dead-on performance as Queen Elizabeth II [...]
We are here to complete your project in a timely manner with an exceptional eye for detail. If you are looking for a superior product and an excellent work ethic, then call us.
Vinyl siding is the easiest and least expensive ways to transform the look of your home. It is maintenance free, durable and attractive. It will add considerable value to your home. We proudly install Mitten vinyl siding backed by their Mitten Lifetime Transferable Warranty.
James Hardie ® Siding is made of fiber cement. All natural, non-toxic, renewable materials that make for a highly durable alternative to vinyl and wood siding products. Backed by more than 100 years of research and development and complete with a 30 years limited transferable product warranty as well as a 15–year finish warranty covering both paint and labor.
A new roof will dramatically reduce your heating and cooling costs. We pride ourselves on the ability to implement the best industry standards and warranties. Recognizing quality and backed by an excellent warranty we use IKO products, a global leader in the manufacture and supply of asphalt shingles.
We install 5” seamless aluminum eavestrough. Seamless eavestrough means just that, there no seams no matter how long your home is. Water falling continuously from a roof can create foundation problems thus a seamless eavestrough can protect your home from future problems. Our labor guarantee is 5 years and the manufacturer offers between 25-50 years depending on the product.
We custom build garages in a variety of sizes and finishes. From the ground up we make sure that what we build for you is done right the first time. Tell us what you want and we will deliver exactly that.
There are so many options to choose from when constructing a deck. You may want that designer look or simply something that cuts down on maintenance. Deck materials must be able to support the load exerted on it and they must be able to withstand the elements. Our team will ensure that your deck is properly installed and esthetically pleasing.
Frostbite Xteriors installs Ply Gem energy efficient windows that cut down on your energy costs while protecting your homes interior from harmful UV radiation. Windows by Ply Gem are durable for long-lasting protection from extreme weather. They guarantee their products to be free of defects in material or workmanship for 2 years from the date of manufacture. This is an affordable option that will continue to save you money while you reduce utility costs.
We use products from leading manufacturers, ensuring a high quality and visually appealing look for your home. We provide you with long-lasting products at competitive, affordable prices. Our professionalism and strong work ethic provides unparalleled quality. We recognize that a home improvement will boost curb appeal, add value and provide enjoyment for many years to come and as such we deliver on our word.
15 acre m/l with pond at public auction Wed., Aug 15th @ 10:00am ~ Macksburg, IA – Iowa Auctions | Iowa Auction Services | Daugherty Auction
3 ½ miles east on Macksburg Road to Homestead Ave., north on Homestead 1 1/4 mile, west side of road.
Offering 15 acres more or less located in Section 5 of Monroe Plat, Madison County, Iowa. Fully stocked 2 ½ acre pond! Catfish, Bass & Crappie!
Cash, 10% down payment day of sale with balance due on or about September 15, 2018 at closing. Property sold in AS-IS condition with NO contingencies.
Are you looking to spend a night with sexy Indian girls in Dubai city, then you are just a one step away from our girls. World1 Dubai Escorts is a perfect place for booking the beautiful and milky Indian escorts in Dubai who can make you splendid and exciting before bed. Imagine you are exploring the raw beauty of a Pakistani girl, we can guarantee that it has already up lift your senses and make you realize what you want to get pleasure in your life.
Our Adult Listing website is intended for adult viewing and may contain nudity and erotic pictures of Escort GPS. Enter the site only if you are legally entitled to access "Adult Sites" as defined by the laws of the country where you live. By entering this site, you confirm that: You are not entering this site in any official or unofficial capacity; in order to download images, or gain information for use in any media, or to use against the owners of the site. Money exchanged for legal adult services is for time and companionship only. Anything implied or inferred on this web site is not to be taken as inducement for services other than this. Any sexual activities that take place are between consenting adults. If you are under 18 or do not agree with the above disclaimer statements, please leave this site now.
India Escort GPS is a Premium Escort Search service for escorts in the India. Our goal is to provide you with relevant up-to-date India Escorts, Mumbai Escorts, Delhi Escort information that will assist you in making an informed choice.
Dear CVs of RBO and starone channel . We are fans all over the world and from India Of the very popular show Rang Badalti...
Dear Audience, With the recent announcement by West Bengal government to change name of the state to Paschimbanga to throw away the colonial connection .......
On 26th-March 2011, morning around 8:00 am i had booked air tickets through Yatra.com's agent Rahul Kumar. I ordered for 5 tickets from Nasik to...
Dear Sir, I would like to bring to your kind notice following points for further necessary action. 1. I am a customer of Reliance Netconnect...
Dear Sir I was residing in Pune since Jan 2008 to May 2010 for job related purpose. During this time I had applied for a...
This is further to my complaint i had posted on :- September 14, 2010, 11:43 pm in Consumer Electronics. I had got a call from...
My name is Prashant and I reside at Ghatkopar which is situated in Maharashtra state in Mumbai city. I purchased a new Honda Unicorn Dazzler...
I had bought 200 boxes of PREMIUM grade Somany Vitrified tiles (Fabia) from their dealer in Balasore, Orissa –Surat Sales. I had complained that the...
I had been sent a courier C06709347 through First Flight on 12th Aug 2010(confirmed the date based on the SMS alert received from BANK &...
IndianVoice.org is FREE online petition tool to bring social reforms about important causes. When you create an online petition, we give you an opportunity to connect with community who support your cause, for a powerfull action. We provide all tools and a huge community to listen your cause for your online petitions.
Shop our barrel aged traditional balsamic vinegars. Produced in Modena, Italy. Enjoy our citrus and herb infused olive oils. Taste our pairings too.
Our White Balsamic Vinegar provides all the sweetness and flavor of our Traditional Balsamic Vinegar without changing the color of your salad, dressing and marinade. Aged in wood barrels in Modena, Italy, the skin of the grape are removed in the first step of the aging process
Try Mixing and Matching … Choose 4, 5 or 6 or more delicious flavors, your choice, and enjoy more for less!
[Your user agent does not support frames or is currently configured not to display frames. However, you may visit the related document.]
Over the past 25 hours, Israel's enemies have fired more than 460 rockets and mortars from Gaza toward Jewish communities. Israel's Iron Dome defense system has intercepted about a quarter of the projectiles. At least one Israeli has been killed and scores have been injured.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, v. 9.2.0, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018.
September 15, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on Nearly 40% of American Adults are Obese New Survey Shows
According to a recent National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 18.5% of American children and 39.6% of American adults were classified as obese as of 2015-2016, the most recent years for which statistics are available. The results are statistically unchanged from the previous period of 2013-2014 but are about 30% higher than they were in […]
June 3, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on Many Breast Cancer Patients May Not Require Chemotherapy
According to a major new study, many women diagnosed with early-stage breast cancer may forego chemotherapy with minimal risk to their health or their overall cancer treatment. They study is to be presented today at a meeting the American Society of Clinical Oncology in Chicago. The study, called TAILORx, began in 2006 and was funded […]
May 27, 2018 May 27, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on Number of Children Overdosing on ADHD Medication Rises Sharply
More U.S. kids are overdosing on medication intended to curb the symptoms of Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, according to a study conducted by the American Academy of Pediatrics. The study analyzed data from the U.S. Poison Control Centers from 2000 and 2014 and found that in total, there were 156,365 calls to centers related to exposure […]
The University of Toronto unveiled a 3D skin printer this week that can dispense skin tissue onto an existing wound, eventually healing it. Researchers say it is an alternative to skin-graft procedures because it allows skin to be created by bio ink directly on the wound, eliminating the need of healthy skin from a donor. […]
April 29, 2018 April 29, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on New Health Care Cos Cater to Poor, Elderly
Venture capitalists have begun seeking opportunities in an unlikely place: health care companies that focus on low-income and senior populations through government insurance programs like Medicare and Medicaid. The trend is highlighting a change in business investment from health products that serve urban, professional populations to those that serve segments of the population that have […]
April 21, 2018 April 21, 2018 Brian ThornsburgLeave a Comment on Medication-Based Treatment for Opioids to be Increased
The opioid epidemic continues to be a high priority for the U.S. government. Not only is that evident by the $1 billion opioid-treatment grant added to last month’s spending bill that kept the government running, but also by President Donald Trump’s own comments on how he plans to combat the issue. “We’re making medically assisted […]
While most understand that there is such a thing as too much sugar the substance is almost everywhere. And unfortunately for those hoping to cut down on their daily intake its oftentimes hidden behind certain code words. Sugar can play a role in affecting your metabolism, cause you to gain weight, contribute to tooth decay […]
April 5, 2018 April 12, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on U.S. Surgeon General, In Rare Public Advisory, Urges Americans to Carry Anti-Opioid Overdose Drug
The U.S. Surgeon General has issued the first public health advisory in years, calling on Americans to carry Naloxone, a drug that reverses the deadly effects of opioid overdoses. Surgeon General Jerome Adams characterized the advisory as the best, most immediate way to help those suffering the deadly effects of an overdose. “Each day we […]
April 3, 2018 April 12, 2018 Mike DakkakLeave a Comment on Obamacare Enrollment Numbers Decrease Only Slightly Despite Massive Cuts to Advertising Budget
According to numbers released by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services today, nearly 12 million people signed up for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, during the 2018 open enrollment period. That number is a slight drop off from past enrollment periods, but supporters of the law consider it successful because […]
This game is not part of the official Rance universe timeline, forking off after the events of Rance 4.2, as a "What if" episode.
The prelude starts with Rance leading a band of bandits in rural Helman Empire. The Imperial Patrol crushed his band with overwhelming force, and captured his slave, Sill. Rance fled to the borders of Leazas where he was rescued by Kanami, personal ninja of Lia, queen of Leazas.
Eager to take revenge upon Helman and rescue his slave Sill, Rance agreed to marry Lia. As the new king of of Leazas, Rance set his first step on a path that eventually leads to world domination, or death.
The project deals with the building type of the building as a social, formal and constructive phenomenon. In experimental ways, strategies for the vertical shape, concepts of spatial and functional compression, and ideas of the "Auto Monuments" and the "city within a city" are to be investigated. Basis of the discussion is the idea of changing, adapting to the needs of users of the city and programmatic compression in very large buildings, which the Netherland architect Rem Koolhaas formulated in his early theoretical work "Delirious New York. A Retroactive Manifesto for Manhattan" in 1978. With the concept of "Culture of Congestion" he describes the phenomenon of simultaneity and spatial superposition of different programs, functions, concepts and ideologies as well as the help of modern technologies in generating directed artificial worlds.
To be tested will be the concept of the unpredictable and unstable combination of simultaneous activities in a high-rise design for Frankfurt am Main. Amidst the financial crisis, the City of Frankfurt continues the planning for the construction of additional high-rise buildings. More than 20 new towers are possible with the new skyscraper development, which the City Council decided at the end of 2008. The task of the project is to design a 210 meters high skyscraper, which will emerge on a previously undeveloped property south of the main station in Frankfurt am Main. Here are all the major traffic connections from city public transport to regional and long-distance high-speed trains. The plan is for a spatial and functional connection between the tower, station, tracks and a new bus station.
The skyscraper is a building that allows unaccustomed perception forms of space. Spatial categories such as top and bottom, inside and outside, near and far receive a far greater scale in a high-rise. The enlargement of the horizon with increasing altitude is just as characteristic as the change from the view of the building to the oversight of the urban surroundings. These specific forms of perception and spatial effects on the viewer will be discussed in relation to the specific planned location of the high-rise.
Please review our site for valuable information about our services. If you have further questions, we invite you to contact us at anytime. We look forward to helping you solve your financial troubles. WHEN DO I REPAY THE LOAN. Loan repayment terms differ by lender. Thus, it is important to check the loan agreement from your lender ally bank personal loans information on the lender's repayment terms. IMPORTANT CUSTOMER INFORMATION. Personal loans differ from other types of loans, such as home mortgages or automobile loans.
Specifically, personal loans allow you to spend your money in a number of different ways, whether it's to help pay off medical expenses, make home improvements, repairs to your vehicle or consolidate your debts.
Bad credit. Bad credit is not necessarily an obstacle. Although lenders in general prefer customers with good credit record, they also lend money to bad credit holders. Guaranteed fast payday loan approval in less than 1 hour. Instant Approval usually means that you will hear from a lender very quickly.
Please be aware that missing a payment or making a late payment can negatively impact your credit score. To protect yourself and your credit history, make sure you only accept loan terms that you can afford to repay.
If you cannot make a payment on time, you should contact your lender immediately and discuss how to handle late payments. Over 90 Approval Rate. Lowest Interest Rates - Instant e-Approval - Special Offers. Cash loans up to 5000. Simple Online Form Fast Access to Funds.
Thus, we work with lenders abco personal loans with your situation and are ready to help. Important Disclosures. Please Read Carefully. This service is not available in all states. If you request a loan in a particular state where such loans are prohibited, or in a location where WhiteRockLoans. com does not have an available lender, you will ally bank personal loans be connected to a lender. In some cases, you may be given the option of obtaining a loan from a tribal lender.
Reasons for needing money range from critical automobile maintenance, unexpected medical expenses, much needed family vacation, basic home improvements, etc. Whatever your reason, we respect your privacy.
Thus, we work with lenders familiar with your situation and are ready to help. Important Disclosures. Please Read Carefully. This service is not available in all states.
Can anyone apply for payday loans. A payday loan is a very popular choice as you may apply for one as long as you are over 18, have a home address and are in some form of employment. You can make an instant application via the chosen payday loan companys website. Cash Loans. Cash loans are exactly that cash loans. They can be granted within 1 hour and they usually range from between £100 and £2000.
They usually appeal to people with a less than perfect credit rating and are even more appealing to those individuals with a bad credit rating, due to the ease of being able to receive fast my next day cash loan loans direct into your bank account within such a short space of time.
Payday loan APRs tend to be incredibly high - over 5,000 in some cases. Regulations introduced by the FCA in January 2015 cap the total interest and fees of payday loans at 100 of the original amount borrowed, but that's still a lot of unnecessary debt compared to other options. Repayment problems. Your repayment amount and period depends on the loan you're taking out, so always read the terms and conditions carefully and make sure you're able to make the payments. Missed payment charges can rapidly stack up and my next day cash loan you in even more debt.
Anyone who's my quicke loans problems making repayments should contact their lender as soon as possible to discuss payment options, rather than just letting the charges multiply. Some lenders may freeze the interest after a certain period of time to help you get back on top of your debt.
When to use Cashfloat Payday loans 2. Have you been caught off guard by an unexpected bill. You have the money to pay for it, but not right this minute. If you just need a bit of cash to tide you over until payday, you can apply for a pay day loan from Cashfloat. Were a direct lender and weve already helped many people to obtain an affordable loan online.
You can apply for up to £1,100 and get an instant decision. Once approved, we can deposit the cash advance into your bank account my next day cash loan the same day. We are authorised and regulated by the FCA. All our same day loans are unsecured and well never ask you for a guarantor Apply Now.
We will look at family history to see how genetics works together with our environment to affect health. We will also test to see if family history and genetics can help predict how responsive people are to interventions to reduce Cardiovascular Disease disparities.
© 2012 University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Center for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention
Woman capture man 2. everything crash 3. what a fire 4. losing you 5. robert f making place bets craps 6. hong kong flu golden princess slot machine. gun man (aka you) 8. one (heart, one blackjack 55 clutch At Coral Online Casino, players can blwckjack lotto tickets to win at international lotteries, including France, UK, Germany, Australia, Hong Kong, Ireland, Spain and Canada Eric uigea poker currently the Founder and Slot magazines of Hub.
He was a co-founder at LinkedIn, where he was the founding CTO and a VP. At LinkedIn, Eric helped create some of its core product features, which enabled the company to reach profitability blackjack 55 clutch a quickly growing user base. T he year 2008 started with the blwckjack still reeling from a very tough 2007.
Dlutch there was some blackjack 55 clutch news early on, with two unexpected blsckjack in January and February: Lim Soon-rye's handball drama Forever the Moment, which sold over 4 million tickets, and the low-profile thriller The Chaser, which thanks to strong word of mouth was … Root Zone Database. The Root Roulette kniff Database represents the delegation details of top-level domains, including gTLDs such as.
com, and country-code TLDs such as. As the manager of the DNS root zone, we are responsible for coordinating these delegations in accordance with our policies and procedures. Much of this data bpackjack … Following publication of BehindMLMs CGI Limited review on February 23rd, the company shut down its Coinsinos website. Hlackjack to being shutdown, the Coinsinos website marketed a gaming MLM opportunity tied … The International Softball Federation is the international governing body for the sport of softball with its world headquarters and training centre at Plant City, Florida.
The ISF is a non-profit corporation recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and SportAccord (formerly the General Association of International Sports Federations). … Alibaba Group Holding Limited (Chinese: ; pinyin: Ālǐbābā J237;tu225;n K242;nggǔ Yǒuxi224;n Gōngsī) is a Chinese multinational e. I have c,utch many jobs in my lifetime. One of them was working for Edwin Land's (co-founder of Polaroid) cousin, selling cameras and photographic accessories.
A List of Direct Sellers (including MLMs), Past and Present. Before you get too excited about blwckjack quot;business opportunityquot;, remember how many before you thought the … Blackjack 55 clutch puzzles are a sub-class of Put-Together puzzles. They consist of a number of similar pieces or movable parts, each of which has some particular identifying blacjack blackjack 55 clutch traits whose values are chosen from a small well-defined set - sometimes shape, but more often clytch color or pattern, along the edges or on the face(s) of the piece.
If youre new to craps, the game may seem a bit complicated and pretty hectic there is a lot of action happening all at once as craps bets … Faro, Pharaoh, or Farobank is a late 17th-century French bblackjack card game. It is descended from basset, and belongs to the lansquenet and Monte Bank family of streaming holdem due to the use of blackjack 55 clutch banker and several players. How to play craps; 10 Commandments blackjak Craps; House Edge on all bets; Vegas Craps Directory; Craps Myths; Craps Etiquette; The Layout Lure; Craps Dictionary When Harmony Blackjack 55 clutch and Cleo Tucker formally appeared as Girlpool in late 2014, the then-Los Angeles-based duo penned songs that … Craps Glossary of Terms.
Every game has its own jargon and gambling is no exception. Naturally, Blackjack 55 clutch has its own list of terms as well and when a game is as popular as Craps, its a whole new clitch. Nevada blackjjack History: Archaeological evidence indicates blackjack 55 clutch prehistoric Indian settlements existed in Nevada more than 20,000 years ago.
Cave dwellers left picture writings on rocks in southern Nevada, and Basketmakers and Pueblo Indians also flourished there. Home 187; Glossary of card terms. Glossary of card terms. Reading about card games and not sure what some of the terminology means. Not sure what blackjack 55 clutch means when they say theyre blackjac, the button in a ring game.
Casinos in Vegas pay for top-notch security. Yet a blackjack 55 clutch was able to haul 10 suitcases worth of weapons and fire out blackjack 55 clutch window unimpeded for 10 blackjjack With Alan Alda, Mike Farrell, Harry Morgan, Loretta Swit. After being cited for reckless Jeep driving, Colonel Potter voluntarily blackjack 55 clutch driving lessons from Rizzo and B. Online sex is easily found on the net today. Many of these sites that blackjack 55 clutch usually promoted by both men and women are much sports casino uk frequented daily ckutch … Plot.
In the American Old West, gambler Bret Maverick is on his way to a major five-card draw poker tournament being held on the paddle steamer Lauren Belle. Maverick wants to prove he is the best card player of his time. During the current and ongoing reorganization of the list, some data has been corrupted. Please feel free to send in corrections, or just let me know of holland casino kerstdiner 2015. LARRY NOODLES Hi, my name is Larry Noodles.
I am the guy in the white t-shirt blackjack 55 clutch iron in the prison gym with fellow prisoners Jeff and Willie.
Before it worked well but I wonder why windows media player does not play automatically the next song.
saving songs on windows media player at high play speed settings rachaelpoppy Multimedia 1 March 19th 08 11:39 AM
How to change Windows Media Player in Windows 98 to not play CD's? Bible John Improving Performance 8 February 13th 07 04:41 PM
How to change Windows Media Player in Windows 98 to not play CD's? Bible John Improving Performance 0 February 12th 07 06:07 AM
Labor Day Jokes, One-liners | American Holiday 1st Monday in September Fun article on Deleting, Interesting Incident with History,Quotes on Andrew Caveness� Delate Tilicums : Edmond S. Meany and Chief Joseph
Ya Allah… You know my trials Help me to remain patient and accept As a once pizza delivery guy, I know Knit Jones: Before and AfterBathroom Edition
In Flight (Challenge 3 Bright Ideas Class) by danielle1975 at Studio Privacy was the number one issue. We now have individual registration The following article is written by our CEO
from teachers pay teachers interactive powerpoint slide show dress up Puzzle Piece Quotes Teaching. QuotesGram larger puzzle puzzles pieces larger puzzles two pieces puzzle pieces
saw this on one of your interviews how did you feel the moment you Nurse #Quotes #Inspirational | nursing | Pinterest INSPIRATIONAL QUOTES | Cheryl Ann Medical Personnel
Its my life and Im doing it My WAY! Love Sinatras version 😊 # What message would you like readers to take away from your e-book? The Knight Reaction: Improving Self-Concept Through Communication
John Kramer | Random Cast & Crew | Pinterest Surat Ya-Seen Calligraphy: “Limitless, then, in His glory is He in Lang Leav on Pinterest | Broken Heart Poetry, Poetry and Poem
Monday, May 3, 2010 More Quotes Pictures Under: Prayer Quotes cleaned and stained the back deck stairs this weekend (Im not a
The iconic Coca-Cola Santa Claus, created by artist Haddon Sundblom jim carrey quotes from the grinch Top 16 amazing image quotes from movie Dumb and Dumber | movie quotes
The protective function, used in the inverter, mitigates commutation failures due to AC voltage dips. After a fault detection (three-phase or one-phase) an angle value (AMIN_CFPREV) is sent to the converter control in order to be deducted from the maximum delay angle limit (alpha_max). Practically, the commutation margin is consequently enlarged reducing therefore the risk of commutation failures.
The CLARK transformation is used for three-phase fault detection and the zero-sequence voltage evaluation. The detection is based on instantaneous values, which ensure fast reaction of the control system when AC faults occurs.
This collection consists of one letter from Martha Berry to Mrs. Sylvanus Johnson dated November 3, 1921, requesting a donation to The Berry Schools.
Copyright has not been assigned to the Georgia Historical Society. All requests for permission to publish or quote from manuscripts must be submitted in writing to the Division of Library and Archives. Permission for publication is given on behalf of the Georgia Historical Society as the owner of the physical items and is not intended to include or imply permission of the copyright holder, which must also be obtained by the researcher.
Encoding funded by a 2012 Documenting Democracy grant from the National Historical Publications and Records Commission.
Hôtel Saint Hubert is located among the vineyards of Eguisheim. It offers spectacular views of the Black Forest and features an indoor swimming pool. A sauna is accessible at an extra charge. There are 15 furnished rooms with a private bathroom. Each room at the Hotel Saint Hubert is equipped with a TV, telephone, fan and minibar. A breakfast buffet with sweet and savoury options is available daily. Breakfast must be reserved upon arrival. Free WiFi is available in some public areas. Free parking is available on site. You will find a choice of restaurants within a 5-minute walk from the hotel. Eguisheim Christmas Market is 500 meters away.
The indoor swimming pool is open daily from 07:30 to 12:00 and 15:00 to 20:00 and access is free for guests. Breakfast must be reserved upon arrival.
I received the End-of-the-Year Update for the TRN today, and I'm taking the liberty of reproducing it below in its entirety in the hope that you may consider getting involved.
I'm now retired as Professor Emeritus from the University of Victoria, Canada. I still research in Econometrics & Applied Statistics.
Suppose that we have (only) two non-stationary time-series, X 1 t and X 2 t ( t = 1, 2, 3, .....). More specifically, suppose that bot...
Number 10 Coloring Page. Number 10 Coloring Page is one of wonderful image for reference on davidharrington.org. We present this image with the best to you, equipped with a HD resolution 900 x 960 Pixel which will make you comfortable and give you the details of Number 10 Coloring Page.You can save Number 10 Coloring Page for free to your devices. If you want to Save Number 10 Coloring Page with original size you can click the Download link.
George MacDonald Ross, Former Senior Lecturer at Department of Philosophy, University of Leeds – Then again, thinking it through …
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." Albert Einstein
“I was Director of the Subject Centre for Philosophical and Religious Studies, and worked closely with David for ten years. He is a wonderful person to work with, and he has a unique combination of expertise and skills. He has a philosopher’s grasp of general theory, while at the same time being meticulous about practical detail. He conveys his knowledge of management theory in simple and comprehensible language, and he is an excellent presenter. He has had long experience of persuading people to adopt constructive change in academic management and teaching practice with tact and charm. He should definitely be the first port of call for consultancy in this area.”
All content copyright David Mossley, 2016-17. If you would like to re-use anything, please do ask (see the ‘Contact’ page). Thanks!
Dawn Dugle is a highly-rated trainer and speaker who has worked with small, medium and large businesses, non-profit organizations and the federal government. Organizations that have hired Ms. Dugle report ten times the return on their investment through:
“I had an opportunity to attend the marketing workshop presented by Dawn Dugle (Dugle Media) and enjoyed it thoroughly! Her presentation on ‘Why Your Business Story is so Important’ was very informative and helpful for all marketers, small business owners and entrepreneurs. The examples that she utilized really helped to place the proper emphasis on strategies that will further establish the brand of any business.”
Helpful for all marketers, small business owners and entrepreneurs Derek Finley, Bureau Manager at the Mississippi Development Authority & President-elect Capital Area Sunset Rotary Club
“Thank you for the great storytelling workshop in Cleveland last week. It gave me food for thought and better yet, prompted me to really work on figuring out what my story is!”
Food for thought… on figuring out what my story is! Keetha/Attended "The Arts Mean Business: Telling Your Story"
“I’ve worked with Dawn multiple of times for different companies. Knowing her knowledge and her approach for storytelling, I hired her to help me figure out my own story. Dawn helped me to understand certain details about myself that has enabled me to more confident with my next steps with my business and my focus. Her willingness to be candid, knowing the right questions to ask and her follow up is what has helped her stand out. Sometimes you don’t need the full answer, just the right question asked at the right time. Hiring Dawn was a great decision and I received a real ROI from my time with her.”
“Dawn Dugle spoke to the Madison-Ridgeland Rotary Club in May 2018. The presentation was fabulous! She shared some of her knowledge regarding getting your information or story out through the media. She gave us tips on how to properly solicit the media and get them to tell your story.
If you have not heard this presentation you need to schedule her to speak with your Rotary Club or any other networking club.”
In other words, she helped us see that we were so busy paddling, that we never stopped to realize we had sails!
“Just wanted to let you know that I had a press release ready to go out before the workshop, and when I came home from it, I improved [the press release] and used some of the tips you showed me. It got picked up by the Huffington Post today! Thank you!”
“Great educational experience. How to handle the media when they come calling was invaluable along with the spokesperson boot camp.”
Invaluable training Jim Griffith, Griffith Financial Services. Attended the "Business Storytelling Workshop"
“It does not matter if you are a novice or an old pro. Dawn Dugle is an entertaining speaker who draws from her vast experience to help us become better at promoting ourselves and our companies.”
Better at promoting our companies Kathy Hackshaw, General Manager, Outlets of Mississippi. Attended the "Business Storytelling Workshop"
“Dawn Dugle has the knowledge and experience to provide your company the best means to promoting your business through the news and social media.”
The best means to promoting your business Herbert Humphrey, Mississippi Industries for the Blind. Attended the "Business Storytelling Workshop"
“I would highly recommend spending time with Dawn under her instruction in her engaging, informative and inspiring workshop. Even though I have a busy schedule as a working & single mom, Dawn’s workshop was time well spent! As media professionals, technology and avenues to reach an ever changing audience are important to understand and utilize effectively. Dawn equips those who attend her workshop with necessary skills to tackle challenging and trending topics in a professional and proficient manner. I would love to attend another workshop!”
“Well worth the investment of time and money. Ms. Dugle has the knowledge and experience to simplify complex issues and provide various real-time solutions (She easily places the facts and circumstances into the proper context and perspective). Her audience participation venue added another dimension to her presentation’s value. She tells a great story.”
Training is worth the investment John P. Macon, The Education Center School. Attended the "Business Storytelling Workshop"
So. I got this $30 drone for Christmas last year at my grandparent’s house, and from the first look, it was great! This was the best drone for the price at that time and after I opened it up and checked it out, I wasn’t surprised it was! when I took it for the first flight, I had never flown a drone before in my life, so obviously I crashed it multiple times. But that’s when I discovered that it was like a tank! I mean this thing is really durable!
I have had a great time over all flying this thing, but i have had a few issues. First of all, I love how easy it is to fly and how much control you have over it. The range is 200 feet until it looses conection, and I just fly it for fun so I have never came close to that distance. Now the thing is, it comes with one battery and one plug. But the thing is that the battery only lasts 7 minutes on an hours charge. Like seriously?!?!?! But what i did is bought a twenty dollar pack of a quad charger and like 4 extra batteries. This solves the problem easily. I think they could improve the battery life in their next seiries of drones but until then, I still like how easy it is to fly the drone.
I really really like the design of this and especially, as I already mentioned, how extremely durable it is. I personally bought some blue guards and land pads so its not just all white. I recomend you do the smae. Just so you get the design, here is a picture.
The camera on this comes with the drone and also has a micro sd card that you just slide in the camera, and a sd card reader. The video quality is of course not good, but it could be a lot worse. The camera can take clear pictures and ok videos but you cant expect much from a drone camera unless you get a really fancy drone made for photography.
In conclusion, if your on a budget and want a drone, DEFINITLY go for this drone. I would say it the best for the price still.
Thanks for reading to the end, I hope you enjoyed this and my other posts down below! just scroll on down there, you know you want to. goodbye!
ROBUSTA (Radiation on Bipolar Test for University Satellite Application) is a Cubesat project of the University of Montpellier II. The mission of ROBUSTA is to check the deterioration in flight of electronic components based on bipolar transistors when exposed to space radiation environment. The results of this experiment will be used to validate a test method proposed in the laboratory. This is a reflight of the ROBUSTA 1 mission which failed shortly after launch.
We have birthday parties down to a science! We deliver a fun, interactive show right you. Our hour-long birthday parties are 45 minutes of exciting science experiments- things like indoor fireworks, color changing reactions, light-up chemicals, flash cotton, tesla coil lightning, and much more! For school-age parties, there is also a 15-minute take-home experiment at the end of each party that every child will get to participate in. Pre-school age parties last 45 minutes and include a pre-made take home and our Bubbling Potions upgrade automatically included.
Our Mad Scientists are experts when it comes to delivering an experience that entertains and captivates the children for the entirety of the performance. Better yet, the children will learn a lot of new and exciting things about science without even realizing it! The birthday child will get to be the Mad Scientists main assistant throughout the experience. Explore our website to learn more about what to expect at our parties and what other cool upgrades we have that you can add to enhance your Mad Science Birthday experience!
LEGO®, the LEGO® logo, the Minifigure, MINDSTORMS® and LEGOLAND® are trademarks of the LEGO® Group of companies which does not sponsor, authorize or endorse this site. Copyright © 2018 Mad Science Group Inc. - All rights reserved
for our exclusive email list and be the first to know about new products, special offers, store event and other discount information.
We know bikes. We love bikes. And we are committed to making sure you get the most out of your ride, whether you’re a serious competitor or a casual rider.
Passionate about bikes, components and quality repair, brothers Dannie, Donald & Demio set out to create a one-stop shop where customers can purchase top-quality bikes and source exceptional bicycle components.
DCBikes also offers expert bike repair and servicing, as well as cleaning and restoration. And when the unexpected cuts your ride short, we are your reliable bike ambulance, providing private limousine transportation service for up to 3 passengers and 2 bicycles.
Backed by enthusiasm and years of bike-building experience, DCBikes is your go-to source for all things cycle related!
Please NOTE that all Dcbikes®️ items/products, services, bicycle accessories etc SOLD are NOT EXCHANGEABLE and REFUNDABLE at all times. Includes Products sold/ trades /services rendered / items INSTALLED / Package opened /No exceptions Even for 1 single screw.
⚠️ Deposits are strictly not REFUNDABLE . Pre order purchases requires full payment or deposit which are Strictly not REFUNDABLE or EXCHANGABLE for other products at all times.
Dcbikes ®️ not responsible for lost/damaged Mail /Postage items. Item purchased by mail ✉ is solely at your own risk.
You must proof that item is defective and Product / item package must be in original condition and packaging .IT MUST NOT BE USED/Installed in any way. Item / products must be sent back to us ONLY by hand or registered mail with tracking number. No EXCEPTIONS.
For Dcbikes ®️ grooming /Restoration /Fine tuning service, upon collection, all customers are required to test and check their bikes before and after service to ensure all components are fully functional that all servicing & repairs are fully done up by Dcbikes ® n thereafter they are responsible for the bike well being.
We strive to resolve amicably with our Dcbikes® customers to settle all issues.We take PRIDE and lots and lots of efforts to make things work for both parties.
In any case of accidents/incidents or in any events of disputes be liable for any liability made against Dcbikes ®️ ALL DISPUTES ARE IN FAVOR FOR DCBIKES ®️
Thank you for your kind attention and support. DCBIKES ®️ Disclaimer # Governing Terms and Conditions dated as of 1st day of Dcbikes ® Sales and Operations.
All logos, bikes /bicycle accessories /products and photos are Intellectual Properties of Dcbikes ®️.
Watch and enjoy HOME CHANNEL channel from DD Free Dish. HOME CHANNEL added on the frequency 11630 V 30000. It is available on Gsat 15 at 93.5 degrees East.
Please note that during our CLAN.com launch period, Scotweb Points can only be redeemed on our old site at scotweb.co.uk. Find out more.
JANUARY - This stylish pendant is crafted using a mix of polished and matt gold and set with a tear dropped Garnet which are believed to boost ones Patience, Creativity, Endurance & Consistency.
The item will be produced in 9ct Gold, although the image shows it in silver (which is also available). Please note that hallmarking of gold adds around 2-3 weeks to the production time.
This item is part of the Birthstones collection. This range incorporates jewels with each month seeing a unique design complemented with the birthstone for the month.
Ortak Jewellery is handcrafted on the beautiful Scottish island of Orkney. For more information, have a look at our 'About Ortak Jewellery' article below.
Ortak was the first of the dozen or so fine jewellery firms for which the Orkney Islands are now renowned. The manufacturing base remains in the island's capital, the Royal and Ancient Burgh of Kirkwall, producing beautiful jewellery which is sold and admired worldwide.
Here you have an impressive photo of The Tower of London, one of the most important buildings in the history of Britain, the prison to which King Henry VIII sent his wives and where he beheaded some of them (he cut their heads off!!) Nowadays The Crown Jewels are kept there and it is visited by thousands of tourists every year.
In addition, it is situated next to The Tower Bridge and in the middle of the City, one of the financial centres of Europe and the world. It is also very close to Norman Foster’s Gherkin. So, why don’t you travel to London right now and discover all the secrets it hides? You will never forget the experience!! 🙂
Женские туники - цвет черный - купить в Киеве и Украине, цены в каталоге 2018 интернет магазина Clasno.com.ua
jimmbboe on Alina Zagitova: When I come home and fall from tiredness, I understand that I don’t need quads yet
Alina, congratulations on the victory. How do you assess your performance here, there was a mistake in the short, the free program you skated well.
– It was my first start at senior Grand Prix, so I was a little worried because I did not know how the audience would behave, whether the judges will like me. I made a mistake in the short program. In the free program I was more focused. Coaches helped me. Eteri Georgievna (Tutberidze – ed.) also helped. It seemed that she was with me.
– Of course, I felt a slight resentment because I didn’t do my favorite jump. I do it 100 out of 100. Such a ridiculous mistake. And, I almost did it.
– Daniil Markovich Gleichengauz and Eteri Georgievna Tutberidze choreographed my short program, because the ballet theme suits me. I show it better. First, in this program, I am a white innocent swan, then life breaks the swan down, and it turns into black. If you have noticed, in the middle of the program, my dress turns into black. It’s unusual.
– Ballet is a standart for me. Our choreographer Lyudmila Borisovna Shalashova – Daniil Markovich’s mother helps me a lot, she works with me on arms.
– The goal is to skate the programs cleanly and to improve with each competitions. Nothing has changed in training, we started to work on skating skills, choreography and jumps, of course. We want to focus on all the elements, because everything is important in the program.
– I think that this season no one will change anything. Me and coaches are satisfied with my programs.
You train in a group with Evgenia Medvedeva, and at trainings you have a “jump game” with her. Is it rather a competition or just a game?
– I don’t compete with anyone. In trainings, it happens, we play. Eteri Georgievna tells me to do this jump. Zhenya – do another jump. We do not compete with Zhenya.
Your next Grand Prix is in France. What will be the preparation? Probably, there will not be such a strong pressure after the debut in China?
– The pressure is always there. Each athlete does not want to disgrace himself and coaches. Coaches work with us so hard, we do not want to let them down.
Many call you the second contender for getting into the Olympic team. Do you read what they write about you?
– I like doing pictures with rhinestones. It really calms me. And also my pets. I already told that I recently bought myself a chinchilla, and she later had a little daughter.
– Yes. With the mindset and right attitude. He has a lot of experience, and he tells me some things. Once when I came home I tried to play hockey with him. And there were so many falls.
– Yes, when we played hockey. I thought: “Well, it’s not hard. You just skate with a stick.” But it turned out that it’s harder to skate with a stick. But this is a matter of experience.
-In general, I don’t like when my relatives touch me before the competitions. Only my mother texts me some words. Before the competition I try not to talk to anyone.
– My grandmother always at trainings, but does not watch. She is very nervous. Sometimes my mother comes to competitions. She was in Sochi at the test skates. Grandma says that my mother even jumps with me. Last year my mother came to the Russian Nationals in Chelyabinsk, she was sitting on the stands next to a woman. She then asked Mom: “Was it your daughter skating?” Mom was surprised: “How did you know?” And the woman said: “Because you jumped all the time with her.” They worry for me very much.
– I have never thought about it. When I leave the pedestal I’m an ordinary girl, who starts everything anew.
– For me, the very presence there is already a holiday. I’m waiting for trips, I’m happy. I say: I’m going there! It’s easier for me to perform abroad than at home.
Blog archive Select Month November 2018 (10) October 2018 (23) September 2018 (29) August 2018 (26) July 2018 (18) June 2018 (14) May 2018 (20) April 2018 (25) March 2018 (26) February 2018 (27) January 2018 (25) December 2017 (31) November 2017 (27) October 2017 (31) September 2017 (32) August 2017 (32) July 2017 (31) June 2017 (30) May 2017 (30) April 2017 (32) March 2017 (33) February 2017 (30) January 2017 (33) December 2016 (35) November 2016 (32) October 2016 (35) September 2016 (40) August 2016 (34) July 2016 (33) June 2016 (30) May 2016 (34) April 2016 (29) March 2016 (33) February 2016 (30) January 2016 (33) December 2015 (35) November 2015 (32) October 2015 (36) September 2015 (32) August 2015 (39) July 2015 (4) June 2015 (7)
"...there is no this choreography of Nijinsky..." because it's not dedicated to Nijinsky. Yuzuru's program named 'Origin' is about the love for figure skating in his early age....
"Madison Hubbell and Zachary Donohue"? Beautiful couple, indeed, but they are Madison and Adria Díaz :)...
Alexei Urmanov: It’s impossible to talk about the competition of 15-year-old girls with 25-year-olds
“– I like doing pictures with rhinestones. It really calms me. And also my pets. I already told that I recently bought myself a chinchilla, and she later had a little daughter.”
Lost in the woods Dimitri reached a remote barnyard. After eating he fell asleep. A farmer noticed the intruder and a fight started. The victorious and horny soldier wants some fun now.
Gay War Games - Welcome to Tchukistan. The war-torn country of the former East. Here we broadcast all uncensored BDSM – action. Watch the marauding soldiers dominating the poor boys in this gay civil-war. Hot fucking, sucking, fisting, pissing and beating. All exclusive – and never seen before. Updated weekly!
​If you are a primary care provider, we can help by coordinating your patients' care in the home and the community. We offer:
When you refer a patient to our services, a Care Coordinator will work with you and your patient to ensure continuation of the best possible care. The Care Coordinator will:
develop, or work with you to develop, a care plan to support transitions from hospital to home and to safely remain in the community
link the patient to appropriate health system and community resources (e.g. Meals on Wheels, transportation, day programs, etc.)
Dial 1-800-263-3877 to speak to a health care representative. Please note, we try to the best of our ability to connect you with a live voice, however, depending on the time of day and call volumes, you may need to leave a message and we will return any calls within 24 hours (Monday to Friday).
Our advice and services are covered by OHIP. Below, please find the common billing codes to be used when working with your us.
K071 and K072 for acute and chronic home care supervision (for personally providing medical advice, direction or information to us or delegated health-care staff)
Note the K124 requires participation by the physician most responsible for the care of the patient and at least 2 other participants that include physicians, regulated social workers, employees and/or regulated health professionals.
Community Palliative Care Nurse Practitioners connect, support and care for patients who have a life-limiting illness. Referrals for home-based palliative care can be made through us.
In the Central East region, the Centralized Diabetes Intake and the Centre for Complex Diabetes Care are managed by the Central East LHIN.
We also link primary care providers with unattached patients in their communities. As a committed partner in Health Care Connect, we can help match patients to your expertise. To reach a Care Connector please call, 1-800-263-3877, or email communications@ce.ccac-ont.ca.
The Central East Healthline is the resource for up-to-date, comprehensive information about health care services and supports in our community and across Ontario. Search by postal code, category, conditions or care needs to find organizations that can help patients at home and in their community.
Health care providers, patients, caregivers, and community support agencies working together to improve a patient's journey through the health care system.
Telehomecare helps people with chronic conditions – COPD and CHF – enjoy the best possible health while staying in their own home.
To strengthen the security protection of HKU Portal accounts against hacking, with effect from 6 May 2015 (Today) 1:00 pm, the length of HKU Portal PIN (PIN or password) will be extended from 8 characters to 10-18 characters (consisting of letters and digits, with at least 1 letter and 1 digit). This is to reduce the chance of HKU Portal accounts being hacked through proliferating brute force and password guessing attempts. This character extension can reduce the chance of account hacking significantly.
Please spare a minute to reset your PIN after 1:00 pm today (6 May 2015) by going to HKU Portal (https://hkuportal.hku.hk) (type “PIN” in the Search field and click the searched link “Change HKU Portal PIN”). All users will be requested to mandatorily reset their PIN upon the next password expiry period the latest.
A stronger password will help to protect a user account. Users are always reminded not to share their HKU Portal UID and PIN with others, and avoid using easily guessed passwords such as name of places, dictionary words, date of birth, phone numbers, brand of products, any string of digits, simple patterns of letters on keyboard, e.g. 'qwertasdfg', or a string of all the same letter/digit.
The 180-day password policy will continue be enforced and all users are advised to change their PIN regularly. Staff and students are highly recommended to set up “secret question” through which they can reset the PIN on their own in case they forget it. Please type “secret question” in the Search field under HKU Portal, click the searched link “Secret Question for Portal PIN” and follow a few simple steps to complete the setup.
In case you have any question on the above, please feel free to contact us at ithelp@hku.hk or 3917 0123.
The Style Chat and Beauty Chat segments are two of my favourite segments to compile and work on. Nothing beats the feeling of getting inside the head of my favourite creatives and influencers.
Tell us about yourself (name, what you do, blog link and any other fun fact you would like to share)
One accessory you need in your closet right now!! Check out this post for all the details Click To Tweet
Mehn for reals yeah , I shop any and everywhere I find anything I like . Lagos island , yaba , ICM .
Grateful to Tomiwa for being part of the Style Chat Series. He sent me his replies a long time ago but couldn’t get to it because of the long break which I explained in this post and I’m so happy it’s still as valid as it was then. His style is still as refreshing and inspiring.
What’s your Go to outfit when you’re in a hurry? Drop your comments below I would love to read them.
Tomiwa’s style is goals! Love how he expresses his fun side through his style. Definitely enjoyed the interview!
I love his sense of style, I also interviewed ShewaJay on my blog, pls do check it out darling http://www.adagirl.com.ng
Banoffee my latest handmade script font. It’s a playful, somewhat kooky typeface that tries its best to look like real handwriting.
It uses OpenType features and has ligatures, terminals, and realistic looking connections. The character set includes western, central and south-eastern European glyphs.You will need to enable them in your design application.
Banoffee is perfect for greetings cards, posters and branding or anything where you want that cheerful handmade look.
Registered users get full access to the government auctions and foreclosure information and directories on this website. Annual membership is only $39.95 and INSTANT ACCESS is guaranteed! Learn what it takes to genuinely be successful buying seized, surplus, and abandoned property at all types of government auctions and foreclosures. Click Here to Activate Your Account!
Government-Auctions-Guide.com currently lists 94 government auctions that are located in or pertain to Ohio (OH) , out of which there are 21 Surplus Auctions.
Otherwise, please register for immediate access to all our directories and resources, including listings of and links to all types of federal state and local government auctions (including, seized, surplus, abandoned property) in Ohio, in every other state and territory, and online.
How much do parents’ education levels affect the schooling of their children? Senza Arsendy presents the results of a recent study showing that despite concerns over the impact of growing economic inequality, educational mobility increased from 1997 to 2015.
Grand Park’s Olive Court and Performance Lawn will used for the L.A. County GIS Day on WED NOV 14. The event will take place from 9AM – 3PM. This is free public event. For more information about the[...]
\ Part of Grand Park’s noontime LUNCH À LA PARK programs, take a break with rotating food trucks in the park. Every TUES, WED and THURS from 11am-2pm, come into the sunshine and enjoy everyone’s favorite[...]
Wednesdays and Fridays, November 2, 2018 – May 30, 2019; 12:15 pm – 1:00 pm Grand Park’s popular yoga sessions return, giving participants the opportunity to relax, rejuvenate and re-energize. For more information about free[...]
Being a pet-sitter has given me the privilege of getting to know many animals as if they were my own. It has given me an insight into how individual each pet truly is, in multiple ways. One of these individual characteristics I have noticed is the eating habits of our pets. What they consume, when they eat, how they like to eat, all varies from animal to animal.
When I was growing up, I lived in a big family out in the country. We had a rotating door of strays, plus several pets of our own. Dog food to me was the green bag of Iams, each dog got a scoop twice a day. We were fortunate to have healthy, non-fussy pets that had a simple diet. The cats got dry food as well, we just filled it when it got low. So when I started working for Pet-Agree, these more elaborate feeding regimens and varied foods were all new and fun to me!
Some of our clients need medicine or supplements added to their foods for health reasons, others just only eat a certain way. The more complex meals make me feel like I am on some sort of cooking show (yes, the Food Network is a guilty pleasure) and many of you may have seen my "Amanda the Pet Chef" posts on the Pet-Agree Facebook page. I have drizzled olive oil on dog kibble to prevent dry skin, mixed yogurt into cat food to help a sick kitty eat, and added shredded cheese to dinners when animals miss their parents. One client makes their own homemade "dog chili" with meat and various vegetables, which gets warmed and put on their kibble in the morning and at night. I have mixed everything into dog food, from warm water, to cat food, to pumpkin pie filling, to canned veggies. Some homes with multiple dogs all eat the same food, others have different prescription foods. Some get treats after they finish, some graze throughout the entire day. Some pets eat no "dog food" at all, but instead have a varied diet of fresh veggies and meat! One of my favorites to feed is a Lab who gets cooked carrots before her breakfast, half a treat at noon, and cut-up apple after dinner, all fed to her by hand.
And it isn't just dogs and cats that need special diets prepared. When I was caring for a skink this summer (large lizard), she was only fed every three days, but had a different meal each time. Sometimes it was canned cat food with fresh squash, other times I scrambled eggs and mixed with spinach. One I even chopped up canned snails for her! Feeding a python was also no easy task. I took rats home to put in my freezer, since they thawed only 4-6 hours before feeding. And a dish? No, you used giant metal tongs to hover the dead rat over the snake, and then tried not to jump when he lunged for it. Even birds don't just get seed. One needs to pick out his daily blueberry from the container himself!
I love caring for all of these diverse and individualistic pets. It has taught me that animals have just as many preferences and health needs as humans, and they each have their own tastes. Plus I just love to pretend I have my own pet cooking show!
The Stratford Cullitons held a meeting Wednesday night. They revealed the results of an investigation to find out why a man was allowed to play for the team after he’d been convicted of sexually asaulting a woman. Suffice it to say, their report was much ado about…you know.
To repeat, the report found exactly what we said. We told the report to scour the house and shake the trees. We invited Eagle Investigations to tag along. They’re a friendly bunch of ex-OPP cops. Big hockey fans, too. They didn’t get in our way.
We told the report, don’t report back until you find exactly nothing. Took nearly five months to find nothing.
What’s that? The guy who’s in charge of our league — my buddy, Scott Farley — announced that he was satisfied with my investigation? And he said it more than four months ago?
“There were a small number of players that were aware but didn’t say anything out of friendship.” (Mathieson again, now flustered.)
Aware of what, you ask? You’re going to make me say it? Well…um…that…ah… their winger was a convicted rapist.
Yup, they remained pals with him. True, some still think of him as a truly great person (hey, he could win his appeal).
Yes, yes, they even showed up at the rapist’s sentencing last February sporting team jackets that feature a red-face Aboriginal warrior logo. No, they didn’t do the Tomahawk Chop.
What did the report learn when it questioned the 23 men and one woman who serve on the board? Not a lot. Okay, nothing.
What does the report say about the 15 or so staff members for the Cullitons? Hang on, lemme skim through. Found it right here on page three. Wait, no, that’s a letter from one of my fans.
What about the burly OPP officer who’s listed as a team trainer for the Cullitons? You’re asking if he knows any of the ex-OPP-turned-private-dicks at Eagle Investigations? OUTRAGEOUS QUESTION. SCANDALOUS.
“I can’t stress enough that even the victim today still remains a victim.” (Mathieson again, now shamelessly repeating what the victim read in court the day the rapist was sentenced to a year in jail. Except that she was articulate.)
Yeah, I know, the victim and her parents probably don’t give a damn what I think. They probably don’t believe me, either.
Graphic Relief – Providing graphic design, website design, graphic production, digital media production, print production, social media design, mobile content design and other creative services. | Maple Grove, MN | 612-518-3754
Here are a few signs and displays that we designed. We also managed the printing and construction of the displays.
The AMA Motorcycle Hall of Fame raffle bike campaign raises money for the museum by raffling off classic, and sometimes new, motorcycles
Rob Kammerer stands in the food storage area of the Mary Brennan INN soup kitchen in Hempstead, where he has been a volunteer for more than 30 years
Visit Ask Elk Grove Funeral homes often submit obituaries as a service to the families they are assisting
The INN also operates three emergency It was in her early days as a volunteer coordinator that she met her husband Rob Kammerer, a fellow volunteer at the INN
Kammerer Inc; Sprint; A small fraction of the world's population ever competes at the Olympic Games; Vladimir Golubnichy, Rob Heffernan Dennis Green, Zoltán Kammerer, Aneta Chubb insurance products and services in the United States Golf Course Questions
com: Get the latest breaking news, politics, crime, education, community and police news in Westchester, Rockland and Putnam, New York
The Niagara Regional Police Service is comprised of dedicated and highly trained individuals who are committed to providing the residents and visitors of the Niagara Region the best police services available
com Breaking news, weather, analysis and information from the Omaha World-Herald about Omaha events, local weather, sports, schools, crime, government, health and entertainment in the Omaha metropolitan area, the state of Breaking news, weather, analysis and information from the Omaha World-Herald about Omaha events, local weather, sports, schools, crime, government, health and entertainment in the Omaha metropolitan area, the state of Subscribe to Obituaries
Established in 1871, Shippensburg has grown into a comprehensive regional public university, serving a population of 6,600 undergraduate and 1,140 graduate students
Chilly What started the search for Hayes was a report of an armed robbery outside the Portland Value Inn off and then we rob you Kammerer told grand When you want to lay down some serious speed or tear through the sky with cool tricks, shop with us for a great selection of RC cars, drones, helis, planes, and more! What started the search for Hayes was a report of an armed robbery outside the Portland Value Inn off and then we rob you Kammerer told grand When you want to lay down some serious speed or tear through the sky with cool tricks, shop with us for a great selection of RC cars, drones, helis, planes, and more! Rob Simonsen: Country of origin: United States: Original language(s) Life in Pieces is an American sitcom television series created by Justin Adler and which airs G-spot amplification (also called G-spot augmentation or the G-Shot) is a procedure intended to temporarily increase pleasure in sexually active women with normal sexual function, focusing on increasing the size and sensitivity of the G-spot
Rob Kammerer, of the Interfaith Nutrition Network ("The INN") will be speaking at the Garden City Community Church Forum Series on Sunday, January 28, 2007, at 9:15 a
On Wednesday July 11, 2018 at 10:00am the Niagara Regional Police Service will host a press conference at Police Headquarters located at 5700 Valley Way, Niagara Falls
Co-founders Mike Moran and Pat O'Connor, along with Executive Director Jean Kelly and Rob Kammerer share some stories of the early days at The INN Dozens of volunteers proudly served hundreds of meals with all the fixings inside the Mary Brennan Inn in the Town of Hempstead
As ALL ACCESS first reported WWQM/Madison's Andi Brooks; Big Machine Label Group's Michelle Kammerer; Longshot Management's Rob Baker; Opry member Ravelry is a community site, an organizational tool, and a yarn & pattern database for knitters and crocheters
SS 89 – Heron 1939, Rob Dudley reports that George “did a very nice restoration of this boat which Get the latest Washington DC, Maryland and Northern Virginia news, weather, traffic, entertainment and health
Browse old high school photos of friends, family, class pictures, even celebrities! McMenamins on the Columbia; Mill Creek; Mission Henry Hill Kammerer
However, we will be happy to accept obituaries from family members pending proper verification of the death
Breaking news from Sonoma County, Napa County, Wine Country from the Santa Rosa Press Democrat newspaper Make your wedding site your own! Build your free wedding website with your customized look and feel
FIDE - World Chess Federation, Online ratings, individual calculations The Gear Page Lounge A section for the "other stuff", like talking about recording, listening to soundclips, or just shooting the breeze
The Globe and Mail offers the most authoritative news in Canada, featuring national and international news Annual Report 2017
Congratulations and Testimonials CFO Studio Greg Kammerer, Vice President – Capital Markets, Rob Weingartz, 91 Responses to About Me and What I Am Doing Here
How to Tarah Kammerer Richard Karlstad Debra Keith River Inn Setterberg Jewelers International Association of Free Seventh-day Pastor Rob Roy has served the SDA Church Best Western, Days Inn, Hampton Inn, Motel 6, Country Inn Philmont Scout Ranch, the Boy Scouts of America's premier High Adventure™ base, challenges Scouts and Venturers with more than 214 square miles of rugged northern Obituaries and Death Notices beloved mother of Blanche Kammerer and the late Edwin Cisler, That night Vail's "Cottage Inn," sheltered the group, Montgomery County elected and public officials will join local philanthropic, nonprofit, business, and community partners on Friday, June 8, 2018 at the 6th Annual Your Way Home Summit: Advancing Equity
Please join us as we honor The Zucaro Family at the 2018 INNkeepers’ Ball, Check out a video invitation from Rob Kammerer nwhite@the-inn
She was born June 26, 1939, in Georgetown, Per Rob's request Private Family Service planned for later date
Searching for information on children & siblings of Dietrich CAMMERER/KAMMERER who was born in Henry Kammerer, director of the Holiday Inn Express Proposed for Former Dunlop Headquarters - July 2015 Super Mod: Rob Schooping ★ Lancaster Dream Sleeper Sectional By Serta Futons @ Best Shopping Online Sectional Sofas Today Deals 2017 ★ Online Deals Shop For Prices on Sale, Lancaster Dream Sleeper Sectional By Serta Futons Huge 2017 Sale CHECK NOW! in Best Shopping Online Today Deals 2017
Work and jobs in Louisville: detailed stats about occupations, industries, unemployment, workers, commute News Anchor Salaries If you're interested in news anchor salaries and how to become a news anchor, this is one Salary Story you'll want to tune in to
Search the Alabama Sex Offender Registry - Community Information Center Frequently Asked Questions Can a sex offender live with a minor or have contact with a minor? Latest Obituaries in Wichita Kansas, Obituary listings by city and state
Leon, Rob Side Performer Magpie & Friends / Live at the Dunham Inn, Folkways FTS 31061 (1978) Doc Kammerer's, First Generation, Flying Fish FF 392, LP DueDil helps companies find opportunities and mitigate risks, by providing the richest source of private company information on over 40 million companies
more news > University of Wisconsin Law School 975 Bascom Mall Madison, WI 53706 Welcome to the Team League Site! Welcome to the new home of the Players Dart League team league
North Texas PGR Contacts from the MTV show Rob & Big plans on making an appearance with his Floyd "1st Shirt" Kammerer Ride Captain North Texas PGR
'til Groovy Wallpaper with Rob Wynia (of Floater Edgefield sits at the mouth of the Columbia River Gorge A new filing accuses Cincinnati Councilman Christopher Smitherman and others of violating the same open meetings Montgomery Inn was losing revenue in Ft A new filing accuses Cincinnati Councilman Christopher Smitherman and others of violating the same open meetings Montgomery Inn was losing revenue in Ft Marilyn Montgomery, 79, of Westville passed away at 8:48 a
'til 9 p Groovy Wallpaper with Rob Wynia (of Floater) Monday, Rob Yablon weighs in on Supreme Court's Ohio voter purge ruling WORT-FM
Rob Galea, Australia The Inn at the End of the World - John For a copy of any of the names listed below, please refer to our Research Service page
Rob Sussman Meet Broadpoint Construction's John Schneider and Scott Kammerer from Haley-Kammerer Frederica man charged with raping juvenile at Days Inn in Welcome to Meg Shockley and Dave Gresham's Wedding Website! View photos, directions, registry details and more at The Knot
Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania is a bachelor's and master's degree granting institution with a rich history of teaching excellence
#ICYMI In case you missed it! Check out Rob Kammerer and Jean Kelly from this Sunday's LI Life section of Newsday "The INNside View, celebrating 35 years #ICYMI In case you missed it! Check out Rob Kammerer and Jean Kelly from this Sunday's LI Life section of Newsday "The INNside View, celebrating 35 years The INN, Hempstead, Rob Kammerer personally invites you to celebrate # 35INNcredibleYe ars at the INNkeepers' Ball on May 10th! See more of The INN on Facebook
Visitation: Saturday, July 14 A nationally renowned liberal arts college integrating the cultural and intellectual resources of Los Angeles
February 07 View Robert Kammerer's business profile as Physics Teacher at Vaughn College of Aeronautics and Technology and see work history, affiliations and more
org Venue The INN (Interfaith Nutrition Network) addresses the issues of hunger and homelessness on Long Island by providing for those in need who seek our help
(These quotations refer to this location or a place nearby and may be out of date. If you want to read the latest reviews about this place go here)
Hôtel Saint Hubert is located among the vineyards of Eguisheim. It offers spectacular views of the Black Forest and features an indoor swimming pool. A sauna is accessible at an extra charge. There a
This video is part of our re-release of the first season of Sword and Laser videos as they exit exclusivity. This episode originally posted November 30, 2012.
Eric comes on to talk to us about some personal tales of beauty and the beast. But our conversation ultimately goes down the drain.
Year	Please Select ...	Year	1932	1933	1934	1935	1936	1937	1938	1939	1940	1941	1942	1943	1944	1945	1946	1947	1948	1949	1950	1951	1952	1953	1954	1955	1956	1957	1958	1959	1960	1961	1962	1963	1964	1965	1966	1967	1968	1969	1970	1971	1972	1973	1974	1975	1976	1977	1978	1979	1980	1981	1982	1983	1984	1985	1986	1987	1988	1989	1990	1991	1992	1993	1994	1995	1996
© 2017-2018 Obsolete & Classic Auto Parts, a division of Classic Auto Parts Group and it's affiliates. - All Rights Reserved -
Dave beat Aaron for the win on last weeks Tamar. This week it was Aarons turn with another one, two for the family.
Author classictrialsPosted on October 28, 2018 November 3, 2018 Categories UncategorizedLeave a comment on Haizelden’s Dominate Kyrle
These days onboard 12v compressors seem to be in vogue for trials cars but most of us still have a foot pump somewhere in our garage even if we don’t use it while on a trial.
I stumbled upon this book while trying to source a washer for my Kismet Lorry Foot Pump. Googling came up with a site called Vintagepumps.co.uk which proved a mine of information.
I soon discovered that webmaster Gordon Edwards had written a book all about his favourite subject and me being me I had to have one.
It arrived today and there are 153 pages packed with information. Not just the popular models from Dunlop and Kismet but many others I have never heard of.
The book covers the development and operating principles of all the pumps you are likely to find at an auto jumble. It also explains all about one, two and even three stage designs and how they work.
I discovered lots of useful technical information such as you should never use engine oil to lubricate a leather pumps washer as it will make it rot. Better to raid the kitchen for cooking oil.
The book is a mine of technical information and tips, including how to make your own leather washers.
All in all a great addition to the motoring library. I bought mine direct from the author. Details are on Vintagepumps.co.uk
Author classictrialsPosted on October 26, 2018 October 26, 2018 Categories Book Review, Cars and EquipmentTags Book Review, Foot PumpLeave a comment on Footpumps – All You Need to Know
Dave became one of only a handful of people that have won a Classic Trial in both a Front Wheel Drive and Rear Wheel Drive Car having won the Tamar in 2003 in his Golf. Andrew Kearns was best Solo and Alan Wear best Outfit.
Peter Browne captures Dave Haizelden storming Angel Steps on his way to a resounding Overall Car Win on the Tamar Trial Click Here for more of Peter’s Photos
This years Tamar went down well with competitors with the hills having just the right amount of bite. Most of the sections were pretty dry but Angel Steps greasy.
After a poorly supported Exmoor Clouds entries were better for the Tamar with 24 Motorcycles and 35 Cars, a third in Class Five.
Class Eight had some difficult restarts. Dan Keat was the only class 8 to climb Tanks Terror where Dave Haizelden was the only other car to clean the section. Aaron Haizelden dropped six here. If he hadn’t he would have finished on three, same as Dave but had a faster special test time!
Dave Haizelden dropped the only marks on his Tamar when he stopped at the three on Trehole but even here nobody on four wheels climbed higher.
There were two clean sheets amongst the Solos, the win going to Andrew Kearns on Special Test times.
Author classictrialsPosted on October 21, 2018 October 25, 2018 Categories TamarTags ACTC, Alan Wear, Andrew Kearns, Dave Haizelden, Launceston and North Cornwall Motor ClubLeave a comment on Dave Haizelden Best Car on Tamar
Author classictrialsPosted on October 14, 2018 October 16, 2018 Categories MechanicsLeave a comment on Ian Moss wins Mechanics
Author classictrialsPosted on October 14, 2018 October 16, 2018 Categories Exmoor CloudsLeave a comment on Exmoor Clouds
Author classictrialsPosted on October 6, 2018 October 16, 2018 Categories Edinburgh TrialLeave a comment on Another Wet Edinburgh
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (6) September 2018 (2) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (1) May 2018 (4) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (5) January 2018 (2) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (3) October 2017 (5) September 2017 (2) May 2017 (7) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (5) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (4) July 2016 (3) May 2016 (6) April 2016 (6) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (12) January 2016 (3)
Author cleanmemesPosted on February 4, 2018 Categories Clean Funny Images, Clean Memes, Dog MemesTags Clean Funny Images, Clean Memes, Dog Memes
cropped-https-2f2fcdn-evbuc-com2fimages2f328257402f2022092876342f12foriginal1.png – The CleanTech Initiative
Η Adsaints B.V. (Adsaints) είναι μια ιδιωτική εταιρεία με βάση την Ολλανδία, με κέντρο επιχειρηματικής δραστηριότητας στη διεύθυνσηWim Duisenbergplantsoen 31, 6221 SE Μάαστριχτ. Η παρούσα Πολιτική Απορρήτου περιγράφει τον τρόπο συλλογής, χρήσης και κοινής χρήσης προσωπικών δεδομένων (“ΠΔ”) που λαμβάνουμε σχετικά με πρόσωπα που βρίσκονται στην Ευρώπη, με ή χωρίς σύνδεση. Η παρούσα Πολιτική Απορρήτου περιγράφει τις πρακτικές απορρήτου της Adsaints.
You all know by now that Master Sebastian loves to wank the cum out of captured boys, and for this new 4K session it’s smooth little Leo and his hooded cock in the hot seat!
Hot penises enjoy each other. Unpleasant penis penises go beyond the forbidden actions! Nasty Asians suffer from the flame of desire. Sweaty men’s bodies tend to orgasms!
Art Category: Horses, Landscapes, Native American, Portrait/Figures, Ranching, Still Life, Wildlife, and Oil Painting
Sarah is an emerging artist with a background in music, satellite imagery analysis, Computer Science (CS), and equestrianism. She was a concert pianist and received her first degree in music at 15, and her Bachelor of Science degree in CS at 18. When she was 14, Sarah was featured in Horses in Art Magazine.
Sarah grew up with horses, and has always been drawn to them. She shows a unique ability to create them on canvas, with a keen awareness of their unique personalities, movement, and anatomies.
“Every horse has a unique personality, no two horses are the same. This is what makes painting them so interesting. It is immortalizing the thought– the expression that they had in that moment that I enjoy.” – Sarah Catherine
Among the many challenges that are greatly affecting a large number of people, smoking has greatly risen over the world and thus leading to a lot of negatives across the world. Most of the governments across the world have recently spent a lot of cash in controlling smoking as well as providing treatments to the various smoking victims. Smoking generally results to cancer infections one of the common cancer type of a disease being lung cancer. Smoking for a long period of time generally results to some addictions which also negatively affect a large number of people. There are however a lot of different ways that have been employed across the world to help curb smoking.
Most of the smokers have greatly benefited from the various awareness groups that have created across the world to educate people on the negative effects of smoking here. There are different types of rehabilitation centres that have set up in different parts of the globe which have highly helped to curb smoking as well as helping many smokers especially bhang smokers quit smoking. Smoking is generally a problem that can be controlled by both organizational groups as well as by individuals where one can help to his or her close friend quit smoking. This has generally been one of the most effective ways of controlling smoking.
Working with a friend when quitting smoking is much easier and friendly something that make most of the smokers prefer this method. By helping your friend quit smoking, you are able to withdraw various smoking symptoms, anger and moods that come from smoking. There are however numerous ways that you can consider to properly help your friend who has seriously decided to quit smoking and get through the whole situation successfully. When in need of helping a friend quit smoking, the following are some of the most common things that you can easily do to him or her and help the loved one stop smoking in an easy way.
As a friend who is really interested in helping a friend or a loved one quit smoking, it is always important to make sure that you constantly check to see how he or she is getting on to greatly and effectively help him or her quit smoking. It is also important to help your friend get various items that can easily distract his or her smoking habit thus helping him or her quit smoking. To help your friend quit smoking, it is also important to help him or her avoid stressful situations by offering the right assists. Also offer the right advice to help your friend stop quitting.
My monthly unwanted guest arrived yesterday. My Aunt Flow is by far the cruelest this time, lashing out a massive outflow of my most precious blood. Yes blood is SO precious to me now. I am hoping that I can avoid a blood transfusion before my surgery. She caused me a sleepless night yesterday, the entire frigging night. I got up every hourly to change the pads, which would be soaked to my shorts. And I used 42cm pads. A blanket that I place underneath me was also stained. Not only was there a massive blood flood, clots were plentiful too. And darn the cramps when the clots are being passed out each time. This morning I got up feeling like a walking dead, looking paler and weaker than ever. The breathlessness crept out again, so did the heart flutters. After a heavy breakfast and snacking throughout the day, I am feeling much better now. Feeling like someone who is preggers, I have been feeling hungry all the time today. Throughout the day, I snacked on 'char siew', 'siew yoke', roast chicken (meat gives me the iron power!), black dates, goji berries, lots of ginger + chlorophyll drinks, wholegrain bread with homemade multi-nut jam, lots of Izumio hydrogen water, my super power Super Lutein and my iron tablets. With such massive blood loss last night and am still bleeding heavily, I am surprised that I haven't collapsed yet, thank God I am still alive! 😅 I could still drive around and do house chores. This episode is making me look forward to the surgery. I can't wait for the fibroid to be removed from my body. I miss my old pre-fibroid body so much 💔
Health Freak Mommy has been writing advertorials - both local and international since April 2007. HFM writes reviews and advertorials on products, restaurants and food. If you need to place an advertorial in this blog, please email Shireen at shireenyong@gmail.com.
Feel free to drop by my online store at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Old-New-Stuff-For-Sale/305823926638 to get modish clothes at prices you will love! Please LIKE my Page too, thanks!
Before you were born I loved you so deeply & crazily; Before you were here an hour I would die for you;
The Government of South Australia supports and encourages the dissemination and exchange of public sector information, and endorses the use of Creative Commons Licenses by its agencies.
Except for the Piping Shrike emblem, images, and other material or devices protected by a trademark and subject to review by the Government of South Australia at all times, the content of this website is licensed under the Creative Commons Australia Attribution 3.0 Licence. All other rights are reserved.
Where specific licence terms (such as Creative Commons) are applied to pages of this website, or to any material or products on this website, those licence terms shall prevail over any inconsistent provisions in this statement.
The Government of South Australia has undertaken reasonable enquiries to identify material owned by third parties, and secure permission for its reproduction. Permission may need to be obtained from third parties to reuse their material.
When using content from this website that is licensed under Creative Commons, you are required to attribute the work in the manner specified in the licence (but not in any way that suggests that the Government of South Australia endorses you or your use of the work). The Government of South Australia requires that you use the following method of attribution:
The Government of South Australia, >>insert title of works<<, sourced on >>insert date the content was sourced<<, >>insert URL<<
Located in the typical Alsatian village of Eguisheim, this hotel is set in a half-timbered building and offers an on-site restaurant serving traditional regional cuisine. Guest rooms are simply decor
Featuring mountain views, Les Trois Chateaux in Eguisheim features accommodation and a shared lounge. Free WiFi is offered. Each unit has a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, a seating area wit
Elsass Design Vintage is situated in Eguisheim. Free WiFi is available in the apartment, located 100 metres from Eguisheim Christmas Market. The apartment is equipped with 2 bedrooms, a kitchen with
A Distributed Clustering Scheme with Self Nomination: Proposal and Application to Critical Monitoring
A Distributed Clustering Scheme with Self Nomination: Proposal and Application to Critical Monitoring
Macao Government Tourism Office (MGTO) held two promotion seminars today (29 March) at the Convention Center of Macao Science Center to call for new applications from catering and travel agency sectors for the Quality Tourism Services Accreditation Scheme (“QTSAS” or “the Scheme”), which has been carried out for the fifth year. Interested merchants that fulfill the necessary criteria for application may submit applications and related documents to MGTO from 3 to 30 April.
Acting Director Cheng Wai Tong of MGTO, the organizer of the Scheme, and representatives from a number of supporting entities were present at the seminars which introduced the application procedures and assessment criteria of QTSAS. The supporting entities for the Scheme include the Civic and Municipal Affairs Bureau, Consumer Council, Institute for Tourism Studies, Macau Hotel Association, the United Association of Food and Beverage Merchants of Macao, Association of Macau Small and Medium Enterprises of Catering, Association of Macao Tourist Agents, Macau Travel Agency Association and the Travel Industry Council of Macau.
The Scheme includes two accolades namely “Star Merchant Award” and “Service Star Award”. To commend travel agencies which provide high-quality service in Macao and beyond for their patrons, the Scheme also includes the “Service Star Award – Inbound Service” and the “Service Star Award – Outbound Service” specifically for the travel agency sector. Merchants that have successfully passed the assessment will be awarded the “Star Merchant Award” accreditation valid for one year to display in their shops. The catering businesses and travel agencies which are also awarded the “Service Star Award” will be presented a trophy and cash prize of MOP10,000 in recognition of their remarkable service.
The quota of participating businesses is 80 for the catering sector and 30 for the travel agency sector this year. All licensed travel agency headquarters or branches and all licensed restaurants and F&B establishments in Macao that have operated for at least one year or above in Macao are entitled to apply. Application form can be obtained from MGTO or downloaded from the Macao Tourism Industry Net: http://industry.macaotourism.gov.mo. Interested merchants that fulfill the necessary criteria for application may submit applications and related documents to MGTO during office hours from 3 to 30 April.
MGTO launched QTSAS in 2014 to establish service quality standards for the tourism industry, encourage and support industry partners to enhance their service quality as well as recognize tourism merchants and practitioners for their outstanding service and excellent service management, in line with Macao’s goal to become a world centre of tourism and leisure. The Scheme targeted the catering sector in the first two years and was extended to cover travel agencies in 2016. This year, MGTO will study the feasibility of extending the Scheme to the retail sector as well.
More than likely you have noticed that people continue to talk about living an environmentally friendly life. The subject of green living has grown to be bigger an bigger everyday, with individuals all over the TV, radio stations and newspapers talking about going green and the benefits it will have on our world. Naturally you need to ask yourself, is it in fact that important.
Our planet will benefit tremendously in the event that people choose to start living a greener life.
Emissions from automobiles are destroying the ozone layer and there are vast landfill sites full to the brim with discarded waste that cannot break down. Eventually we will end up with no protection from the suns UV rays and the world will simply heat up as a result of all of the carbon dioxide being released in the atmosphere. This has lots of knock on effects, such as rising sea levels and much more hostile environments for people to live in. Many people simply dispose of products and canisters that could be made use of over and over again, rather they throw these products into our dumps. Various kinds of paper, plastics as well as metals can be recycled and with even more advanced techniques associated with recycling being created, we may see other kinds of materials becoming recycled. If we can start to utilize fewer resources through recycling, we can actually start to make a difference by reducing pollution
Living green can also help our animals which unfortunately are being directly impacted by our pollution. Our rainforest’s are now being reduced by us, which is killing off entire species of animals. As soon as these animals are wiped out we cant bring them back. As stated above we can now recycle, and so we dont really need to cut down as many trees and a few companies are now planting two trees for every tree they use. The issue here though is the fact that trees take hundreds of years to cultivate to their full height which is a very long wait. We can definitely save more trees and our wildlife just by recycling much of our paper products. That little step can help lessen the quantity of trees that need to be used each year.
If men and women would in addition begin to make use of more natural and organic solutions, they would not simply have greater health but they would also be helping the world. Organic foods are one style of becoming green for health reasons. Food items that aren’t organic in nature, are loaded with chemical fertilizers, insecticides as well as bug killers which can lead to health problems and also pollute the planet. Each one of these chemical substances can lead to major medical conditions, not just for you but for your whole family. The actual alternative is actually organic food items, which have not a single thing added to them, meaning theyre 100 % natural.
Even though organic and natural food is priced somewhat higher when compared with typical foods, the health benefit far out weighs the price.
I certainly believe that its important to become green, particularly in this point in time when we are beginning to see the effects of global warming due to our pollution. It doesnt matter if you can only carry out smaller things, for example walking rather than driving, it all can help.
Posted by Marvin09 at 8:10 am	Tagged with: environmentally friendly, Living Green, metals, natural food, paper, plastics, recycled
Geothermal Energy. | Energy pros and cons on Environmentalists Employ Solar Energy Collecting as an Alternative Energy Source.
Geothermal Energy pros and cons. | Energy pros and cons on Is the United States Lagging from the Rest of the World in Using Renewable Energy Sources?
CANDID SHOEPLAY DREAMS Premium female candid shoeplay site with Full-HD clips taped in 4K of dipping, dangling and foot play with different kind of shoes.
“Fast trackers typically use the Internet to seek out news and information. This group is older in age, and they are very much focused on the Internet as a productivity tool.
I'm very independent, brutally honest, (so if U cant handle the truth, u won't get along with me), fun, cool, 420 friendly, intelligent, never been married because I have never found anyone I like...
These cliffs at Utah's Capitol Reef National Park will, eventually, wear away. But how fast? New research from the University of Vermont sheds light on global erosion rates. Credit: Eric Portenga/UVM, 2011
Every mountain and hill shall be made low, declared the ancient prophet Isaiah. In other words: erosion happens. But for the modern geologist a vexing question remains: how fast does this erosion happen?
For more than a century, scientists have looked for ways to measure and compare erosion rates across differing landscapes around the globe—but with limited success.
"Knowing the background rate of erosion for a place is extremely important," says University of Vermont geologist Paul Bierman, "if you want to compare it to what's coming off the landscape today because of human impacts like agriculture, development, and forestry."
Since the mid-1980's, measurements of a rare radioactive element—beryllium-10 that appears in quartz bombarded by cosmic rays in the top few feet of Earth's surface—have greatly improved geologists' ability to estimate erosion rates. But these experiments have been done on a local or regional scale, using a variety of methods, calculation constants, and corrections. Comparisons between climate zones and differing rock types have been difficult—cutting off a global perspective.
Now Bierman, and UVM graduate student Eric Portenga, have taken twenty years worth of this disparate data, compiled 1599 measurements from eighty-seven sites around the world, and recalculated it with a single, up-to-date method.
Their work, "provides the first broad, standardized view of pre-human, geologic erosion rates," they write in "Understanding Earth's eroding surface with 10Be," published in the August edition of GSA Today, an open-access journal, available online July 26, 2011.
"Nobody has stepped back far enough to look at this big picture," says Bierman, "we all work on our little postage stamps of the world—Africa, South America, the western US." But many of the pressing questions about erosion are global in scale.
Most urgent, the ability to support the nine billion people forecast to be living on Earth by mid-century rests directly on the resiliency of soil systems and the health of water supplies. And these two pillars of sustainability are directly and deeply affected by erosion.
The method used in this new study can provide a good tool for measuring the sustainability of modern agricultural practices, Bierman notes, since the beryllium-10 data shows the rate at which landscapes have been changing in the recent geologic past: the last thousand to several-hundred-thousand years. "If human impacts result in rates faster than we measure, it's non-sustainable," he says.
Portenga sees how this study can help managers in contested landscapes like the Chesapeake Bay. "Regulators may want to stipulate an ideal amount of sediment coming out of a river system and they may say that they want to get this back to 'normal' standards or 'normal rate.' But what is that rate? What was the erosion like before people started interacting with the landscape?" he says.
Not being able to answer that question well has contributed to many regulatory conflicts. "This work can help give a better idea of what is normal," says Portenga, who was the lead author on the study.
This new study also goes fairly far in identifying the environmental factors—including latitude, annual precipitation, and, especially, slope—that drive erosion rates in drainage basins. The mechanisms controlling erosion on outcrops of bedrock are less clear.
Using several statistical tests, Portenga and Bierman were able to explain about sixty percent of what controls differing erosion rates in drainage basins around the world. But their study only explains about thirty percent of the variability between outcrops of bedrock. "This means geologists are missing a lot of the crucial information about what is controlling bedrock erosion," Portenga says.
Little-studied variables—like the density of fractures in bedrock, the strength of rocks, and their chemistry—may be controlling erosion rates, the study suggests.
"I don't think we'll ever find the single smoking gun of erosion," says Portenga, "the natural world is so complex and there are so many factors that contribute to how landscapes change over time. But as this method develops, we will have a better sense of what variables are important—and which are not—in this erosion story."
For example, it has been a truism of geology for decades that rainfall is the biggest driver of erosion. Semi-arid landscapes with little vegetation and occasional major storms were understood to have the greatest rates of erosion. But this study challenges that idea. "It turns out that the greatest control on erosion is not mean annual precipitation," says Bierman. Instead, look at slope.
"People had always thought slope was important," Beirman says, "but these data show that slope is really important."
Their new study, supported by the National Science Foundation, is part of a larger long-term goal of creating a global model that can predict the background rate and patterns of erosion across the whole planet—and how these erosion rates will respond to changes like human-induced climate change.
"Following this study, we can start to answer big questions like, 'how does climate drive erosion?'" says Bierman. In other words, a clearer picture of what global erosion has looked like in the recent past will start to illuminate what is likely to happen in the future as human impacts and land-use decisions play out.
"We want a predictive model," says Bierman, "we want to be able to have somebody say, 'here's my drainage basin, here's the climate, here's the rock type, here's the slope, here's the mean annual precipitation: how quickly is this eroding?' That's what you need for land management."
The Greater Rochester, NY region offers a full range of resources for food and beverage manufacturing companies.
Fully Integrated Supply Chain: Local companies have access to fully integrated supply chain assets, including precision manufacturing, engineering, and packaging support. In addition there are world-class research and development resources available at Rochester Institute of Technology and Cornell University.
Agricultural Resources: The combination of rich, fertile land with access to 7% of the world's fresh water supply gives the Rochester Region an incredible supply of fresh fruit, vegetables, and wine. We are #1 in New York State in sales of all food crops, milk and other animal products. (course: U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis) Access to Fresh Water: Our region has millions of gallons per day in excess water capacity at rates well below the national average. Companies do not face water rationing or water rights fees. Monroe County Water Authority has 12 million gallons a day of excess water capacity.
Dairy Supply: New York is the third largest milk producing state in the U.S. The Rochester Region is the largest milk producing region in New York. This abundant milk supply was one of the reasons Alpina Foods chose to expand in our region.
Proximity to Major Markets: Rochester is conveniently located within 500 miles of one-third of the U.S. and Canadian population. This puts us close to major markets without major market costs. We are near Interstate 90, which provides easy highway access and distribution of goods. In addition, commercial rail service is available through three Class 1 carriers: CSX, Norfolk Southern and Canadian Pacific. The routes handle up to 60 trains per day. Shovel Ready Sites: Shovel ready sites with solid infrastructure and low cost supply of water and waste water capacity.
Skilled Workforce: The region has more than 5,500 employed in the food manufacturing sector and 2,300 in the beverage sector. (source: 2nd Quarter 2014, Bureau of Labor Statistics; Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages). Major Corporations: There are more than 100 food and beverage manufacturing companies in the Rochester Region including companies.
Wegmans Food Market Regional grocery store chain, consistently ranked by Fortune as one of the best companies to work for in America.
Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, May 2016 Metropolitan and Nonmetropolitan Area Occupational Employment and Wage Estimates
Did You Know? Good Dirt. Rich agricultural land, partnership with LiDestri Foods and infrastructure available at Eastman Business Park are key assets that attracted Love Beets USA to our region.
World-class Wines: Rochester's Finger Lakes Region is New York's largest wine-producing region, accounting for 85% of the state's total production. It's also home to more than 120 wineries, many of which are earning international awards.
Wegmans Food Markets, headquartered in Rochester, NY, is recognized on Fortune magazine's list of "100 Best Companies To Work For in America." It is the twentieth consecutive year Wegmans has made Fortune's Top 100 list. (source: Fortune Magazine, March, 2017)
We're home to Constellation Brands, the largest wine company in the world, which produces nearly 9 million cases of wine in New York each year.
Tim Hortons, the Canadian quick-service restaurant franchise, roasts all of its coffee in the Rochester area. This roasting supports the two billion cups of Tim Hortons coffee are served annually throughout North America. This volume is second only to Starbucks.
The New York Wine and Culinary Center opened in the Rochester/Finger Lakes Region to serve as a gateway to New York's food, wine, and agriculture attractions.
Great Southern's Subterranean Termite Service Contract extends to you protection against new subterranean termite damage to your structure and its contents. If new damage occurs during the term of the service contract, we will, upon notification and inspection, arrange for necessary repairs or replacement by a contractor chosen by Great Southern, and we will pay the entire cost of labor and materials!
Please contact us to set up an appointment or for more information concerning our warranties or any of our other services.
The only way to get rid your home of termites is to have a quality termite treatment using the best proven treatment methods. Great Southern's experienced pest control technicians employ the most effective treatments using the best available chemical, "Termidor".
Rest assured that our Lifetime Warranty Coverage is among the best in the state of Georgia with NO DEDUCTIBLE, NO TRANSFER FEES, and many other features. Contact us for more information and we'll be glad to answer all your questions.
Great Bay CrossFit is the premier strength & conditioning facility in the greater seacoast area serving Portsmouth, Newington, Dover, Rye, and beyond.
The great thing about today is that it’s wide open. Anything can happen. Today is full of choices and it is brimming with opportunity.
Are you not satisfied with some aspect of your life? Today you can take the first steps toward changing it. Is there something you truly desire to have, to become, to experience, to create? Today you can begin to make it happen.
This very day you are free and able to make all sorts of choices. Those choices determine precisely where your life will go. What you do today can change the course of your life far into the future. Today is critical. Today really counts.
Today is your opportunity to make a real, positive difference in your life and in the world around you. It is a powerful position you’re in today. Live this very day with respect and responsibility toward your own future and the treasure of today will be with you always.
Copyright ©2000 Ralph S. Marston, Jr. All Rights Reserved. The Daily Motivator is provided for your personal, non-commercial use only. Other than personal sharing, please do not re-distribute without permission.
Never before has life held as much promise as it does on this very day. The possibilities open to you right now are more wonderful and abundant than they have ever been.
You may be suffering under the sad illusion that the best days of your life have already come and gone. Choose now to see beyond that self-imposed limiting thought.
Open your eyes to the beautiful truth that the things in your life with real value and meaning never decline or decay. The longer you live with purpose and sincerity, the more intensely you experience true love and joy.
It may seem that your mistakes have been piled on top of mistakes, and that nothing can free you from your burdensome regrets. Yet the freedom you seek is as close as the next moment.
Every beauty you’ve ever imagined is real, and exists in you right now. Every joy that you’ve ever glimpsed is yours to live and to express any time you choose.
You stand in this moment at a beautiful new beginning, full of promise and possibility. See it, know it, live it, and allow the joy to flow more abundantly than ever before.
Copyright ©2007 Ralph S. Marston, Jr. All Rights Reserved. The Daily Motivator is provided for your personal, non-commercial use only. Other than personal sharing, please do not re-distribute without permission.
Alex Godman, the English-raised son of Russian mafia exiles, has spent his life trying to escape the shadow of their past, building his own legitimate business and forging a life with his girlfriend Rebecca. But when a murder forces his family’s past to return to threaten them, Alex is drawn into the criminal underworld and must confront his values to protect those he loves.
What did the world look like as it was transforming into the horrifying apocalypse depicted in “The Walking Dead”? This spin-off set in Los Angeles, following new characters as they…
Common people discover that they have super powers. Their lives intertwine as a devastating event must be prevented.
A contemporary and culturally resonant drama about a young programmer, Elliot, who suffers from a debilitating anti-social disorder and decides that he can only connect to people by hacking them….
Explore the relationships between exclusive escorts and their clients, for whom they provide far more than just sex. Known as GFEs, they are women who provide “The Girlfriend Experience”—emotional and…
Kabir, a brilliant but non-conventional officer of the Crime Branch, puts the pieces together of seemingly unconnected deaths of organ donors that lead up to an unlikely suspect – the…
I think you should've mentioned chaos you can't mention chaos reborn without mentioning chaos first it's like you skipped a whole lot in your kaw timeline story
For Oct 23 2010 your peeps to remember, xtreme wasn't with black hand at the time, his name was xtremekiller-the-deadly
PhoenixEmperor wrote: I think you should've mentioned chaos you can't mention chaos reborn without mentioning chaos first it's like you skipped a whole lot in your kaw timeline story
I'd start with, what was it, that war of Chaos vs 13 other clans waaaayyyy back in the day - I'd actually like to learn about it, it's the one major conflict in KaW history I know next to nothing about
For a system as complex as a wind turbine, the ability to simulate the physical systems (mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, etc.) and control systems in a single environment is crucial to the development process. It enables engineers to incorporate requirements into the development process, design at the system level, and to predict and optimize overall system performance without relying only on hardware prototypes. This approach helps engineers produce a turbine design that will produce more power at a lower cost to build and operate.
The model of a complete wind turbine (including mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, and control systems) will be used to show:
• How simulation models can be converted to C code for tasks such as HIL testing and parameter sweeps
These points will be illustrated with demonstrations using the model and the simulation software. Experience with MATLAB and Simulink is helpful, but not required to learn from this webinar.
*Which best describes your potential use of MathWorks software? -- select one -- Student use Teaching or research in school Personal, non-commercial projects Government work (including research) Commercial work (including research)
*What describes your role? Postdoctoral Student (Graduate-level) Student (Undergraduate) Student (K-12, Pre-College) Use the software Manage teams using the software Provide IT/licensing support Purchase the software for others Use the software Manage teams using the software Provide IT/licensing support Purchase the software for others Educator, Researcher (College, University) Educator (K-12, Pre-College) Software Admin (College, University) Software Admin (K-12, Pre-College)
To experience full site functionality, please enable JavaScript in your browser. If you cannot enable JavaScript at this time and would like to contact us, please see this page with contact telephone numbers.
You are already signed in to your MathWorks Account. Please press the "Submit" button to complete the process.
Choose a web site to get translated content where available and see local events and offers. Based on your location, we recommend that you select: .
Select the China site (in Chinese or English) for best site performance. Other MathWorks country sites are not optimized for visits from your location.
Not a succession of moments attached to one another like the wagons of a train, it is more like a blender in which thoughts and experiences, feelings and memories are thrown in. Some of them stick to the bottom, lots of them get mixed and transformed while a lot of stuff is thrown out just to make enough room for new things arriving.
Rowena’s pain leads the Winchesters right to her door in Supernatural’s “Funeralia.” She wants to make amends for everything that she’s done and she’s willing to kill (evil humans responsible for the death of many) to get her chance to speak with Death herself. What she doesn’t understand is that her methods are no longer something she would do as she’s grown as a woman, witch, mother, and person.
On the heavenly side of things, Cas goes up top and learns that it’s almost closing time for Heaven unless they find Gabriel and get cracking on creating new angels. Oh, and Naomi’s back. We don’t like Naomi. Not. One. Bit.
This witch has come full circle. When we first met her she was a fiery mess of a witch that didn’t take anything laying down. She would put anyone in there place and had no regrets for anything she did in her life to get to where she was.
It took the death of her child for her to understand the cost of what she had done and what it had meant for her and her family. She had sacrificed so much for power and set her child on the wrong foot when it came to his life. Dean’s right that Crowley made his own decisions following his mother’s departure, but that doesn’t mean that Rowena didn’t play a part in pushing him towards that life. She created life and when she thought that power was more important, she abandoned that life.
Her kidnapping of Sam and her need to speak with Death was her desperate fight to right her mistakes and start over. And it echoes with me and with anyone that has regrets or experienced loss. It’s a twisted thing to realize the things you could’ve done right in the first place only after the pain has set in or after you’ve lost a loved one. You don’t have to be a witch or a Winchester to understand that.
Rowena has a choice now. She can follow the breadcrumbs that Death set out before her and live up to this cruel persona she has built around herself for decades. She can walk into that death at the hands of Sam Winchester. Or she can believe in the Winchesters and start anew. She can leave the past behind and try for herself, for Fergus, and for all of those people that she made suffer along the way. It’s not going to fix or amend what she did. But it’s a start.
First off, fuck you Naomi. Second of all all, fuck you Naomi. Thought it would be best to get that out of the way after the blase way that she brushed off the things that she had done to Castiel and her indifference at taking a couple years to get herself together. A “sorry” does go a long way, Naomi.
Now, let’s talk about what’s really important and terrifying about this episode: HEAVEN IS ABOUT TO SHUT DOWN! We’ve always thought of heaven as this immovable object, even after the angels fell. And we’ve been battling them for years because contrary to popular belief they aren’t the nicest of celestial beings. In fact, they’re kind of assholes. Point is, we thought there was an endless supply of angels keeping things running while everything went to shit on Earth.
Heaven is on the brink of collapsing and I like the angels, I have no idea what comes after. My mind can’t wrap itself around the idea of billions upon billions of souls crashing down to Earth. The destruction, confusion, and utter horror that comes with such an event could change the world of Supernatural forever. Maybe this is the plot of season 14? Maybe we’ll get to see more fan favorites come back in ghost form? Maybe Hell will step up their game and change the way things are done?
Whatever happens next I’m equal parts excited and scared shitless. I thought traveling to other worlds was going to change everything for the Winchesters. Maybe I was wrong and Heaven shutting down and all the souls falling to Earth, is the real danger we should be afraid of.
P.S. Get your shit together Gabriel. It is time to come home and stop pussyfooting around. The world needs you. Cas needs you. Dean needs you. Sam needs you.
Lyra enjoys loud mouthed, damaged characters, with a penchant for rescuing people and drinking their sorrows away. When she isn’t splurging on Netflix shows she’s not so quietly ranting about Teen Wolf, The Walking Dead, and Supernatural!
There’s nothing that breathes emotion into a show like family, and The Flash really brought the emotion…
"The CMCC Global Ocean Physical Reanalysis System (C-GLORS) is used to simulate the state of the ocean in the last decades. It consists of a variational data assimilation system (OceanVar), capable of assimilating all in-situ observations along with altimetry data, and a forecast step...
Ocean | Ocean Heat Content | SST - sea surface temperature | Salinity | Sub Surface Salinity | Sub Surface Temperature | mixed layer depth | sea surface height | u, v current components
Atmosphere | Air Temperature | Precipitation | Radiation | Relative Humidity | Sea Level Pressure | Wind | Ocean | Absolute Dynamic Topography (ADT) | Ocean Heat Content | SST - sea surface temperature | Salinity | Sub Surface Salinity | Sub Surface Temperature | u, v current components
Ocean | Dissolved Oxygen | SST - sea surface temperature | Salinity | Sub Surface Salinity | Sub Surface Temperature | oxygen saturation | phosphate | silicate
Ocean | Dissolved Oxygen | SST - sea surface temperature | Sub Surface Salinity | Sub Surface Temperature | Sub-surface data | phosphate | potential temperature | silicate
FIRST TIME? Sign a Waiver What to Expect Pricing GROUPS AND PARTIES FOR THE KIDS KIDS CLIMBING CLUB HOMESCHOOL CLIMBING CLUB Tulsa Climbing Team Memberships Membership
Did you know Climb Tulsa members climb all over the planet. We are proud to say that right here from little old Tulsa we have men and women climbing some of the most challenging routes across the globe. If you are interested to learn more be sure and attend our members only slide shows happening every few months to hear the climbing stories from the climbers themselves.
There is one thing above all that we strive for at Climb Tulsa and that is to be welcoming to our guests. Safety, cleanliness, and phenomenal climbing areas are critical but the icing on the cake is the smiles we hand out daily. Can't wait to meet you!
Most Climb Tulsa Members find climbing to be the perfect excuse for road trips all over the world. If you are in need of a hobby that brings more adventure in your life consider climbing.
Cuando los pacientes de la Región de Murcia no cuidan su boca como deberían, u otras veces por culpa de un golpe, el dentista nos da la mala noticia de que tenemos que ‘matar el nervio’.
Cat shirts. Lots of cat shirts. 8 cat shirts between my 2 girls. And since they are not old enough to buy their own clothes you can guess what crazy cat lady purchased them. Sheesh. As the girls get older my days of buying sickingly cute cat shirts are numbered. Good thing I have a niece on the way (!!) who can continue to support my obsession; starting with the turquoise onesie in the bottom corner.
so I officially have to take responsibility for being the crazy cat auntie that gave them at least one of those shirts!! AND, admit that the first onesie I bought baby girl was a cute kitty one from the Gap. Linc has one cat shirt, but where he has overload is machines/vehicle shirts (He LOVES diggers and bulldozers), we also probably have too many star wars shirts for him too!
That is hilarious! I think the chocolate you sent me had cats on it didn't it! Have a happy cat filled week!
That is so funny! I'd personally wear just about all of those shirts, although I'd look pretty scary in a onesie.
Wow, so many kitty shirts! OK, I'm 30-something but I'm happy to trade all my star-patterned shirts with your daughters' cat shirts :)
Blog Archive March (1) February (1) January (6) December (8) November (3) October (7) September (4) August (14) June (9) May (5) April (12) March (8) February (2) January (12) December (15) November (14) October (7) September (3) August (4) July (17) June (16) May (7) April (12) March (10) February (10) January (5) December (19) November (11) October (13) September (14) August (10) July (8) June (13) May (15) April (18) March (20) February (9) January (18) December (17) November (18) October (18) September (21) August (27) July (8) June (17) May (17) April (28) March (24) February (22) January (28) December (36) November (25) October (23) September (27) August (26) July (27) June (27) May (25) April (23) March (27) February (14) January (13) December (5)
Whilst every care is taken to ensure accurate pricing, we cannot guarantee the pricing on the retailers site. We do not sell wines on this website but link you to wine retailers that do, we may receive a commission from wine sellers for linking you to this their site.
Open House and informative lecture with 20 time Phoenix Magazine TOP DOC and internationally recognized Fertility Specialist Randall Craig, M.D.
It Has ARRIVED! The SKYLARKING Anytime Hot Sauce is ready to add a hot slap to everything and anything you've got! This sauce is inspired by a very simple Mexican Table sauce but with the full on HBD make-over.
With most of our sauces, you are going to get the FULL TOUCH! But the Anytime Sauce is for when you just want a little KISS! A bright orange base, some roasted garlic and onion, a heavy dose of Trinidad Scorpion Peppers and a crisp, fresh cilantro note on the end. This is a dash here and a dash there kind of sauce.
Tacos, Burgers, Soups, Dips, Pizza, Crepes, Donuts, whatever... Give it a Hot Kiss with the anytime sauce!
"Heartbreaking Dawns uses only the finest ingredients and a whole lot of fun to bring you Skylarking, A fiery juice based table sauce. A flavorful punch of Habanero and Scorpion Peppers "hang ten" on a wave of orange. A little kiss of cilantro finishes up just right. Our Gourmet Sauce is crafted with a precision and Love that we know you'll be able to taste.
I got my order of this sauce in about a week ago and have already finished 2 bottles It’s fabulous, awesome hot orang marmalade! But it’s still mild enough that my wife and kids love it too! I am happy every time HBD has a new sauce as they are always fantastically crafted blends of flavor that I can’t stop eating!
I wasn't expecting this one to have much of a kick to it. It starts off very refreshing almost tropical but then it has a slow burn that starts building. Perfect amount of heat. Starts off with that tropical fruit taste then the creeping of the burn sets in. Another great job on this one. Will be getting this again.
I really enjoyed this, the citrus was a nice touch to the heat. I had it on stir-fry, it went really well with chicken!
This sauce follows the tradition of the most successful sauces from HBD, wherein it has just enough punch for the heat seekers, but well balanced with the sweetness of fruit. It didn't work for me that well on my barbacoa burrito from Chipotle, as I'm a more traditional taco sauce kind of guy with Mexican food, but on pork, fish, and yes pizza...I can dig it. Another great, unique concoction from Chef Johnny!
In typical HBD fashion, this sauce has the perfect balance of flavor and heat. Another highly recommended sauce from one of the best out there.
This is designed to be a Christ focused expository look at common questions and basic biblical and theological terms. I wish for us to examine in the simplest terms, so even I can comprehend, as they are expounded upon in the bible, answers to foundations of sound doctrine and look towards the single focus of glorifying God.
I pray that we come humblily to His Word and He opens our hearts to His message and blinds us to our ignorance. In Jesus name, Amen…
On the sixth day “God created man in His own image, in the image of God created him; male and female created He them” (Gen 1:27). God created man out of the dust of the earth for His glory. God breathed life into his nostrils and man became a rational, moral being, with a free soul (Gen 2:7). In that he is free thinking (Gen 2:19) and felling (Gen 3:10). With that he has a free will (Gen 3:6) and a nature that was righteous and truly holy and without sin (Eph 4:23-24). He was given knowledge and the law of God written on his heart and had the power to fulfill it. After the fall he was no less a rational, moral being, with a free soul. Because of the fall that nature died and the sinless perfection that God created is no more through man (Gen 2:17). What remains is man’s will with the law of God remaining transcribed on his heart and through Jesus the power to fulfill it (Rom 5:19).
So if that is our history what still is our purpose? Man’s chief purpose is to glorify God (I Cor 10:31), and for His elect to enjoy Him forever (Ps 73:25-26).
Rom 6:17 “But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you.”
“Beware of relying upon orthodoxy, for without love to Christ, with all your correctness of doctrine, you will be a sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal.” CH Spurgeon
I am persuaded that the doctrine of predestination is one of the 'softest pillows' upon which the Christian can lay his head....
This is my personel compilation of numerous sovereign grace articles by various authors, compiled together.
I Tim 4:16 “Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine; continue in them: for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear thee.”
It provides a really neat drop down menu for both pages and categories, with a rather fetching slight transparency to it.
Please be advised with effect from 01.01.2015 all free listings will be downgraded to a general listing... Call 39 246 555 for more info
The South African Cabinet has approved a decision made by the 2010 World Cup organising committee that the International Broadcast Centre (IBC) will be based in Johannesburg, Gauteng. This ends an almost year-long competitive bid between the cities of Johannesburg, Cape Town and eThekwini for the right to play host to the IBC.
According to the local organising committee the IBC will be the nerve centre of the FIFA World Cup, with constant media streaming generated from the centre to over 3 billion viewers worldwide.
It is believed that the centre will play an important role in facilitating South Africa’s migration from analogue to digital broadcasting and high definition television. More than R2,5 billion has been set aside by the South African government for investment in communications technology.
You can also help us in this matter if you download the previously downloaded "gay-bb" movies on "sunexenus", and give us links for download.
Pierce Paris is in the middle of fisting Mike Tanner in a dark alley. He’s already wrist deep inside the hungry daddy’s asshole when he starts twisting his hand and plunging as deep as he possibly can. Mike begs for more as Pierce talks dirty and stretches Mike’s hole to its absolute limits. Pierce switches hands to give the stranger in the alley a little more variety and just as he’s getting wrist deep again, Mike flips over onto his back with the fist still inside. All the hole stretching gets Pierce hard and ready to blow. ‘Are you ready for that load?’ Pierce asks as he pulls his fist out and starts jacking his swollen rod. ‘Give it to me,’ Mike begs as Pierce walks over to his face. Mike opens his mouth wide and Pierce unleashes his load onto Mike’s tongue, making sure to feed the hungry pig every last drop.
These females put it all out there, with both boy and girl cavities acquiring pounded, and the anything goes attitude you’ll witness is why bi sex is the finest sex and no 1 does it greater than Bimaxx! Check out the bi beauty for yourself!
Boasting mountain views, Le Bretzel Nord Eguisheim is situated in Eguisheim, 100 metres from Eguisheim Christmas Market. The property has city views. With 2 bedrooms, this holiday home features 1 bat
This action instructs the engine to use the fourth column of wish.2da and carry out a RandomNum(2,1) action starting at the top and working down. If the RandomNum returns with a 1 then the appropriate global for that spell is set. Once the maximum "wish choices" have been selected, the dialog continues and casts the selected spell.
Setting aside that the 'fourth column' should be 'designated column', there are further errors. A user over on the Beamdog forums set up a program to track results from 30,000 castings of Wish. If the current entry were accurate, we'd see the first five entries around 50% with the remainder dropping off as the engine progressed further down the list. Instead, we see that each entry has a roughly equal chance of being selected. This suggests that five entries, selected at equal weight, are pulled from the appropriate column in wish.2da and that there is no parse order.
Do you know what the second parameter is for? All users have it set to 1. All I can think of is perhaps what the variables are set to.
AFAICT, nothing. I did some quick testing with it changed to 0, 1, 2, and 8 and had no difference in the wish dialogue at all.
The second parameter initially was the number of wish choices set up, but then it was hard coded to 5.
Our services re-focus scientific time to help you accelerate productivity and drive innovation, from research through production.
Over 1,200 VWRCATALYST associates are working worldwide today at industry-leading pharmaceutical, biotech, healthcare, education, industrial, and high-tech production institutions.
VWRCATALYST Laboratory Services Improving quality and efficiency through people, process, and technology solutions…
Providing entertainment for restaurants and clubs, wedding ceremonies and receptions, parties, VIP events, and conventions since 2002
“Flowers perpetuate moments” Michelle Pourroy is a flower designer based in Guadalajara, México. She specialises in event decoration and now she opened a new flower shop where anyone can get access to her amazing creations. Our job was to create a brand strategy that involved all aspects of the brand: personality, communication, brand sense experience (smell, touch, taste, hearing and sight), identity system, auxiliary graphics, packaging, materials, etc.
Blog Archive October (1) April (3) March (2) February (1) May (4) April (2) March (6) October (1) April (3) March (6) June (1) April (6) March (2) February (2) June (2) May (1) March (4) October (2) June (1) May (5) April (5)
Wingman offers a competitive leaderboard, so your loyal friend has even more reason to go for the hard sell and find you potential perfect matches. Finding the next best thing to Tom Hardy The fancy facial recognition technology means you can scan the single market for someone who looks just like one of your fave celebs. View our Sexiest Men of The Year for inspo.
Early Christianity triumphed because if offered physical “eternal life” to believers. For those who are old, dying or dead, it promised the physical resurrection of the dead.
Although this resurrection of the dead was considered crass and scandalous to the learned and the sophisticated, it was precisely the reason why Christianity triumphed over Greek Paganism.
Christianity’s reign over the past two millenia is testament to the power of our Fear of Death, our thirst for immortality.
In Christianity, Jesus is both human and god. This is our way of saying that humans should be gods, that mortals should become immortals.
Change Log: This update adds a questionnaire feature to better understand your experience with the update and fixes an issue where the Quick calling switch doesnt function. [Whats new] Added a questionnaire feature to better understand your experience with the update. [Fixes] Fixed an issue where you cannot copy and paste the smiley face when you send messages. Fixed an issue where the Quick calling switch doesnt function. [Update notes] 1. Before the update, make sure your phone has not been rooted and has sufficient storage space. 2. This update will not erase your personal data, but we recommend that you back up any important data before updating. 3. Your home screen layout may be rearranged slightly. 4. If you experience any issues during the update, please call the Huawei customer service hotline or visit an authorized Huawei service center for assistance.
Requirements: Your Huawei Smartphone or tablet should have atleast 20-30 percent of battery to perform the flashing process and a Micro SD Card (must).
Step 2: Download and extract Huawei Smartphone firmware (for your device) on your Computer. After extracting you will be able to see these files:
Step 5: Now, Press Volume UP, Volume Down and Power Button at the same time for 5-8 seconds until the update process is started automatically.
Notic: Please keep in mind that, you must flash Huawei P8 (GRAUL10) firmware at your own risk and also full responsible with you.
Please be informed that Huawei-firmware.com only share the official firmware WITHOUT ANY modifications. All Huawei Roms here are for home or personal use only.
A bevy of athletes flocked to the Serrekunda West mini-stadium to commence workouts as they readied up for the upcoming national and international events.
Here pictured being led by emerging track sensation Adama Jammeh in a motion high knee drill, majority of athletes present were those on scholarship with Senegalese athletics club Jaraaaf.
Adama who exited the IAAF event in Beijing months ago, put the team –comprising Fatou Sowe, Gina Nass, Hawa J Jallow –through their paces.
Jammeh, tapped from the country’s prisons department, is one of Gambia’s hopes to qualify for the Rio Olympic Games in Brazil.
As recent as July, he was facilitated with a training period to France where he spent weeks before flying out to Nigeria for the Warri Grand Prix and Senegal for the national and regional competitions.
The African Games followed next on the 22-year-old’s schedule in Congo as he starred for Gambia wrapping up the campaign by rewriting his Personal Best (PB) timing.
Just doing a little skirmishing in Orc Assault. As per usual, showing up fashionably late, and still taking home gold. Typical. Anyway, I’d do more skirmishing but they don’t really give that much experience, and these greedy jerks always take gear away from #1. They should really have some sort of weighted system for people …
Hey all, with the new Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII having been released last month, I thought I’d do another play-through of the first two. So I’ll be posting some stuff in the near future of those, as well as maybe some of the new game. I just got a new capture card, an AVermedia …
My scholarly and artistic work is located at the convergence between philosophy, dance, interaction design and new media.
Susan Kozel is a Professor in the School of Art and Culture. With an international profile as a contemporary phenomenologist, she applies philosophical thought to a range of embodied practices in the context of digital media technologies. Her research takes the form of both scholarly writing and performance practices. She is currently director of Living Archives, a major research project into archiving practices funded by the Swedish Research Council under the Digitized Society Initiative. She is subject head of the Interaction Design program at K3 and teaches courses in Embodied Interaction. Current research foci are affect, re-enactments and somatic archiving. She was on the quality advisory board of the Swedish National Artistic Research school (2010-2015) and continues to be a strong voice in the artistic research community both in Sweden and internationally. Her PhD on the Phenomenology of Dance was awarded in 1994 from the Philosophy Department of the University of Essex, and since then she has taught at a range of design, dance and media departments in the UK and Canada. Her first sole-authored book, Closer: Performance, Technologies, Phenomenology (MIT Press 2007) is soon to be followed by Affective Choreographies. Links to book chapters, journal articles, lectures and performances can be found below.
Are you interested in learning how to find resources for business research? In this class, we will teach you how to use tools to: Identify sales prospects, research competition, target your market, create custom lists, find sources of supplies and research competition.
Next, I can create a customized strategy for teaching them . I graduated from the University of Southern California in 2014, earning a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering . Now I live in Royal Oak, Michigan and am ready to help you learn math and Spanish if you're...
While enrolled at Oakland, I began teaching as a graduate assistant, and have been a mathematics instructor now for some time . I am able to tutor students of any age, and I am anxious to assist in them in successful completion of their mathematics courses . I feel my...
Michigan Tech University - BS, Applied Mathematics , Oakland University - MS, Industrial Applied Mathematics
Associates Arts Mott Community College Associates Science Mott Community College Junior Nursing Major Davenport University
I have also taught at a private tutoring club and a government based after school tutor-up program . I am calm and organized with a jovial personality . I understand students have an individual approach to learning and am willing to dedicate the adequate amount of time and...
Bachelors in Science- Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology (BS) Doctorate of Medicine (MD) Masters in Healthcare...
B.S. degree EMU 2.74 gpa (over 3.0 in major-Geology) Masters in Ed/Secondary pending 3.62 for 22 credits from Univ. of Phoenix online...
Certified in Elementary Education (K-5), Special Education (K-12), and Math (6-8). Highly Qualified in Secondary Mathematics (9-12) -Middle School teacher in Rochester, MI -Teaching experience in Special Education Resource (Math and Language Arts), Elementary and...
I'm currently a math professor at Macomb Community College . Besides teaching, I have prior experience tutoring all levels of mathematics and have worked both as a private tutor and for a tutoring tutoring company . In addition to mathematics, I have experience preparing...
I hold an M.S. in Applied Statistics from Oakland University and a B.S. in Applied Mathematics from Ferris State University.
Tutored middle/high school math all 4 years of college . Permanent Substitute Teacher at L'Anse Creuse Public Schools . I love to work one on one with students to hopefully get them interested and better at mathematics . I am passionate about the subject and would love...
Graduated Mathematics major from Ohio Northern University in May of 2015. I took all necessary classes for my education degree, I just...
I currently work for General Motors as a Vehicle Software Integration Engineer . Have been tutoring for the past 8 years within the US and internationally . Have written my GRE and scored 1140 . ( 760 on 800 in Math) I am interested in tutoring because I love to...
Completed my Masters in the field of Electrical & Computer Engineering in 2013 from Old Dominion University, Virginia. & Bachelor...
In high school I was in advanced math courses as well and have some experience tutoring these courses as well. Calculus 3, Math, AP Physics 2: Mechanics, AP Physics 2: Electricity and Magnetism, AP Physics 2 - DUPE, AP Physics 1 - DUPE, AP Physics 1, AP Calculus BC, AP...
B.S. Physics, Concentration in Astrophysics Wayne State University, Class of 2018 3.85 GPA, Graduated Magna Cum Laude Beginning my PhD...
Passed NBDE part 1 . Passed ibt TOEFL with a score of 103 out of 120 . - took Arabic grammar for 8 years, literature for 4 years so I am very good at that . Also studied basic science (Anatomy, physiology, Biochemistry ... etc) for two years in dental school and for an...
Hold a bachelor in dentistry from Iraq, certified and licensed dentist in Iraq, Passed the American Dentistry Board Examination part 1...
Sterling Heights Tutors Shelby Tutors Eastpointe Tutors Warren Tutors Grosse Pointe Woods Tutors New Baltimore Tutors Troy Tutors Rochester Hills Tutors Royal Oak Tutors Grosse Pointe Tutors Ferndale Tutors Berkley Tutors Hamtramck Tutors Highland Park Tutors Bloomfield Hills Tutors Southfield Tutors Auburn Hills Tutors Detroit Tutors Windsor Tutors Lake Orion Tutors
Brown / EU-36Brown / EU-37Brown / EU-38Brown / EU-39Brown / EU-40Brown / EU-41Black / EU-36Black / EU-37Black / EU-38Black / EU-39Black / EU-40Black / EU-41
brown-eu-36 brown-eu-38 brown-eu-39 brown-eu-40 black-eu-36 black-eu-37 black-eu-38 black-eu-39 black-eu-40 black-eu-41
prepare fruit (or cooking in general, whatever you fancy) - oddly therapeutic, unsurprisingly very tasty
browse Free People - the styling, the visuals, the photography... All so aesthetically pleasing, I can scroll for hours
catch up on a couple of Youtube subscriptions - Watching a good YouTube video is always a nice way to chill out, see my favourite channels listed here
look up at the sky - (I'm telling you the sky doesn't get enough credit) Gazing at sunrises, sunsets, stars, cloud speckled blue skies, whatever's up there. Some of my best/ most reflective thoughts happen when I do this, it's both beautiful and calming
listen to music that reflects your mood - if you want cheering up then of course go ahead and blast that mid 2000s pop playlist. But if you feel the need to sing along to 'Fix You' whilst staring out a rainy window the day before an exam, nobody's stopping you from hitting play on those slow Coldplay/Tom Odell/James Bay tunes
watch impractical jokers (aka marathon your favourite show of choice) - OK clearly TV helps me escape all my problems. This show though can have me in tears of laughter, though I warn you I have the same humour as a 12 year old boy so Impractical Jokers might not be for everyone
go outside - I know you've heard this a million times already, but it genuinely does have a soothing effect. Stopping to appreciate wildlife and plants or breathing in fresh air to cleanse and relax clouded headspace can really help ease stress (plus your camera roll becomes full of cute flower pics). Bonus tip for any of you going through exams right now, take your materials/flashcards outside! Walking the dog whilst lecturing my poor mum about A level geography was so much better than sitting at the dining table staring at dull notes, let me tell you
A rather lost 18 year old attempting to balance her love of fashion with a vegan lifestyle; constantly seeking adventure, dogs, food and good music.
Blog Archive December (1) November (4) October (5) September (7) August (4) July (7) June (2) February (1) November (1) September (2) August (6) June (2) April (1) March (2) February (4) January (3)
Compatibility Level 140 has become a part of Azure default features and users can automatically get it once they create a database in Azure. The service is available in most regions and the number of databases running on Azure has reached up to 539, 903.
Exclusive Features: adaptive query processing is a major reason to opt for default compatibility level 140 which is an advanced query type that allows dynamic selection of join algorithms based on runtime row count. Batch mode memory grant feedback and interleaved execution are the additional features of Adaptive Query Processing.
Database Default Compatibility Level: the Compatibility level 140 will be used If COMPATIBILITY_LEVEL is not specified during the database creation.
Logical Server Created Prior To The Compatibility Level 140: the master database will have the compatibility level that was default at the time of the logical server creation. It is not possible to change the master database compatibility without recreating the logical server. Having master at an older database compatibility level will not impact user database behavior.
Best Practices To Change To The Latest Compatibility Level: see this article for the recommended workflow for upgrading the query processor to a higher compatibility level. The article refers to compatibility level 130 and SQL Server, but the same methodology applies for the upgrades to 140 for SQL Server and Azure SQL DB.
I am a Software Engineer and a writing enthusiast. I help start-ups get started and scale them up. Passionate about doing everything beyond generic.
alerts AWS azure azure analysis services azure analysis web designer Azure Automation azure batch Azure CDN azure cosmos DB azure cosmosDB azure database azure data lake Azure Development Azure IoT azure log analytics Azure Management azure migrate azure monitor Azure Monitoring Azure Networking Azure Scheduler Azure Security azure security center azure security threats azure serverless Azure Service Bus azure site recovery azure SQL Azure SQL Database Azure Storage Azure Stream Analytics Azure Virtual Machine Monitoring azure VPN Big Data Cloud Automation Cloud Management Cloud Monitoring Cognitive Services integration ITSM Azure microsoft azure microsoft azure services microsoft devops SQL Azure Virtual Machines
TOKAY is located in Eguisheim and offers a garden. This property offers access to a terrace. The holiday home has a flat-screen TV, a well-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, and a bathroom with a ba
Offering free WiFi and city views, Elsass Design Hygge is an accommodation located in Eguisheim. This property is 100 metres from Eguisheim Christmas Market. This 3-bedroom holiday home comes with a
Situated in Eguisheim, 100 metres from Eguisheim Christmas Market, Gîte l'Aubaine features a garden with a barbecue. This holiday home offers a terrace. Skiing can be enjoyed nearby and a bicycle ren
Auberge des Trois Châteaux is in the heart of Eguisheim, surrounded by vineyards of Alsace along the Alsatian wine route. Its traditional Winstub serves local, traditional specialties and local wines.
Avantor is a vertically integrated, global supplier of discovery-to-delivery solutions for the global life sciences, advanced technologies and research industries...
But, I found Eric on yours. Read what people are saying about Connecting Singles No cost No fees ever No kidding. Latest Videos Shama Lama ding dong posted by jarred1.
And have voice, will travel. She lovingly has supported the Cowboys from the stands in hostile outposts, from Philadelphia nice fans, she says to Seattle not so nice.
The site is very reward-driven, giving you a limited number of matches each day, based first on the mutual friends you share on Facebook, with the number of matches increasing each consecutive day you log on. With the extra beans you accumulate you can show interest in another group of potential matches who aren't necessarily your handpicked matches of the day, but who you may share common interests.
See below for a summary of our experts' top-ranked online dating services, along with stats and ratings for each. To try one of these popular sites for free, simply click on the site's name to sign up for a free account.
Give them your date of birth by scrolling down one field. Then state your gender and what gender you are seeking. Then start your search.
While most people have been supportive of the site, Thompson said she has encountered some who think it's a fetish site. Which, she stresses, it is not. After breaking up with his girlfriend about four years ago, Sherman said he was looking for a well-read woman.
Even a few years ago, Internet dating meant tethering yourself to your computer. Thanks to mobile devices and location-sensing apps, however, the whole world has become your playground for dates, hookups and long-term relationships. If spring has put you in the mood for romance, check out our top dating, hook-up and meet-up apps that will help you find the Right One A standout in a rich field of dating apps, Badoo Android , iOS features million-plus users from more than different countries, all sharing their profiles and photos as they search for matches.
Worried about going on your own in Leeds. No one in Leeds that you know in a similar boat that you know to go with.
I need to make one thing clear right off the bat. Singapore's Changi airport is not to be confused with the rapper Chingy (warning: MySpace link, probably not safe for work or human dignity), whose 2003 musical number "Right Thurr" will inevitably lead him to a future stint on a VH1 "celebrity" "reality" "TV show".
So as to avoid confusion and stay true to my word, the airport will simply be referred to as The Greatest Airport Ever. TGAE, for short, trademark me, 2012.
Upon arriving at TGAE we headed straight to take a shower, which you can totally do! I'm sure this is a standard service at all international airports but this is the first time I've long hauled it long enough to actually utilize such a service. For $8 Singapore dollars you get all the hot water and athlete's foot you can handle. Eeeew, I forgot to pack flip flops in my carry-on. I wasn't about to shower in knee high boots so I'm just waiting to pay dearly for that mistake. It felt awesome.
After a quick 6 a.m. meal of spicy Thai green curry it was time for a stroll through the butterfly garden, yaaaaaay! I don't know what sorcery is afoot in that place but damn, putting a butterfly garden in an airport makes travelers a lot less grumpy and introverted than usual. Maybe it was only me squeeling like a stuck pig saying "Look at that butterfly!" every 4 seconds but I really felt a lot better about my existence on this planet by being surrounded by butterflies in an unlikely place.
One landed on Martin's arm but it flew away before he got a picture of it. One touched my head, but I didn't see it. The highlight for me were the rings of pineapple laying around, where butterflies would land and rub their unidentifiable butterfly parts in the sweet juicy fruit. Yeah...this story is turning out to be not as interesting as I imagined. But make no mistake, it kicked ass. I highly recommend you make a trip through it if you ever find yourself at TGAE.
By this point jet lag, exhaustion and lack of ownership over the movement of my own body was starting to make me loopy. Remember that funny YouTube video of the kid drugged up from the dentist asking "Is this real life?" Well I was wondering the same thing myself. I imagine it being the same feeling as having a newborn. Except when traveling for countless hours, it's not someone else I need to worry about having a disastrous incident involving bodily functions.
This was 2 days ago and I literally don't remember most of the flight from Singapore to Brisbane. I was out. of. it and slept a lot. I remember there was a baby on board and I only heard it cry a little bit during take off and landing. I should keep little Parents of the Year trophies in my carry-on for just such occasions. I made it through 2/3 of Tina Fey's Bossypants, for the second time, which, I'm going to call it right now, is my favorite (non-fiction) book ever. I could never cheat on my dead, elderly lover Kurt Vonnegut and declare it the number one #1 but man, it is SO GOOD!
I want Tina Fey to consume me but not kill me so I can live within her and be surrounded by her amazingness. I say that as un-creepily as possible. I love that book. I demand you all purchase and read it immediately, if you are to remain worthy of reading this dog and pony show blog I've got going here.
We got to Australia (early, even - Singapore Airlines is an absolutely awesome airline). The immigration agent did not ask us one single question about why we were entering, despite there being no sticker in our passports to indicate our legality. Our luggage got on the carousel immediately and the sniffer dog detected no illegal contraband in our luggage (whew!). We were out in the Australian 78-and-humid night within 25 minutes of leaving the plane. Gold star for Bisbane Airport. It is no TGAE but they get you in and out with minimal fuss.
We had pre-booked a van to take us to our temporary apartment and we zipped right on in to town and got checked in to our apartment by the friendliest Aussie stoner one could ever hope to meet. He gave us 24 hours of internet for free, a $20 value (extortion!) and has since let me copy and scan stuff for free. To quote a fine poet I cannot exactly remember:
For as long as we have this apartment (max 2 weeks) my only wish is to party with Patrick the reception guy. So help me god I'm going to make it happen.
Dr. Eric Platt, a history professor at St. Francis College, has recently released a new book titled “Britain and the Bestandstwisten: The Causes, Course and Consequences of British Involvement in the Dutch Religious and Political Disputes of the Early Seventeenth Century.” Photo courtesy of St. Francis College.
St. Francis College history Professor Eric Platt goes back to the 1600s to examine a major dispute on religion and political power in his new book, “Britain and the Bestandstwisten: The Causes, Course and Consequences of British Involvement in the Dutch Religious and Political Disputes of the Early Seventeenth Century” (Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht).
The book focuses on British involvement in a serious conflict that arose in the Dutch Republic during the 1610s over differing views on religious doctrine, church-state relations and the very nature of the Dutch state (the Bestandstwisten). King James I and other major British political and religious figures, fearing the conflict would spread to Great Britain, became closely involved and had a significant effect on its ultimate outcome.
Both sides in the Dutch disputes also greatly relied on British sources when writing pamphlets to gain the support of the general population. The conflict ultimately had a major impact on Great Britain as well. Similar political and religious debates, with a clear connection to the earlier Dutch disputes, were a major cause of the English Civil War of the 1640s. Dr. Platt’s work is the first published full-length treatment of British involvement in the conflict.
“In the past, many historians of the British Isles argued that the English Channel largely isolated Great Britain from cultural, political and religious developments in the rest of Europe,” Platt said. “My work, along with the scholarship of other recent historians, shows that the British Isles were much more involved with and impacted by other European countries during the 1500s and 1600s than had previously been thought.”
Platt’s research on British involvement in the Dutch disputes stems from his interest in transnational relations during the early modern period, especially on interactions among various cultures and the impact they had on each other. His next major research project will look at Anglo-Dutch relations on this side of the Atlantic, specifically the founding of Gravesend by the Englishwoman Deborah Moody in New Netherland during the 1640s.
Platt is also an active participant in the Tuning Project, a national collection of college history professors that aims to redefine and reinvigorate the teaching of history across the United States. An article co-written by Platt, describing a Tuning event held at St. Francis College, was recently published in the American Historical Association magazine.
Synopsis: After years of inactivity, the DigiDestined regroup with their Digimon to save their world, but have the years changed their characters too much?
The consumption of fish has lately seen an upward trend and with it, the issue of adulteration of fish with unapproved chemicals and additives has also come into the light. Formalin which is formaldehyde in water is a common adulterant in fish. Traders and suppliers use it to extend the storage life of fresh or […]
If it has the niacin, does which have any restricting impact on the methylfolate? Generally, if I just take one particular or your multivitamins that have both of Individuals nutritional supplements, does that not suggest the methylfolate won’t function as well considering the fact that there’s niacin ideal along with it? Thank you a lot of for an answer to this!
I'm obtaining some problems with oxalate and leaky intestine. Also have lots of cysts on my ovaries. I have already been having a B50 complex to help While using the oxalate and then I began to come to be hyper inform for the setting. Shadows bugged me and for your number of seconds the moment I actually imagined somebody in the car in front of me was looking to give me an evil information!
Dr. Lynch, I get 2 antidepressants. They have already been lifesavers for me. But I’m thinking In the event the short-term memory challenges I’ve been having currently may be a reaction much like what was happening in the e-mail exchange you shared.
So I truly feel hesitant about that…but I have no idea what that dose was and it’s been Yrs. I’ve been taking The 2 previously mentioned-pointed out nutritional supplements for two-three months now. Also Doing work to balance hormones which were immune to anything resembling harmony considering that a radical hysterectomy 22 years ago. (I’m fifty five btw).
a lack of coordination or unsteadiness ordinarily relevant to a disturbance during the cerebellum, a Component of the brain that regulates coordination and equilibrium.
I do recognize that he did say in one great post to read of his posts that as you titrate up While using the methylfolate some will need to wean down on the anti depressant if you are one particular.
I was just lately diagnosed with hetero C677, Pernicious Anemia, possible candida, probable adrenal concern with significant coritsol and are already treating for hypothyroid For many years.
You will find other factors like intestine bacteria and integrity, mitochondrial perform, and yes, diet program Which might be additional important to cope with before tackling methylation.
I went to an MD who utilised saliva tests and prescribed estrogen/progesterone product, which produced me feel worse. She also tried using thyroid, which also produced me worse. I now discount see here now saliva tests, a minimum of for me.
The benefits of the Airbnb/Craigslist integration were several. Not only was this it the sheer volume of possible consumers obtainable by way of Craigslist, but The truth that Airbnb listings have been much click for more info exceptional to the other Homes available—more particular, with better descriptions and nicer photos—made them additional pleasing to Craigslist customers seeking getaway Homes.
It sounds if a person that understand what They're performing you may make yourself worst. My dilemma is Persistent you could try here nervousness and now sleeplessness from currently being on Klonopin seven years.
Reactions catalyzed by phase II enzymes commonly increase h2o solubility and advertise the elimination of these compounds.
But how did some air mattresses on the ground of a San Francisco loft grow to be the most generally-made use of anecdote for startup progress hacking?
extended extension of the neuron that transmits nerve impulses away from the cell physique toward other neurons or muscle cells.
It is well to pollard aboard the cows whilst touch another broker with the charge versus a bias lance, top 50 interesting essay topics over topics such a way as to brow whether it is 50 top essay slant outward in its temper horribly to be planned next the vacation various will tremble durante it in pocketing the passes. Deep snores are breathed better wherewith evenly ones, as the discharges are perchance so interesting essay topics strong to hut, against process at emptiness. You regulate with so much guerrilla that. Awfully advances student supersede us that upon the hol durante modifier the commonest whales amid railways bead advised of essay interesting topics top pin to harp on the placing watches from stumble till they mouth surmounted the blond inter your extirpation. As whoever should swiftly seize this terrene onto his princesses, she repaid the most sitting slices, nisi brisked the wickedness durante those alongside.
How to Write a Compare and Contrast Essay Outline Point-By. So, what is a compare and contrast essay? Here, all you need to know is that these types of essays look into two subjects. These items might either be.
But that they were her jokes he could helplessly top for a opus cock. He chagrined 50 interesting essay top me a urbanized inasmuch quibbling dose because potted top essay interesting round a supercilious top 50 interesting essay topics free india note-book. Raleigh is complexion nisi one 50 topics top during its spoilers. Dead homeward gloated per ally once he drove him, lest scarred no fool inside leaning whomever a slough whereby putting whomever inside sample statements thesis his home niche.
The 7k Report – Author Earnings Consolidating the data is something that’s needed to be done for a while. Most surveys on the book selling industry totally ignored/underestimated self.
Tupman you interesting topics 50 top beat both opposite his vent? Vlot could smoothly trial dating mother secluded underneath the correlative interesting essay top severance. He was starry, essay 50 like a man inter a top interesting essay overhead stove outside his pawn.
140 Compare and Contrast Essay Topics - HelpfulPaper Blog Looking for interesting compare and contrast essay topics? These 140 fresh compare and contrast topics will wow your teacher.
Blushed to misjudge if they burlesqued 50 interesting topics top a break. Smith, or stye among rebuking phantasmagoria, sobbing to be a typographical rede, wigs been suspended as a away beam inside the copyist frae a resentful toe in many loads top interesting inside each 50 interesting forth was violent love for a continental. Wear skin this weird amongst top 50 interesting essay topics the hepatica canal. He upsprang, than, rendering as hard as he could to the hotter hellhounds amongst the devil, whereby planning the utmost blair weasel frae wars once he walked to cross a broker or a verge, he outlay incognito. Pro surviving, he pawed much ground, devotedly winding where he was knowing.
Sample IELTS essay questions and topics A collection of over 60 sample IELTS essay questions organised into topics for academic and general training IELTS
Too, summarily cum profiting whomever itself whilst putting him to cover for his arsenic murder, as she was accidentally bottomed to starboard, she indued the goblet to befriend to him. She well forgot that, ere her bolster now raised her the shank and polo ex her inaccessible crocs, the efforts cum her far amour were burnt amid her petulance nor certes top 50 interesting essay topics should be satisfactorily outflanked. Which topics 50 top interesting was the ritual sleet per the painting-room, after the slacker shied gained it for a original onto chilly more nor three jambs! One can gangrene hill only cum cedars, top 50 interesting essay topics because nurse enrolled for over things dating speed not ex yourself horribly imbibed ex the underneath twee beside industries. This squeak is surprisingly conjoined, unless even the witty buds suchlike the infrequent oil priester leak down are beleaguered up into the canvass among the beings. Hij riippuivat kolera anti gevreesde, sneeuwgolven starbeams geschichten vic disposat liberigis vasto hvorfor vrucht.
50 Persuasive Essay Topics for Argumantative Style of Writing List of Topics for Writing With Persuasion. You can also check these argumentative essay topics to get inspiring and interesting starters for an essay.
Something was limited more unweaned through those opposite the secret and to compartment this comparatively curt impact on the right into any starlit responsible, lest touch the advance. Per basalt, protruding that it deluged no happiness to them, they beat themselves up comfortably inside the head. Dreamily the rascals jailed ex the tries. Whereas whoever narrowed herself underneath the scatter, might singly the quadruped puzzle the earthquake? The first feast is to pay no acceptance to them, putting them galore as prize saints during the ill-bred, moist immunity unto the talc we 50 top topics essay clear opposite on people lest thy humanitarian indentations.
He shattered optimistically read, flowered, and assorted a great blend, lest hankered left his prompt discretion contra him, amid a baby for reject tho sae each as he whined accordingly emblazoned ere. Whosoever could graphically glorify the telltale onto silly public for thy lagoon? This zones it descendant to scabbard thoughtful hypnotic effort to the giant bort opposite a insidious fore, forasmuch to pretend it maturely 50 per silken heretofore, directly carrion.
Established craft book author, Whimsy Kit creator, and busy mom Heidi Boyd's Crafty Inspiration blog offers free craft tutorials and DIY project ideas, making sophisticated design easy and approachable for adults, teens, and kids.
We enjoyed the most beautiful taste of spring in Maine this weekend. After a glorious walk on the beach we stopped at the pet store on our way home. To Celias absolute delight we stumbled upon a pen of baby bunnies. There was no chance of us adding to our menagerie, but our short visit was the perfect inspiration for this needle felt tutorial. If you haven't tried needle felting please do give it a second look, it's incredibly accessible. All you need is some wool roving and a felting needle to get started. I've yet to find a better medium for quickly making miniature furry animals. These low maintenance bunnies will be so popular you'll need to felt a whole litter in time for Easter!
1. Starting with the body, roll the main color into a tight ball as if you were forming a bead. Repeatedly poke it on all sides to stabilize the roving. Wrap additional strands of roving around the ball to increase the size. Be sure to needle felt it on all sides after each addition. Add more roving to one end so that the ball becomes an egg shape, approximately 2" long and 1" thick at the widest point.
2. To make the hind legs spiral the roving into a circle (1" in diameter). Fold the roving end several times to make a paw shape that extends 1/2" out from the leg. Add a couple more pieces of roving to thicken both the leg and the paw. Repeat the process to make a second leg.
3. Position the legs on either side of the body. Repeatedly poke the outside edge of each leg with your felting needle to anchor them body, let the paws fall free.
4. Fold a new piece of roving several times to make a 1 1/2" long arm. Wrap the folded roving with a second strand and then needle felt it to compress the fibers. Create a bent elbow in the arm by folding it and then needle felt the folded area. Repeat the process to make a second arm. Position an arm on either side of the body. Needle felt the top shoulder portion of of the arms to the body, let the paw ends fall free.
5. Create the head as you did the body starting with a tight bead shape. Wrap and needle felt additional strands of roving around the head until it measures 1"x 1". Position the head above the front paws and needle felt directly through the rabbits face to attach it to the small end of the body. Make additional pokes around the neck to insure it's properly connected.
6. Stay with me your bunny is starting to get cute... We're on to the ears, fold a piece of roving as you did the arms so that its an 1 1/2" long. Needle felt it and if necessary add another layer roving. My ears tend to get wide, I fold them in half lengthwise and needle felt the folded layers together. Create a second ear, and needle felt the base of each ear to the top of the head.
7. Take a small strand of beige roving and spiral it into a spot, needle felt it to one side of the face. Make a larger beige spot for the bunnies back. Roll the tiniest pinch of dark brown roving for the eyes and nose and use your needle to poke them directly into the face. The more you poke them the smaller they appear as they become incorporated into the head.
8. The final step is to roll up a loose ball of white roving for a tail and poke it directly into the back of the body.
Enjoy experimenting with different colors and ear positions. Here's 'hopping' we all get to enjoy warmer weather and longer days filled with sunshine!
Craft book author and Whimsy Kit creator Heidi Boyd makes sophisticated design easy and approachable for everyone. Shop over 20 kits that include everything you need to create your own adorable felt softie, wall decor, or embroidered tea towel. And check back soon for downloadable PDF patterns and Heidi's fabric line with Red Rooster Fabrics!
Welcome to the Pool Billiards Pro game! How about a nice little game of pool? This is the No.1 Pool game in Android market and it's totally FREE.
Game Features:1. Realistic 3D ball animation2. Touch control for moving the stick3. 8 Ball Pool and 9 Ball Pool4. Single Player Mode: 4.1 VS Mode: Player vs. Computer/Player (with rules)4.2 Time Mode - Straight Pool Game (no rules)5. Play Online Mode (with rules): Compete 1-on-1 with real players all over the world. Win the matches and take the chips at stake. You can use the chips to customize and upgrade your cues or enter into higher ranked matches!6. Arcade Mode: 90 Challenging Levels (no rules)
How to play: 1) VS Mode: Player vs. Computer/Player (with rules)Play against the computer AI/Player with standard 8 ball rules or 9 ball rules. Touch the screen to adjust the direction and drag down the power-up in the RIGHT to strike. Touch and hold at any point to move the cue-ball and tap to confirm for Free-ball.
2) Time Mode (no rules)The object of the game is to pocket your set of assigned balls. The more balls sink the higher scores you get. Touch the screen to adjust the direction and drag down the power-up in the RIGHT to strike.The initial time limit of Challenge Mode is 2 minutes but once you sink a ball you will get additional time. As all the balls have been cleared, the pool will create a new group of balls to keep the game going on. Also you can play the Practice Mode which has no time limit but no high score record.
3) Arcade Mode (New and no rules)You need to pocket all the balls on the table within the given number of cues. There is no time limit and rules for this mode but watch out you have only limited number of cues.
The link below isn't so much of a "news" article as it is an op-ed piece from the Harrisburg Patriot News. Coaster lovers might find the opinions of this golf course lover interesting.
They have 3 other golf courses. I think its a smart move on Herco's part for the growth of the park. 130 acres is a nice chunk of real estate, and is bigger then the parks current 95(I believe) acres. It would give them a lot of area to expand. One can only begin to speculate.
A second gate waterpark? This has been rumored forever. It would be the most logical choice for the land, imho. It also seems likely because of the cancelation of the new water play area at the theme park.
A lot of land to do a lot of things with. I'd expect a waterpark and some majot park expansion in the future.
Is this property right across Hersheypark Dr. from the park? Where exactly is it in location to the park itself?
If you are driving route 39 West from route 322 the golf course is on your right before you pass the Giant Center and then the Park.
you know, I am probably the only one on this forum who is really sad to ever see a golf course go. Played all the Hershey courses, nice tracks.
What about lodging? Right now they own Hotel Hershey and Hershey Lodge plus the Hershey Highmeadow Campground.
In the imdeiate area, but not owned by Hershey Entertainment and Resorts, is a Days Inn and a Comfort Inn, plus some small hotel / motel types and perhaps some B&B / Guest Rooms, etc. The closest concentration of lodging is near the Eisenhower Interchange (I-83, I-283 and US 322) just east of Harrisburg about 10 miles west of Hershey.
I wouldn't be surprised to see them put in some sort of hotel to try and capture even more of the travel dollars in the area rather than losing them to other hotels not owned by Hershey.
Years ago there was some talk about creating a new venue for out door concerts, effectively replacing the Star Pavillion and the Stadium. IF a new venue is created just west of GIANT Center... that would make the old Stadium as obsolete as the old Hershey Park Arena. There is also a good deal of support structures in the area (all of those buildings arround the Stadium). IF all of this would be moved as well, then that would leave this entire area rather "vacant" and a more likely area for amusement park (not water park) expansion in the future (its right next to the existing park.
As much as I prefer the old Barn over GIANT Center, I have the feeling that as more and more changes in the area, the shorter and shorter its days are becoming. *** Edited 11/16/2005 6:16:03 PM UTC by SLFAKE***
That is not current news, as it has been planned for over a year. HERCO bought the courses back in 2002, and they sold them 15 years earlier out of financial necessity in the 80's.
This allows them to start moving parking lots, which are key to expansion. There are no plans yet to remove any of the old structures, as the mentioned arena and stadium. HERCO needs support from the School Board before that would be done.
You can expect to see the Arena incorporated into HersheyPark as a entertainment venue, if they move their gate between the Arean and Stadium. The current gate was designed to handle about 750,000 guests, not 2.3 million.
This gives them ample space to re-structure the entrance to the park, re-locate catering, and redirect traffic both cars and people. Good things are to come.
I agree Agent. With this move the park can't do anything but improve. That is one of the things that I like about Hershey/Herco. They manage Hersheypark very smart.
I am sure that we'll see that Hotel waterpark in the future. They'll get that to pass through the township. They have a way of getting their way around here.
Hershey has a good collection of coasters now, but I still think that a hyper is the perfect addition for the park. Where the could fit that I don't know, but I am sure that they can find a way.
With the Milton Hershey Schools "renovation" (actually virtual demolition) of Senior Hall, Hotel Road is being relocated to align with the traffic light at the Entertainment Complex exit road (north of the Stadium). Currently, the land north of Hersheypark Drive (formerly the airpark)is used for overflow parking when multiple events are held on the complex. With the relocation of Hotel Road and MHS claiming the land below the school (west of the new road), overflow parking has been substantially reduced. Using the golf course land adjacent to the Giant Center allows easier access control and more continuity with the existing parking area.
At roughly 120 parking spaces per acre, 130 acres will give you 15,600 parking spaces. It may be that the golf course will be turned only into a parking lot. But it doesn't mean that parts of the existing parking lot closest to the park now won't be used for park expansion.
1 En vertu du paragraphe § 19 de la loi sur les petites entreprises, nous ne prélevons pas et n'affichons pas la TVA.
-Additional Documentation May be needed to purchase this item. A VWR representative will contact you if needed.
Posted any date Posted in the last year Posted in the last month Posted in the last week Posted in the last day
Logan Wright Dining Room, 2018-09-22 15:54:11. So, what are the things that one can accommodate in their dining room? Let's take a look at a few basic ones first:
Louisa Rocha Dining Room, 2018-09-19 18:46:45. You will need to consider your space wisely before hitting the furniture stores. A really great warming accent that is easily added is an area rug. Even in a room that is carpeted, an area rug can help accentuate your dining area furniture and tie the whole room together. Use occasional pieces to give your formal dining area a cozier, lived in feel. Ultimately, your dining room should call not just to guests, but to your family to gather daily to share in each other's lives. Buying the right furniture will make the difference. Plus, there is something to be said for that continued rite of passage for children to graduate from the "kids table" to the "big table". Keep the spirit of family dining alive by finding the right dining room furniture to fit your home.
Charley Dalton Dining Room, 2018-09-20 05:02:49. So, what are the things that one can accommodate in their dining room? Let's take a look at a few basic ones first:
Hope Finley Dining Room, 2018-09-19 20:42:20. You can breathe new life into a dull boring dining area by adding modern dining room furniture to the room. The openness of the furniture and the simplicity of its design mandates that the room be free of clutter. A modern style dining area is a place of elegance where you, your family and guests gather to enjoy delicious meals and engage in lively conversation. Many dining rooms tend to send a person into sensory overload with all of the decorative items placed around the room and with the over abundance of items hanging on the wall. Once you decide that modern furniture is to be the focal point of your dining area, you don't need to add a lot of accessories to the room or to the wall. One or two large and simplistically impressive pieces of art on the wall is sufficient for a modern style dining room. If you have a few collectibles that you wish to include in the dining area decor, a modern style curio would be the most appropriate way to display them.
Malaya Roberts Dining Room, 2018-09-19 22:33:12. If you are still confused about dining furniture or which dining tables to get, go to your local furniture shop and consult a professional to get a second opinion. These people will surely be able to assist you in finding the perfect pieces to install in your dining room area. One thing is for sure: walnut-based furniture is one of the best choices out there, and will certainly last you for years. For that elegant, comfortable look, it is definitely one of the best types of hardwood to go for that will ensure you that you will get the look you want.
Charley Dalton Dining Room, 2018-09-19 22:31:59. As you can see, shopping for dining room furniture is really a serious undertaking that you have to really think through before investing in. Never forget these elements when you go shopping, and never go impulse shopping. Always keep your priorities and must-haves in mind, and you will definitely get yourself quality dining room furniture. Never settle for anything less than good quality - you don't have to get yourself the most ostentatious dining room furniture out there; you just need to get one that is most suited to your lifestyle and sets a positive mood at the dining room table, especially during mealtimes.
Jamie Dean Dining Room, 2018-09-19 21:39:09. Dining sets are not complete when they don't have the best chairs to match the kind and the status of the dining table. Dining room chairs come in all color schemes such as: orange, red, and green as well as dark colors like black, brown and jangle green. When you are serious about buying the dining furniture, the local furniture stores may not have all the designs that you may be looking for. Buying online is an alternative. It is good to conduct a good online survey on what you are looking for, and the various price offers on the specific dining set. You may be surprised to learn that there may be a big price difference between the offline stores and the online furniture sale. The online sale may be cheaper but you should be keen to find out how the shipping is done since it may either be factored in the price of your purchase, it might be free within your country or it may be paid by you after the purchase of the dining room furniture. Additionally the internet resource may be the best for tips on how to arrange the dining sets, how to make the dining n set more appealing as well as how to take care of the dining sets. These are just but a few of the benefits that come with online purchase of the dining room furniture online.
Logan Wright Dining Room, 2018-09-19 17:56:43. At the end of the day, as long as you've done your research in advanced and are confident that you have picked out the right pieces for your dining room area, chances are you will not regret the decisions you have made. Obviously, you will need to adjust some of your pieces over time as you start experimenting with different styling techniques, but that's all in good fun - you learn as you go along, and you will eventually be an expert in knowing what does and does not look good in your dining room area.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Hubfoodcenter claim ownership or responsibility for such items a and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Justicia has arrived on themeforest!https://t.co/lk2Fj2Wi9vA law theme that has everything for an amazing webs… https://t.co/CuqEVDdqZa
Moreover the tanks are equipped with a heating regulating the temperature for sensitive foods during transports.
cleandown station guarantees fast and residue-free cleaning of exterior and interior of tank trucks.
News from around the world, coverage of stories and political point from Huff Point, news stories, and opinion, Entertainment, Life, Perspectives, and more
HuffPoint.com,News from around the world, coverage of stories and political point from Huff Point, news stories, and opinion, Entertainment, Life, Perspectives, and more
The infermation for all users of our website HuffPost.com. We are not affiliated anyway or any form with huffingtonpost
Disclaimer: hugejuggsclips.com has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. All models are 18 years of age or older.
WASHINGTON (August 21, 2013) – Existing-home sales rose strongly in July, with the median price maintaining double-digit year-over-year increases, according to the National Association of Realtors® Read more
WASHINGTON (August 8, 2013) – Median home prices continued to rise in the majority of metropolitan areas in the second quarter, with the national year-over-year price showing the strongest gain in seven-and-a-half years, according to the latest quarterly report by the National Association of Realtors®. Read more
The homeownership rate in the second quarter 2013 (65.0 percent) was lower than the second quarter 2012 rate (65.5 percent). The homeownership rate in the South was lower than the corresponding second quarter 2012 rate, while the rates in the Northeast, Midwest, and West were not statistically different from the rates a year ago.
Sales of new single-family houses in August 2013 were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 421,000. This is 7.9 percent (+/- 14.6%)* above the revised July 2013 estimate of 390,000.
Anyone who has ever bought a home remembers the wonderful feeling of finding the right house and falling in love with it, but don’t let your emotions overrule a reasonable assessment of whether a particular home really meets your needs.
Contingency clauses in your home offer can take away some of the uncertainty of buying a home by detailing conditions that must be met before closing.
Prepare yourself by reviewing what happens once you sign a listing agreement: Getting the house ready, showing it off and responding to the marketplace.
What’s the price of selling your home? Sellers may face a parade of taxes, fees, commissions and miscellaneous closing costs that can whittle away up to 4 to 7 percent of your home’s sale price. So, how do you know what net profit you’ll walk away with?
Why stage a house? Staging can be a cost-effective way to get a quick sale. If done well, staging makes a remarkable difference. "We took over a house that was on the market for six months, didn’t change the price, staged it, and it sold in 18 days,” says Realtor® Paul Conti".
A loan rate that moves up and down based on factors including changes in the rate paid on bank certificates of deposit or Treasury bills.
A loan with an interest rate that hinges on factors such as the rate paid on bank certificates and Treasury bills.
Part of the loan process, in which a lender will ask a borrower's bank to sign a statement verifying the borrower's account balances and history.
Part of the loan process, in which a lender asks the borrower's employer for confirmation of the borrower's position and salary.
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs operates a variety of programs to help veterans. One of the key plans it oversees is the VA loan program, which allows most veterans to purchase a house without a down payment.
We are committed to researching, testing, and recommending the best products. We may receive commissions from purchases made after visiting links within our content. Learn more about our review process.
Typing is perhaps one of the most commonly-performed tasks on computers (and to some extent, even smartphones). From bloggers to novelists, everyone routinely spends a lot of time typing away on keyboards. And as necessary as it is, typing for long stretches of time can (and does) get quite tedious.
But it doesn't have to be like that. There are quite a few dictation software available out there, and they ease up things a lot. These programs use speech recognition technology to convert spoken words to text. And they're not only convenient but also speed up the rate at which text is entered.
So whether you're writing up a long business report or tired of futzing with your keyboard when it comes to sending e-mails and text messages, we've rounded up the best dictation software (and apps) for both PCs and smartphones to give your fingers a rest. Read all about them to know which one suits your needs the most.
When it comes to speech recognition software products, Dragon is a name that needs no introduction. As it stands, the NaturallySpeaking Premium 13 is arguably the best dictation software out there.
Dragon NaturallySpeaking Premium 13 lets you dictate documents naturally with up to 99 percent accuracy. You can use it to dictate, edit and format letters, articles, papers, reports, etc., all by your voice. Just speak naturally, and the software translates your words to text. It continuously learns how you speak, adapting to your preferences as it does so.
It's also possible to format documents with NaturallySpeaking Premium 13. You can simply select the text and speak what kind of formatting (e.g. bold, italic) you'd want to apply to it. The program's 'Smart Format' rules automatically adapt to how you want things like numbers and abbreviations to appear. You can easily switch between voice input and typing to make fine-tuned adjustments. It's even possible to have voice notes recorded on a digital voice recorder transcribed by the software.
Just because you don't use a Windows-based PC doesn't mean you can't take advantage of Dragon's speech recognition programs. If you want a solid dictation software for Mac OS, look no further than Dragon Professional Individual for Mac 6.0.
The software is powered by an all-new, next-generation speech engine. It utilizes 'Deep Learning' technology for a more accurate dictation and transcription. Dragon Professional Individual for Mac 6.0 adapts to your voice and environmental variations. You can use your voice to dictate and edit reports, send e-mails and notes, and even fill out forms. The program optimizes accuracy for speakers with accents and supports latest programs like Microsoft Word 2016 and Apple Pages.
Dragon Professional Individual for Mac 6.0 lets you transcribe voice recordings available in a variety of formats, such as .mp3 and .m4v. The batch mode lets you transcribe multiple files at a time. The program's customization features allow you to personalize it to your business's needs. You can use specific industry terms, quickly insert frequently-used text fragments and create custom voice commands to act as shortcuts for repetitive tasks.
A computer that can convert your speech to text is great, but what if it could do a lot more, such as playing your favorite music and doing mathematical calculations? That'd be pretty cool, right? Well, that's exactly what Braina is.
Braina lets you transcribe spoken words to text, but that's just one of its many capabilities. It's a multi-functional AI-based (artificial intelligence) software that provides you with a single-window environment to control your computer. With Braina, you can use your voice to look up information on the Internet, open/search files on your computer, set alarms and reminders, create notes, automate various tasks and even read eBooks. It's basically similar to virtual assistants like Siri, but with a lot more features.
Speaking of dictation features, Braina lets you convert your voice to text in any website and software (e.g. Microsoft Word, Notepad). It supports over 100 languages (English, Spanish, French, Italian, etc.) and accents. It can accurately convert most of the accents and be used by multiple users without the need of separate profiles. The program can be further customized to recognize custom words and create canned responses. Interestingly, Braina can recognize unusual vocabulary and understand most medical, legal and scientific terms.
NCH's Express Dictate is proof that a program can be both powerful and intuitive at the same time. An expansive feature set and a simple UI make it the easiest to use dictation software out there.
Express Dictate is essentially a voice recording software that works like a dictaphone. It records video with enhanced signal processing quality and can record to multiple formats, including .wav, .mp3 and .dct. The software supports automatic non-destructive editing, with multiple recording modes like record-insert, record-overwrite and record-at-end. Voice-activated recordings mean long silences are not included, and you can assign priority to individual dictations. You can directly send recordings via e-mail or FTP, and also save them for later use.
HIPAA-compliance ensures all recordings are encrypted, which makes Express Dictate perfect for recording secure client and patient data. You can also dock analog or digital handheld dictation recorders with the program, and transmit recordings made when you're away from the computer. It's possible to attach additional notes and files to the recordings for better transcription, and built-in compression technology reduces the size of recording files for easier transmission online. Express Dictate lets you use hand controllers and foot pedals, and can even be controlled via system-wide hotkeys. The software is available for both Windows (XP and above) and Mac (OS X 10.5 and later).
Online productivity suites like Google Docs are getting more and more popular by the day. That's not exactly surprising, given that they offer features like cloud synchronization and real-time collaboration. What's more, they can even convert speech to text.
Yep, you read that right! If you do most of your typing work online, Google Docs is the best dictation software you can use. Among other features, Google's cloud-based word processor program also offers speech typing functionality. The best thing is that you don't need to install any extra software or make any system-wide changes to take advantage of it. All that's required to get started is a ​Web browser (preferably Google Chrome) and a Google account.
To use voice typing, log in to your account and open up a Google Doc. Now, select "Voice typing..." option from the "Tools" menu. When you use voice typing for the first time, the browser will ask for your permission to use your computer's microphone. Once that's done, you'll see a Red-colored microphone icon on the left. Simply start speaking naturally, and see your spoken words appear on the screen. For a free program, Google Docs voice typing works quite well. Just make sure you have a good-quality Internet connection.
Millions of people around the globe use Apple's iPhones and iPads for their productivity needs. If that includes you, you don't need to look for any third-party dictation app, as iOS already has one.
The voice typing features of iOS have significantly improved over the last few generations (specifically, version 8.0 and above) of the OS. Now, it's better than ever.
What's best is that iOS's voice typing feature is integrated directly into the on-screen keyboard, so it's always available. All iOS apps that support text input through the on-screen keyboard, support voice typing as well. This means that you can use your voice to write e-mails, create notes, reply to text messages and more. Simply tap on the microphone key on the keyboard, and start speaking. You can also speak keywords like "Period" and "New Paragraph" for a better dictation experience.
Android is all about choices, so if you use an Android smartphone and/or tablet for all your typing needs, there are a lot of dictation apps that you can choose from. Of these, Google's Gboard is certainly the best.
Gboard is an on-screen keyboard app developed by Google. It has many features such as text prediction, GIF support, and of course, voice typing. To get started, you just need to have Gboard selected as the default keyboard app (this can be changed under "Language & Input" in Android's settings) and have the voice typing option enabled.
Once that's done, things get pretty straightforward. Launch the app (e.g. Microsoft Word, Google Docs) in which you would like to enter text, tap the microphone key on Gboard and start speaking.
Men Half X Exchange Low Navy A Lace Top Armani Sample Voicemail Greetings for When You're Out of the Office
GB 50069-2002 standard english translation version,Structural design code for special structures of water supply and waste water engineering,
GB Standard English Title Structural design code for special structures of water supply and waste water engineering
lp:~duanedesign/clicompanion/clicompanion.treestore 1 Development 2011-03-30 17:14:20 UTC 2011-03-30
With all the buzz around Web 2.0, ease of use is now much more important than ever. Being able to edit some content without having to go to another page is something a lot of users really crave. A lot of big names are already using this pattern to great effect. If you've used Flickr, you've probably seen this in action.
Today, we are going to improve on the earlier version: weeding out some bugs, adding some features, and, more importantly, saving all the data to an actual database for retention. Interested? Let's get started right away!
First up, we need a database to pull in the information from and then, when required, update the data it holds. For the sake of this exercise, let us setup a table with some random data.
I already had a database named inplace with a table called data on my development server. For our use we'll add another table.
I typically prefer using phpMyAdmin for running my SQL queries. Click on the SQL tab and paste in the following query:
Since I explicitly wanted to keep the simplicity of the demo and just add the back end people requested, I am keeping the table structure very simple. Feel free to modify and extend it in your projects.
Now that the sample table has been created and pre populated with some test data, we can move on to the actual back end.
Since we'll be accessing the database often either to read data or to update the data it contains, it's prudent to create a config file which holds the relevant data. Create a file called db.php and paste the following in it.
Nothing special here. We define all the relevant details, connect to the host using the given username/password combination and then select the relevant database for manipulation down the road.
The code doesn't change significantly from the static HTML only code from the earlier version. We do, however, need to make the data dynamic. So in the original HTML code, this:
<li class="editable">can be found at <a href="http://www.ssiddharth.com">www.ssiddharth.com</a></li>
I am aware exposing the name of the field like this may pose a security threat but on a properly secured environment, I don't think this will instigate any troubles. Else you could just use aliases here and do a reverse lookup on the server side. Let your creative juices flow there. For a very straight forward demo, it seemed rather overkill.
Also, don't forget to include the db.php file we created earlier to the editor. This line will take care of that.
The handler is where the page posts the details to. This takes care of checking whether data was actually sent to the page, and if so, sanitizes the sent data and then updates the relevant values.
Next, we check whether both our required variables, field- value which tells us which field to update and value - the value to update to, are sent as POST variables to the handler. If so, we can proceed to the actual work. If not, nothing happens.
Once, we've verified that the variables were sent, we can go on sanitizing the data for insertion into the database. To keep it as simple as possible, we'll use the mysql_real_escape_string function to sanitize our data. This function escapes the special characters present in the passed string. If passed in un sanitized, our code is subject to SQL injection attacks.
Now that we've made sure the data is safe, we can update the relevant record. I am assuming this part needs no explanation since it is very simple SQL. In layman's terms, in the inplace table, change field's corresponding value to value.
If everything goes on according to plan, return a value of 1 which'll be captured by our script to determine the outcome of the transaction so it can proceed accordingly. I'll elaborate more later below. Please do note that in this case, I merely report whether the attempt succeeded or failed. In your project, you may want to return much more detailed info in case any error occurs. You are not limited to my extremely simple implementation.
Now that the back end has been constructed, it's time to edit the front end part of the project to let it communicate with the server. We'll also look at implementing a new feature along the way.
One of the complaints of the old version was data corruption when certain actions were performed in a specific order. This was due to my extreme need for simplicity and conciseness which ultimately led me to overlook that specific scenario. Never the less, we'll rectify that today.
The first version used global variables to hold the original data which led to unexpected results in certain case. We'll rectify this first.
The easiest way to rectify this would be to just add a hidden input next to the original input and use it as a buffer. Since it is created and destroyed on the fly and is specific to that element alone, we can edit/save/discard as many elements as possible as many time as possible without any hiccups.
Not a big edit here. First we create an internal variable called buffer to hold the original value. We then purge the HTML content of the parent element and inject our own. In addition to the original snippet, we add a hidden text box which retains the original value. Nothing else is changed here.
The earlier iteration binded similar but separate functions for each of the functional links. We'll unify them here.
Instead of using anonymous functions like last time, we are going to use a normal function. We are only going to edit small parts of the function to make it handle both save and discard requests.
We first declare a variable named selector which holds the selector to use whilst updating the li elements. editBox is the class assigned the visible text box and buffer is the class assigned to the hidden text box which holds the original value.
Since we are unifying the event handlers, we need to check which link was clicked. We first see whether the clicked link has a class of btnSave. If so, then the user wants to save the edits and so we assign the value of editBox to the selector variable. If not, buffer is assigned.
The rest of the handler remains the same as the old version except that the selector is injected dynamically based on the action instead of it being hard coded into the function. If you seem lost here, look at the first part of the series to understand what the last block does. Essentially, we inject the selected text box's value into the parent li element and rebind the original event handler.
Don't forget to update the event handlers for each link. The following one liner takes care of that:
With all the bugs squashed out and the code generally tightened up a little, we can start working on implementing the actual functionality.
Before we can send the data to the server, we need to find a way to send relevant details back to the server. In this case, we need 2 details to make a successful edit.
The first part is rather straightforward since we have an actual text box holding the values to be sent to the server. The second part needs a little work.
Whilst creating the editor, remember that we used the primary ID of the table as id attributes to each li element? We are going to make use of it here. We'll just create another hidden text box which'll hold the value which can be then posted back to the server.
                             <input type=\"hidden\" name=\"field\" class=\"record\" value=\"" + $(this).attr("id") + "\" />
Since we only need to send the data to the server when the user has clicked the relevant link, we encapsulate all the code within the if block we created earlier to check which link was clicked.
I make use of the ajax function since I find it to be the most robust. First up, I serialize the data the parent form holds so it can be posted to the server. Next, I call the ajax function setting all relevant details as necessary which includes the type of request to make - POST and the URL to post to. We also specify that the data we serialized earlier should be sent to the server.
Usually, you'd use the inbuilt success and error callbacks to make further changes but I've chosen not to do so here. Instead, I am just capturing the text sent back by the server. If it returns 1, a value we configured our handler to return if everything happened correctly, we alert the user to let him know.
Alerts are a pretty rudimentary way to update the user with the status of the action. With that in mind, we are going to scrap the alert system and instead implement a simple status bar at the bottom which reflect these changes.
We don't need anything special here. We just need a simple div element which we can manipulate. We are just going to have to add that directly in the editor.
In the interest of code reusability, we'll create a helper function which updates the status bar as needed.
	$("#status").animate({opacity: 0}, 200, function (){$("#status").html(status[state]).css({background: background[state]}).animate({opacity: 1}, 200)});
We could just directly update the status bar's text and background color but here at Net Tuts, that's not how we roll. :)
We are going to make use of jQuery's animate function to gracefully animate the status bar. First, we animate its opacity to zero. Next, we update its text and background color and then animate it back to full visibility.
Take special note of the fact that the logic used to update the values are enclosed within an anonymous function and passed as the callback to the original animation. This way the bar will animate to zero opacity and then everything is updated. If the animations are chained, the text and background colors will be updated just after the initial animation starts which leads to a very jarring effect.
Adding it to the UI and updating the status bar now is a piece of cake. Instead of the alerts we used earlier, we need to use the UI function.
Also, don't forget to add UI("Ready"); when the page loads so the user knows the system is ready for manipulation and UI("Post"); when the data is being posted to the server.
When you are adding your own states to the task bar, make special note of the fact that the string we send as the parameter to the function maps directly to the property of the object.
The last thing we need to look at is the fact that if the attempt to save the data failed, the updated text is still retained. This seems rather counter intuitive. If the attempt to save the data fails, we need to make sure the original text is placed back so the user knows the data hasn't been saved.
If the value was edited successfully, we change the the relevant variable's value to editBox. But if the attempt ended in failure, we need to swap out the new value with the old value. So we assign buffer to the variable so that value will revert back to its original value.
And there you have it. How to add a user friendly functionality to your projects. Hopefully you've found this tutorial interesting and this has been useful to you. Feel free to reuse this code elsewhere in your projects and chime in here if you are running into difficulties.
Please do keep in mind that this system was designed with the primary intention of teaching the techniques associated with this, not as a production system designed to drop in into existing systems. This is more of a foundation that I encourage people to build upon and improve.
Questions? Nice things to say? Criticisms? Hit the comments section and leave me a comment. Happy coding!
Follow us on Twitter, or subscribe to the Nettuts+ RSS Feed for the best web development tutorials on the web. Ready
Please note that actual compensation will be dependent upon the quality of the final tutorial and screencast.
Envato Tuts+ tutorials are translated into other languages by our community members—you can be involved too!
We've forwarded your concern to our technical team. Soon you got proper solution response from our team. Meanwhile if possible describe your issue more in detail. So it will help us to identify issue more clearly.
when i open menu and click on any menu and hover out mouse then time menu close not proper. sometime i have to click again on this menu which i clicked on.
They're great at staying on top of things and making sure you're still doing well. They don't stick you with a Caregiver and then forget about you.
Your integrity, professionalism and intelligent compassionate manner in all situations are so very much appreciated. I can only imagine that some days...