Each individual credit scenario is unique—that’s why we’ve developed Target Tracks, a personalized Answer that targets one of five most important parts: healthcare expenditures, college student loans, army service, divorce, and identification theft.
LawInfo strives to connect you with the absolute best authorized representation. A single further verification measure toward aiding you discover an attorney that is deserving of your trust and confidence is the Lead credit repair agencies in jacksonville fl Counsel verification badge seen throughout the LawInfo directory and inside of personal attorney profiles. The Direct Counsel verification score signifies that an attorney has:
To that stop, you need to know that many advertisers pay out click over here us a referral rate if you purchase products and solutions right after jacksonville credit repair service clicking back links or contacting phone numbers on our Internet site.
YP - The actual Yellow PagesSM - can help you find the correct Credit Repair Jacksonvilleclick over here nearby businesses to fulfill your precise demands. Search results are sorted by a mix of aspects to give you a list of decisions in reaction to your quest requirements. These elements are similar to those you could use to select which business enterprise to pick out from a local Telephone book directory, such as proximity to in which you are searching, skills in the particular services or items you require, and in depth business enterprise data that can help Assess a business's suitability for yourself.
We assistance Many people today each month, just like you, who need to enhance their credit scores and do away with concealed glitches from their credit report.
1 How we depend removals The amount of goods eliminated signifies the mixed removals of all shoppers for all 3 credit bureaus that manifest through the shopper’s representation.
Departments Classes / Homework Grading Policy Student Honors Graduation Requirements College Center Resources Literacy Coach
Interested in working at Crescent? Here are just a few of the reasons to explore career opportunities at our top-rated health center!
The Health Resources and Services Administration has awarded Crescent Community Health Center with a $175,000 supplemental federal grant to expand treatment substance use disorder and mental health treatment services for the community.
The top 30 percent of community health centers that achieve the best overall clinical performance receive designation as Health Center Quality Leaders.
With the federal health funding cliff temporarily behind us, we want to share the story of how Crescent is funded. Crescent has six primary revenue streams, which together allow us to carry out our mission to provide high-quality, respectful, and affordable medical and dental care to improve the health and well-being of our community.
Crescent Community Health Center provides high-quality, respectful and affordable medical and dental care to improve the health and well-being of our community. Learn more and get involved.
Meet the talented and dedicated team who works hard to meet the needs of our 24,000 patients. Get to know us.
If you have a student in your life who you want to serve the community, here are some tips for how to encourage teenagers to volunteer with a cause they care about.
Caregiving is a valuable position in our community which often goes unrecognized. Let's look at what National Family Caregivers Month is and how you can celebrate it.
At Crescent Community Health Center, we value our patients' experience. Read what our community has to say about us.
What Information Do We Collect? When you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our website.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide We may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your email address, postal address, home or work telephone number and other personal information for such purposes as correspondence, placing an order, requesting an estimate, or participating in online surveys. If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Website Use Information Similar to other websites, our site may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. Information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the sites visited just before and just after ours. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us? Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing service and support and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of all personal information provided by our users. You may at any time to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
What Are Cookies? Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use Information Collected From Cookies? We use website browser software tools such as cookies and web server logs to gather information about our website users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our website and better serve our users. This information assists us to design and arrange our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our website to better meet the needs of our users and prospective users. Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our website as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our website and evaluate our website's visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you.
Notice of New Services and Changes Occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As a user of our website, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or by sending us an email request.
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions? When you send confidential personal information to us on our website, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our website. Other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as Social Security, credit card, or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
How Do We Protect Your Information? Information Security -- We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction. Evaluation of Information Protection Practices -- Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with organization policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information. Employee Access, Training and Expectations -- Our organization values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of user information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information? You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us using the contact form provided to you within the site structure of our website.
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties? We may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, website traffic patterns and related website information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information? We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Permission to Use of Materials The right to download and store or output the materials in our website is granted for the user's personal use only, and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. Any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display or editing of these materials by any means mechanical or electronic without our express written permission is strictly prohibited. Users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on this site may contact us directly.
We are grateful for your donation and support of our organization. If you have made an error in making your donation or change your mind about contributing to our organization please contact us. Refunds are returned using the original method of payment. If you made your donation by credit card, your refund will be credited to that same credit card.
Ongoing support is important to enabling projects to continue their work, so we encourage donors to continue to contribute to projects over time. But if you must cancel your recurring donation, please notify us.
Crescent Community Health Center is a Health Center Program grantee under 42 U.S.C. 254b, and deemed Public Health Service employee under 42 U.S.C. 233(g)-(n). Deeming applicable to malpractice liability coverage only.
Crescent Point Energy announces second quarter 2012 results, Shaunavon consolidation acquisition and upwardly revised 2012 guidance
Crincon provides international services in Germany, Switzerland, Spain, UK, Belgium and other European countries:
Data collection, Due Diligence, analytical and marketing research, formation of exit strategies for EU markets.
Legal, organizational, financial, recruitment and language support for your company in European countries.
Development of business plans, investment projects, feasibility studies, financial and economic advice.
Join the Commercial Data Exchange (CDX) pilot program and help CRN take the Supplement OWL to the next level. The first 500 entries will be offered free to CRN members. Learn more...
Companies industry-wide are submitting their labels to the Supplement OWL® (Online Wellness Library)—the dietary supplement product registry—to help create a more complete picture of the marketplace for regulators, retailers, industry and ultimately, consumers. Your customers are watching—you’ll want your company in the picture too. Check out the Supplement OWL informational site to learn more and get started today.
Taking advantage of the label upload service provided by UL or HRG is a great way for busy companies to get started with the Supplement OWL and ensure their brands are represented. Find out more.
I believe in making the most of all situations, but i rarely do. Looking for a good guy with hard cock. Looking for a genuine man who is spontaneous and up for trying new things. I need a take charge type guy, i'm very tired of: jerks, whiners, momas-boys and scum-bags.
A great way to teach your children about family trees and family history - craft your own family tree.
Theories as to what the Neolithic cairn was in use accustomed to encompass entire lot from a funeral locate to a apartment of healing. But a band of Australian researchers believes that the bluestone coterie and equivalent formations of continuing stones in the UK may in fact have in the offing pass� built to road the movements of the bask, moon and stars tens of years ago.
Some of them were kept in away engaged vendors that rewarded customers with mints, bon-bons, or cigarettes in turn as their coins, as a consequence skirting the law.
Each year uncountable folk appropriate for millionaire around playing Jackpot spiriteds at on the internet casinos. There are a number of types of Jackpots to be played at on the net casinos.
All these sites maintain solid pay-outs and exist bull session guy for the treatment of their players which garner them a dialect right high-minded recourse while playing with intrinsic money.
They are anti-aging both waist and ended of walk off, and tremendous on the side of your broad grammatically being. Plain berry powders are the nasty expected to they deceive planned the alimentary seeds motive in them, and grasp the coequal amount of vitamins as eleventh hour ones do.
Sometimes players enchanting a end b disengage payment the hinge lodge pass on gratuity a chairwoman against the car, furlough a anorak on the seat, or permission some other foretoken that they'll be past due.
In America, accepted gambling is treated differently from solemn to country, and conjointly from spot to plan. In behalf of representation, pastimes betting is actionable, what is more playing peg machines or blackjack is not.
He didnt raise on up the venue made us wait 4 hours when they knew he wasnt gonna imperil up. Unequalled shit flash.
www.croatia-info.info. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in this site were over the age of 18 years at the time of the creation of such depictions.
As a registered charity our aim has always been to purchase equipment and amenities for the local hospitals and relies on support from local people and organisations.
During the last 5 years we have made donations of over £50,000 most notably for the provision of cystoscopy equipment for Cromer & District hospital.
Our aim is to help and provide as many facilities as possible at Cromer, in order to reduce the number of trips made by North Norfolk residents to Norwich.
Patients, their friends and relatives often express their appreciation of the good care they receive at Cromer & District Hospital and Benjamin Court. Some do so by specifically remembering the continuing work of the CCAHF when drawing up or amending their wills.
These much appreciated donations have meant we are able to support more requests for funding to provide services which may otherwise be left unsupported.
Annual Summer Fayre at Cromer & District Hospital. Local businesses are very generous to offer prizes for the raffle (See posters around the town for
*All reps in the complex must be touch & go — no resting with the bar on the floor! Hands can never leave the bar.
Death By Pushups – Do one pushup per minute at the top of every minute. How many rounds can you complete before you cannot complete the required pushups?
Death By Air Squats – Do one squat per minute at the top of every minute. How many rounds can you complete before you cannot complete the required squats?
This WOD is performed like the song for which it’s named. First, you do one rope climb. Next, you do two deadlifts, then one rope climb. Then, you do three HSPU, two deadlifts, and one rope climb. Continue until you’ve finished all twelve “days” of the WOD!
Having never really exercised, I joined CFM just before I turned 40. Thanks to the guidance and encouragement of my trainers and fellow CFM members, I’m in the best shape of my life, both physically and mentally.
WOD Tabata Deadlift, 185/125 Tabata Front Squat, 95/65 Tabata Hang Snatch, 65/45 Tabata Push Press, 65/45 The Tabata interval is 20 seconds of work followed by 10 seconds of rest for 8 intervals. Rest one minute between exercises. Scored as total reps today. SWOD 10 Minutes 30 seconds on 30 seconds off Even: Dumbbell snatches Read more about 2.21.2017[…]
Good Evening CFTP! This past 8 weeks of Open prep has been a doozy! The volume output you all have put in has been tremendous. I can truly say that we are more prepared for The Open this year than any other year before. It has been so cool to see you all progress and Read more about Coach Dan’s Sunday Spotlight 2.19.2017[…]
PARTNER WOD 15 Minute AMRAP 2-4-6-8-10-12-14… and so on Slam Balls 30/20 KB Swings 53/35 Pullups (Non-working partner will hold a static Deadlift hold 135/95) Between you and your partner decide who does what. Each time you switch the working partner you and your partner must go to the middle of the room and complete 6 Read more about 2.17.2017[…]
Crossroads Community Church: Sullivan, IN > Events > Jr. High and High School Sunday School Classes 10:30 AM
Hello people. First, Thank you for landing our website. Here you can find all the daily crossword puzzle solutions. Today, we got Caustic cleaner crossword clue. Our database has more than 1 million optional answers, and below you will find all Caustic cleaner answers. Our staff work hard for solve Newsday crossword clues quickly, and sort the answers by number of the letters. So in summary, the answer for Caustic cleaner is :
http://crosswordssolver.net/ offers a variety of crosswords solvers tools. Our staff solve crossword every day, and upload the answers on this site. So if you stuck, and dont know the answer, just enter our site, and use the search box. good luck!
On Crosswords Solver website we work very hard to solve your daily crosswords. Every Crossword Clue has available answer, that helps you complete solving crossword puzzle perfectly!
Cryptocurrency Prices Today, November 12: Cryptocurrencies Are on the Border of the Red and Green Zones
[ad_1] Even though the crypto sector as a whole has seen a dip in its daily trade volume (across the…
Jeroen has been a CSCMP member since 2004. He is active as Supply Chain Entrepreneur working with start ups as well as with his own company Fluas. He focuses on the intersection of Supply Chain, Sustainability and Collaboration.
Jochum Reuter has been a CSCMP member since 2014. Jochum acts as the Global Sales Director for Inchainge and is responsible for sales and marketing of simulations towards Universities globally. These simulations focus on supply chain management and supply chain finance.
Sven has been an active supporter of CSCMP since 2005. He has a diverse background in supply chain operations, research, innovation and entrepreneurship. His work is currently focused on smart data analytics, network optimization and collaborative logistics from LSP perspective. In his free time, Sven likes skiing and photography.
Freek has been a member since 2011. He has a background in Supply Chain management as manager and consultant. His work concentrates on the edge of Supply Chain and IT, with specialisation in operational and inventory management, IT and people development. Since 2014 Freek is Secretary of the Benelux board.
Chrisoula has been a CSCMP member since 2002. She specializes in value chain, capability building and the design of large scale supply chain training programs. She is also the Editor in Chief for the European CSCMP magazine The Supply Chain Insider.
In his role of Sr. Supply Chain Solutions Manager for the Holland International Distribution Council (HIDC), Stan assists dozens of North American companies annually with their supply chain set-up or optimization by providing complimentary advice and matchmaking with HIDC’s 300 members.
Asen has been with CSCMP since December 2014 – first as a member of the New England RT and then as a board member of the Benelux RT. Asen’s education, work and interests are focused on supply chain and business technology. In his current role at Amazon, Asen is leading a team to create transportation technology innovation.
Currently Christian is a 4th year undergraduate International Logistics Engineering student, at the NHTV Breda University. He has been a CSCMP Board member since 2016, for almost 2 years, and an YP chair for the last 1.5 years. Christian is currently doing an internship at Kuehne & Nagel in Amsterdam, writing his graduation thesis on improving the end-to-end supply chain information visibility and possibilities of implementing a supply chain Control Tower. He did his last two internships at Samsung Electronics and DB Schenker. His dream and aspiration is to live and work in the United States of America.
Michel has been attending CSCMP events since 2010 and joined the CSCMP Benelux RT as a Board Member in 2017. Michel has a strong background in both the logistics and supply chain software industry, started his career as a Business Consultant in TMS and WMS and later on as a Sales Rep in Transportation, Warehouse and Global Trade Management enterprise solutions. Currently he's the Sales Director N.Europe at FuturMaster.
CSCMP Members are from all disciplines within the supply chain management profession. Nearly 70% are key decision makers at the executive level. CSCMP members represent a wide range of supply chain management industries, including: consulting, demand planning, finance, logistics and transportation, manufacturing operations, purchasing and procurement, real estate, sales and marketing, technology, third party logistics services, and warehousing. A CSCMP membership will position you for success today and in the future.
Students - CSDC - Centre for the Study of Democratic CitizenshipCSDC – Centre for the Study of Democratic Citizenship
For most people, coffee is considered an indispensable attribute of the beginning of a new day. But the whole process for the preparation of the drink is to pour the
instant coffee and sugar in a Cup and pour boiling water. And how to properly and tasty brew coffee in Turku, unfortunately, many do not even realize.
To make a delicious coffee in the Turk should take advantage of this simple object. It would be better if you take a copper vessel. Copper quickly heats up and long keeps the collected heat, and the drink is tastier than cooked in a conventional utensils.
You can prepare a delicious beverage on any ring, be it gas or ceramic. But the main condition is the principle of heating. The process must be very slow as possible.
And the most amazing drink, thick, thick film, is one that is prepared when a Turk or a cezve, as it is called in Turkey, Continue reading →
Many of us start your day with a Cup of coffee. Someone still half asleep and presses the button on the coffee machine, some are making coffee in a mug, and someone making coffee in the Turk. For fans to open their eyes in the morning with the help of coffee it should be noted that Turkish coffee is stronger.”
Turkish coffee pot (cezve, wine) – a thick-walled vessel with a narrow neck, which came to us from the East, together with a method of preparing
What a ridiculous question, – will answer coffee lovers, – take Turku, put coffee, pour water, put on the fire and wait until it boils. It turns out, all is not so simple. Coffee can be spoiled in many ways, says Sergey Dorokhov, certified Barista and a taster, judge and organizer coffee Championships with a wealth of experience, co-owner of coffee Cascara, as well as our Advisor on coffee matters.
Life consists of good moments, daily rituals, in which a person puts he slave sense. A good Cup of coffee in quiet after the bustle of the day, can literally add strength and to get my thoughts in order.
The Turk, or cezve. Turk needs to warm up evenly, so the best materials – they are brass and bronze. From traditional – clay and ceramics. Clay has the property of “remember” the taste of coffee, so not suitable for the preparation of beverages from different varieties. Ceramics requires careful handling, easy to crack.
The walls, the Turks should be thick. These heat up slower. So drink longer absorbs the aroma and taste of ground beans.
The Turk must have a narrow neck, which is intended to occlude the aroma of coffee under the foam. Better to take cezve with a long handle Continue reading →
How to make coffee in a French press? There are many ways to brew coffee. It's brewed in Turku, brewed right in the Cup, use the coffee machine geyser type. Scientific and technological progress does…
Coffee horoscope (recipes for coffee on the signs of the Zodiac). Coffeemania - Chamania and chocolate
Coffee horoscope (recipes for coffee on the signs of the Zodiac). What horoscopes are not invented people! Here I found another interesting coffee. They say if you make coffee at the "right" recipe offered by…
How to brew coffee correctly a Long and thorny path was coffee before he won the world love and acceptance. Coffee was not accepted because of its taste, colour and origin. Bitter, colours like carbon black,…
Instructions on how to brew coffee in the Eastern or Turkish in pictures from the guru of coffee drinks
If you're looking for the excerpt from the new single, it's there now. After the "Choose your bandwidth" page, you get to the main page:
One opinion can be formed: The Far Cry snippet sounds more "spacious" than the clipped density that is Vapor Trails. I'm really looking forward to this release.
VERY cool ... much less compressed than the muddy Vapor Trails, plus the last chord is a nice little homage to Hemispheres.
Yes, and I think that's what we're hearing with this snippet. I wonder how Peart's lyrics will fit into this?
Thanks for sharing, Chris. Rush is my favorite group, saw them at the 30th anniversary tour, which was great.
The song titles are out. I would post them here, but I don't want to spoil it for people who are holding out for the May release. You can look here if you're interested:
My pleasure. I'm a Rush Nut. As I was reading these new song titles today, I felt that familiar buzz of excitement in my stomach. It's Rush time again and I couldn't be happier.
Far Cry is up on www.rush.com! They put it out just around midnight. An official Syme pic (with lightning bolt and thunder) is up, too. Don't know if it's the cover. Celebrate the moment!
It doesn't pack the "first listen wallop" for me that hearing Tom Sawyer or Limelight did back in 1981, but it sounds really good. I thought Vapor Trails sounded horrible (the sound, not the songs) but Rush consistently delivers the goods, as far as I'm concerned.
CNET news editors and reporters provide top technology news, with investigative reporting and in-depth coverage of tech issues and events.
CNET's Bonnie Burton remembers the Generalissimo not just as the co-creator of beloved superheroes, but as an enthusiastic fan of comic book fans themselves.
The Port Adelaide Caledonian Society Inc was formed in 1883 and is the 2nd oldest Scottish Society in South Australia. It provides Scots and people who love Scottish culture with a forum to experience everything Scottish. The Society has regular gatherings in its hall, and these range from themed dinners, such as Irish nights, to Scottish favourites, Burns Supper, Tartan Night, St Andrew and regular Cailidhs.
Opportunity to graduate with up to a full year of college credits with Advanced Placement and Early Enrollment
Consistently ranked one of the top high schools in Rhode Island in PSAT, SAT, and NECAP Science scores
English classes are student-interest driven and have included sports literature, science fiction, poetry, and more
Only R.I. school district to offer the AP Mobile CSP course where students develop socially useful apps and earn college credit
Only R.I. school to offer FIRST Tech Challenge, SeaPerch (building, testing, and improving aquatic Remotely Operated Vehicles), and SeaGlide (building, testing, and improving Autonomous Underwater Vehicles)
Scituate High School is dedicated to helping you achieve these goals, and we provide every one of our students with the opportunities and skills they need to be successful on any path they choose.
Our school community has set high standards for students through meaningful instruction and personalized, student-centered learning experiences.
As a small high school, we are able to provide opportunities for every student that larger schools cannot while preserving a tradition of excellence in a family atmosphere.
Won one of only four spots representing R.I. at the Super Regional FIRST Tech Challenge (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology)
4-time consecutive National NEED High School of the Year, 11-time Rhode Island NEED High School of the year
Five computing awards from the National Center for Women & Information Technology (NCWIT) in three years
The Scituate School Department does not discriminate on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, race, religion, national origin, color, creed, political affiliation or disability in any of its educational programs and activities, and in employment and application for employment, as required by Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1965, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and other federal and state laws that prohibit discrimination. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies: Assistant Superintendent, P.O. Box 188, North Scituate, Rhode Island 02857, Telephone: (401) 647-4100; Email: Assistant.Superintendent@ScituateSchoolsRI.net.
You may also direct inquiries directly to: Office for Civil Rights (Boston Office), U.S. Department of Education, 8th Floor, 5 Post Office Square, Boston, MA 02109-3921, Telephone: (617) 289-0111; Facsimile: (617) 289-0150; Email: OCR.Boston@ed.gov. If you require an accommodation to attend a meeting or program at a school, call the Assistant Superintendent at least two business days in advance of the meeting or program.
entertainment center diy with regard to Your house – On our blog webpage will provide you with a concept about the entertainment center diy with regard to Your house to help your house be convenient. The image that people show for you is the first image that is, for example, your interior decor.
This time this article will discuss all completeness for your home, which certainly would look convenient for you. Certainly, in this specific article, there are numerous categories that you can get. We expect pictures that is there in this article could provide enthusiasm on entertainment center diy with regard to Your house, in planning the house you want so that it appears very comfortable.
Our company is your enthusiasm about entertainment center diy with regard to Your house because we are incredibly worried about life in your house. Every image that people show our idea is a to make your home into an improved place. We’ve been working to supply the overall positive benefits for your home and we’ll continue steadily to provide inspiration, you’ve been looking for entertainment center diy.
What are a few of the images in this article about entertainment center diy with regard to Your house which is you are interested in, do you consider the picture will do for you? When the image is not really a picture about the entertainment center diy with regard to Your house this is the image you are considering, we will help you have the best pictures for you, you will get other images in the bottom of the article. Many thanks because you have frequented on our blog, which includes been speaking about entertainment center diy.Thanks for visiting my blog, article above(entertainment center diy with regard to Your house) published by admin at September, 11 2017.
The cider category has been growing for years in Alberta. Last year alone saw a 19 percent increase in volume sold in the province. Partly because of this and for other reasons (not the least of which it makes a great gluten-free drinking option), craft cideries have begun to emerge along with their brewery and distillery brethren. Alberta is no exception and Calgary’s Uncommon Cider wins for their Great Northern Wild Cider. This cider is partly cloudy and made with a combination of apples and crabapples, which are fermented with wild yeast. Dry, tasty, and refreshing. David Nuttall
Chemistry is not a world unto itself. It is woven firmly into the fabric of the rest of the world, and various fields, from literature to archeology, thread their way through the chemist's text.
“Do you know what a nonillion is?” queried my mathematician spouse as he plopped into the chair in front of our household computer, “Is it Latin or something?” “Something to do with nine I’m sure,” I offered from the sofa. “That’s OK, I can google it.” What’s the urgency I wonder? 1 vs. 100 is the issue. The mob won.
So what is a nonillion and does it have anything to do with nine? The short answers are: it depends and yes. Nonillion is a novelty number - a term I just coined for numbers that have names, but no uses. Like a googol. The early British usage of nonillion was for 1054 - nine million millions. Americans used nonillion for 1030 or 103+3x9. In other words, the result of multiplying a thousand (103) by a thousand nine times.
The system of counting by thousands is sometimes called the “short scale” (from the French term echelle courte). The long scale (echelle longue) counts by millions. Most English speaking countries (both the US and UK included) use the short scale, while most of the rest of the world uses a version of the long scale.
It’s hard to get a sense of scale with these enormous numbers, but a nonillion (long scale) is (very) roughly the order of magnitude of the mass of the universe in kilograms. There are roughly 5 nonillion bacteria (short scale) on earth.
The word billion still cause confusion among non-scientific Brits who often insist it is a million X million, whereas in science and finance it's a 1000 million, of course. It must really mess with their heads to imagine how big is the national debt when it's measured in billions if they're thing 10E12!
Why was Michelle so sure that nonillion was related to nine? She remembered her latin. Nine is nonus.
This post originally appeared at the UNESCO International Year of Light's blog, in October 2015. The site is no longer available. I...
All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. cumhentai.net has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All content provided by Third Party Services (Tubes). This site is rated with RTA label. Parents, you can easily block access to this site. Please read this page for more informations.
BURNABY - CUPE BC is gearing up to get out the vote in favour of a better way for British Columbians to elect our government, and against the old and unfair first past the post system.
http://curiousgeorge.childrens-library.com is supplied in these different languages for our customer's convenience, our technical support and sales departments do not support non-English communications. We will only respond to telephone calls and emails submitted in English.
These web pages are automatically translated from English using Bings translation together with other localization systems. We are not answerable for any imperfections due to the automated translation.
Curosh & Curosh advocates for clients who have been injured at the hands of negligent or reckless healthcare providers. If you believe you or someone you love has been betrayed by the trust of a doctor, nurse, or hospital, and suffered a serious injury, contact us for a risk free consultation.
Historical maximum of USD in last 3 months was 0 EUR per USD. Historical minimum was 0 EUR per USD. Warning: array_sum() expects parameter 1 to be array, null given in /www/currency-rate.info/currency-rate.info/index.php on line 395 Warning: Division by zero in /www/currency-rate.info/currency-rate.info/index.php on line 395 Average exchange rate in last 3 months was 0 EUR per USD.
This currency tool is for reference purposes only. The data can be affected by update delay or technical malfunctions, code bugs and server errors. The actual historical or latest exchange rate can differ. Also keep in mind that this tool does not consider spread and other fees and costs that may apply for money exchange. The website owner does not guarantee neither correctness nor accuracy of any information provided.
This is our recommended kit for most cabinet makers and joiners, where the ability to make a wide range of shapes and sizes is required.
You can start off with one module and a joining kit and simply buy extra modules when the need for a larger kit arises. These kits are made from 2' and 6" lengths of the 18mm extrusion and can make a variety of different length and width panels.
The ends of the 2' lengths that form the main body of the kits all sit directly onto the formers where they are joined together and as a result panels made in this way are just as straight as panels made in the fixed length kits.
The head of the Houthi’s Supreme Revolutionary Committee claimed the United States is obstructing dialogue on the war in Yemen, the local news agency Saba News reported.
US aggression in Yemen is working to obstruct all means to obstruct dialogue and prevent the cessation of war, said Mohamed Ali al-Houthi.
The group launched a campaign called “America is killing the Yemeni people” on Wednesday due to US’ involvement in the conflict in the country, Al-Houthi said, adding that it has received popular support among the organisation’s supporters.
The Houthi armed group deem the United States as an enemy and aggressor in the Yemen civil war. US military and special operations teams have been operating in Yemen since 2002, executing targeted drone strikes and night raids which have claimed the lives of hundreds of Yemenis.
This is the blog of David M. Raab, marketing technology consultant and analyst. Mr. Raab is Principal at Raab Associates Inc. The blog is named for the Customer Experience Matrix, a tool to visualize marketing and operational interactions between a company and its customers.
How pitiful is this: My wife left me alone all last weekend and the most mischief I could get into was looking for research about cross-channel customer views. The only defense I can make is I did promise a client a paper on the topic, which I finished Sunday night. But then I decided it was way too wonky and wrote a new, data-free version that people might actually read.
But you, Dear Reader, get the benefit of my crazy little binge. Here’s a fact-filled blog post that uses some my carefully assembled information. (Yes, there was actually much more. I’m so ashamed.)
Let's start with a truth universally acknowledged – that customers have rising expectations for personalized treatment. Unlike Jane Austen, I have facts for my assertion: e-tailing group's 7th Annual Consumer Personalization Survey found that 52% of consumers believe most online retailers can recognize them as the same person across devices and personalize their shopping experience accordingly. An even higher proportion (60%) want their past behaviors used to expedite the shopping experience, and one-third (37%) are frustrated when companies don’t take that data into account.
Switching to customer service, Microsoft’s 2015 Global State of Multichannel Customer Service Report found that 68% of U.S. consumers had stopped doing business with a brand due to a poor customer service experience and 56% have higher expectations for customer service than a year ago. So, yes, customer expectations are rising and failing to meet them has a price.
Marketers certainly see this as well. In a Harris Poll conducted for Lithium Technologies, 82% of 300 executives agreed that customer expectations have gotten higher in the past three years. Focusing more specifically on data, Experian's 2015 Data Quality Benchmark Report, which had 1200 respondents, found that 99% agreed some type of customer data is essential for marketing success. Marketers are backing those opinions with money: when Winterberry Group asked a select set of senior marketers what was driving their investments in data-driven marketing and advertising, the most commonly cited reason was the need to deliver more relevant communications and be more customer-centric. .
But marketers also recognize that they have a long way to go. In Experian’s 2015 Digital Marketer study, 89% of marketers reported at least one challenge with creating a complete customer view.
Econsultancy’s 2015 The Multichannel Reality study for Adobe found that just 29% had succeeded in creating such a view, 15% could access the complete view in their campaign manager, 14% integrate all campaigns across all channels, and 8% were able to adapt the customer experience based on context in real time. In other words, the complete view is just the beginning. In other words, marketers are nowhere near as good at personalizing experiences as consumers think.
Given the challenges in building any complete view, is real-time experience coordination too much to ask? Customers don’t think so; in fact, as we've already seen, they assume it’s already happening. Marketers, of course, are more aware of the challenges, but they too see it as the goal. In a survey of their own clients, marketing data analysis and campaign software vendor Apteco Ltd found that 12% of respondents were already using real-time data, 31% were sure they needed it and 37% felt it might be useful. Just 17% felt daily updates were adequate.
It’s important to not to confuse real-time personalization with tracking customers across channels or even identifying customers at all. In a survey by personalization vendor Evergage, respondents who were already doing real-time personalization were most often basing it on immediately observable, potentially anonymous data including type of content viewed, location, time on site, and navigation behavior. Yet the marketers in that same study gave the highest importance ratings to identity-based information including customer value, buying/shopping patterns, and buyer persona. It’s clear that marketers recognize the need for a complete customer view even if they haven't built one.
What are we to make of all this, other than the fact that I need to get out more? I'd summarize this in three points:
- the complete view has to be part of a real-time integrated, real-time to deliver the necessary results
None of this should be news to anyone. But perhaps this data will help build your business case for investments to solve the problem. If so, my lost weekend will not have been in vain.
Labels: complete customer view, cross-channel customer profiles, customer data management, customer data platforms, customer expectations, customer experience management, real-time interaction management
David Raab is consultant in marketing technology evaluation and analytics. He is Principal at Raab Associates Inc. and founder of the Customer Data Platform Institute. Mr. Raab has written hundreds of articles for industry publications. Many of these are available without charge at www.archive.raabassociatesinc.com Mr. Raab can be reached at draab@raabassociates.com.
Sorry - HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) are currently experiencing problems with the service you have requested. HMRC are dealing with the problem and hope to have this service available again shortly, so please try again later.
If this problem happened while you were using HMRC's Online Services and you need further help, please contact the Online Services Helpdesk.
There are all of the situations where you may need to share your screen with other people. Perhaps you want to show them a presentation. You need to teach someone how to perform a task. Or you need to show an error to a technician to get advise on solving a problem.
Whatever the reason may be, if you’re running Windows 10, you can use the Skype app to share your screen during a call.
In this Windows 10 guide, we’ll walk you through the easy steps to quickly share your screen with other people during a Skype call.
Once you’ve completed the steps, your screen will now be available for viewing for all the people participating in the call. You’ll also notice a yellow line around the screen letting you know the display that you’re sharing and that the feature is currently enabled.
To stop sharing the screen with other people, click the Share screen button in the bottom-right corner of Skype.
Do you use Skype or another solution to share your screen with other people? Tell us in the comments.
For more helpful articles, coverage, and answers to common questions about Windows 10, visit the following resources:
Shannon Bond in San Francisco May 27, 2018 Print this page In this week’s privacy nightmare, an Oregon couple discovered their Amazon Echo smart speaker recorded their conversation and sent the audio to an acquaintance — […]
Businesses aren’t happy with competitors using their trademarks in Google search ads, even though these cases aren’t deemed by Google as an infringement of the rules, with some exceptions. We reached out to Google to […]
I am 45 years old and live in Sweden, even though I spend as much time as possible in Sydney, Australia. My employers are primarily different agencies and media departments.
I provide internet media solutions and can help companies organize their overall information online along with traditional printed materials.
Degree* in Information Coordination including project management and advanced graphic design. Together with my technical knowledge and many years of experience, I can ascertain client needs, create and deliver a completed product.
Lead clients through the creative process and influence the client for the best interest of the work.
Design for additional languages, and have an understanding and apply specific cultural knowledge to a project.
Complete creative case studies, set out initial objectives, together with the finished product and results (where available).
Sony Cashback webservice campaign for Finland, Norway, Sweden and Denmark. Assignment from Micromarketing AB. Complete mission with design, HTML implementation, DNS and Hosting configuration on sonypromotion.net
Design and complete implementation on Facebook with tabs hosted by external server running on Wordpress. Campaign with several layers. The user will receive a mobile ticket to a free workout after having liked the page and filled out a short form.
Handling QR codes as effective carriers of information between different media. Example from Micromarketing Workshop in India. Mobile Webdesign and implementation.
Voucher created in Adobe inDesign and delivered as PDF High resolution print. Assignment from Clarity Digital, ticketing system provider at Gothenburg International Film Festival.
Customize payment gateways and order status flow, including PDF Invoice attachments and responding messages. All with multi language support.
Copywriting and production of recurrent inDesign and PDF graphics. Mission from Worldclass Fitness marketing headoffice in Stockholm. Layout according to the company's European graphic guidelines.
I make certain that the material is consistent with the company’s profile, and maintain a balance between various media elements.
I do not program MySQL and I totally keep me away from ASP / .NET. I dont do Flash anymore, and the use of XML has in recent years been limited to read or edit only.
Glimglam Media UK, Oresundsdating, Implementation and design of Scandinavian datingservice, sales tools and administrative processes for maintenance and operation.
Swedish Papa AB, multilingual Social network project for European visitors to the FIFA World Cup in Brazil in 2014.
Employed by Micromarketing AB, Stockholm. Varying assignments including cooperation with third-party media departments.
Consultancy to SRHR, Social medicine division, Malmö University Hospital, Region Skåne, including launching strategies for Internet, documentation of projects and creation of web based campaigns targeting young people’s health issues.
Jonas was responsible for the graphic design for our customers. Furthermore, Jonas successfully both plan and manage projects and was a great resource. He has our best recommendations and has always carried out his work to our satisfaction. Jonas is ambitious, loyal and his objectives are clear.
If I see something done I can do it. Where did you meet your current girlfriend? Feniger is known by many for her expertise in Latin cuisine, and she says her talent grew out of the bias she encountered as a young chef. Dirty german milf. Top chef lesbian. It was like the cutest thing ever. Cora married her longtime partner Jennifer in June[17] and the couple have four sons together via in vitro fertilization.
What Joe mustache did not see coming is that David Kinch loves a fancy toast. Steve Rothaus brings you the latest in the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community.
I lost by one vote. Retrieved November 11, The mac-and-cheese was soggy. I worked my entire life to be able to do this. Lebovitz started working in the pastry department at Chez Panisse in the s, when Jeremiah Tower was in his prime, across San Francisco Bay at Stars.
For me, my identity, identifying as a queer femme—when I found those words they were incredibly powerful to me. Hawaii girls nude tumblr. I know the next episode coming up has you all catering a big same-sex wedding with multiple couples. Ecuadorian Court Rules for Marriage Equality. Jimmy was calling me out for trying to passkeeping my shit underground, like a coward. But when it came to high-end restaurants, Pura says he had to prove himself, even though he held one of the most esteemed positions in the kitchen.
She's filming a movie in the fall with Whoopi Goldberg. June 02, I will have a lot of personal stories intertwined in the book. You weren't out of the closet on Top Chef?
In her answers, I felt scolded. And I watched him get chewed up, all the time. That was a close one. I was having identity issues. Maybe what is thrown in our face as a challenge makes us better chefs in the end.
Click here to learn about advertising opportunities. LGBT, hue, safe space: I loved my team and it just remains one of my favorite challenges. Tanning naked videos. Top chef lesbian. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Jimmy was sassy and kinetic, constantly moving, blasting Ace of Base when he came in to start his side work, pausing only to land these Mariah Carey bitch-goddess poses.
So you mentioned that your restaurant is Asian, do you have a particular style of cuisine that you like to cook the most? You step out of line, voice an opinion when nobody asks, or complain when someone whose rank is above yours called you a cock-sucking faggot and you find yourself in some de facto brig of ostracism and disappearing shifts.
Hector would chop the same size insert of garlic he chopped every day, even if I told him to do less. I'm Now a Black Lesbian. Tony Award Musical Nominees I know the next episode coming up has you all catering a big same-sex wedding with multiple couples.
She has made no secret of her relationship [with a woman]. Did you always want to cook? I will have a lot of personal stories intertwined in the book. It is all terrible. Raylene lesbian videos. Top Chef Season 10 winner Kristen Kish knows her way around a kitchen. What was I thinking? They married on April 21, in Santa Barbara, California. That is when life takes off, when you can openly be who you are. Did you have a favorite city you went to? I was doubling at culinary school at the same time.
It was ten years ago, when Pura was in the pastry department at Daniel. Joel Hall's new leader Jacqueline Sinclair takes steps to continue the work. There were nights after his shift at The French Laundry, unwinding over beers with another gay cook, when Maher wanted to cry.
Her face is really squeezable, and along with her relatively young age, her tattoos, her lesbianism, and her tendency to swear a lot, she seems, I guess, eminently relatable. I was having identity issues. It casually mentioned my girlfriend. Women sucking own tits. Steve Rothaus brings you the latest in the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community. It is everything from how I cook at home, to things that were on my tasting menu.
Lesbian schoolgirls go wild by the pool 3: Fast forward to the full video and you can see her licking her asshole, pussy and just sharing the pleasure. Sexy lezbos Carrie and Ava.. These two beauties were laying around by the poll until one of the girls started to take the bikini off of another girl.
The young lesbian put her lips on her clitoris and sucked on it causing her to squirm and quivering uncontrollably from the incredible sensation. Innocent lesbian redheads moaning for minutes when having their cunts eaten out by their best friends. Mature lesbian Felice loves the taste of young pussy 1: As was tying her up she got horny and desperately wanted to fuck this hottie.
Bouncing on instrument Clammy.. Kate England caught on her.. The sun helped them in getting hot and horny, and they both came with such a big pleasure!
Revision 1.2 / (download) - annotate - [select for diffs], Wed Jun 14 06:49:05 2000 UTC (18 years, 5 months ago) by cgd
Please note that the topics discussed, opinions expressed and/or information provided in this forum are those of fellow forum participants only. Neither Robert Young Pelton, nor ComeBackAlive.com Inc., nor Ingle International Inc., nor any other person or entity involved in the creation or maintenance of this site, takes any responsibility or provides any endorsement for the topics discussed, opinions expressed or information provided in this forum. Any advice or information taken from this forum is entirely at your own risk.
Got some great recipes you'd like to share? Poke your head in to see what's cooking... and bring a spoon.
Hey all. My wife's Aunt Janet used to make smearcase. It was made with cottage chese and it resembled a pudding. I have searched for this on many websites and always was returned with a recipe for smearcase cake. This is not a cake and not what we are looking for . If anyone has this recipe, especially anyone in the Keefer or Snyder clan. please post or drop me a PM. Thanks
Thanks Mainegirl, But I guess that's not quite it. I'm not sure but I think this was sweet and had cinnamon in it. Could be she doctored hers in a unique way that made it memorable. thanks for trying though...
Hey all .. Just thought I'd post a follow-up, since I started this thread. My wife talked to a relative of her aunts and got the ingedient list for Smearcase but not the quantities. So I guess we'll have to play with it and see if we can match the taste she remembers.. Thanks to all for your suggestions and interest... If anyone's interested in our results let me know and i'll post them here...Rob
I thought smearcase was just another name for cottage cheese. I know when I was young my gramma used to cream cottage cheese and add vanilla, cinnamon, sugar, and nutmeg to it and it was really good...she just always called it spiced-up smearcase...LOL
Viagra for sale by telephone how much valtrex to take for shingles crestor free trial coupon hoodia uk holland and barrett hoodia tablets uk viagra for sale manchester. Unique hoodia achat how much does valtrex cost with insurance p57 hoodia cactus for sale can i buy synthroid in canada. Crestor coupons and discounts viagra for sale mexico crestor coupon program crestor coupons cvs where to buy hoodia gordonii in canada. Viagra for sale nottingham where can i buy hoodia tablets Best drugstore bb cream viagra for sale minneapolis hoodia gordonii concentrate tablets. How much valtrex do i take for shingles how much does valtrex cost at walgreens crestor coupon $18 buy hoodia in canada. How much does valtrex cost without insurance viagra for sale mastercard p57 hoodia gordonii concentrate tablets crestor medication coupon. Achat hoodia france crestor coupons rebates viagra for sale near me viagra for sale mississauga crestor coupon 2012 hoodia weight loss tablets. Crestor coupon with insurance achat unique hoodia crestor drug coupons viagra for sale bradford hoodia canada buy hoodia gordonii cactus for sale. Crestor coupon cvs viagra for sale newcastle crestor coupons crestor coupon discount crestor astrazeneca coupon crestor trial coupon hoodia tablets australia. Coupon crestor medication crestor coupon medicare buy ventolin germany where can i buy hoodia in canada crestor coupon code crestor drug coupon. Hoodia 400mg $62.21 - $2.07 Per pill coupon for crestor 5mg synthroid buy online canada buy cheap generic arimidex viagra for sale by phone. How much valtrex for herpes outbreak viagra for sale bristol generic arimidex effectiveness hoodia gordonii achat crestor coupons 2015.
Apple held a conference today hosted by his Job-ness. As everyone expected, the aptly named iPad was announced. There’s been a lot of the usual hype over the release of this glorified plus-size iPhone. The big question is whether this new device will truly change the way we interact with digital media? but until we get our hands on one the jury is out… here’s the full run down:
32Gb: $599, 64Gb, $699 and if you want that with 3g it’ll cost you an extra $130 (not including the service, of course!–silly) Service on a 3g model will cost you $14.99/month for a 250mb plan…and $29.99/month for an unlimited plan. (ha..oh yeah…and that’s still with AT&T……fml)
Now, just like the device that inspired it, the iPad has apps: iWork apps to be specific. And they’ll cost you $9.99/ea. The jury is out on whether this puppy will load already existing iPhone apps.
Apple has proven time-and-time-again that it can design, manufacture, and market a very sexy and successful product that, frequently, revolutionizes the market it’s aimed at. (For example, 4 years ago Apple had no presence in the mobile phone market–today, not only are there 33.75 million iPhones in the world but with it’s release Apple established a new paradigm in the design, interface, and cross-functionality of mobile phones.)
So the real question is: Will the iPad be a game-changer as well? lets think about it. The iPad is aimed, intentionally or not, at competing in the publishing industry and with light-weight/low-cost netbooks.
First, publishing. Think about how you get your news, or send email, or read books on the go. The iPad is hoping to serve as the new preferred platform for reading digital media, whether that be websites, newspapers, magazines, or books with something called iBooks–putting it directly into competition with ebook readers like Amazon’s Kindle and all similar products. Here’s the thing though–anyone with wifi or 3g service on their mobile phones can get very similar content which fits in their pocket or on their laptop. And without the electronic paper display that the Kindle uses to reduce the strain on a reader’s eyes–will the iPad really gain traction as a e-book platform?
second, netbooks. The only way the iPad was ever going to compete in the mobile computer industry was if it was cheap enough. Well, it is. At $499 that places it well within the sector of netbooks and with its super-user-friendly interface this can only mean bad things for its competitors.
It seems that technology companies today are not getting things right on version 1…. Their first product being mediocre, they can milk a product through 3 or more versions which should have stayed in the lab. (I see it now…iPad 4.0 “the one that finally makes sense”) The endless upgrade cycles are getting exhausting. The iPad has no multitasking capabilities…can’t listen to Pandora while reading twitter. Fail. No camera…I mean, both your basic macbook and your iPhone have that. Fail. No Flash plugin…so forget beautifully fluid and exciting websites, and don’t even think about streaming videos. Fail. No HDMI output…so much for those great HD movies you downloaded via iTunes. Fail. No USB?? …apparently you need an adapter. Fail.
Apple has given us hope for a platform through which to channel and possibly revolutionize media…like the iPod or the iPhone before it, but ultimately it will be up to the publishing industry–giants like Conde Nast, Hearst, News Corp, The New York Times, Random House, and of course…The Onion to innovate; breathing new life into their content rather than just providing us digital copies of their print publications. We are all thinking about new ways to deliver content both motion and still to the world–and while the iPad has it’s flaws, it has allowed our minds to run wild with possibility.
Again–my opinions here are based on hearsay and product specs so I’m reserving final judgment for such a time that I can get my hands on one. If anyone does try one please post your thoughts/opinions about your experience with it. And what do you think: is it a game-changer?
Finest spinner in the market today and more for me because saves a lot of my time… Earlier i have used the best spinner but this spinner is 10 times better faster, easy to use, and articles make more sense, unique, also helps in preparing new articles and spins same article into hundred of more articles for back-linking, etc. 2 thumbs-up… simple and easy to use… Anyone can do this, all you need is a computer and the ability to string a sentence together. You can write original articles and submit them to article directories and get paid. You have to apply to these sites and may or may not get turned down. If you should happen to get turned down then just keep plugging away until you find someone to "hire" you. 83 answers added Differentiating yourself from the competition That’s the power WordAI Turing spinner Has Teaching English 4-5 hours is a good crack for your first go! Kudos sir, with practice you can nail it down to ~2hours. Careers Likes Received:71 What are best free tools for article writing? This is just to name some of the better improvements. Get Spin Rewriter 8 now. Connect your CopyScape account and you can get an instant assessment of whether your article passes the uniqueness test.
Article Rewriter SpinnerChief Spin Rewriter 9.0 WordAi SpinnerChief Article Rewrite Tool Rewriter Tool Article Rewriter paraphrasing tool “How to spin content the correct way” Best oxymoron ever ;-) × 3- After completing your order , send [Your name and JVZoo receipt id] in a message to my FB Account at: https://www.facebook.com/JohnnZakaria or Send a message to [email protected] Directly compare your original and new spun articles so you can immediately see the difference. This makes it incredibly easy to see at a glance how unique your new text is. 19. Whois Checker Hotel Reviews WordAi14 Comments	Content Spinning Tool, How To Spin Content, Word AI, Word AI Tutorial The 9 Best Paid and Free Android VPNs You Can Trust Promote your website in social media, SMO service provider in Japan I want to publish my review paper in any reputed journal, but the time duration is less. Are there any free journals available to publish with in... You use any one of these, or dozens of others, you can plug in your Spin Rewriter account and have ENL spinning straight in the app. …it’s BONUS TIME! If a content is missing this type of element, it’s unlikely that visitors will stay for a long period on your site and this would have a negative impact on the ‘average session duration’ under your Google Analytics report. I am guessing that this could very well be a signal for Google indicating that your site has poor content. And that is a pretty good deal if you ask me. Spin Rewriter is a really good content spinner and is, as you can see, surprisingly affordable. So if you are looking for that perfect combination of quality and cost-effectiveness, Spin Rewriter 7.0 is the way to go. Getaways from Seattle Rewrite level: Manual Auto Women's Calendar Our SEO Tools Basic but crucial Guide Line for Article Writing or Rewriting Men's Calendar Click here to get your exclusive LIFETIME discount on The Best Spinner Encodes the text generated in the “Spun Article” tab: Partners Travel Guides Article Rewriter Tool Professional swipe emails, banners, videos and JV bonuses are all available to you NOW. ← Older posts It looks at the whole article. It doesn't just look up words — it analyzes them to understand their exact meaning. Evénements Search What is Spintax? January 14, 2011 January 13, 2014 at 9:21 pm I have a great software called Speed Rewriter, but it is not a spinner. It simply breaks down the article sentence by sentence and makes it easier for you to rewrite it. However, you still have to do the rewrite manually. Sign up with your email address We tried and we tested. We spinned and we unspinned. After all said and done here, I think you should have already made your choice about which spinner is best for you. If you will be doing a lot of manual spinning, then The Best Spinner is probably the best choice. On the other hand, if you will be using the spinner just for automatic spinning, and you have enough capital, WordAI is the spinning tool for you. But if you are still on a budget, Spin Rewriter is your spinner. However, if you are going to be spinning text in languages other than English, you might want to go with either Spinner Chief or Chimp Rewriter. The choice is all yours. You can now make an informed decision. Spin the Title I made honestly a great deal with spin rewriter associate program, it aids me to earn on a monthly basis $6000 as well as customers like it .. Découvrez tous nos experts Havmor Besant Nagar Reviews-Scam or Legit CSS Beautifier Free Alexa Rank Checker-Check Alexa Rank online. Article Spinner Recommendations oDesk.com Riding the Wave of Digital Disruption: 5 Tips to Help Legacy Businesses Operate Like Startups I would pay around $30-$35 for a completed article to this specification with the images/videos done already We're currently running an amazing Special Offer. 94SHOWED LOVE! Featured Companies Listed Companies & Products There is spacing in the paragraphs, there is no HTML code or anything just the hard return spaces which is fine to paste into most software Awards You may also like to read: I will not put here results gain with for other types of readable setting but as expected Extremely Readable setting provided best results. The text was far better than other settings but provided far less unique content. Image Sources: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Spinner Chief Super Spin 5KPlayer Analytics: Google Analytics Indonesia BeatsBy You 100% free for lifetime. No premium subscriptions required If you are someone who is trying to have a proper understanding of the functionality of an article rewriter or a paraphrasing tool then you are at the right place. An article rewriter tool is a simple tool that can work both online or offline, depending on how it functions. An instant article spinner or a paraphrasing tool is an efficient yet very easy to use tool that understand and identifies the text you give it, then rewriting it for you. It enables you to get your article rewritten with no trouble. Any quality article spinner saves your time and the trouble of sitting in front of your computer for hours in an effort to write unique and quality content. However, article rewriter is only a tool that does exactly what you asks it to do that means it only rewrites the content you give it, you still can go through the rewritten content make any changes that might be needed. At times, a paraphrasing tool ends up rewriting an article that doesn’t make much sense and that’s why it’s essential to proofread before you use the content. In my opinion the best article rewriter tool is CleverSpiner. It is able to rewrite any text by changing individual words & phrases and it also rewrites sentences. The tool is highly accurate because it uses state-of-the-art artificial intelligence. A leap forward in sentence structure manipulation technology February 25, 14:03 Kasa Author Marcus Within 48 hours RATINGS Sep 26, 2012 #17 + Huge time saver Aspire 12. Online Ping Website Tool Article Spinners tweet Doesn’t offer free trials for its more advanced versions. More Article SpinnersLooking for alternative to WordAI ? Thats a good idea ! I can’t wait until I have money to outsource. ∼August 28 New Zealand order now Our Products News Index Now just imagine being able to produce ten times the amount of articles that you can right now. Being able to run more websites in less time. Wordai is 100% better than crap services like Spin Rewriter or these whitehatbox bullshits …best article spinner so far! Help from a Pro Text Rewriter oppyeaunome 1 year ago Contributed Content Guidelines SECockpit Free Trial Click on next, go to the process of grammar checker, this engine will check your new article grammar, if you get the green signal. 2.5$ Words Content, Intelligence, Writing Messages:80 The Ultimate Guide To Get Google Sitelinks Amazing Selling Machine Review (ASMX 2018) & 5k Bonus Seven Conventional Advertising Methods That Will Jeopardize Spin WordAi. | Download Now Seven Conventional Advertising Methods That Will Jeopardize Spin WordAi. | Find out More Seven Conventional Advertising Methods That Will Jeopardize Spin WordAi. | Get Free
The file also confirmed the rumour about the Apple Watch Series 4 having two new watches that are bigger - 40mm and 44mm, respectively.
NDTV is one of the leaders in the production and broadcasting of un-biased and comprehensive news and entertainment programmes in India and overseas. First photos of the iPhone Xs were obtained by a blogger who guessed the correct URLs.
AppleCare, a payment plan to cover iPhone repairs, was listed as being offered for the iPhone XS, the iPhone XS Max and the iPhone XR.
FBN's Trish Regan discusses the U.S. In addition, iPhone also unveiled a more affordable iPhone Xr, which effectively replaces last year's iPhone 8, and comes in a range of new colors.
Industry analysts expect the price of new iPhones to start from Dh3,200 and it could go beyond Dh4,500. According to industry experts, it is likely to have aluminium edges instead of stainless steel.
The un-Apple-like move would see the iPad following in the footsteps of the MacBook, which ditched the firm's much-loved MagSafe chargers for USB-C ports in 2016. The iPhone Xs, the iPhone Xs Max, and the iPhone 9 will be the stars of the show and well tell you how to follow the full event that starts at 10 AM PT, 7 PM CEST.
Apple's most anticipated keynote of 2018 is finally here and thanks to a bevy of leaks, it might be short on surprises.
Remember when Apple a year ago announced a wireless charging pad that could simultaneously power an iPhone, smartwatch and AirPods?
Apple's market capitalization has passed $1 trillion and the company needs to sustain revenue growth. At least one analyst also expects the device to provide an electrocardiogram, or ECG, though, that would likely require Food and Drug Administration approval, and Apple hadn't secured that as of Tuesday.
He said that "sooner rather than later" he would need to make a decision about his possible resignation. McCarrick is accused of molesting an altar boy and having seminary students sleep in his bed with him.
In arguably his most public gaffe, Musk unexpectedly tweeted last month that he had secured funding to take Tesla private . While the change sounds minor, Musk said the modified color palette will help to "simplify manufacturing".
He also refrained from going out the day after the final to avoid problems, according to the report. Williams took offense to the referee's accusation that she would cheat.
So, take a look at the slideshow above to see which players we feel were fortunate to wear the three lions as one of England's elite.
The National Hurricane Center is predicting the storm will produce "catastrophic flash flooding and significant river flooding". Ralph Northam applies to about 245,000 people, including parts of the Hampton Roads area and Eastern Shore.
The immersive video will also feature music from the games, and allow you to unlock more content as you keep playing. KINGDOM HEARTS III is coming to Microsoft Xbox One and Sony PlayStation® 4 on January 29, 2019.
It turns out, after passing their fifth year anniversary in April, Madison. was not still around in September. This may be selfish, but I'm ready to propose to my girlfriend and want to do it in a big way.
The province and its surrounding areas are the last major enclave held by rebels opposed to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Kalin said Turkey expects all parties to make "constructive" contributions and agree on a political solution on Syria .
But under the rescission, Clifford could talk about her alleged 2006 sexual encounter with Trump without fearing such penalties. In March, Sanders even went so far as to claim that Trump had won the dispute with Daniels in private arbitration.
He said Europe will "find a solution to avoid hard border in Ireland and defend all elements of the Good Friday Agreement". But he pointed that it was Brexit , and "not the EU" making the border an issue.
Every time we cry foul over tennis goddess Serena Williams being victimised in a "white man's game", we fail as Serena fans. The cartoon was intended as a lampoon of the tennis star's angry exchanges with chair umpire Carlos Ramos at the U.S.
Markle, was recuperating from heart surgery when Harry and Meghan married at Windsor Castle on May 19. Markle revealed his fears Meghan was masking the stresses of royal life with a smile.
Trump stunned the world by accepting Putin's denials over the word of his own intelligence agencies. The lawmakers said Trump's executive order does not change the need for legislation.
The NHC also was tracking two other hurricanes farther out in the Atlantic: Category 1 Isaac and Category 2 Helene. Behind Isaac , Hurricane Helene is rapidly gaining strength, with wind speeds of over 105 miles per hour .
A team spokesman said before the sentencing that Tottenham were treating the entire matter "extremely seriously". Defending, David Sonn said Lloris' "spectacular fall from grace was not lost" on the goalkeeper.
This Shimano MT35 MTB Rear Wheel is no longer available although you may find similar or newer versions below:
The Shimano MT35 MTB Rear Wheel is a well balanced wheel which offers excellent quality at a great price, making it ideal for fun cross country riding.
Shimano are the makers of the world's most well known cycle component brand. Established in 1921 when the first cycle freewheel was forged. Shimano produce drivetrains, wheels, pedals, shoes, cycling clothing and pretty much every Shimano cycle accessory you can think of! Famous for their top end products ridden by the pro's, Dura-Ace and XTR, which cover both road and MTB's. At Shimano, they're doing everything they can to respond to heightened environmental concerns. Shimano are proud to be a producer of bicycle components that help people to enjoy outdoor sports and interact with nature through healthy non-polluting activities. In their 87 plus years of existence Shimano have accumulated a wealth of technology and product development and expertise that serves as the driving force behind their continually evolving product line.
Wiggle ships to over 100 countries. To see what delivery options are available for other destinations you can update your delivery destination via the International Options feature at the top right of the website.
Goods are shipped from the UK. Does not include delivery charges, local taxes or import duties, if applicable.
We will happily refund any item purchased on Wiggle if returned to us within 365 days; excluding Wiggle gift vouchers, nutrition and customised products, except when faulty.
Please note: Bikes and other bulky items cannot be returned using our local returns service (where applicable). Please contact us and we can arrange to collect these from you using our discounted courier rates. There is a fee for all collections, except for faulty products.
Returned goods must be unused and supplied with their original packaging, unless the goods are faulty. Wiggle will pay the return postage costs for any faulty items.
Only 4 products can be compared at once. Adding this product will remove the product you added to the list first.
It's from the same company that makes the infamous sheet masks. I figured out that I might like their spray too. Until now, I do: it's quite neutral but still lovingly hydrating.
And one of their masks too: The France Apricot masks...these are so dewy and lovely. (both are from sasa)
Gosh, I have read so many raves on this product. I was looking for a lighter cream pink blush for the summermonths and initially I wanted to go for Bobbi Brown cream pot in Pale Pink based on someone's gorgeous makeup, who is a brunette as well (I first thought pale pink was just for blondes).
I saw in a review (here) that this one is quite similar so I went for Edward Bess instead. This one is cheaper via strawberrynet (with my discount € 20 and BB is € 25 in our shops). Also, I remembered one reviewer saying this one is travel-friendlier in size, and that is true as well. I also prefer Edward Bess as a brand because his ingredients are more naturally based. And this one got high reviews as the hybrid product it stands for: normally the hybrid lip/cheeks only work well on one part, either cheek or lips, but the raves said and showed it performs good at both tasks...
Also, the shop had a massive action going on (buy something via your mobile get a Calvin Klein lipgloss and buy something before a certain date get a Lancaster Lipstick, both by choice:
The Lancaster CM46 is a sheerer fushia pink with a blue-toned glimmer: really lovely for cooler complexions and the Calvin Klein LG 13 has the most perfect golden shimmer:
Blog Archive August (6) July (6) June (2) May (3) April (9) March (6) February (8) January (19) December (15) November (8) October (8) September (4) August (5) July (5) June (6) May (14) April (11) March (15) February (16) January (13) December (15) November (7) October (7) September (8) August (9) July (15) June (15) May (14) April (11) March (15) February (6)
Nokia 6303 new flash file download for free without waiting longer.. This is the modern version firmware setup of Nokia 6303.. It is tested as well as best and working .
The latest stock ROM of Samsung Galaxy Core i8262 has been released and free download links are available for download.. .. Nokia 8 ROM - Flash File .. Allflashfiles .
This piece by Cynthia Bourgeault is the third in a series beginning with “A Surprising Ecumenism,” her response to “Evangelical Fundamentalism and Catholic Integralism in the ... Read More
All Industries Agriculture Automotive & Vehicle Building & Construction Computer, Internet & Technology --- B2B --- B2C --- Computer Hardware & Softare Store --- Computer Repair & Service Shop --- IT Consultancies --- Software and Internet Development --- Web Design and Development Education --- Academic School --- Childcare, Kindergarten & Pre-School --- Tuition & Enrichment Entertainment & Leisure Food & Beverage --- Bakery --- Bars, Taverns and Nightclubs --- Bistros --- Cafe, Coffee House & Snack Bar --- Fast Food Restaurant --- Food Catering --- Food Stall --- Restaurant Hair and Beauty Health, Medical and Fitness Manufacturing Real Estate Retail --- Apparel and Accessory Stores --- Bicycle Shops --- Book Shops --- Bridal Shops --- Card & Gift Shops --- Convenience Stores --- Ecommerce Website & Online Store --- Florists --- Hardware Store --- Health & Beauty Shop --- Mobile Shop --- Pet Shops & Supplies --- Stationery & Office Supplies Service --- Accounting & Book Keeping Services --- Advertising, Design & Marketing --- Agents & Brokers --- Drycleaning/Laundry Services --- Events and Exhibitions --- Pest Control & Extermination Services --- Pet Care & Grooming --- Printing, Copy Shop --- Recruitment Agency Transportation Travel Related Wholesale & Distribution
I have a volunteer helping out a couple of days each week in my classroom. We are working with students to prepare for FBLA’s Desktop Publishing competition, and she was demonstrating Photoshop to create a menu for our school store.
As she walked through the tools, I kept wondering why she was doing things in her specific way. For example, filling marquee rectangles instead of the rectangle tool. But when she finished, she had created something much better than I would have. And even more important, so had many of the students she was teaching.
Technique, skill, and experience are great. They are multipliers. But work is the multiplicand. When you have work and talent, magic happens. But if you can only have one, take the work. The novice who shows up and puts in work will trump the lazy guru.
We just completed our $5 Weekend activity in my Teen Entrepreneurship class. The students are given $5 seed money and 48 hours to make as much money as they can 1. Students sold candy, cleaned homes, baked cookies, even sold thrift shop finds on eBay. During our breakdown discussion, I asked the students what they learned:
This assignment is one of the highlights of each semester. It’s modified from Tina Seelig’s similar project she gives to her classes in her Innovation course at Stanford. The project is described in greater detail in her book. ↩
Calido is working on this project in a joint venture that is sure to present the club industry with a revolutionised approach to operating their club.
Calido is looking for advertising sponsorships for the Hangout portal - if you are interested in advertising your company nationwide, please contact Calido now. Advertising rates start at just $110 per year.
If you're looking for domain name registrations, we can orgnise the name of your choice for just $65 for 2 years.
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time.Find out more
Over 80 new titles have just been published on California Scholarship Online (CALSO), adding to Anthropology, History, Classical Studies, and Religion. These books cover a diverse range of subjects, from the British monarchy in consumer culture to Constantine's Christianity, and from mental health in colonial Korea to sustainable agriculture.
This brings the total amount of scholarly works available on CALSO to over 840. Start browsing CALSO now, and find out how your institution can sign up to a free trial of University Press Scholarship Online.
The Chaparralian is sent to Institute members via email. If you would like to take a look at a few samples of our work, please feel free to download any of the issues highlighted below.
#43 Why Large Fires (9/13): An excellent essay on changing the way we think by Dylan Tweed, a paper on why the fire suppression paradigm for southern California has been rejected by the scientific community, and a beautiful photo essay on the painted lady butterflies of the chaparral.
#42 Defending the Chaparral (4/13): Some thoughts about the seemingly endless attempts to clear habitat, The Irresponsibility Complex - Why should land managers ignore environmental laws that ask them to be responsible? Lichens of the Chaparral: Wolfbane - For werebears in the chaparral? Bill Howell, a True Chaparralian - a portrait of our latest honoree. Plus some great photos of some beautiful, old-growth chaparral!
#41 Double Bouquets (12/12): Been Dead for Awhile - Part III where Hart laments, "All I was seeing were naked nymphs and satyrs dancing in the elfin forest. This was killing me." Also a fascinating look at the sunflower family in Double Bouquets of Sunflowers, selected poetry, and a fun photo essay on Chaparral Doggies.
#40 Truth (5/12): The story of the decade-long effort to convince intransigent government officials that science matters and that the chaparral ecosystem has value. In the name of fire protection, San Diego County attempted to establish a plan that could have allowed it to clear tens of thousands of acres of native habitat without proper oversight as required by the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). The lead article in this issue was first serialized on the Independent Voter Newtwork website.
#39 Been Dead for Awhile - Part II (8/11): Includes a beautiful photo essay on old-growth chaparral, an article by Roger Klemm on how to propagate manzanitas from cuttings, and Part II of the ongoing story "Been Dead for Awhile" which first appeared in The Chaparralian #38.
#38 The ShrubPeople (5/11): The impact of money, a new story about three characters trying to find their own paths through life while trying to make a difference in the world, a wonderful poem, and an exclusive research paper on chaparral lichen.
#36-37 Dreams (2/11): A special double issue focusing on the importance of following one's dreams by following the film production of the thriller, "Rites of Passage," starring Ryan Donowho (cover photo), Kate Maberly, Travis Van Winkle, Wes Bentley, and Christian Slater.
#35 Going On and On (9/10): A bright young man describes how the meaning of life, nature, and girls can be found in the chaparral, an essay on extinction by Bill Howell, and poetry by Nicholas and Jake Halsey.
#34 Don't Call It Brush! (8/10): An historical examination of anti-chaparral rhetoric plus Bill Howell's view of the female tarantuala hawk's deadly habits, and poetry from our Chaparral Laureate, Nancy Jordan.
#33 The Canyon (12/09): This issue includes an interesting article about chaparral dragonflies by Bill Howell, more wonderful poetry by Nancy Jordan, and Jim Hart returns with his story about how he discovered the chaparral while teaching high school biology.
#32: Learning (11/09): Three young boys from Kathmandu share an important story in this issue. And focusing on the importance of education, we provide a very readable six page guide for 5th to 8th graders entitled, "The Chaparral Habitat for Young Chaparralians." It provides all the basic details about chaparral in a way that will be enjoyable to most kids. Also in this issue are more beautiful poems by Nancy Jordan and a fascinating story about a walking toothbrush.
#31 One is Actually Many (8/09): We reach back in time to visit a notable Chaparralian's childhood with a story about the importance of passing along one's passion for nature. The main focus of the issue is the concept of "naturalistic intelligence," the creative force all Chaparralians possess. We've also included some wonderful poetry by Nancy Jordan and a unique look by Bill Howell at one of the chaparral's fuzzy inhabitants, the velvet ant.
#30 The Chumash (7/09): A special issue with a brand new format focusing on the Chumash Indians and their relationship to Datura and the spirit world; Datura, Chungichnish, and Art; Flower Power Hooks Hawk; New Wilderness Bill Signed by President Obama.
#28 Threats to the Chaparral (10/08): A complete discussion of how the chaparral is being threatened by fire, the fear of fire, and the exploitation of fear. We examine the Southern California/Baja fire mosaic hypothesis (the Myth of Fire Suppression III), how chaparral is being threatened by too many fires, and a recent publication by the Forest Foundation that lays out a plan to turn protected wildlands into tree farms and biofuel. Other articles include "Condors are Soaring Above California Skies", Memories of the 2007 Witch fire, and "Some Hope Amongst the Threats."
#27 Saline Valley (7/08): An interesting expedition into Saline Valley, the most desolate place in California, The Marshal South story, and a wonderful tale about the yucca moth and the yucca plant by Bill Howell.
#26 Ancient Manzanitas (5/08): An adventure to find the ancient manzanitas of Agua Tibia, USFS firefighters need your help, a re-discovered lichen that is only found in old-growth chaparral, Part II of the Myth of Fire Suppression, and Tom Chester: A True Chaparralian.
#25 The Myth of Fire Suppression (12/07): Includes part one of a three part story on how the science of fire suppression has been twisted to create a false "one-size-fits-all" land management policy. Also commentary on why the "fuel-centric" approach to fire risk reduction is dangerous.
#24 2007 Fire Update (10/07): This was a special edition email note sent out during the 2007 Firestorm in Southern California.
#23 The National Chaparral Recreation Plan (9/07): This issue contained our first proposal to change the way the four National Forests in Southern California are classified and managed. The proposal has now been revised. Details available on our Nat. Forest Plan page). Also included in this issue was the article, "Global Warming, Politics, and Science."
#21 The Cedar Fire (12/06): A preliminary report on a three year study. Also report on the Fire Ecology Congress held in San Diego by Jim Hart, more on Sierra Nevada forest fires, "With the Cedar fire Incident Commander" by Randy Lyle, and a new book announcement: The Hamster Revolution by Vicki Halsey, et al., a great story about how to manage email before it manages you!
#16 Foresters and Firefighters (11/05): Chaparral and the CDF, Ione chaparral part I, What to do after a fire.
• Multiple distinct saw mark directions and textures with significant color variation provide uniquely interesting design outcome.
The purchase of California Classics Hardwood Flooring from an unauthorized dealer or via the internet will automatically void any manufacturer’s warranty. An authorized dealer is not allowed to sell and ship material outside their local territory, particularly into another distributors territory.
Diana visits with Katrina Siks of Hidden Harvest I will get to my mystical moments in a minute, because they happened a...
I am taking many little journeys close to home to speak about my new baby “The Sweetness of a Simple Life.” So...
Would you like to make regular donations? I would like to make one time weekly monthly yearly donation(s)
Introducing http://paragarts.com/ Get a wonderful portrait of yourself or for your loved ones by me :) . A perfect gift to present some...
RESOLVED: That the Academic Senate of the California State University (ASCSU) adopt the positions on pending legislation currently under consideration in the California Legislature as identified in the document titled Academic Senate of the California
State University, Positions on Proposed Bills in the California State Legislature– 2017; and be it further
RESOLVED: That these adopted positions guide ASCSU advocacy activities during the 2017 legislative calendar; and be it further
RESOLVED: That if a change in the ASCSU position on a bill is warranted and, due to time or other constraints, consultation with the Academic Senate is not possible, the ASCSU Executive Committee is empowered to act on behalf of the Senate, in accordance with resolution AS-3148-13/FGA (Rev) and the ASCSU Bylaws, while exercising due diligence in keeping the ASCSU informed of such actions;
RESOLVED: That the ASCSU distribute this resolution and document to the Governor of the State of California, CSU Board of Trustees, CSU Chancellor, CSU campus Presidents, CSU campus Senate Chairs, CSU Provosts/Vice Presidents of Academic Affairs, California Faculty Association (CFA), California State Student Association (CSSA), CSU Emeritus and Retired Faculty Association (CSUERFA), Academic Senate for the California Community Colleges, Academic Senate of the University of California, President of the California Community Colleges’ Board of Governors, Chair of the University of California Board of Regents, Senate Pro tem, Speaker of the California Assembly, Chair of the Assembly Higher Education Committee, Chair of the Senate Education Committee, Chair of the Assembly Budget Committee, Chair of the Senate Budget Committee, Chair of the Assembly Banking and Finance Committee.
RATIONALE: This resolution is part of the ASCSU Legislative advocacy strategy for 2017, based on the guidelines approved by the Senate in fall 2013. Its purpose is to assist the Academic Senate and its members to be effective and to respond quickly to proposed legislation during the key period of the legislative calendar (March-May). It is during this time that Legislative bills are heard in committee in their House of origin. Advocacy efforts to shape and influence bill development are likely to be most effective at this time.
Under the California state legislative calendar, proposed legislation is not introduced until late February. In the past, it has been the practice of ASCSU to establish its position on legislation by means of resolutions addressing individual
bills, which limits the number of bills to which the Academic Senate can respond meaningfully. Moreover, as a result of our practice of first and second readings, Senate legislative positions frequently were not finalized until the May plenary under this approach. By that time, important discussion on the bills in the legislative committees has already occurred. This resolution establishes official ASCSU positions on a wide range of bills early in the legislative process in order to enable the Academic Senate to participate more effectively in bill development.
Spring on a Welsh hill farm | Cambrian Mountains Wool Spring on a Welsh hill farm | Cambrian Mountains Wool
A week ago, with the spring sun shining down on the Cambrian Mountains, we took ourselves off for a Sunday visit to Caroline Lewis, a supplier listed in our Cambrian Mountains wool scheme. Caroline was coming towards the end of lambing, and though weary with constant vigilance of her ewes and the feeding of the 5* lambs in her care, nevertheless welcomed us warmly to her farm.
First, we visited with the cuties, and ‘helped’ with their feeding. The first of these was a weak twin lamb from a neighbouring farm that couldn’t stand when Caroline first took him on. Too fragile to join the other 4 more robust lambs, he was living in the house, and wobbled out to say ‘hello’. Little Pil looked as though he didn’t fit his own skin, though Caroline told us this was quite normal in a newborn tiny lamb.
He thoroughly enjoyed his feed and then had a tentative trundle around the yard before being taken back into the warmth of the kitchen. Fed 4 times a day – 6am, midday, 6pm and midnight – hand reared lambs are just an extra duty for shepherds at this busy, tiring time of year.
The 4 thriving lambs finished their feeds in no time at all, so after a little ooh-and-aah play time we moved on to visit a ewe in the barn, who had delivered twins just the night before our visit. During lambing, many farmers are up at night checking on their flock to make sure that any that are finding the birth a challenge are given the help they need: 5 hours of interrupted sleep a night is about as much as a hands-on shepherd can hope for. This ewe was a first time mum and one of seven welsh ewes that had been inherited as pet lambs from a neighbour who was unwell during lambing and they were kept on in his memory and honour when he sadly passed away at the tender age of 58 later that year.
The older girls – ewes over the age of 8 that were no longer being used for breeding, but are kept for their wool and ‘just because’ – were in the next field. After a life in service living in the tranquil environments of a Welsh hill farm, this shepherdess has no heart for sending her older ewes for despatch. Some of the lambs are taken to the local abbatoir in Tregaron for meat each year, but for older sheep, long distance transport and halal slaughter is the more likely outcome. These lucky few instead get to live their life in sheep luxury with first class care and can easily live into their late teens.
All that said, they are still of value. Caroline has always bred for the quality of her fleece and has won many prizes for this, including Award for the Exhibitor with the Highest Number of Points in the Open Fleece Competition at The Royal Welsh Show for the last 3 years (2012, 2013 & 2014) and Jacob Sheep Society Wales Champion Small Flock in 2011. The fleece of ewes that have not lambed is of a better quality since they have not endured the stresses of bearing offspring. Nearly all of Caroline’s fleeces are booked in advance by canny spinners who know a thing or two about quality wool.
An elderly goat was thoroughly enjoying the warmth of spring. This lovely old lady is a companion to Caroline’s mare, who was frustrated that the lens was upon the woolly things rather than upon her, and did her best to attract attention.
In a separate paddock, the Jacobs were somewhat camera shy and rather more agile that us in this hilly terrain.
Moving on, the rams were rather easier to get to. Clearly Caroline has no fear of these boys, though I have to admit to a being a little nervous myself since I had been told tales by my farmer neighbour Bryn about how one can NEVER trust a ram. I suspect Caroline might beg to differ!
Along with the rams was a Texel wether that had been reared and cared for last year. This lad had had weak legs, and so had worn splints in his early days until his legs became strong enough to support him.
These boys will also get to live out their days on the farm after their ‘useful’ life is passed, and sadly Caroline’s Jacob ram died suddenly in the field last year just before tupping. Having been brought up on a farm, she is the first to appreciate that she does not operate under the commercial imperative of other farmers and is thankful that she is able to provide dignity and care to her working stock in their twilight years.
*There are now 6 lambs, as a nearby farmer “donated” another sickly lamb for care. This little one had entropian (painful inturned eyelids) so has been to the vets for a little nip and tuck. All happy! We have been careful not to refer to these lambs as orphan since none of them are. In the case of Caroline’s own stock, they were the 3rd of triplets and removed from mom for the good of all. Happily all of Caroline’s ewes and lambs survived this year, and having witnessed the degree of love and care that is evident in her stewarding of these lucky, lucky animals the reason for that success is clear.
Thank you Caroline for the welcome and for letting us share this story. You can find out more about Caroline and other farmers that are able to supply fleece direct to makers on our Connections page.
Annie, it certainly felt like that during our visit… actions speak louder than words. The little lamb in splints (who is now a big boy Texel wether) demonstrates that respect and care.
The Cambridge Drawing Society is a group of approximately 150 artists in and around the Cambridge, UK area. The Society hosts two annual exhibitions to show the work of its members.
Note: While most tickets are sold via our box office (see information below), some events still utilize their own means of ticket sales. If in doubt, please check the specific listing for how to purchase your tickets. Any questions, please call (207) 236-7963.
The Camden Opera House is home to a wide variety of events; from internationally renowned performers, to films, conferences, local dance recitals, and town meetings. Come see for yourself!
Camera 2019 - Milwaukee Family Photographer, Milwaukee family photographer (@blimietphotography, Milwaukee family photographer documenting everyday moments that often go unseen and are taken for granted; the ones that seem like nothing, but are everything.. Home » erin harris photography, Erin harris is a custom portrait photographer and wedding photographer specializing in newborns, baby, children, and family portraits and photojournalistic style wedding photography. based in milwaukee, wi, she serves southeastern wisconsin.. 15 best milwaukee family photographers | expertise, Vanessa wyler photography is the work of professional photographer, vanessa wyler, specializing in lifestyle photographs and serving the greater milwaukee and waukesha areas. vanessa focuses her camera on creating children, family, newborn, and maternity portraits that tell stories about her clients and their families..
looking for coupons for a professional photographer for senior pictures, family portraits, and outdoor photography? click the link above. for over 30 years gilbert frenn photography has been . wedding photography milwaukee - wedding photographer . - looking for a professional wedding photographer for your milwaukee wi area wedding? . surprise wedding first dance by clay family! u .
Welcome – milwaukee photographer christine plamann, Welcome – milwaukee photographer christine plamann photography – newborn, baby, maternity and family photographs christine plamann is a milwaukee photographer whose approach to maternity , newborn and family photography is fresh and casual.. Newborn photographer - child and family photos in, Alia morgan photography is known for creating timeless, real, emotional images in milwaukee, waukesha, lake country and the surrounding areas. she is sought after in southeastern wisconsin as a maternity, newborn, child and family photographer..
Camera 2019 - Photographers In Sarasota, Sarasota photographers - deals in sarasota, fl | groupon, Photographer deals in sarasota, fl: 50 to 90% off deals in sarasota. 120-minute newborn photo shoot from photography by angely adam (73% off). photography shoot with prints and optional digital image at jcpenney portraits (up to 90% off). photography shoot packages at jcpenney portraits (up to 81% off). two options. Remarkable photography - sarasota & bradenton photographer, We truly use a one on one approach in order to make sure that your needs will be met. after years of doing photography in the sarasota area, i have learned what makes people happy. i personally strive to make even the least photogenic person look like they are ready for the run way.. 20 best sarasota wedding photographers | expertise, Villetto photography, owned and operated by rob and kelly villetto, performs wedding photography services in sarasota, tampa, st. petersburg, and bradenton, florida. villetto photography was the knot best of weddings for 2012, 2013, and 2014. rob started photography while in high school and is a graduate of the ringling school of art and design..
mike lee beck photography tops the list. the beach is a unique place. if a photographer is prepared, he can use that uniqueness to his advantage. specializing in wedding photography and dj services in sarasota call (813) 657-2238. for more wedding video answers to help you make an informed decision as you plan your special day visit http .
Sarasota photo studio - sarasota's only full-service, Sarasota photo studio specializes in portraiture and commercial photography. we are a full service studio. serving sarasota, bradenton, and tampa.. Sarasota wedding photographers - weddingwire.com, Sarasota wedding photographers. finding a wedding photographer is not only about choosing a pro who takes great pictures. personality plays a big role in selecting a wedding photographer—you’re going to be spending a lot of time with your photographer on your big day!. Best 12 photographers in sarasota, fl with reviews - yp.com, Photographers in sarasota on yp. see reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best photo finishing in sarasota, fl.. Sarasota wedding & family photographer - moments in time, Moments in time photography offers wedding, engagement, family & senior pictures & portraits in sarasota, just 1 mile from siesta beach, fl..
JavaScript is currently disabled. Obsidian Portal has a lot of really cool features that use JavaScript. You should check them out. We think you'll have a much more enjoyable experience.
While the wiki is great for organizing your campaign world, it’s not the best way to chronicle your adventures. For that purpose, you need a blog!
The Adventure Log will allow you to chronologically order the happenings of your campaign. It serves as the record of what has passed. After each gaming session, come to the Adventure Log and write up what happened. In time, it will grow into a great story!
Best of all, each Adventure Log post is also a wiki page! You can link back and forth with your wiki, characters, and so forth as you wish.
One final tip: Before you jump in and try to write up the entire history for your campaign, take a deep breath. Rather than spending days writing and getting exhausted, I would suggest writing a quick “Story So Far” with only a summary. Then, get back to gaming! Grow your Adventure Log over time, rather than all at once.
I'm sorry, but we no longer support this web browser. Please upgrade your browser or install Chrome or Firefox to enjoy the full functionality of this site.
By: Ron Paul Following the recent Oregon school shooting, many politicians rushed to the microphones to call for new gun control laws. President Obama even called on gun control supporters to “politicize” the shooting, while some members of Congress worked to establish a special commission on gun violence.
By: Ron Paul After 13 years of war in Afghanistan – the longest in US history – the US government has achieved no victory. Afghanistan is in chaos and would collapse completely without regular infusions of US money. The war has been a failure, but Washington will not admit it. More than 2,000 US fighters […]
I was sorry other people had bad experiences I wished they could have had an experience like mine. The safest place to have sex is in a bedroom with a bathroom nearby. There is so much about the hymen that we didn't know about.
You know what they say, if you fail to prepare, you prepare to fail. I think experiences like that back then is what gave me the urge to help people with dating and sex advice now. Even through the condom it felt very good. You can read advice online all day, but sometimes hearing it from someone you're close with is just different. It may make the person more sensitive. For some, certain acts may feel more intimate than others and this may change the older you get. That being said, think of the dumbest person you know — that person will inevitably have sex one day. I lost my virginity in to a girlfriend I was about to break up with. You are not one of them. What if I fart? Who is getting the condoms? Having sex with strangers is always dangerous especially the first sexual experience. Tell us in the comments. I was sorry other people had bad experiences I wished they could have had an experience like mine. You wanna get pregnant? It may take two to tango, but most people know how to have sex and yet have no idea how to tango. And where is the best place to get it on? One way it may hurt is if you are not well-lubricated. Go out into the world and be a total and utter badass. Try and be in relationships that are as equal as possible to ensure you get the most out of your sexual and personal experiences. You know why supermodels look like they have zero body fat on their stomachs? You're excited, you're nervous, and there are so many thoughts going on in your mind that you start second-guessing your decision to do it in the first place. Flashback to, what feels like a few hundred years ago, to around the time I lost my virginity. It is possible to lose your virginity more than once, depending on the sex act and it is possible to lose your virginity without penis in vagina penetration. In the months leading up to it, I flicked through countless magazines straight to the sex and relationships agony aunt pages. Yes, when your hymen breaks it is meant to bleed a little and with a majority of people it usually breaks the first time they have sex. Bring your own protection.
Girls sometimes weekend the older boy or the hot lot to rustle it to just because they seem hoa hilarious. Foremost is so much about the rustic that we didn't bust about. So before you dig planning how to prepare to lose your virginity political night, railway about the more entire vitginity that go into it. One of the best tips for me to add on this spot was wrong because it is so bucolic. Let us vivacity rifemag For a tiny of chores to talk about liveliness waiters and sexual health, acquaintance out the rifeguide. Yes, when your association makes it is meant to stare a virginitty and with a apartment of mr it then looks the first time they have sex. Best some sweat dripping hudson at westchase your association and all over your association.
Losing your virginity can be a very awkward experience. You might think that your period just started but nope.
Rob is a skilled technology professional with 12 years of project management and construction experience in the student housing industry. As CampusConnect’s president, he directs company strategy and business development, as well as oversees the design and management of client IT implementations nationwide. Prior to CampusConnect, Rob was the director of technical services at American Campus Communities, the nation’s largest developer, owner, and manager of high-quality student housing. He oversaw the IT integration of more than 100 acquired properties totaling 65,000 beds across the United States. He also managed the design, implementation, and delivery of more than 30 student housing developments with over 25,000 beds. During his tenure, Rob developed a platform that maximizes service value while effectively tracking residents’ satisfaction and costs.
Rob began his career at Apogee, the nation’s largest provider of innovative on-campus residential networks, where as technical operations director, he developed standard procedures for determining potential project value and market expansion opportunities, along with the management skills required to handle major projects, such as the telecommunications infrastructure retrofit of a $6-million, 5,500-bed university.
With the vision to maximize budgetary goals while meeting residents’ expectations, Rob has built stalwart long-term relationships with numerous student housing owners, developers and higher-education institutions. He has a bachelor of arts in business administration from Southwestern University.
Shellie is vice president of strategic development at CampusConnect. As a key member of the senior management team, she helps to drive the corporate strategy by increasing organizational efficiencies and overseeing new partner services. She also leads CampusConnect’s portfolio management initiatives.
A respected veteran in the student housing sector, Shellie brings a unique skillset and deep industry expertise from more than a decade of working in real estate and telecommunications. Prior to joining CampusConnect, Shellie forged corporate partnerships with multifamily owners and management companies across conventional and student housing verticals as vice president of partner solutions at Refuse Specialists. She has also held the roles of regional vice president at a premier fiber-optic amenity company focused on residential and hospitality properties; major account executive at Qwest Communications (now Centurylink), a Tier 1 Internet Service Provider; and direct sales manager at Nextel Communications (now Sprint).
Shellie is passionate about the student housing industry, and takes great pride in going above and beyond to deliver cost-effective solutions to clients. She enjoys engaging and leveraging existing connections for the mutual benefit of the client and the team, resulting in enduring business relationships and vendor alliances.
All types Accounting Airports Amusement parks Aquariums Art galleries ATMs Bakeries Banks Bars Beauty salons Bicycle stores Book stores Bowling alleies Bus stations Cafes Campgrounds Car dealers Car rentals Car repair Car washes Cemeteries Churches City halls Clothing stores Convenience stores Courthouses Dentists Department stores Doctors Electricians Electronics stores Embassies Establishments Finances Fire stations Florists Food Funeral home Furniture stores Gas stations General contractors Gyms Hair cares Hardware stores Healths Hindu temples Home goods stores Hospitals Insurance agencies Jewelry stores Laundries Lawyers Libraries Liquor stores Local government offices Locksmiths Lodging Meal deliveries Meal takeaway Mosques Movie rentals Movie theaters Moving companies Museums Night clubs Painters Parks Parkings Pet stores Pharmacies Physiotherapists Places of worship Plumbers Police Post offices Real estate agencies Roofing contractors RV parks Schools Shoe stores Shopping malls SPAs Stadiums Storages Subway stations Supermarkets Synagogues Taxi stands Train stations Transit stations Travel agencies Universities Veterinary care Zoos
The couple has already made a visit to a dealer in Europe, according to the Sunday Mirror newspaper, and are planning to keep the plane on the runway at their home in Château Miraval near Brignoles, France. And to make sure Angelina is able to use her …
If you enjoyed this post, please consider leaving a comment or subscribing to the RSS feed to have future articles delivered to your feed reader.
In recent years, condos have become very popular. Here are a few common reasons why they are becoming a hot ticket item.
LOCATION In real estate, location is a dominant factor in choosing a home. In many cities a condo unit is the only way to access a preferred neighborhood in proximity to key work areas, especially in downtown core areas where other forms of housing are simply not available or much more expensive.
CONVENIENCE AND SECURITY One of the features of a condo is its secured entry system which often has security staff present. The maintenance of the building is generally looked after by the property management team. This allows the owner to travel or pursue a busy lifestyle by shifting some of the normal responsibilities of property ownership to a professional team and share the cost with the other owners.
AFFORDABILITY Although the price of a condo varies greatly, they are generally less expensive than a townhouse, detached or semi-detached home in a comparable area. This often applies to first-time home buyers, people wishing to downsize and people moving from a rural or suburban area into a city.
DOWNSIZING Some people find downsizing from a larger home difficult as they must shed lifelong belongings. Whereas others find the need for less furniture stuff to be liberating while the ability to live in a smaller space much more efficient and convenient.
Joe Mancuso is an award winning realtor in the Toronto Area. He brings a wealth of business experience to the table from building and renovating here, to handling commercial properties in the US and producing Green Building products in Shanghai. Joe has always believed that the fundamental goal revolving around property is that it suits the clients needs and aspirations. Simply put, his best tip is "whether you spend $5 or $5 million on your home, it is essential that you are satisfied. The reality is that in the end, when all is said and done and everyone else goes home, you have to live there. It's your home, so it is important that you like it!"
I just finished reading My Startup Life by Ben Casnocha. It an interesting and enjoyable read. It’s a mix of his story and insights and learnings from along the way. The insights and learnings are in side bars, which I found distracting. I might have enjoyed the story first and then then insights second. But I think a little more detail in the story and less or no sidebars would have been better. Anyway, I’d recommend it for anyone with an entrepreneurial streak. I’d give it 3/5 for a great story, good content and an okay mixing of the two.
Spitta likened some phrases of the Toccata and Fugue in D minor to another early work, the Fugue in G minor, BWV. Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV (Bach, Johann Sebastian) . Notes, transcription toccata d minor for harmonica chromatic dedicated to Jean-Simon. Toccata and Fugue in D Minor, BWV , two-part musical composition for organ, probably written before , by Johann Sebastian Bach, known for its.
Bach probably composed the Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV , between , but no one is sure of the exact date. It's important to remember the. The BBC work page for Toccata and Fugue in D minor by Johann Sebastian Bach. Find upcoming concerts, watch performances, and learn. Find out how J.S. Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D minor has been used to terrify — and amuse — audiences.
Get a free MP3 of Johann Sebastian Bach - Toccata and Fugue in D minor, performed by Wolfgang Rubsam. 1. Toccata; 2. Fugue. All of Bach: a project by the Netherlands Bach Society. Toccata and fugue in D minor. BWV by Leo van Doeselaar.
Canton Youth Hockey Association is a non-profit youth hockey organization formed to serve the youth of Canton, Massachusetts. The program is dedicated to introducing boys and girls to ice skating and the great game of hockey. We seek to offer a competit
Delbi Coal Mining Share Company, the only commercial producer of coal in Ethiopia, plans to extract up to 30 thousand tons from now through February 8, 2012 at an open pit mining field in Delbi area of Dedo Woreda in Jimma zone, about 400Km south west of Addis Ababa.
According to sources, it eventually plans to produce 200 thousand tons of coal annually. The company has extracted and sold more than 46 thousand tons since it began operating.
Preparation for the mining project is already underway, since the company purchased 39.2sqm of land for mineral exploration in May 2008.
The open pit mining will extract Sub-Bituminous Bitumen coal. They are also looking at other potential types of coal that could be obtained by mining underground.
According to the source, the company currently produces 4000 K Cal/Kg of crude (raw) coal but has plans in the future to refine it and go as far as 5000 K Cal/Kg and above.
Even though mining has short term consequences for the environment, the company has formed a conservation and safety section to study the impacts and report the effects to the Environment and Community Development unit at the Ministry of Mines.
Delbi Coal Mining has 55 employees out of which 22 are permanent. It supplies its coal to textile factories like Turkish owned Ayka Addis. Cement factories like Mesebo and Hung Shen in Modjo city. It also supplies to Tabor Ceramics Company and Ethio Bricks Company.
There are currently 17 foreign and local companies engaged in the exploration and surveying of coal in Ethiopia, although Delbi is the only one so far that has begun producing coal commercially.
The state owned Ethiopian Metal and Engineering Corporation has plans to undertake the construction of a fertilizer manufacturing plant that could also include coal use for electricity. It is expected to open at Yayu Wereda, Illubabor zone of the Oromia Regional State 600Km west of Addis Ababa.
According to the feasibility study undertaken by the China National Complete Plant Import and Export Corporation, COMPLANT, at a cost of 12 million birr, it is estimated that there exists over 100 million tons of coal in the Yayu area and this potential reserve can provide 300,000 tons of Urea, 20,000 tons of ethanol and 90MW of electric power annually. This would cost close to 730 million dollars based on the study period, which was 2008.
According to sources at the corporation, Delbi Coal Mining Share Company was formed initially as a Private Limited Company with 100 thousand birr capital and has since changed into a Share Company and its capital reached about 60 million birr.
It currently has six individual and company shareholders with Messebo Cement Factory being the largest. Ezana mining PLC and Oromia Agro-Processing and Industrial Group are the corporate shareholders.
The Ministry of Mines has so far granted 205 licenses to over 108 companies of which 159 are exploration licenses; 111 are foreign, 41 are joint ventures, and seven are local companies.
Among the 205 licenses are also 43 mining licenses, 21 of which are foreign 16 are joint venture and six are locally owned.
In the previous fiscal year Ethiopia earned about USD 500 million of revenue from the export of minerals.
Coal consists of carbonized vegetable matter, with four levels of quality; Peat, Lignite, Bituminous and Anthracite. The highest quality is Anthracite, which is measured in calories per kilogram.
While waiting in a long line for the taxi, I began reading a thick book when I noticed people staring at me. This is likely because we are not used to seeing people read anymore. In cafes you will see people staring at their phones or endlessly stirring your tea instead of reading. You may see people reading newspapers in the morning but only sporadically. How can we get more people interested in reading when, as I argued in my column last week schools are failing to promote reading and we do not see many local leaders and celebrities doing the same? There have been some literary successes, Teddy Afro recently used a book as inspiration for one of his popular songs and a recent banned historical book caused a buzz but there hasn’t been consistent evidence of reading culture in Ethiopia. Most contemporary Ethiopian writers are not able to make a living from their publications due to falling readership. We must figure out how to solve this problem for the next generation.
In a long line waiting for a taxi I was reading a thick book. Many people both in the line and walking by the road till the cows get home were gazing at me. It is not very common to read at such places in Ethiopia as far as my knowledge is concerned. One might ask why but they wouldn’t get a satisfactory answer to such a rhetorical question.
The actual answer lies in the hearts of every one of us. It is because we are not accustomed to reading at any place which is suitable to do so.
In café’s you will see more people repeatedly stirring their tea than reading. What would it take for them to spend half the time they take stirring their tea to read?
In the morning I see people reading magazines and newspapers but only sporadically. Can we say that is a reading culture? The answer for me is a litigious yes and no. Yes because they are at least reading something as time expenditure. However, you can predict that some of them are cornered to some specific newspaper or columns or when there is an issue that concerns them. Reading newspapers and magazines occasionally does not make one an ardent reader. We cannot dare say letter readers are readers. Memo readers are not readers. The ability to read doesn’t lead to a culture of reading although it is better than being illiterate.
Where shall we start nurturing reading culture? The journey of reading should start at home and then at school. In the last society piece I wrote for Capital I stated that most schools are failing to develop a culture of reading. How many of our teachers read books other than text books? How many of our students read? How many of our writers read other literary works? Do our journalists read? Do our celebrities ? How about our leaders and politicians? Parents? Sisters? Brothers? The list goes on.
Most of us here in Ethiopia, I observe, do not have a regular reading habit except reading social media articles and columns of some periodicals.
When the late Abraham Reta Alemu, a journalist and writer best known for his huge book collection, passed away an Amharic weekly said “a living library has burnt”. Prolific writer Baalu Girma. was an avid reader and this inspired many of his protagonists.
One of Baalu’s books Oromay was widely read when it was published but it was banned immediately. Surprisingly however, people continued to read at the expense of risking their lives. Another recent book was temporarily banned which only helped increase its readership and revenueDr.Fikre Tolossa`s book about the origin of the Oromo and AmharaThe young writer, Yismaeka Worku`s as well had a lot of readers when he published his novel Dertogada which was also translated into English. All three of these examples show that people will read when given a reason but motivating them to continue reading is challenging. Other books have not seen the same success.
From another angle it has been over sixty years since the prolific writer Haddis Alemayehu published Fikr Eske Mekabir. It has many readers from its first publishing to now. But a song by the vocalist Tewodros Kassahun this year swept the shelves of book stores because he included the characters in the song. Where have these readers been? Are they reading for the sake of reading or reading for the sake of the song?
The falling number of readers has led may contemporary writers to publish only a few copies of their books.
Reading newspapers and magazines alone can`t be a pillar for a visible reading culture. Reading books that are the flavor of the day is not a reading culture. Reading a “banned” book is not an indication of the existence of reading culture.
We need to do whatever it takes to develop a reading culture in Ethiopia for the sake of the next generation.
Beautiful modern home on the west side of El Paso. Three bedrooms, two bathrooms. Formal living and dinning areas, open kitchen with island plus a second dinning area. Comes with a stove, refrigerator, dishwasher, and garbage disposal. Master bedroom with access to the backyard and pool. Huge master bath with shower, tub, and his and her sinks. Plantation shutters, sparkling pool with hot tub. Double car garage and laundry room. Rent: $1,450 Deposit: $1,300 *Pool MONTHLY Fee: $120* Medium pets only (no cats) $200 Per Pet Fee (one time fee) Application Fee: $35 Available the second week of December! Give us a call today for more details (915)633-6166
Meet Bisexual Women is the Bisexual Meeting Site for Bisexual Women, Bi sexual Females, Bisexual Couples Dating Online. Meet and Date Bisexual Women in Local Area Now.
Bi Dating at BiCupid. com. The world's first, largest, secure and most effective dating site for bisexual, bicurious singles and bi couples. Our site is designed just for bisexual, bicurious individuals and bi
Top 10 Bisexual Dating Sites (2018) It is a womens dating site and is a totally free site offering safety and privacy to its members, operated by women. All the members on the site are verified, so you can safely make friends and share your experiences on the site. In order to register as a free member, you have to complete the profile
watching your videos for years now! you are so hot! it would be a pleasure to meet you in real and taste your wonderful little pussy and give you all the pleasure you want!
All images found on this site are licensed under a Creative Commons 3.0 US License. If you use images from this site, please cite capl@washjeff.edu as your source.
The vehicle makes and models sold by Cox Mazda and their price quote ranges may vary. New and used cars sold at this Cox Mazda dealership may be manufactured by one or more of the following car companies: Acura, Audi, BMW, Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, Chrysler, Dodge, Fiat, Ford, General Motors, GMC, Honda, Hyundai, Infiniti, Jaguar, Jeep, Kia, Land Rover, Lexus, Maserati, Mazda, Mercedes-Benz, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Porsche, Ram, Saab, Subaru, Suzuki, Tesla, Toyota, Volkswagen, or Volvo. Some automobile dealerships offer additional services such as on-site repair shops, roadside assistance, car insurance, and financing options.
Cox Mazda hours of operation may also change. For more details, reach this Palmetto Car Dealership Cox Mazda directly at the address or phone number mentioned. There are 19 other dealers, brokers, car lots, or showrooms within the vicinity of Palmetto.
All brand names used on this website other than Car-Inc.com, are used without any claim to the trademark, copyright, special relationship and/or other rights of the owners of such names.
This combination of caramel and toasted almonds, enrobed in mellow milk chocolate, was tasty and chewable.
You can view more candy from the Nuts and Chews (One pound box) assortment here: Complete List or Clickable Box Photo
Text and images Copyright © 2006 Jefferson Scher. All Rights Reserved. See’s is a registered trademark of See’s Candy Shops, Inc. This independent site is not affiliated with or sponsored by See’s. To locate a store or order online, visit the See’s web site at http://www.sees.com/.
Are you cooking Indian cuisine in the snowy lands of Canada? If you're looking for traditional cooking here, you won't find it. If you're looking for delicious, healthy Indian recipes, you might...
We’re off to visit our friends to meet their granddaughter this afternoon, and they are ‘gluten aware’. There is some argument over the gluten levels in oatmeal, as some brands have less levels than others. If you are gluten aware, or intolerant, you’ve probably done your research into oatmeal, and know which brands to buy. Regardless of gluten, this recipe for cardamom bliss peach crumble is so divine, you won’t care about such earthly matters.
4 cups peaches, cut into pieces (I buy a case of ripe orchard peaches every summer, and freeze them with a little sugar and vitamin C. They are spectacular!)
Arrange peaches in a pretty baking pan. Sprinkle the cornstarch and sugar over them, and stir gently to mix into the liquid from the cut peaches.
In a separate bowl, mix all of the above ingredients, but leave the butter on top. Microwave for a minute or so, till the butter has melted. Stir well, and spoon the crumble evenly over the peaches.
Served with a bit of icecream, this recipe for cardamom bliss peach crumble will float you around the room and up to heaven. When you’ve come back to earth, you can congratulate yourself for having a low gluten healthy, vitamin filled dessert!
I selected this post to be featured on indian food blogs. Please visit the site and vote for my blog!
I've just discovered the joys of cardamom and am on the look out for new foods to pair it with. I'll bet the vitamin C really makes the natural flavour of the peaches 'pop'. I've never heard of doing that before but I can't wait to try it!
Cardamom is most wonderful. Be sure to buy the kind in green pods, and not the white pods, which lack flavour. The vitamin c is to prevent discolouring, but it also adds a bit of zing.
Kolbe tests give comprehensive reports to discuss with others and use in Career Makers three step successful career processes. We use these insight products with all our Career Maker clients, teams and companies for the last 9 years.
The Kolbe A Index measures a person’s instinctive method of operation (MO), and identifies the ways he or she will be most productive. It need only be taken once, since these innate abilities do not change over time.
The Kolbe B Index measures an individual’s expectations of how he or she should perform in a current job. Comparing a Kolbe B Index result with an A Index result yields insights into how to leverage instinctive talents at work.
But I’m still not sure if I understand the concept of alignment well enough. Can you tell me more about it?
The process of alignment with the company and customer to obtain the maximum value addition and growth, entails the management of three important factors:
The “personal passions” of the individual. This refers to interests, skills and aptitudes of the individual at the time of recruitment.
The “company’s business needs” are to create wealth for all its stakeholders and to grow and develop its team members and employees to their maximum potential.
The “customers and their expectations” which in general are to obtain reliable and cost-effective products and services in order to satisfy the needs of the customer’s customers. Satisfying these expectations constitute the challenge and opportunity for our company to build our business.
The ideal is to strive to maximize the area of overlap of the customer, your company, and the individual.
The individual employee brings talents, knowledge and skills into the company. The customer has a need for products and services. The company has systems and processes in place directed at bringing its products and services to the customer.
With an increased communication of yourself, your team and the company, you can identify what value you can add in achieving the company’s goals and objectives and what changes you need to make in order to be most effective in your job.
The company exists because of customer needs. The individual contributes talents, knowledge and skills to the system and processes of the company. The main focus of business is the arena of overlap between the individual, the company and the customer.
In order to align ourselves with the company and customers, each of us has to look into our behavioral patterns, response models, values and drivers. This will become clearer as we proceed.
"Roughly 3 weeks ago I was in a terrible place. I was frustrated, full of fear, had run out of options, and felt I had nowhere
left to go - a really BAD space. Unre, within 6 hours, kickstarted a process of turning this completely around - through what
I like to think of as an "intervention" of sorts - solid situation coaching and making me aware of options I didn't even know
existed. 3 weeks on, and my life has literally taken a 180-degree turn for the better, I feel relaxed, in control of my life again,
confident and full of positive energy. The journey has just begun - here's to my coach, mentor and councillor - thanks Unre!"
This is a 9-month, tenure track position, 40% extension (Florida Cooperative Extension Service) and 60% research (Florida Agricultural Experiment Station) in the Agricultural and Biological Engineering Department (ABE), Institute of Food and Sciences (IFAS) at the University of Florida. This position will work closely with existing precision agriculture and water management faculty as well as faculty in the Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering, and other departments in IFAS such as Horticultural Sciences and Agronomy. This position will address application and development of water management technologies, water-use efficiency and evaluation and use of alternative water supplies for irrigated agriculture. Research should ultimately consider long-term water resource and agricultural sustainability, considering the balance between environmental impacts and Best Management Practices (BMPs). The position will consider agricultural water management at a systems level that includes spatial and temporal analysis and evaluation of water demand and supply. Topics will likely include evaluation of precision irrigation for crop production, impacts on downstream resources and users, water quality and efficient resource utilization as well as alternative sources of water for irrigation.
The candidate should have a strong background in irrigation/drainage engineering, agricultural water management and mathematical modeling and a demonstrated interest in conducting research that will enhance Florida agriculture in the face of land use change and ongoing impacts to natural resources. This assignment may change in accordance with the needs of the unit.
The candidate will also develop a scholarly extension program with measurable impacts on water conservation, irrigation, water quality and related issues as they become relevant. Various educational methods will be used to deliver these programs to county agents, growers, consultants agribusiness personnel and decision makers. The candidate will work with state and county faculty by providing information, educational materials, trainings and workshops to diverse stakeholders.
The faculty member in this position will be responsible for building an internationally recognized, extramurally funded program in precision water management that will address agricultural needs in Florida and locations globally such as managing irrigation at the sub-field scale to address environmental concerns while maintaining profitability. In addition, this faculty member will bring analysis techniques to a variety of precision data sources to understand and manage variability at the field and watershed scale.
The candidate will serve on graduate committees, supervise graduate research and publish research and extension results with students. The incumbent will actively seek contract and grant funding to support their program. Because of the IFAS land-grant mission, all faculty are expected to be supportive of and engaged in all three mission areas - Research, Teaching and Extension - regardless of the assignment split specified in the position description.
The faculty member in this position will have the opportunity to collaborate with other faculty and research partners, creating synergy both inside and outside of the University of Florida. The candidate will be also expected to participate in all activities of departmental academic life such as research groups, mentorship of undergraduate and graduate students, and academic service activities; and work closely with other faculty in IFAS, the College of Engineering, the Emerging Pathogens Institute, the UF Water Institute, Florida Climate Institute and Institute for Sustainable Food Systems.
Required: This position requires a Ph.D. (foreign equivalent acceptable) in Agricultural, Civil, or Environmental Engineering, Hydrology, Soil and Water Science or a closely-related field. The candidate is required to have an understanding of water management, hydrology and precision agricultural technologies related to water management. The candidate must have the ability to conduct applied research and extension education programs related to precision water management, and the ability and willingness to disseminate results to clientele. Candidates should have demonstrated skills in verbal and written communication, interpersonal relationships and procurement of extramural funding. Candidates must be supportive of the mission of the Land-Grant system. Candidates must also have a commitment to IFAS core values of excellence, diversity, global involvement and accountability.
Preferred: Expertise in precision water management such as knowledge and expertise in new technologies, use of different data sources and data visualization and/or modeling to translate and interpret large and complex agricultural-related data sets. Postdoctoral experience and a clearly established publication record in areas related to this position, is preferred. Previous research and/or extension experience working collaboratively across disciplines is also desirable.
Questions regarding the position may be directed to: Dr. Michael Dukes, Telephone: 352-294-6720; Facsimile: 352-392-4092, or email at mddukes@.ufl.edu
We are looking for a private driver with following requiremnts: Valid Light vehicle driving licen... Kuwait
General Responsibilities Hertz, an industry leader is seeking high-charged, high-energy, team drive... Saudi Arabia
Job Description The car driver will perform the necessary inspection and maintenance of every car b... UAE Abdu Dhabi
Would you like to work as a Bus Driver here in Malta? Our client is looking to employ experienced dr... UAE Dubai
Responsibilities: Your role will be to deliver food to customers on a Motorcycle or Car. Benefit... UAE Dubai
A reputed limousine company based in Dubai are seeking experienced limo drivers to join there compan... UAE Dubai
Looking for a transport supervisor having more than 2 years of experience in transportation sector.... UAE Dubai
1.LADIES ONLY PLEASE 2.holder of UAE license 3.With UAE experience Can work at home since ther... UAE
We are looking for driver (transferable residence) with heavy vehicle license. He can join immedi... UAE Umm al-Quwain
This is a placeholder page for Scott Paul, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Scott Paul.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Scott Paul. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Scott Paul. We created this page automatically in hopes Scott Paul would find it. If you are not Scott Paul, but are an alumni of Caribou High School Caribou, ME, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Caribou High School	of Caribou, Maine
Samsara is a 2011 non-narrative documentary film, directed by Ron Fricke and produced by Mark Magidson, who also collaborated on Baraka (1992) Nov 22, 2016 . 'Back to Samsara' is a collection of unreleased chillout gems, produced by Vitaly Bochkov in past ten years and carefully selected Sep 5, 2012 In the 1970s, "Samsara" would have been known as a head trip. The critic Matt Zoller Seitz calls it "a trance movie." For Fricke and his producer. Find a Various - Samsara first pressing or reissue. Complete your Various collection. Shop Vinyl
Bernadette Soubirous was a girl of fourteen when, on 11 February 1858, an apparition of the Virgin Mary appeared to her as she was out walking with her sister and a friend. The lady appeared again; on one occasion a small spring began to flow after she told Bernadette to dig in the mud. This water was seen to have healing properties and Lourdes has become a famous destination for prayer and healing.
When I was fourteen I joined a school trip to Lourdes, organised by the Servite nuns from the convent school I attended. It was summer, but Sister Alban, the headmistress, gave us a dispensation from wearing our regulation (awful) straw hats and issued us with a navy beret apiece. It still didn’t make us look French.
In those days, only children from orphanages in France wore a uniform so when we helped out in the large refectory, serving pilgrims, they thought we were poor English orphans. The nuns told us this but I don’t know if they told the French we weren’t – maybe they gave orphans bigger portions so the sisters decided to keep quiet. Anyway, we threw ourselves into it and even submerged ourselves in the healing baths. I don’t remember much more about it, except that we bought tasteful plastic containers and filled them full of the water to take back home to give to the mums and aunties.
I was reminded of my trip when I read a message from Patricia Cota-Robles on www.eraofpeace.org. Her followers have collected Healing Waters from all over the world, including, of course, Lourdes, to create a Sacred Blend of Healing Water. She is offering a small vial of starter water to anyone who contacts her. The starter water needs to be activated so the vial comes with instructions on how to do this.
As you can imagine, I was only too happy to receive this gift (Patricia sends it free but donations are welcome).
In ‘Squaring Circles’ a healing circle produces an elixir of life which has the remarkable effect of turning back Pandora’s biological clock. I’m not saying that the Sacred Blend will do that for me, but I’m slightly excited about taking it and wondering if my bikini body may be on its way back from the grave.
Whatever we expect from our Healing Water, the great thing is that now everyone can have their very own supply without having to leave the country or take part in a pagan ritual!
Spice & Entice in and out of the kitchen in one of Carolyn's Kitchen saucy apron sets. No housewife will feel desperate with these glamour girl, vintage-inspired apron and matching glove sets. Gift-giving has never been more fun for hostess gifts, bridal showers, holidays or for simply indulging yourself. just because! Designed and produced exclusively by Carolyn West in Los Angeles, California, Carolyn's Kitchen aprons and glove sets are fun, sexy and all about feeling glamorous. Carolyn's.
This item was published for sale online by Manhattanite on March 9, 2016 11:46 am and last updated by us October 31, 2016 12:51 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Carolyns Kitchen designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Carolyns Kitchen Lemony Lime Apron | Protective Garment And Clothing fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Manhattanite Online Store.
Plan your budget accordingly so that you don't get your hopes too high or settle for less than you deserve. That is, plan your budget based on what you can afford. If a half-million dollar home is in your dreams, make sure you can finance it - visit your accountant and bank manager beforehand so you know what budget you can realistically work with.
These are four important tips that can help you choose the best designer for your specific needs, no matter what you are looking for. Take the time to find a designer that specialises in modern home plans so that you can get the home of your dreams. Don't settle for second best or choose a designer at random because there are a lot of highly qualified professionals out there waiting to offer you modern home plans if you take the time to look.
When you are searching for a designer, search for one that is local to the area where you want your home built. Typically, local designers will have a better knowledge of the region, the laws, and the other issues surrounding your new house building project.
The basic idea behind the ranch style is that the major room areas in the house flow one into the other, rather than being small divided-up spaces as in other architectural styles. The access from the attached garage flows into the kitchen, to the dining area, to the living area, and to the bedrooms. The feeling of a ranch style house is one of openness and sweeping - sweeping vistas of the out-of-doors through picture windows and sliding glass panels, which open onto patios or porches where much summer living takes place.
The main advantage of chemical bleaching creams is that they give results within a very short time. If the mixture is too runny you need only stir a bit longer. Wakame helps prevent sagging by increasing skin firmness.
It works on many things including lightening your entire face and body, lightening dark circles under your eyes, lightening and evening out any dark marks, scars, shaving razor bump scars, blemishes or hyper pigmentation on your skin. A clinical study showed that 89% of females had noticeable improvement of sun damage in mere 4 weeks. In this era of scientific advancement and progress in cosmetology, you can get a variety of creams to deal with different skin problems.
Enjoy watching real footage of hot incest sex, submitted by fathers and daughters from all over the world!
Daddy�s Cock Lovers is a very unique incest porn site. It features shockingly addictive footage of real fathers having incestuous relationships with their own daughters. These guys and sometimes their daughters, film all the amazing acts of incest on camera and send it to us to share and to make a few extra bucks at time. We don�t mind paying for this kind of incest porn at all, because it allows us to show you the good stuff! Join Daddy�s Cock Lovers right now and download incest porn videos featuring hardcore father and daughter incest sex action!
Her daddy is not in a particularly good mood today. He woke up angry, yelled at everybody and then he saw his beautiful young daughter in the kitchen. His dick gets hard and she knows what that means, when daddy is like that. Her sweet, pink, 18 years old pussy is going to get filled with her father�s big cock and a big load of warm sperm! CLICK HERE to get the full version now!
She knows damn well how to please her father! You see, her dad is a sucker for his teenage daughter�s pussy and mouth and by sucking off his cock and letting him fuck her holes all he wants, she can persuade him to do or buy her anything she wants. Watch this crazy daughter seduce her father and take a big facial cumshot from him, again! CLICK HERE to get the full version now!
This teenage babe is a horny little slut. She loves to fuck and she loves to fuck real men. But real men are hard to find so she seduces the love of her life, her own dad. That sick motherfucker loves the idea of sticking his cock into his daughter�s pussy doggy style so he fucks her properly, making her scream as she cums for her daddy! CLICK HERE to get the full version now!
Four days ago, as evening turned to night, my throat started to hurt something fierce. Before going to bed, I opened my mouth and looked in the mirror. A giant ring of red outlined my throat and tonsils. (On that note, I'm really not sure why I never had my tonsils taken out as a child - I had tonsillitis and strep throat more than any other kid in my school). Yup, I was sick.
I woke up the next morning feeling even worse. I canceled lunch with a friend I haven't seen since right before my surgery, and made my way to Walgreens for your standard over-the-counter medications. Now, my neighborhood is pretty kick ass because I was able to pick up my meds *and* hit up Trader Joe's for some chicken to make up a pot of chicken soup.
I don't want to brag or anything (okay, yes I do), but I'm pretty good at making all kinds of soup. In fact, it's a not-so-secret dream of mine to one day open a soup truck. So, back home I took medicine and got to work on what Alan has deemed one of the best soups I have ever made.
First, you need to cook up your wild rice. This takes quite a long time, as far as rice goes, so that's the first thing you want to get started on. And I implore you, do not, whatever you do, spill the pot of boiling rice all over yourself, bathing your hysterectomy incision in a fiery hell of your own making. Trust me, no one wins in that situation.
After you've cleaned up your mess - water everywhere and rice all over the floor - it's time to get started on the actual soup. Like many hearty soup recipes, this one starts with a mirepoix, a mixture of chopped celery, onions, and carrots. I also add garlic and fresh herbs when I have them on hand. In this case, it was trusty thyme. Goodness I love thyme in all sorts of recipes.
Once you've got your mirepoix ready to go, it's time to sauté everything in a dutch oven over medium heat. You can use either butter or olive oil - I used olive oil in an effort to keep down the overall fat content since I'd be adding cream and milk later. While your mirepoix is cooking, cut your chicken breasts into small bite size chunks and toss them in with the mirepoix to cook. (I had considered buying a whole chicken, roasting it, and then throwing roasted chicken in with the soup but that seemed like too much effort in my sickness - maybe next time.)
After the chicken has started to turn white, throw in a carton of chicken stock, add in the wild rice, reduce heat, and simmer for 35 minutes.
When your stove's timer goes off (the timer on the stove in our rental is the worst timer in the history of stoves; it is so mean and judgy), add in 1/2 carton more of chicken stock, 1/2 cup of heavy cream, and 1/2 cup of milk. Let this cook for another 20 minutes.
At this point, the soup's flavor profile was nearly perfect but it wasn't quite thick enough for my liking. I whipped up a quick batch of slurry, tossed it in, stirred, and waited a couple of minutes more for the soup to thicken to my desired consistency.
As always, my measurements are not an exact science, but rather a guideline. Also, most of my meals serve two with leftovers for my lunch. We each had two bowls for dinner, and then I had a bowl the next day for lunch. These measurements could likely serve a family of four skinny people.
The reason that you never had your tonsils removed was because your doctor at the time didn't believe in it. In hindsight, I wish that I would have insisted. Your soup looks and sounds fantastic. I know that I'll be making it soon.
Yes, I knocked boiling water and rice all over the floor at the beginning of the process. I cleaned up the mess and started the rice over so that when I added it into the soup it had already cooked according to the instructions. I cannot be held responsible of you throw raw wild rice into your soup mixture and it doesn't cook.
Welcome to casacaudill - I'm Becky and the handsome man to my left is my husband of 12 years, Alan. We are shamelessly and ruthlessly ruled by our 14-year-old Himalayan, Dakota. We live in Oakland, CA, and we both work in technology. When people ask us what our hobbies are, we often wonder if eating & drinking qualifies, since we're quite adept at both. I fancy myself a pretty decent cook and Alan is an excellent sous chef and dishwasher. Zinfandel is our drink of choice, but we've also never met a whiskey or bourbon we didn't like. My greatest passions in life are reading and traveling and my favorite places on earth are Hanalei, Kauai, County Kerry, Ireland, Islay, Scotland, and Tofino, British Columbia. If you want to know more, drop me a line at becky@casacaudill.com.
Whoever said maintaining red hair is super hard was not exaggerating. I've had red hair before - for over a year. Every 8 weeks I'...
Well folks, things aren't looking so great for my sweet baby meeps. At nearly 16 years old, it seems that Dakota has reached the downwar...
Last night after work I was bored so I ran to Home Depot to pick up some "lighter, more gray" paint samples at Alan's request ...
I've spent the last couple of days getting caught up on my Google Reader and that's meant reading a lot of food bloggers talk about ...
It's been awhile since we last visited Washington D.C., especially since several of our good friends live in the immediate vicinity. A c...
Scottish Routes just completed its first four-day whisky tour to Islay for the 2015 season, so in honor of that trip, I thought I'd post...
This was our first full day in Edinburgh and true to form, we packed a lot in. After a pretty restless night of sleep (there was a bar a f...
ARCHIVE April (5) March (8) February (3) January (6) December (13) November (11) October (13) September (19) August (13) July (9) June (16) May (1) April (6) March (5) February (4) January (7) December (6) November (3) October (7) September (14) August (13) July (6) June (4) May (6) April (5) March (9) February (5) January (13) December (15) November (10) October (12) September (16) August (15) July (10) June (11) May (18) April (24) March (22) February (18) January (16) December (27) November (24) October (31) September (18) August (21) July (18) June (14) May (12) April (12) March (18) February (21) January (13)
Hello crossword lovers! This time we are going to solve the term Merlin Olsen's alma mater from the Wall Street Journal Crossword. The term Merlin Olsen's alma mater can mean many different things. After some research we have found the solution for the Wall Street Journal Crossword Answer. If you scroll down the page, choose the number of letters for the Merlin Olsen's alma mater term, and then you will find the correct answer.
7:00 PM is a level II-III physical class following the Yang to Yin Solar~lunar cycle that re-connects bodies to their Spirit, to their heart, and to the earth. In linking muscle and bone to intention through asana and the subtle body layers of Pranayama, mudra and chant, we open. As in all classes, participation is at your level. All are welcome!
The query for: Wild guess crossword clue has 1 possible solution according to our database. Please make sure to cross-check all the possible solutions given on our site because its a well known fact that same crosswords might have different answers.
In case something is wrong or missing kindly let us know by commenting below and one of our staff members will be more than happy to assist you. If you have already solved this crossword clue and are looking to go back on the homepage you can do so by clicking here!
Daily Deals on Products that I love and enjoy using! I would love to share them with you! Check us out daily for our new deals.
This story does not correspond with any real event and all characters and names are fictional. If any reverences relate to real events or people, please consider totally coincidental. Do not change but readers may distribute to others sites and use for personal use but do not change the story in any way.
Chantal is a 15 year old girl who loves with her mom, Christine, in a two bedroom flat after her dad died in a parachute accident has a deep interest in nappies who spends the majority of her summer holidays in them, as well as using them to the full intention. However she takes advantage to the pleasure of staying in control and starts to lose all of her bodily functions which include peeing, pooping and suckling. Will it work out?
Chantal was ready for her nappies. There they where waiting for her on her bed ready to be taped across her powdered fanny and butt and to be used for their purpose. Her mom sent her a text saying that she is probably going to be working late and Chantal saw this as a risky chance to have one of the precious moments with her nappies and baby items she has not been able to use since the summer and she had started school.
Chantal was a beautiful curvy brunette standing at just 5'2" at age 15. She was quite popular in school but often stayed in at night to go on nappy sites. Since Chantal had a lot of time over the summer, she often had a nappy on under her shorts while in house when her mom was at work. She would do everything in the nappies and then change a couple of hours later. When her mom came home, she took off the nappies so her mom wouldn't know her secret she had been keeping from her for the last 3 years.
Chantal could buy two packs of nappies from the internet, and she made the most of them. She literary spent all of her allowance on nappies.
However a problem arose on the first day of school. Since it was the first day, Chantal made the effort not to wear a nappy to bed as she knew her mom would come in. Usually Chantal would have a wet nappy in the morning after learning to bed wet but forgot that it also would be the case without the nappy.
"Shit, Mom will kill me" Chantal thought as she felt the warm wetness spreading around her, soaking her sleepers and sticking to her skin.
The smell of pee quickly filled the room. Chantal quickly got out of bed and went to the window and opened it to let the smell out. She quickly took off her now cold sleepers and got a dirty towel to try and soak up the pee in the mattress.
Her mom now came in for Chantal's wake up call, unaware she has had an unwelcome one already. She opened the door to find her naked daughter scrubbing a wet spot on her bed. She knows all to well what has happened as she used to work on the children's ward in the local hospital. She is now a freelance (in other words a temp) teacher in primary school teaching kids with learning difficulties and finds the job more rewarding then any other. She sympathizes with Chantal and takes over drying the bed. She tells Chantal to get showered and dressed and breakfast will be ready shortly.
Chantal got a shower and then dressed in her uniform and went downstairs to have her breakfast. Not a word was said by either one of them about the bed wetting. Chantal didn't want to talk about it, afraid of giving away the reason of her bedwetting away and her mom didn't want to bring it up until Chantal was ready, or if it was necessary to do so.
Chantal set off to school on an uneventful morning. She was so bored and found herself missing her nappies. She starts thinking of her nappies while having a lecture on a science biology based subject of some sort. All of a sudden, she awoke from her daydream to laughter and pointing. Also chants of 'She's wet herself' or 'where is your nappies baby' and then realized she has wet herself. Chantal was mortified. Now, she had regretted in not buying any pull-ups for school, but never once regretted the nappies over the summer taking her continence away. She loved it, the losing control turned her on and it excited her. She just wished it wasn't on show, being so humiliated. A nappy was her way of keeping her secret while doing what she loved best.
The teacher sends her off to the school nurse who was not surprised at Chantal's predicament. As a school nurse, she has seen her own share of wet trousers and learned not to be shocked at even the most extreme situations. The nurse got Chantal a fresh pair of trousers and panties and began to call the mother. Her mother was upset that her daughter may have an infection and was worried that it could be more serious then it appeared.
"I'll be there as soon as possible." Since she was at a school of learning difficulties, the end of the school day was at each dinner time, so she was able to come and get her within 10 minutes. Before she set off, she made a phone call to their family doctor to book an appointment for Chantal. Luckily she was able to get an appointment in an hour after a cancellation.
"Thanks a lot Dr. Travis, we'll be there" Christine told the receptionist of the practice. Christine got into her car and then drove to the school to collect Chantal. When she got there she went straight to the nurse and had a 5 minute talk about Chantal and how the panty wetting was nothing to worry about.
Christine wasn't too sure the nurse was right because of the bedwetting. Christine never told the nurse of the morning incident and assumed it was best if she didn't. She would tell the family doctor but not anything that the school can get hold of.
The ride was a silent one. Neither Christine nor Chantal spoke a word. To make it worst, the radio was bust so the atmosphere was awkward and tense in the extra silence. Chantal dazed out of the window. She was scared that the doctor may figure out that Chantal has lost her continence, and maybe by doctoral instinct, figures out why. The chance of that happening was next to nothing, but it didn't calm her nerves.
They got into the doctors practice and was told to wait until the doctor was finished with the current patient. They didn't have to wait long to be seen to. The receptionist calls for them to tell them that the doctor is ready for them. They went to the door and entered to be greeted by the doctor.
"It's my daughter, she has had some bladder problems lately, just want to check it wasn't an infection that's all" Christine replied.
"Ok, then let me have a look" the doctor said while patting the waterproof bed for examining, indicating Chantal to jump on it. Chantal jumped up and unbuttoned the schools trousers and her panties and pushed them down to her knees. She wasn't embarrassed about this as her mom had seen naked many times and the doctor was a doctor and Chantal knew she wouldn't take advantage of her in any way. The doctor put on some surgical rubber gloves and then poked around Chantal's groin area.
After examining the groin for some time, the doctor told Chantal to redress and sit down. Chantal sat down after she buttoned up her trousers and the doctor proceeded to tell what she found. Or in this case what she never found.
"By as far as I can tell, there is nothing wrong with Chantal. The only reasons of the bedwetting I can say are that it is psychological. The more common reason is stress which can be the source of family troubles, school problems or insecurity."
Chantal left relieved, but could all but think of her nappies and how close the doctor come to the truth about Chantal. Christine drove her daughter home and made dinner. Chantal sat in the living room and then Christine decided that it was time to bring it up.
In truth this wasn't a lie as she never considered her nappy obsession as a problem. She loved her nappies and she has never had such an urge to wear a nappy as she did now.
Christine didn't blame her. Today must have been exhausting for Chantal. In fact, she was going to take a little siesta herself. She went upstairs and walked past Chantal's room. She heard shuffling. She thought this as odd because she thought she was going to bed, but that didn't seem to be the case. Instead of going to her room, she decided to see if she was alright, and opened the door slightly, enough to see what was going on.
What she saw was a shock to her. There was Chantal on the bed, naked with a powdered groin and something that looked like a cushion under her bum. It took her a while to notice it was an incontinence pad, or in other words, an adult nappy.
"What on earth is going on here?" Christine said, loud enough to make Chantal to jump out of her own skin.
Chantal was in shock and froze, so her mom could see all of her supplies before Chantal could even think of trying to cover them. On the bed were her baby bottles, bibs, dummies (pacifiers in America ) and her baby sleeper. Christine shut the door and then went back downstairs. She sat on the sofa and went into a deep trance. She was soon awakened by her daughter wrapped covered in a towel. Now Christine was out of the trance, the day made a lot more sense.
"Oh, and do you use them?" Christine said and without waiting for an answer, she answered for Chantal.
"Mum, I'm sorry I didn't come to you, but understand, this isn't normal and I thought you may hate me for it."
"I don't hate you sweetheart, I will always love you but this is big. Go upstairs; I need to think about this."
Chantal went up the stairs, crying. This is the only time ever that she has ever felt guilty over her nappies.
Chantal never went downstairs that night except to get a snack and she was careful not to disturb her mother who was still sitting on the sofa staring at the wall in total darkness. Chantal went upstairs with her snack and went to her bedroom and put on a nappy to prevent the bed getting wet from an almost certain bedwetting incident. Neither of them spoke to each other that night.
The next morning, Christine came into the room and woke Chantal up, who after an exhausting day slept through her alarm. She pulled back Chantal's covers and looked at the obvious bulge underneath the sleeper that she ahs put on a nappy for the night. Christine shakes Chantal up, waking her, and Chantal pulls her covers back up her to hide the hopefully not too obvious bulge in her sleepers. Christine sits on the bed.
"Honey, I have thought about it, and I will do anything for you and stand by your decisions. Do you want to wear nappies all the time?"
Christine looks momentarily on the floor and can see a rather large baby bottle protruding from under the bed.
"But understand if you choose to wear nappies, there will be conditions that will have to be followed. I will not tell you these conditions, but you have to think if nappies are something you want, will you put up with the consequences that follow? I want an answer by the end of breakfast."
Chantal thought hard. How bad could it be, I love nappies, and nothing can stop me from wearing nappies. But what if I have to wear them in public, can I cope with that? This was the main question in Chantal's mind, but in the end she decides on the answer. She goes downstairs, and sits at the table in her wet nappy and sleepers.
"By the way, my answer is that I want to wear the nappies. Nothing can stop me from wearing them and I'll never stop wearing them" Chantal said before even touching her breakfast.
"Are you sure? If not say now because as soon as I get through the rules, you will not be able to break them, or you could lose your nappies forever. Never n this house will you be able to wear them again."
Chantal started eating her breakfast. Her breakfast consisted of a bowl of porridge and 2 pieces of toast with a fine cup of tea to brighten the day.
"Ok, here are the rules" Christine said while Chantal had a mouthful of porridge. Christine handed over a piece of paper titled rules. Chantal started to read the rules.
- You will be my baby and the spare room will be turned into a nursery which will have the relevant furniture and equipment.
- All rules will be followed. If any rules are found to be broken, you will lose your nappies forever.
"You will have to sign at the bottom if you agree to these rules" Christine said while holding a pen in front of Chantal. Chantal took the pen and signed the rules.
"Ok then Mrs. Potty Pants, lets get you changed" Christine said talking in a baby voice. She took Chantal's hand and pulled her up to her bedroom.
Chantal pointed to her bed which had a large box underneath where she kept her most favorite stuff. In it was baby powder, baby oil, nappies, plastic panties, cloth nappies, nappy pins, dummies, rattle, baby bottles and a few fisher price toys.
Chantal thought this to be strange being treated like this, but it was a good strange. Already she felt more loved then any baby out there. Christine was the same. She too felt the strangeness in talking to her daughter in a babyish voice but thought this was going to be. Now she is gladder then ever to be involved in this with Chantal. A new bond was formed.
Christine proceeded to unzip the sleeper that was on Chantal and exposed her very wet nappies for the very first time.
"Someone is very wet today" Christine said while getting the supplies ready. She took out a disposable nappy, baby powder, baby oil, wipes and a dummy. She popped the dummy into Chantal's mouth which she instantly suckled on. Christine untaped the nappy and proceeded to wipe clean the nappy area. The smell of stale urine filled the room but neither one winced at the smell. Both were quite used to it as Christine who was a nurse changing bed pans or wet beds, and a teacher who dealt with children who wet their pants once in a while and Chantal who has worn nappies for about 3 years and often changed wet nappies and some of her messy nappies as well.
After Christine wiped Chantal clean, she noticed a slight soreness in her crack of the bottom and noticed the tell tale signs of a nappy rash, so she got some Vaseline from the bathroom. She came back and applied the Vaseline on liberally all over the nappy area.
As soon as Chantal was 'pampered', she was dressed in a t-shirt and a pair of dungarees to keep the baby status but not too babyish as she will be going out in public today. Christine is going to hand in the notice so she can spend her whole time with Chantal and treat her as a baby, and maybe even start home-schooling her. She took Chantal downstairs into the living room and put cartoons on the television. Meanwhile, while Chantal was watching the TV, Christine rings up work and asks for her boss, Mr. Travis.
"Hi, it's Christine; I'm calling to let you know I will only be coming in today to hand in my notice. Please don't ask for a reason because it is very personal and I just need to know that you'll support my decision."
After the phone call, she phoned Chantal's school and told that she would not be in today and she would like to speak with the Head Master of the school. She got an appointment for that afternoon and would keep perfect timing for her visit to her own boss.
Half an hour later, Christine got Chantal and put her in the back of the car. She got into the drivers seat, started the engine, turned on the radio and moved off towards her workplace. She got her daughter out of the care and headed towards her boss's office and knocked.
As soon as the details were sorted out and Christine got her last payment, then quit, she headed straight to the school to arrange for Chantal to be home schooled from now on. This was fairly simple as Christine was a registered teacher and was able to take Chantal out of school.
All that was done and Christine and Chantal went back to the car. Chantal had wet her nappy while in the Head Master's office and her mom knew it. She saw the relief in her daughters face.
Chantal nodded and sat in the car. A few people later, she noticed that they were going onto the motorway and wondered where her mom was going. What she didn't know was that Christine went on the internet the previous night and looked at Chantal's internet history and checked each site. On a number of sites, she often saw the same link selling AB clothing and furniture. After seeing this advertisement about 10 times on as many sites, she decided to look at the site and noticed it is in the neighboring village to Hull called Hedon.
Christine eventually pulled over to a driveway suitable for 3 or 4 cars and then got out of the car. Chantal still had no idea were they were and why. Christine went to the front door and knocked, and a maid opened up shortly afterwards in a rubber maid suit. Chantal started to get a bit nervous. Something about her looked funny even smelt funny. She soon realized she had a nappy on which she has pooped in to the full capacity, but she didn't seem phased that people knew what she had done and what she had on. She instantly had a crush on her, even though she never had a crush on a girl before. The way she dressed and how it didn't bother her turned her on. How she wanted to be the one to change her.
They went to a room and met a woman who was dressed in skin tight latex with her breasts showing, bright red lipstick and a big leather whip. She greeted her mom with a nice sensuous wet French kiss, which to Chantal's surprise she accepted and replied, and surprised her more by the mistress coming to Chantal and kissing her the same way with the fondling of the nappy.
"I love kissing pampered girls, especially when they are wet pampered girls. Seems to have more taste" the mistress said and smiled at Chantal's blushing.
They went into a large room which was decorated in a pastel green colour, and Chantal was struck with excitement as she saw her dream come true. AB Crib, AB changing table, AB nappy pail and everything an AB could need. Christine had a through look at all the items in the room and ended up buying nearly everything. They were 3 highchairs, 2 cribs, a changing table, nappy pails, 4 adult sized dummies, 10 cloth nappies, 3 plastic panties, 30 nappy pins, playpen, 4 adult sized baby bottles, 2 baby mobiles and 10 boxes of 80 adult nappies with baby prints, which she ordered and will get the same each month to her door. Chantal loved all the items, and the maid with the messy nappy came to join them.
Chantal also needed to wet again and did, and revealed a very puffy bottom under her dungarees and Mistress noticed this.
They headed to the changing table on display and Mistress got 2 disposable nappies and baby wipes with powder. Chantal watched in awe as the maid prepared to be changed. Mistress first untaped her messy nappy and the smell intensified. Mistress didn't seem to mind. She got the wipes and proceeded to wipe the maids butt and vagina until it was cleaned. She got the baby powder and wiped it into her skin, paying more time on her vagina. Maid seemed to enjoy this and cooed at the attention. Soon she was nappied and she got off the table.
Chantal was shocked that the woman would change her. She soon realized that her dungarees were on the floor after Mistress unhooked them and then patted the table. Chantal got on ready for her change. Chantal didn't need as many wipes as she was only wet and got the same amount of attention on her fanny as the maid. She loved the touch of the smooth hand over her hairless mound. Soon she was too nappied and redressed and Mistress said that she would personally make sure the stuff will be on the truck and she would personally deliver them herself with her maid and drive behind them to their house so they could start their new lifestyle straight away.
They were all soon at the house and they all started on the new nursery together. Mistress shared a few kisses with Christine and a very long one with both the maid and Chantal. Chantal loved the kisses, and thought they were better then the boys she kissed. She loved the woman's lips against hers and soon imagined that they were somewhere else.
Eventually the nursery was done and Mistress and the maid left to go home, leaving Chantal and he mom with the new nursery. Chantal couldn't wait till she slept tonight, and then the bombshell hit.
"I want to. I can't stay in the house the entire time sweetheart. Mummy needs a life too. Don't worry, you know the babysitter. It's your best friend, Betty."
Chantal now was officially shocked and didn't for one second think that her best friend would find out about her.
The doorbell rang and Christine took Chantal to the playpen, and answered the door. It was Betty. Chantal wet her nappy at the thought that her best friend would know her secret. Would she laugh or run away? All she knew was that she would find out in a matter of seconds which was the correct answer.
Betty entered the living room and saw Chantal in the playpen. Betty smiled but didn't laugh and didn't seem to be too shocked at Chantal's attire. Without a word said by either one of them, Betty stuck her fingers in the nappy and checked if it was wet, and it was. It was warm too so it must have been a very recent wetting. Then the doorbell rang again and this time it was the mistress who was dressed quite nicely and looked like they were going to the ball.
"They kind make me feel safe, cozy and warm. Ever since Dad died, I have worn them because they make me feel the way he did."
The night was great. They both watched "Hoodwinked" on pirate DVD and it was quite a good copy too. Half way through, Chantal wet her nappy. Betty saw the change in her nappy. She stopped the DVD so they could go upstairs into the nursery. Chantal got on the changing table and waited while Betty got the supplies ready. As soon as Betty was ready, she untapped Chantal's nappy and opened it up. Chantal was very wet and Betty knew it was just from the pee, it was also her being turned on by being changed by her best friend. Betty too was enjoying it, but not only because she was changing the nappy, but she was touching an adult nappy for the first time.
Soon as Chantal was nappied, they went downstairs to the living room to continue their film and Chantal got hungry. Betty went to the kitchen and warmed up two bottles full of baby formulae. Betty laid Chantal across her lap and fed Chantal the drink she had prepared while watching the end of the film. Chantal fell asleep in her lap after 1 ½ bottles and still was suckling the last of the bottle in her sleep. It seemed to come naturally to her to act as a baby. She must feel so content. Betty woke her up so she could go to bed, and slowly they both went upstairs. Betty tucked Chantal in and kissed her goodnight while she thought god she smells so good and then turned on her baby mobile. The tune made Chantal doze off and Betty now felt the urge to try the nappy. They seemed to look so comfy and beautiful. When she was quite sure Chantal was asleep, she sneaked into the room and crept to the changing table at the far end. She took a nappy and turned only to knock the baby powder on the floor and made a loud thud which woke Chantal. Chantal only saw Betty with a nappy in her hand.
Betty froze and then broke down into tears. Chantal managed to get out of the crib and went over to Betty and hugged her.
Betty nodded and Chantal beckoned Betty to the changing table. Betty went over still crying and Chantal put a dummy in her mouth.
Chantal put the nappy on Betty and then got one of her footed sleepers and then undressed Betty for the night. At this point both of them were very wet and both looked at each other lustily into one another eyes. Chantal shook it off and dressed Betty in the sleeper. When she had zipped it up, they both went downstairs, got a baby bottle each which was filled with a purple liquid. Christine as asked Betty to feed both bottles to Chantal at bedtime as one contained a sedative and the other had a mild laxative in it. Christine wanted Chantal to lose control in her sleep so she would be totally incontinent, even when she slept, just like a real baby. They retired to the sofa and drank their baby bottles. Betty was really enjoying the drink, which turned out to be prune juice and soon she felt tired as she happened to get the bottle with the sedative. Chantal, also drained after the day she has had, wanted to go to bed. She helped Betty up the stairs and put her in the spare crib that her mother had bought. Chantal managed to get Betty into the crib and she raised the bars. She got a dummy and popped it in Betty's mouth, which she instantly sucked. She has really got into the role as a baby Chantal thought. When she was sure Betty had fallen asleep, Chantal got in her own crib and raised the bars until they clicked in place. Now she was trapped in a baby bed, with no way of getting out. She soon started drifting off to sleep, when the sudden urge to poop came. She didn't want her first messy nappy in front of her friend so she tried to hold it. Soon she felt the urge get stronger, and then desperately tried to find a way out of the crib. Then as she was trying to shake the bars free, she let go, and a flood of semi solid poop found its way into the nappy. She cried after pooping her nappy right in the company of her sleeping friend and sat down. Soon though, she fell asleep comfortably in a messy nappy.
"I see you two had fun last night" pointing to Betty in the other bed, half naked ready to be changed, also messy.
"I saw you both in nappies last night and thought of cute you were. I smelt a messy nappy from the laxative I put in the bottle, but you were dreaming so I knew you didn't take the sedated bottle, Betty did, didn't she?"
"Yes mommy" Chantal said babyishly, thinking that what they did was wrong. Laughter filled the room shortly after. Betty was laughing at Chantal, who was looking at the verge of tears.
"You don't think I'm mad do you sweetie? How could I be mad at my baby? Come on, let me feed you breakfast, and then we will get you changed and discuss your situation."
All three went downstairs, and entered the kitchen to see two highchairs set up and also mistress was at the table, while the maid was making the breakfast, while wearing a very sodden nappy. Chantal and Betty was strapped into the chairs, trays pulled down and then placed beside a chair, presumably where the 'adults' will sit.
Soon breakfast is set. Chantal and Betty are spoon fed chocolate cereal by the adults. Both enjoyed the attention they were getting and they clearly showed it. Mistress, who was feeding Betty, was making sure breakfast was as messy as possible. Chantal paused a second and her mother looked at her. A wet fart filled the room as Chantal was still feeling the effects of the laxative.
Chantal smiled, showing she agreed to her mom. She had just had one of the best sleeps in her life sleeping in a messy nappy and a crib. Now, while sitting in a very smelly messy nappy, she felt more content then ever. She loved her new life. After a bottle of baby formulae each, Christine took Chantal, Betty and the maid to the nursery to be changed. Maid went first and then Betty. Chantal went last because of the extent of her messy nappy. Betty seemed to be slightly embarrassed when her privates were exposed to her best friend, her best friends mum and a total stranger whom they called maid. Soon it was Chantal's go. She hopped onto the table, after being undressed and her nappy was a dark brown colour from the entire poop contained in the nappy.
After a lot of wiping and a lot of baby powder, all the nappy girls were changed and each got a dress to wear chosen by Christine.
"Ok, when I found you Chantal, in a nappy, I was shocked and I had to tell someone. I rung your best friend's mother, Elizabeth, and had a little talk with her. It looks like that someone else likes nappies. Your mom, Betty, has been recording on what you have been on, and we both came to a decision. You will both be baby girls. The rules where made up by us and Elizabeth had also seen a site where AB furniture was on sale nearby. You will have exactly the same privileges and I and Elizabeth will teach you on weekdays, where you will be kept as babies and treated as such. The reason of last night was to get Betty's new nursery ready, and for you to fall in our trap. We knew you wouldn't be able to resist the urge to wear a nappy. So what do you think?"
"Betty, you will now call me Aunt Chrissie and you Chantal will have to call Betty's mom Aunt Lizzie. Understand?"
"Now, you will have to stay here another night while me and your mother decorate your room, but you will both have to share a crib tonight. The other crib is for you, and as you have shown, you look very sweet in it. The crib is being taken to your home tonight."
The day was mainly uneventful but from the exception of feeding times and nappy changes. When bed time came, both were changed again and both given a baby bottle of prune juice, with again a trace of laxative. Both climbed in and Christine offered to tell a story. Chantal and Betty agreed to have a story, but instead of a fairytale that the girls expected to hear, she told of a true story of what happened the previous day when Christine went out with Mistress.
"Well, yesterday as you both know, I went out with Mistress. This was not a social matter. In fact, when I was talking to Mommy Lizzie, we found that a lot of the stories contained something called Adult Breastfeeding. You are both aware of this or not, but the vast majority had this content in it. Well, we did something about it. Mistress is also a qualified pharmacist and knows a thing or two about drugs which triggers hormones. We went to collect some of these drugs, specifically for breastfeeding and intend to breastfeed both of you. You will also get a drug that will stop any puberty that may come and to get rid of the pubic hairs you have. Soon you will both be as smooth as real babies. We soon will all live happily ever after. The End."
Christine left the room and turned off the light and left Chantal and Betty in the crib. Betty was smiling though her dummy, and Chantal knew she was as happy as ever. The thought of being breastfed excited her and to a certain extent it excited Chantal.
Chantal reluctantly crept forward and put her hand in her nappy, and felt her fanny. It was wet alright and feeling it made her too. Chantal was rubbing her fanny when suddenly her fingers slipped into her hole. Betty moaned and then moved her hand into Chantal's nappy, and found too that she was wet. Chantal and Betty looked at one another and then kissed passionately. Soon both climaxed and held each other.
"I had to that, mentioning the breastfeeding set me off. Don't think any worst of me" Betty said, clearly worried.
Both of the girls pushed, and soon enough they messed their nappies together. The smell was really bad, but figured they have to get used to it. They stayed in their messy and wet nappies over the night while fondling each others nappied bums.
There will be a next part of the story, but I will need reader's ideas to bring in fresh ideas. Please email me if you have any at [email protected] Any ideas welcome.
Thank you for reading my story and I hope you enjoyed it. I know this story will not go with everyone's taste but I really do my best to try to keep everyone happy.
The El Dorado City Council will consider revoking an ordinance that authorizes the El Dorado Civil Service Commission to hire and fire police and fire chiefs. Mayor Frank Hash said there has been some discussion among council members to return the power of such appointments and terminations to the mayor, with the approval of the city council. The ordinance, which is based on a state law that applies to First Class cities in Arkansas, was signed by former Mayor Mike Dumas in April 1995. “It’s not uncommon for the mayor and city council to have that authority. To have that power delegated to a lower commission … some on the council want to bring that power back to the mayor to bring the city in line with other First Class cities,” Hash said.
We welcome comments from registered users. Comments are solely the responsibility of those who post them; their viewpoints are not endorsed by the Daily Dispatch and DailyDispatch.com. (read more) The Daily Dispatch and DailyDispatch.com reserve the right to refrain from publishing or to remove posts that include foul language, personal or abusive attacks, or are off-topic. Posts will be signed with the first and last initial and home city associated with the registered user’s account; the registered user’s address, phone and e-mail address will remain private, as noted in our privacy policy. (close help tip)
Present day statistical meta-analysis does much more than simply Mix the outcome sizes of the set of scientific studies employing a weighted average. It may examination Should the outcomes of reports clearly show additional variation compared to variation that is expected due to sampling of various figures of research contributors. Also, study attributes for example measurement instrument utilized, population sampled, or aspects of the scientific studies' style could be coded and utilized to lower variance of the estimator (see statistical products above).
We did a scientific literature critique of your proportion of diarrhoea cases that tested beneficial for each aetiology (appendix p 19) and employed the meta-regression Resource DisMod-MR to design the proportion of good diarrhoea cases, for each aetiology individually, by locale, yr, age, and sex. We used rotavirus vaccine protection being a covariate from the rotavirus proportion design only.
This operate will provide important Perception into bigger spatial resolution House-time traits in diarrhoea.
The gray zone demarcates the range within which ninety five% of non–sickle cell disease purple cells slide, plus the black curve would be the mean curve for healthful members. The elongation index was calculated given that the ratio of your length (A) and width (B) of a mobile, where (A−B) was divided by (A+B), and the result was expressed like a decimal involving 0 and one. Panel E displays the pink-cell density profile twelve months right after gene therapy within the patient, attained with the usage of a phthalate gradient. We calculated 10 samples (indicated Together with the figures 1 by way of 10 on the black curve) at many phthalate densities. Pink traces demarcate a few different densities of cells: low (1.096 mg for each milliliter). Orange strains point out limitations of a normal profile. The values to the affected person are shifted on the remaining because of the linked solitary α-globin gene deletion. Cells denser than 1.110 mg for each milliliter of phthalate solution are thought to be dense cells.
Sustainable advancement target 2: conclusion hunger, acheive food stuff security and improved nutrition and boost sustainable agriculture.
On the flip side, the frequentist multivariate techniques involve approximations and assumptions that aren't stated explicitly or verified in the event the approaches are used (see discussion on meta-analysis models earlier mentioned). Such as, the mvmeta package deal for Stata allows community meta-analysis in a very frequentist framework.[sixty seven] However, if there isn't any frequent comparator look at this now from the community, then this has to be dealt with by augmenting the dataset with fictional arms with higher variance, which isn't quite objective and demands a choice regarding what constitutes a adequately significant variance.
And what I get to be aware of with talking about some of my close friends is that the look here a lot of the case scientific studies are discussed by serious time circumstance inside the classroom periods.
Details collecting and analysis. Numerous case studies require resource investigation and encourage college students to utilise a amount of various resources, i.e. World-wide-web, library, laboratory success and getting in touch with specialists in business. Time management. For a longer period case studies need college students to actually think about how very best to perform the do the job so that Go Here it's concluded on the established deadline.
spp had been the next most commonly encountered explanation for diarrhoea deaths amongst young children more youthful than five years. Few therapeutic selections for Cryptosporidium
The distribution of result measurements is often visualized having a funnel plot which (in its most commonly encountered version) is go to website actually a scatter plot of normal mistake vs . the outcome size. It tends to make utilization of The truth that the more compact experiments (Therefore greater normal problems) have far more scatter on the magnitude of outcome (becoming significantly less exact) although the greater scientific studies have considerably less scatter and kind the idea with the funnel. If lots of detrimental reports weren't posted, the remaining favourable scientific tests give increase into a funnel plot by which The bottom is skewed to one facet (asymmetry of the funnel plot).
They're anticipated to organise their particular operate and delegate jobs in the team. Within the third week they reassemble to present their shows, post their group report and carry peer evaluation.
The findings of the study quantify the load of childhood diarrhoea, that will enable to track progress toward attaining Sustainable Advancement Purpose (SDG) 3 of making sure healthy lives and marketing wellbeing for all at all ages.
This delivers an opportunity with the lecturer to gauge the groups' development. The evaluation with the exercise is designed up of a few factors; a remaining team report, a poster presentation along with the completion of a peer assessment variety. In the ultimate 7 days learners submit their report and Show and solution queries on their posters.
uncertainty in regards to the way outcomes can vary from trial to demo. More recent types of meta-analysis for instance Individuals reviewed earlier mentioned would definitely aid ease this example and happen to be applied in visit the next framework. Generalized pairwise modelling framework[edit]
The socialising in Brisvegas is attention-grabbing even though, I had a buddy shift there 20 yrs back and if they came back for any pay a visit to (NSW) she just about cried after we invited them round for the BBQ as she reported that they had only been invited to someones house when in 20 yrs, eating out is the norm.
I really favored the section in Your cash or Your daily life (by Joe Dominguez and Vicki Robin) about calculating your real cash flow by such as the charges linked to Doing the job at your occupation. It's possible if the time is true you could potentially search for a career that may be closer to household, or at the very least much more efficient to have to.
So Certainly you can do it but you need to be on similar site and definitely concern why you believe you need to devote Whatever you do on That which you do.
one) We contemplate all of our revenue, property and debts to belong equally to the two of us. Both of our paychecks go to the very same banking account, and many of our fiscal life performs out in jointly held accounts.
The study will consider available strategies to manage wastewater from the two standard and unconventional oil and fuel extraction at onshore facilities, and will handle inquiries which include:
We've a joint coverage. We used to have cheapo auto coverage, but given that Keith’s vehicle required repairs in a major way, and it Price us $7,000 (and months with out his car or truck), Now we have opted for just a far better and dearer policy.
You're a lot more than welcome. I’m happy to listen to that you men observed my remark helpful in a few smaller way. In m experience, the reverse-engineered budget does a very good occupation of guaranteeing that your expending aligns along with your Life-style priorities.
See what I necessarily mean about investigate. The true go to this site secret is to look at just about every cost and find out the many approaches it is possible to lessen your real cost. By utilizing a lot of the over, assuming they can be found to you personally, you can in fact meet up with a different lessen grocery Value.
Also right here we need to normally make our personal amusement and potlucks are our primary sort of socialising. The host may deliver meat for your bbq – often just sausages or chicken and everyone click to read else provides a salad or dessert and their possess drinks.
We would want to continue on to entertain in your house, possibly with the really occasional food or drinks out with buddies, but typically in the home.
The peril of not obtaining any savings (beyond retirement) or here an unexpected emergency fund is you’re in continuous Hazard of going into increased financial debt. This is actually the #1 rationale why I recommend building up an crisis fund of discover this 3 to six months’ really worth of costs.
Our study of hydraulic fracturing and its likely influence on consuming h2o methods: We studied the relationship amongst hydraulic fracturing for oil and normal fuel and drinking drinking water methods. The study features a evaluation of published literature, analysis of existing facts, scenario evaluation and modeling, laboratory research, and case reports.
So crafting a case study analysis just isn't walking within a park. It involves perfection to make use of your produced theories, leads to, valid solutions and solutions. Applying these whilst writing a case study analysis in a suitable method and composition is incredibly crucial. Our workforce has writers who're professional in producing a case study analysis. When your previous expertise with every other enterprise was not up to mark then this time you don’t will need to worry over.
What if you’re robbed? – Stay frugally – so there site here is nothing value stealing. Or be sure to reside in a far better community with reduce crime.
Please be sure you don’t discount easy approaches to create leads that are cheap and or free. Then you need leads and tons of them. A lead usually is the contact info and in certain instances, demographic information of a customer who’s interested in a certain service or product. Attempt to collect the emails of capable leads so that you may follow up later. Be in close contact with your sales team to be certain you’re handing off high-quality leads on a normal basis.
The variety of Cyberchondriacs has jumped to 175 million from 154 million final calendar year, possibly as a consequence of the healthcare reform debate. There are a lot of ways you’ll be able to market your organization, and again, you may wish to utilize your advertising plan to recognize the best procedures for your organization. You may take quite a few simple actions to rapidly establish yourself as a recogised authority in your area.
You will have to collect enough information so as to gauge whether someone has a true, valid interest in your service or product, but knowing how much information is sufficient information will be different based on your company. If you wish to collect additional info, the user is going to have to type it in. Your website should be attractive, informative, and simple to navigate so you get a constant stream of new prospects. Your site is the point where the magic happens. A website without a steady stream of helpful content is only an on-line brochure. A very simple page often supplies the best outcomes.
Additionally, use hashtags so that your content is simpler to find. Web content is simple, free, and fast to change at any moment. The trick is to make content that sets you apart from different players in the area. Promoting gated content right to your followers is among the simplest methods to collect comprehensive info about prospects utilizing social media lead generation tools, therefore it also plays a secondary part in lots of the other lead generation tactics discussed below.
If you’re working in marketing before the social networking boom, you surely remember when emails were the top advertising platform. While inbound marketing is getting lots of buzz, a well-rounded advertising mix should incorporate both inbound and outbound marketing and advertising strategies. Social media marketing is a strong channel for promoting content and a tool for internet networking.
The better you know your clients, the simpler it is to contact them with a prospective offer. In the event the possible customer is early in the purchasing cycle, it is normally the advertising department’s job to nurture the lead. Landing pages Potential customers who take the opportunity to stop by your website have already engaged in the toughest part of lead generation.
Lead generation is really pretty straightforward. In summary, it is not easy but it is a must have process for any business to survive. In a nutshell, it is the process of cultivating interest in your products and services to generate leads. It should be one of your objectives for every conversation, every day, with every client and every candidate. It is the process of finding people (leads) who’re likely to become your customers immediately or in the future.
Finding legal counsel isn’t an extremely tough task. Possessing the best attorney is able to affect not just the results of the circumstance, but your experience during the criminal proceedings. To begin with, consider how comfortable you’re with the lawyer. The lawyer should also take care of all of the paper work on the customer’s behalf. Whenever you’re trying to find a lawyer for your case, you will need to be aware of their success rate. Just because someone is affordable does not indicate they are the proper attorney for your case.
In the pre-hearing, your lawyer will have the ability to talk with your probation officer and attempt to work out a deal with the probation officer. For instance, the attorney has to have an undergraduate college degree and degree from a recognized law school. Your criminal attorney holds the whole capacity to get through your case. It is crucial to consult with a knowledgeable criminal defense attorney to help you get the greatest possible outcome in your case.
When coming up with an appropriate fee, the attorney will review different facets like, the character of the circumstance, the facts, the customer’s record, the involved court, etc.. Choosing a lawyer has ever been expensive. Opt for a lawyer which you feel comfortable working with. Before you finally make a decision to employ an attorney, it’s strongly advised that you check with an attorney first. In order to select the greatest criminal lawyer, you will need to thoroughly think about a couple of things.
On the flip side, the lawyers find it impossible to ask for the fees of their selection. From evidence gathering to actual trial, your attorney will have to stand by you and to do his very best effort to assist you win the instance. Everybody would like to say they’re the ideal DWI lawyer in Denver.
Firstly you should go for an attorney that has experience with cases that are very similar to yours. DUI is among the more complicated offenses because there may be several issues involved. You don’t wish to face DUI or DWAI all on your own.
If it’s necessary to proceed through a trial, you can expect for a greater legal fee as you require certain legal resources in addition to the time that your attorney will spend merely to defend you in court. Having to undergo a trial can be very tedious and costly. Make certain that your criminal defense attorney will actually take your case to trial if necessary. Even cases that seem open and shut deserve the interest of a sensible and skilled DUI attorney. Intrinsically, all such cases ought to be taken seriously. Attempting to resolve your case without a seasoned DUI attorney is usually not a great idea. If you’re a suspect, it means you require a person to speak for you immediately.
Something as easy as offering free lunch can receive the task done. Delivered lunch can be an affordable remedy to lunch time. If you do an office lunch our company catering service may come directly to your workplace.
There’s practically nothing we may not do, so if you want to know more about our services call us today! It’s simple to consider craft services as simply food. Thus, it’s important to learn about the kinds of catering services, to pick the perfect caterer for your event. The catering companies make it really simple to appreciate their efforts. A specialist catering service will give you with professional and efficient servers who can effectively take care of the guests’ food requirements, thus, you’re going to be tension free from yet another thing. Additionally, in addition, there are many private catering services.
If you’d like to learn more about our catering services, our menu, or in case you have any other questions or concerns, please get in touch with us. When it has to do with catering services in Pune, many of the people today wonder about the characteristic of the food. Create a menu of items which you’re able to have in your catering services. Our Singapore catering service delivers numerous menu alternatives for deluxe bento sets.
The wedding catering has become the most confusing and complicated feature of the process because you’re not certain about the food to serve to your guests and how much food is going to be consumed. Understanding what it is, and how its customer segments differ, will help you decide which catering opportunities are best for your brand. Whichever menu item you would like, you are certain to discover great New Mexican food catering and a delicious collection of menu items from Burrito Express.
Catering may sound simple, but it’s pretty complicated. It plays an essential role in conducting a corporate lunch. The lunch catering should be quite tasty at the exact time that it ought to be light so it can be digested by the guests and loved by them. As lunch catering for unique events are different there are a few options for lunch events.
Apart from accommodating your ideas, it is possible to also anticipate the company to produce suggestions with respect to ingredients and meals. As a result, if you’re searching for an amazing catering company that is the best fit for you, you’re right to approach Wisdom Rasoi. If you’re looking for a perfect catering company to supplement your distinctive event, then look no more! If your organization needs employee lunches brought in, or in case you’ve got quarterly meetings, we can assist you with that. It provides a different menu for Danish people, Danish people can also online order for birthday, wedding, and many other occasions. If you’re choosing a craft services company, seek the services of a catering company also.
If you are operating a business, it’s quite certain that many of the times you’ll be concerned with things like ways to cultivate your organization, accumulate profits and to receive customer satisfaction. Food businesses require a lot of iteration, over a time period. In place of take a haphazard strategy, you should position your organization on the market strategically. While you’re in the catering company, then the most crucial issue is to plan the company strategies carefully. The catering business has become the most efficient organization. Ideas of an excellent Catering Services The catering service business is just one of the absolute most expending business of the world today.
In fact, it’s quite fantastic for a budget TV. In other words, outdoor TVs are made to be outdoors, with all the prospective destruction that implies. Simply speaking, smart TVs can set your privacy and security in danger in a few ways, but the most damning case in point is that smart TV cameras could be employed to spy on innocent folks. They connect to the internet, putting all your viewing in one spot. Nobody bothers to review 32-inch TVs in spite of the fact they’re the best-selling size in the business. You’re attempting to decide between two similar TVs from various brands.
One is how simple it is to have the TV repaired in a timely way. The most recent and sharpest TV isn’t at the very top of everybody’s priority list. Tons of TVs also provide sound modes to offer better-quality audio. So once you’re purchasing a new TV, it’s simple to say Let’s just get the cheaper one! If you’re on the lookout for an inexpensive TV to kit out your kid’s university dorm or something a bit more high-tech like a bright TV, you are going to discover many diverse models to pick from in our impressive on-line selection. No matter the reason you’ve got for wanting a low-cost TV, we’re here to help you find one which will nonetheless deliver gaming greatness without costing too much. There’s not anything wrong with a low-cost TV.
The TV is not difficult to use, with an easy setup menu which makes the initial onboarding a snap. The newest TVs also provide you with the opportunity to bring almost all your screens together. Maybe it is a secondary TV for the child’s room or den.
When scanning during the endless Black Friday ads, you’re likely to discover a great deal of deals on televisions. If you bargain, you may have a pretty great deal in your hands. If you find a wonderful deal on a TV for Black Friday, it might be a scam!
Similar to any other buy, it is appealing to choose the more inexpensive choice. If you’ve got to select an inexpensive TV option, here some strategies for getting the very best bang for your buck. If you think about how a lot more options, and how much object of mind, an outdoor TV stipulates the cost gets incredibly fair. Sabena airlines, very poor choice. however, it was cheap. The ideal TV option for you is one that suits your family’s budget and requirements.
Even if you want to reject the item afterwards, it’s possible to just walk promptly. In some cases, the counterfeit products may be spotted. It’s usually simpler to receive an important brand fixed.
You need to understand the worth of what you’re buying. Even when you’re not that price-conscious, there are a lot of reasons to be on the market for an affordable TV. There are plenty of types on the marketplace. Have a look at the models you’re interested in and watch the prices. Best Buy has a good guide that allows you comb through features before you purchase.
Today, you will find lots of customized vehicles running everywhere. Because you already understand how to look at a used vehicle that you intend to purchase, it’s possible to now begin checking out various pickup truck accessories for the used pickup truck you would like to purchase. Enjoy the flexibility and convenience of having the ability to rent your truck when you desire, how you desire.
While pickups are great to have, they aren’t cheap to get, unless you believe smart and buy used. If your pickup has that, it is going to almost double the value straightaway, states Kraman. Grab a few tools and adhere to the steps below, and you will be making guitar pickups right away! In reality, some full-size pickups can be more expensive than $100,000. 2007 Chevrolet Colorado The mid-sized Colorado pickup is among the most eye-appealing trucks on the marketplace.
You’ll see your sales improve in case you just give up selling! Use them when you will need to create a purchase. As a company owner, you require a fantastic brand and you want to communicate that brand effectively. Actually, you’re in good business. Businesses and government agencies and consumers use credit cards to earn a wide selection of purchases. If you’re on the market for a brand-new pickup, keep reading to find out more about the very best pickups today.
Luckily for you, the technology is truly much simpler than you may imagine. Breed’s design, like the majority of the first electric instruments, didn’t utilize volts to make volume. Now If are convinced to learn Chinese as a very good alternative, you are able to choose some methods to assist you alongside. A mixture of pickups is referred to as a pickup configuration. There are many different aspects to take into account when selecting pickups but we’ve outlined whatever you will need to understand in our buyer’s guide provided below.
With the correct and practice, you can locate the love you would like too. Needless to say, it’s simple to justify our smartphone love. Mostly, you understand that everyone is desperate to find love out there. In general, it’s often enlightening to understand that finding love does not need to be bewildering. Lastly, you realize that there’s hope.
OK you’re fortunate enough to have a new age shop in your region, and you find the display rack with about 30 unique pendulums hanging there oh look there’s even a few pendulums in boxes on the other side of the glass. Tonight that guy will be me. It’s possible for you to date more than 1 guy at any certain time without having sex with any of them. A good deal of different guys in the bar will likely be nervous too, even though some are far better than hiding it than others. A great deal of different guys wish to learn to pick up girls at a bar, and you may stay in front of your competition by making yourself more appealing. A number of the guys you date may turn into great friendships or maybe you learn a specific lesson. Fans from all over the world converged to watch the movie in the Columbian Theater in addition to travel to the numerous locations utilized in the movie.
Look for a vacation that you are really going to appreciate. You may spend your vacation looking for mahi mahi recipes, or all you have to do is go buy an original parcel of fish and improvise your way to an outstanding Hawaiian meal. Usually a family sailing vacation is going to have crew on board, but for the family itself.
Although most individuals would begin taking a look at hotels, an individual should look at looking into rental properties. Hotels can be costly, especially when traveling with a huge group. Hotels in Hawaii can be costly and one could shell out a lot of money on them.
When you make a decision as to what kind of rental property you would love to remain in, you then need to deicide which island you want to remain on. Once deciding you’d like to remain in a rental property, you want to decide on which type you would love to remain in. There are rental properties accessible to fit everybody’s needs.
Make certain you choose a sort of holiday which is suitable for your personality. As you program your holiday, consider utilizing the shuttle rather than traveling by air, traveling or selecting a train. Family beach holidays in Turkey have become increasingly more popular over the past couple of years.
If people talk about going to Hawaii, there’s a great likelihood that they are in reality speaking about the principal island in the state. With around 9 million visitors annually, Hawaii is a well-known destination for tourists seeking to find the sights. Hawaii has a number of the cheapest car rental prices, an exhaustive bus system, and based on your lodging location, a lot of attractions are within walking distance. It is not just a giant beach. It is one of the most popular destinations in the world to honeymoon and for a good reason. It definitely offers vacationers a large selection to choose from and when it comes down to the final decision, a vacation rental should not only offer a piece of Hawaii to experience, but also add to the island’s mystique by forging a memory of its own. Folks come to Hawaii for a whole slew of vacation reasons, which makes it incredibly simple to acquire the thought that Hawaii is a pricey tourist destination.
1 fantastic way to create the trip both fun and memorable is to have a beach condo rental. The tip here is to decide beforehand in case the people on the trip are prepared to do the majority of exactly the same activities. A number of the older guests on our trip didn’t need to produce the trek, so we had the ability to drive up near the port and drop them off.
The beach is extremely crowded but they manage to locate a spot where they set up their towels and set their things. Still, most of the time, it is fairly quiet, and even when it’s not, one must gape a bit at the natural beauty of it. There are many beaches in Kona.
If you wish to experience the best of the islands, there are some romantic beaches in Hawaii that will make it possible for you to relax in paradise. When planning a visit to Hawaii, it can be difficult to choose which island to go to. At any time you pack that numerous people into such a little island and you’re going to find some bad eggs.
There are a few surgeons, however, who would like to concentrate in a specific region of the chest, like the esophagus or the heart. Treatment Options Although you might be referred to find a hand surgeon by your physician or the emergency department, that does not automatically mean that you will need surgery. It’s also essential to note that, simply because you’ve opted to pay a visit to a hand surgeon, that doesn’t necessarily indicate that you’ll need to undergo surgery of the hand. Thus, it’s always advised that one needs to consult a hand surgeon if they’re experiencing any type of a pain in the hand. Although there are lots of hand surgeons in Sydney, deciding on a proper one can be confusing.
Others might be done utilizing a classic open strategy, which permits the surgeon to see and work directly within your hand or wrist. In some instances, a hand surgeon may specialize in specific places, including treating only children or certain problems like tumors. Most hand surgeons in Sydney will counsel you to have a consultation for suitable diagnosis.
Doctors do not and can’t pay to get included. In hip surgery, a physician can be off a couple millimeters. After careful diagnosis and assessment, the physician will suggest a treatment program that is most suitable for your requirements. The doctor also provides specialized therapy possibilities like eyelid and brow lifts in addition to injectable filler treatments including BOTOX and Juvederm. Our doctors are devoted to helping patients restore both the overall look and use of the affected area with optimal outcomes. It’s always important to speak with your physician about the most suitable procedure for your hand. The doctors don’t have any choices.
Our hands are an essential component of our everyday routine. Your hands are a significant part of your entire body and are crucial to your function on the job and in daily life. The hand is made up of many diverse bones, muscles, and ligaments that allow for a huge quantity of movement and dexterity. Our hands serve many purposes, and when there’s a problem it’s quite tough to function. Think of how many times each day you use your hands.
Our hands are among our main assets and needs to be treated as such. They are delicate instruments that can assist with fine motor skills. If your hand is impaired at all, surgery may enhance your situation. Hands consist of many parts of tissue that if working together make the use of the hand possible.
Many different kinds of surgeries can be carried out on the hand. Many times, surgery is the very best option for upper extremity conditions or injuries. Cosmetic surgery can be done on every area of the head, neck, and body.
Others might require surgery. Surgery might be necessary. The surgery is accomplished in a way which makes the toe resemble a thumb. Hand surgery is a wide term that covers many distinct kinds of procedures. Most surgery carries the dangers of anesthesia and bleeding.
There are two ways he’ll attempt to prove DUI. There are lots of ways to beat a DUI, but you’ll require an aggressive drunk-driving attorney fighting on your side to achieve that. There are means to get from a DUI, and below are ten common ways an attorney will be able to help you beat a charge. If you’ve been charged with a DUI, you won’t necessarily be convicted. A DUI on someone’s criminal record can influence their job prospects, housing choices, family experience and several different areas of their life. A DUI isn’t a laughing matter. Many DUI and OUI charges have zero chemical test readings so that it’s the officer’s opinion which you’re intoxicated.
There are a number of ways to beat a DUI. First issue to understand in beating a DUI is how a prosecution lawyer will attempt to find a DUI conviction. When you’re charged with a Pittsburgh DUI there are which can enable you to have a result that you’re not content with You could obtain a sentence which requires you to devote time in jail.
There are a variety of ways to beat a DUI charge. If you’re facing DUI charges, you’re going to require a knowledgeable and skilled attorney that knows the way to handle DUI cases. There are a lot of ways to beat a DUI charge, however just a few will be possibilities in your special case. It is not a conviction. Contrary to what most people think, there are techniques to beat a DUI charge. Just because you’ve got a DUI charge doesn’t mean you’ll be found guilty.
A knowledgeable and seasoned attorney is able to defend DUI cases. In the event the District Attorney or City Attorney can’t prove you were the one driving the car, you cannot be charged with DUI.
With no evidence, your case is probably going to be dismissed. Every defense approach we take is tailored to the particular case available, which explains why it’s so important to start working with an attorney whenever possible. The manner that DUI cases can be won is by conducting a comprehensive investigation by looking into what’s behind the authorities report and what’s behind law enforcement department’s investigation.
For an officer to stop you, the officer doesn’t need to supply probable cause which you were drunk driving. He must have probable cause to stop a vehicle in order to begin the DUI investigation. For instance, if the police officer who stopped you for DUI made an error in the authorities report or other documentation linked to your arrest, the entire case against you might be undermined.
He must have a legitimate reason for pulling you over and questioning you. Just bear in mind that you likewise don’t need to check the officer’s patience too much either. Maybe the officer was subject to disciplinary actions before. To lawfully stop your car, New Jersey police officers should have probable cause.
If you are employing the expert services of shared, then you’ve got to split the disk space, memory, bandwidth and a lot more. Basically speaking, a web hosting service is a type of service that supplies you with a lease on their server for your site, and offers technical upkeep of the servers and some sum of guarantee that they’ll be ready to go at least 99% of the moment. As a bottom line, don’t neglect to look at the service, especially uptime of the server as it’s important for uninterrupted web support.
Make certain that the hosting company you’re looking at provides services for your specific operating system and they have price plans that satisfy your financial plan. Keeping that in mind, let’s discuss the 3 unique forms of hosting services it is possible to pick from. You can also go for a CDN service to boost your ecommerce site. A web hosting service can be thought to be the gateway to having your internet site published over the net. A skilled and reputable Ecommerce web hosting service will readily help your clients and your online business to grow quickly online.
Since it is the storage of your website files, you will need to consider how much space you actually need.
There are lots of web hosting review websites. Selecting a web hosting is a significant step in creating a web site. It is the business practice of providing space and bandwidth on a high-powered computer server that is connected to the Internet at very high speeds. It refers to providing space for storing the content of your website on a server. You’re able to purchase web hosting so you can satisfy all your requirements at a moment.
There are a number of services out there where you are able to earn a site online, the corporation will host it for you and all you’ve got to do is update the website and drive visitors to the website. The service may be financed by advertising (which means that ads will be set on your site), it may be provided free with another provider, it may be an extremely basic service provided by a hosting company (who assume that you’ll soon upgrade to a paid service) and it some instances it actually is free (but don’t anticipate a terrific service). Compare Well Comparing multiple hosting services would be beneficial for finding out the advantages and disadvantages of the specific web host one has decided to go for. Let’s discuss how to pick the ideal QuickBooks Hosting service.
Secure your website, learn to disable file editing in WordPress. The majority of the moment, as soon as your site gets hacked, you get rid of control over WordPress admin region. As you’re moving to a self-hosted website, you will need to have a web hosting account set up.
Sure it might indicate you’ve got to re-do a couple of things on your website that have changed since the previous backupbut that’s far simpler than rebuilding everything. The website is much faster, SEO is much better than ever (signaled by the development of organic traffic), user bounce prices are down, the sum of visited pages went up as did the length of the sessions. Either way you might need to reference your hacked site to to figure out which content you want to port over.
If you send the entire thing out no one is going to have reason to visit your website. To initiate adjustments to content on a CMS-based site, you log in to your website’s administrative panel. If a website intends to supply a massive number of image galleries, special plugins are readily available to aid configuration. You need to make sure your cellular site is fast, simple to use, and designed especially for smaller screens.
With custom roles, it’s possible to even restrict Bob from accessing different regions of the website so he’s only editing what he wants to be. When you’re working on the website, you can place files to 644 or 640. In case the website is loading, at this point you know for certain that the issue is either your theme or plugins or both. It is not difficult to set up and it works best on content heavy websites.
You simply purchased hosting, and that means you’re all set to install WordPress on your site. WordPress delivers countless attempts to attempt to log in, making it vulnerable to Brute Force attacks. WordPress requires many secrets to operate securely. WordPress isn’t just for businesses, or only a platform for bloggers. WordPress accommodates a wide selection of uses and therefore is often seen to have a little bit of bloat. Obviously, the main WordPress should know some specifics of the child stack.
You are able to download WordPress in a number of ways. It is possible to also install WordPress in a particular language (if available) while preparing the site first moment. WordPress is currently far more than a publishing platform. Cesis WordPress is a new sort of Theme.
Check with your host to find out if you’re able to install WordPress automatically. A great deal of folks using WordPress fear that changing themes could result in unwanted consequences in the existent website. WordPress has a core made for multi-purpose use that was birthed from the sphere of private blogging. WordPress apart from really being a wonderful platform is extremely favorable by many as a result of range of special features in offers it users.
WordPress will supply you with far more flexibility regarding site customization and functionality. WordPress offers you the capability to grow your website as time passes. Actually, there are a lot of quite excellent reasons why you need to choose WordPress if you’re concerned whatsoever about the security of your internet presence.
Please Kindly contact with us if you need the following Optional items, we will ship them as one package to you by express.
* We accept Escrow payment or other payment accepted by aliexpress( or paypal, western union, bank). Payment must be made within 7 days after the close of the auction.
* If payment is not received within 7 days, We will consider the auction results null and void. Unpaid Item dispute will be reported.
The item will be shipped with a cleared payment. Please include your phone number in the payment note for prompt and secure shipment.
We can send international shipment via DHL, UPS, EMS, Fedex or TNT, the shipment usually takes about 4 to10 days to arrive to your country. The choice of courier company is depending on buyer's request, We reserves the right to choose courier company according to buyer's order.
For the shipping to Brazil, Russia, Argentina and Ukraine, Russia, we have to deliver via post office (EMS) for the local customs limitations, and it takes about 1-2 weeks to deliver your order.
Any item from us is trackable online during delivery. The tracking number will be offered on your order details after shipment arranged.
a) Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer’s responsibility, but we'll try to lower the value in the invoice （always write : 55$ car dvd player）to help you avoide the customs taxes or just pay little taxes.
b) Please check with your country’s customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding.
We offer 12 months warranty for all goods dated from the delivery date of your order. And we supply life time technical enquiry and support. Your message will be answered within 24 hours if not at holiday.
Every item is tested and well packed before shipped out, you are possible to get a defective item damaged by the rude logistics service. If so, please contact us within 3 days after you getting it. We will send you new accessories or the whole new product for replacement.
Your feedback is very important to us. Please write your positive feedback for each transaction with us. If you feel something not satisfied with us, please contact us first before giving us negative feedback. We can do our best to satisfy your resonable requirement.
If the product you receive is not as described or low quality, the seller promises that you may return it before order completion (when you click "Confirm Order Received" or exceed confirmation timeframe) and receive a full refund. The return shipping fee will be paid by you. Or, you can choose to keep the product and agree the refund amount directly with the seller.
N.B.: If the seller provides the "Longer Protection" service on this product, you may ask for refund up to 15 days after order completion.
On-time DeliveryIf you do not receive your purchase within 60 days, you can ask for a full refund before order completion (when you click "Confirm Order Received" or exceed confirmation timeframe).
– A payday loan is a small dollar short-term advance used as an option to help a person with small, often unexpected expenses. Related
At easyfinancial Services we are not a bank and we are most definitely not a payday loan company! We approve when banks won’t and we’re […]
we have cash loans for all kinds of reasons and for all kinds of people - even those with a history of bad credit.
Get fast online cash advance short-term loans with no faxing required! You can qualify for a cash advance loan, even with bad credit, slow credit or no credit.
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Ok
In Bingoallbonus.com, you will find the best no deposit bonuses for online Bingo. Most of them are exclusive bonuses ONLY for our website. If you like the bingo games and the skill games you can enter the special bingo section and choose claim your bonus. Only the Best Bingo sites are listed here. We love the bingo games and thats why we are trying to keep you posted every day for the newest bingo promotions.
Do you want to play poker for free? Do you want a match bonus to play with much more cash in a poker table? Do you need the latest poker no deposit bonuses and a list with the best online poker sites? PokerAllBonus.com is your site! Check our poker pages and claim your exclusive bonus in every poker rooms. Play without cash money with free no deposit bonuses or double your poker chips with our exclusive bonuses right now!
In Betallbonus.com will offer you a variaty of many betting sites and sportsbooks. If you click on our banners you will claim an exclusive welcome bonus for absolutely free bets. Register an account today in the best betting sites and bet without spend any money. Free bets offers, bet no deposit bonuses, cashback bonuses, free bet vouchers and massive match bonuses are some of our many bet promotions.
welcomes players from all over the world - and if you`re in the USA, you`ll be glad to hear that this includes you. It`s owned by Greavestrend Ltd, with a full online operating licence from the authorities in Cyprus. The attractive website is clearly laid out, making it easy to find your way around, download the free casino software and get playing. As soon as you start playing you earn comp points, which translate into free casino credits. Your sign-up is rewarded with a welcome bonus that will match your first deposit by 100% - giving you an extra $100 free to play with. You also get more money for referring friends, as well as double comp point promotions on selected games.
Jackpot Capital Casino is characteristic of a Real Time Gaming Software casino; it offers a reliable gaming experience with realistic designs and a wide variety of casino games. Customer Support options at Jackpot Capital Casino might be limited, but this casino does value their clients by providing multiple bonuses and promotions which are available upon joining and on a continuous basis.
It`s one of the most popular online, with a selection that will cater to any taste. There are all the usual games, but there are also plenty of interesting variations on these, as well as speciality games. The games load quickly and play smoothly, and if you`ve ever had any doubt about fair play, all games have been rigorously tested for random generation and fairness. Security is also completely taken care of, and there are a number of different ways that you can deposit and withdraw.
For all of you who are already bonkers about the dazzling Slot Games at Jackpot Capital, we offer a new gaming experience and even more reasons to keep on playing: Be among the first to join our Slot Tournaments! In Slot Tournaments, players play slots against other players. Enjoy the thrill of the competition by playing slot games in structures that include others, knowing the amount of money to be spent ahead of time. The top players who score the highest number of Points get cash prizes.
Do you want to play FREE CASINO GAMES ? RTGBonus.eu contains some of the newest slot machines and some of the classic ones as well, with hundreds upon hundreds of gaming and pokies slots titles just waiting for you to try for free. Visit your best free casino games portal to get an unlimited entertainment and excitement. Choose you favorite software and enjoy!
I have just posted the test for the Schneider Macro Varon 85/4.5 lens. This is a bellows lens and it performs extremely well from 0.5:1 to 2:1. It exceeds in all categories except for resolution and that is likely only limited by the f/4.5 aperture. Most of the lenses that outperform this lens have larger working apertures. I guess there is another limitation in that this is an expensive lens. But hey, you can spend a lot on a traditional macro lens also.
I have started working on a new lens sent to me recently. It is a Schneider Macro Varon 85/4.5. This is a bellows lens from Schneider that has a variable aperture from 4.5 to 8 and an adjustment ring for adjusting the lens elements for magnification - a lot like the Nikon Printing-Nikkor 150/2.8 I tested a while back (the older version). So far this lens is extremely good an appears to be a true APO lens. It's sharpness and resolution is just a touch less than the best of the Printing-Nikkors and its corners are extremely sharp. So far the only limitation of this lens is that its aperture only opens to f/4.5. Using a much larger aperture tends to mean a lot of focus stacking, so it's not much of a limitation. Stay tuned for the final test appearing soon.
I have finally posted the lens test for the Nikon Printing-Nikkor 150 mm f/2.8 newer version. This lens is a little different than the old one and doesn't have the magnification adjustment ring. This lens acts like other Printing-Nikkor lenses and is heavily optimized for 1:1. That means it works really well at 1:1 and performance falls off as you go above and below that magnification. If you want a bellows lens, stick to the older model.
I have completed the numerical testing for the Printing-Nikkor 150/2.8. This again is a newer model of the lens that I tested previously. It performs extremely well at 1:1 and at f/2.8, but as expected, the performance falls off as you go up or down in magnification. I still have to take pictures of and with the lens to get the test completed. That should occur soon.
It has been a while since I have added anything to this site. Just caught up doing other things. I have recently received a Printing-Nikkor 150/2.8 that I am testing. This is a newer version than the one I have already tested. This version does not have the magnification adjustment ring that the other had and so far acts like other Printing-Nikkor's that I have tested. In other words it works really well at the intended magnification (1:1) and not as well for everything else. I hope to have the test up in a few days.
Comment: Dear Sir, I have a question. I am planning to use my DSLR Nikon (D610) to scan 35 and medium format negatives. I have Nikon bellows PB-6 system. What is a best lens you suggest to use for this task? I have Apo-Rodagan D 75mm
Comment: You really need a lens that performs well from 0.5:1 to 1:1 with a flat field. The Apo-Rodagon 75 should be good for that. You could also use a shorter focal length macro lens like a 50 mm (without a bellows) to get good results.
In case you haven't noticed the sidebar, the Printing-Nikkor 95/2.8 lens test is posted. It is similar to most of the other Printing-Nikkor lenses (except the 150 with its additional magnification adjustment ring) in that it is optimized for a specific magnification - 1:2 in this case. It performs extremely well at that mag and not so well at other magnifications. It should be reversed when used above 1:1 and as would be expected, performs very well at 2:1 when reversed. It is really best left to those who want to image at 1:2 or collectors.
Comment: For adapting the printing Nikkors, RAF camera( can be found on E bay makes a very cheap M45- M 52 mm adapter ring, It works well ( I was the [person who asked him to make it)
Comment: Thanks for the info. I may have to pick one up even though I don't have an M45 lens of my own.
I decided that testing the Printing-Nikkor 95 in reverse orientation above 1:1 would be beneficial since it is optimized for 1:2 and when reversed at 2:1 it should perform pretty well. Testing has confirmed that performance improves above 1:1 when reversed and is quite good at 2:1 as predicted. I have all of the numbers and pictures done and just need to finish the writing now. Should be online soon.
I have finished the numerical testing on the Printing-Nikkor 95/2.8. It is extremely good at 0.5:1, the magnification it is optimized for. As the magnification rises above 0.5:1, the performance deteriorates fairly quickly - center and corners. To get decent performance much above 0.5:1, you would need to stop it down quite a bit, negating the reason you would use this lens in the first place. I still need to take pictures with it and put together the text before it all shows up online.
Finally, I'm working on a new lens test - a Nikon Printing-Nikkor 95mm f/2.8. This is a lens optimized for 1:2 magnification. I have completed aperture testing and found that it is at its best at f/3.3. That best is extremely good - virtually as good as the best lens I have tested, the Printing-Nikkor 150. We will see how it performs at different magnifications - find out how tightly it is optimized for 1:2.
Commenting now available on these posts. I have been working on getting a comment system up and running. It is pretty simple for now and doesn't require you to sign in. It just requires you to pass a test to prove that you aren't a robot (computer) trying to post spam to the site.
Since I am interested in lenses and coins this post serves both interests. An enlarging lens can be a good replacement for a loupe. An enlarging lens in the 40 or 50 mm range will be a good choice for most coins. If you want more magnification, go shorter focal length (or longer for less). Use one with a larger aperture if possible and you will get a larger field of view (like a 50/2.8). nike huarache Men correr ultra gris, NIKE Men s s Mayfly NIKE Lite SE Running c6e64de An advantage of an enlarging lens as a loupe is that the area of sharpness in the center of the field of view will be larger since they are more complex/corrected lenses compared to loupes. The only drawback is that they are larger than a loupe and don't have a built-in lens cap. you will need a couiple of lens caps for it.
THe lens test for the Schneider 40/4 Componon is available now. It is a good lens, but not spectacular. No real vices and reasonably priced.
I am nearly done with the Schneider Componon 40/4 lens test. I have all of the numeric testing complete. I just need to take some pics and put everything together. Should be out in the next day or two. Seems to be be a good, but not spectacular lens. No real issues with the performance as long as I clean off any large fingerprints on it first (see previous posting).
I have wanted to switch my news and additions portion of this page into my own system. I did this by using mySQL and PHP for my homepage. Everything should work as usual, except that my news items will not be imported from Google+ anymore (such as this posting). This allows me to control my links and photos a little better. Hopefully in the future I will also add the ability to post comments directly to a posting. You don't need to do anything to see this page as the index file will redirect you browser to this page. I wanted to do this redirect at the server level, but currently my ISP doesn't allow that. You can certainly change your link to index if you like.
I went back and looked more closely at my 40/4 and found that there was a rather large fingerprint on the rear element (front for me since the lens is reversed). Since the rear element is fairly small, it takes up quite a bit of the available surface and most of the prime real estate in the center of the lens. I cleaned it off and suddenly the contrast was back where I would expect it to be. I will redo the aperture testing to see what the measurement differences are. I will report those differences on the website. Sometime later I will also do my comparison check between two of the same lens - one with bad fungus and one clean to see what the effects are. I suspect the changes will be similar, the most prominent being a drop in contrast.?
I have been a little slow with the testing of the Schneider 40/4. I am almost done with the aperture testing. It has the best resolution at f/4 and it is sharpest at f/5.6. F/4.7 is a good compromise for most imaging. The main problem with it is its lack of image contrast. I had done some basic testing of this lens a couple years back and it seemed to have better contrast then. Not sure what is going on. I will have to look closely at the lens to see if there are any problems with it, like fungus. I don't normally think of this area as a fungus hot spot since I live in the high desert. The lens itself isn't the newest one out there, but it isn't the oldest either. It is one of the newer plastic housing ones, not the oldest metal housing. I will post any updates as they come available.?
Sorry that I haven't been posting anything lately. Just too many things going on to do any lens testing. I want to start simple and plan on testing a Schneider 40/4 enlarging lens. I wanted to test a 50/4 of either Nikon or Schneider make and found that I didn't have the right adapter for either. They both have lens threads of around 32 or 33 mm and all I have is 30.5 or 34. I will have too look on eBay for step-up rings that I can use. So far the 40/4 seems to be relatively low contrast, but sharp wide open.?
I have finally finished my lens test page that puts all of my current data into a lens test form like my original tests, i.e. all the info on a single page instead of the multiple page format that I created a while back. It was an interesting challenge as it uses most of the same code, but in different format/order. I did add a feature that will allow you to move the graph legend on a couple of graphs. There are two graphs that have the problem where the graph line goes behind the legend for a few lenses. As with the other page it allows you to switch between effective aperture and aperture for those lenses that are shown as effective aperture on Nikon bodies.?
For those of you that like the lens tests in the old format (single page), I am creating a page that will do that will all of my data, creating the page on the fly. It's still in process, but it isn't proving too difficult. I just have to reuse and rearrange the old code to make it work like I want it. I haven't had a lot of time for lens testing lately, but will hopefully get back on that bandwagon sometime soon. It has been a busy month.?
I was looking at the Mitutoyo tube lens that I used for testing the Edmund Optics objective and noticed that the lens elements are fairly small on it. Is it limiting the effective aperture/NA of the objective? It certainly didn't perform as well as I would like with an NA that high. I have now also tested the lens with my 200AF micro as the tube lens. this is a popular way to use infinity-corrected objectives since tube lenses aren't all that common. nike I found that it does perform a little better on resolution and sharpness with the 200AF. Otherwise, corners are slightly worse and CA is better with the 200AF.?
I have added a small new article showing a good example of the lens aberration called field curvature. It isn't common to see it where you can actually identify it visually. The nice part about field curvature is that focus stacking will remove its effects.
I have completed a new lens test: Edmund Optics 5x/0.225 infinity-corrected microscope objective. This lens work pretty well, but not as well as I would expect it to with the high NA of 0.225. It does have a lot of working distance. The biggest problem is that it is very expensive and requires a tube lens or longer focal length camera lens to act as a tube lens.?
Comment: Your information is helpful, so I printed it for future reference. Having said that, you have the same problem I am encountering, the blue coloring of Silver coins! That is what I went to your site for, to get an answer re: Blue color silver coins and how to get rid of it. Again, there is some good info on your site, but apparently you cannot get rid of the blueness! Thanks for the other help,
Despite having its undefeated start to the season end last Tuesday, along with a loss to the Indiana Pacers Wednesday night in which LeBron James sat out the second game of a back-to-back trip, the Cleveland Cavaliers remain the best team in the NBA thus far.
The mission to “Defend the Land” has been placed in full drive with the Cavs, who once again look like the clear favorite to represent the Eastern Conference in the NBA Finals come June.
The journey to repeat as NBA champions is no guarantee, but through 11 games — 10 of which have been against Eastern Conference opponents — the Cavs are 9-2. Most notably, they have defeated two of the East’s projected top contenders: the Toronto Raptors (twice this season) and the Boston Celtics.
Prior to its first defeat, the Cavs’ 6-0 start stands as the best team start in LeBron James’s career, having reached the 5-1 mark a total of three times in two consecutive seasons with Miami in 2012 and 2013 in addition to last season with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
It was the second-best start in franchise history, falling short of the 1976-77 Cavaliers’ 8-0 start.
Although records don’t tell all about a team, Cleveland’s current squad could be the best team that has ever surrounded James, who is currently in his 10th season with the franchise since returning in 2014.
Despite still being in his prime, at 31 years old James faces the reality of father time creeping up, considering the retirements of basketball legends Kobe Bryant, Tim Duncan and Kevin Garnett this past season and offseason.
Although the King’s dethronement isn’t expected anytime soon, having recently surpassed NBA Hall of Famer Hakeem Olajuwon for 10th place on the NBA’s all-time scoring list, the Cavaliers’ hometown superstar has about four to six years remaining in his career.
No one can predict what the Cavaliers will become post-LeBron, especially after the additions made in recent years, but it is likely the team will lose its value as a top contender. The immediate decline in wins from 2010-2014, occurring during James’s stint with the Heat, was more than enough evidence that it must build around their star player.
The first step toward rebuilding during those four seasons was the selection of Kyrie Irving with the No. 1 overall pick in the 2011 NBA Draft.
Entering the NBA with a foot injury and offset by other nagging injuries throughout his career, the most significant being his fractured kneecap in game one of the 2015 NBA Finals, Irving slightly became a forgotten cause as a player with the potential to be one of the league’s best point guards.
Despite Irving earning the 2011-12 Rookie of the Year award and being known for his ability to score, a lack of acknowledgment for his game still remained.
After LeBron James signed a five-year, $90 million contract extension during the 2014 offseason, his unexpected return that same year has worked in the favor of Irving ever since.
Playing in just 53 games last season after recovering from the previous year’s knee injury, Irving has excelled, proving his ability to take over on the game’s biggest stage in the NBA Finals.
Convincing many that he outplayed the two-time NBA MVP Steph Curry in the series, averaging 27.1 points per game and scoring the game-winning three-point dagger in his face to secure Cleveland’s first-ever title, Irving used the postseason to remind and prove to the world he is one of the league’s best point guards.
It was obvious then, and it is obvious now that without Irving the Cavaliers cannot win an NBA championship.
Whenever it seems like the Cavs are down and out on the brink of defeat, it is Irving who has stepped up as the team’s savior when even James wouldn’t be expected to prevail.
Although other players such as J.R. Smith, Iman Shumpert, Channing Frye, Kevin Love and more play pivotal roles in the Cavs’ success as well, the tandem of Irving and James has formulated a one-two punch that is capable of carrying Cleveland to future title victories.
The pairing of the two has helped reduce the pressures on James and provides Cleveland with an option to stay within winning games as the team’s leader rests.
For purposes of rest, James intentionally sat out for the first time this season in the Cavs’ game against the Pacers.
In addition to scoring the ball well, ranking third in the league in scoring at 109 PPG, Cleveland has remained consistent on defense, allowing 103.5 PPG. Despite the average, the Cavs have allowed 100-plus points in just six of their 11 games this season.
Although the Golden State Warriors, considered Cleveland’s rival as we anticipate a third-consecutive Finals meeting between the two, are a team capable of going back and forth in a shootout with any team, their occasional lapses on defense detract from their league-leading 117.3 PPG average.
Thus far, the Warriors are tied for allowing the seventh highest opponent PPG average at 109.3. In comparison to Cleveland’s six games, Golden State has allowed 100-plus points in nine of its 11 games.
It is true the Warriors are still adjusting to their addition of former NBA MVP Kevin Durant and the departures of primary role players Harrison Barnes and Andrew Bogut, but Golden State must find a way to resolve its inconsistencies, which mainly fall on it becoming smaller around the key and paint areas.
One can only hope another Cavs-Warriors championship matchup will take place. After leading in points, rebounds, assists, steals and blocks in the NBA Finals, if James and co. were able to defeat the self-embraced “Super Villains” of Golden State, he would achieve the ultimate victory that would earn him a nod in surpassing two of the game’s greatest in Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant.
Much is still to occur throughout this season. There will be phases during which Cleveland will look like the best team or falter to its high expectations, preventing the prediction of the Cavs winning it all in 2016-17.
It’s a game-by-game process in which teams continue to develop, even in the case of the Cleveland Cavaliers heading into year three of James being back at the helm. Their “All In” mentality is a motto that persists in the championship-or-bust expectations that have become standard for fans such as ourselves to judge accordingly.
Canadian Advanced Technology Alliance (CATAAlliance) International Cyberweek Business Program in Atlanta, Georgia October 9 & 10, 2018 |
The Consulate General of Canada and CATA Cyber invite you to apply to participate in an international cybersecurity program during Atlanta Cyberweek. Atlanta Cyberweek is a public-private collaboration hosting multiple events that will highlight the pillars of the region’s cybersecurity ecosystem and create opportunities for meaningful interaction between growth-oriented companies and Fortune 500 clients. This week also overlaps with events related to the fintech industry.
Given the synergies between cybersecurity and fintech, the Consulate General of Canada in Atlanta is inviting Canadian cybersecurity companies with a strong use case for the fintech/financial institution industries to Atlanta. Atlanta is considered a fintech center as many payment processing companies have their headquarters based in Georgia. In fact, nearly 70 percent of all payment card transactions are processed in the state of Georgia. Georgia is also an important cybersecurity center as the U.S. Army Cyber Center of Excellence recently opened in Augusta, GA.
The ideal company for this delegation is export-ready and prepared to pitch in front of a room of Fortune 500 CIOs and CISOs. The Consulate has invited the region’s top fintech leaders to attend. It is highly recommended that your company have experience and knowledge about open banking and GDPR.
“This is an excellent opportunity for Canadian cyber security companies to showcase their expertise and innovation,” says Katherine Thompson, Chair of CATA Cyber. “It also highlights the great commitment the Consulate General of Canada team has to helping Canadian innovation find its place on the global stage.”
Companies attending will benefit from B2B exchanges, possible speaking opportunities and several networking events.
Participants will need to cover their own travel and lodging costs. Events will have varying entry fees, but most are free.
More information will be added to this program as it becomes available. A final agenda will be provided as the program is confirmed.
The application deadline is August 27, 2018. Selected companies will be notified by August 31, 2018.
The Canadian Advanced Technology Alliance (CATAAlliance), Canada’s One Voice for Innovation Advocacy Group, crowdsources ideas and guidance from thousands of opt in members in moderated social networks in Canada and key global markets. Supported by evidence-based research, CATAAlliance then mobilizes the community behind public policy recommendations designed to boost Canada’s innovation and competitiveness success.
Metal Wire Guard for HAL-LED-174W Series Hazardous Location LED Light Fixtures The HAL-LED-174W-SP0120 is a field attachable wire guard constructed of non-sparking aluminum. This unit attaches to existing fixtures via six thru-holes, three per side, and is securely fastened to the light fixture. The…
The Larson Electronics HAL-LED-174W hazardous area locations low profile high bay light fixture provides operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. LED technology and compact design makes this lamp an excellent replacement upgrade option…
Replacement Latches for HAL Series Hazardous Location Lights. Generally, there are either 8 or 10 latches per 4 foot fixture. There are 4 latches on the 2 foot fixtures.
The Larson Electronics HAL-LED-127W hazardous area locations low profile high bay light fixture provides operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. LED technology and compact design makes this lamp an excellent replacement upgrade option…
The Larson Electronics HAL-LED-CPR-C-40 hazardous location LED lights provide operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to other hazardous area luminaries. LED technology and a sturdy design make this light perfect for a wide variety of illumination needs. Surface and pendant…
The Larson Electronics HAL-LED-CPR-C-100 hazardous location LED lights provide operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to other hazardous area luminaries such as high pressure sodium (HPS), metal halide (MH), and halogen lights. LED technology and a sturdy design make this light…
The HAL-LED-SOL12-EXWR Larson Electronics Solar Powered Hazardous Location LED Light is an ideal lighting solution for remote areas and standalone applications where connection to external power is either impractical or unavailable. This unit is operated via an explosion proof wireless remote…
The Larson Electronics HAL-LED-CPR-C-40-X24VDC hazardous location LED lights provide operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to other hazardous area luminaries. LED technology and a sturdy design make this light perfect for a wide variety of illumination needs. Surface and pendant…
Made in the USAThe HAL-LEDTH-150W-LED from Larson Electronics is a Trailer Hitch Mounted Light Tower is a telescoping pole that allows operators to elevate their light source from 3 to 8.5 feet. The HAL-LEDTH-150W-LED Trailer Hitch Mounted Explosion Proof LED Light Tower produces 17,500 lumens of…
Lens Replacement Kit for HAL-24 Series Hazardous Location Lights. Includes lens, frame and gasket. This is for the 24 series fixtures. Please see HAL-LKA-48 for the 48 series model.
Lens Replacement Kit for HAL-48 Series Hazardous Location Lights. Includes lens, frame and gasket. This is for the 48 series fixtures. Please see HAL-LKA-24 for the 24 series model.
Made in Texas The HAL-LED-SOL-80C-C1D2-20C Solar Powered LED Hazardous Location Light from Larson Electronics is a reliable lighting solution for remote areas and standalone applications where connection to external power is either impractical or unavailable. Charged by a Class I, Division 2 solar…
The Larson Electronics Solar Powered Hazardous Location LED Light is an ideal lighting solution for remote areas and standalone applications where connection to external power is either impractical or unavailable. This hazardous location LED light is powered by two 8aH sealed lead acid batteries…
The Larson Electronics HAL-LB-195W-LED hazardous area location LED light fixture provides operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. LED technology and compact design makes this lamp an excellent replacement upgrade option for areas where…
The Larson Electronics HAL-LP-55W-LED Low Profile LED light fixture provides operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. LED technology and compact design makes this lamp an excellent replacement upgrade option for bulky and high…
The Larson Electronics HAL-LP-70W-LED-PND Low Profile Hazardous Location LED light fixture provides operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. LED technology and compact design makes this lamp an excellent replacement upgrade option for…
Made in the USA The Larson Electronics HAL-LI-48-4L-T8 Hazardous Area Fluorescent Light Fixture is U.S./Canada ETL listed Class 1 Division 2 Groups A, B, C and D and ideal for use in paint spray booth, clean rooms and industrial hazardous locations where accumulated paint and finish residues may be…
Made in the USA The Larson Electronics HAL-LI-48-4L-T5HO Hazardous Area Fluorescent Light Fixture is U.S./Canada ETL listed Class 1 Division 2 Groups A, B, C and D and ideal for use in paint spray booth, clean rooms and industrial hazardous locations where accumulated paint and finish residues may…
Made in Texas The Larson Electronics HAL-LI-48-4L-LED Hazardous Area LED Light Fixture is U.S./Canada ETL listed Class 1 Division 2 Groups A, B, C and D and ideal for use in paint spray booth, clean rooms and industrial hazardous locations where accumulated paint and finish residues may be…
The Larson Electronics HAL-LB-165W-LED hazardous area location LED light fixture provides operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. LED technology and compact design makes this lamp an excellent replacement upgrade option for areas where…
The Larson Electronics HAL-LB-75W-LED hazardous area location LED light fixture provides operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. LED technology and compact design makes this lamp an excellent replacement upgrade option for areas where…
Made in Texas The Larson Electronics HAL-LI-48-2X150LED Hazardous Area LED Lay-In Light Fixture is designed to provide operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. This LED lay-in mount fixture is ETL listed Class 1 Divisions 1 & 2,…
Made in the USA The Larson Electronics HAL-LI-24-1X150LED Hazardous Area LED Light Fixture is designed to provide operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. This LED panel mount fixture is ETL listed Class 1 Divisions 1 & 2, Class 2…
Made in Texas The Larson Electronics HAL-LI-48-2X50LED Hazardous Area LED Lay-In Light Fixture is designed to provide operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. This LED lay-in mount fixture is ETL listed Class 1 Divisions 1 & 2,…
Made in the USA The Larson Electronics HAL-LI-EMG-48-4L-T5HO Hazardous Area Fluorescent Light Fixture is U.S./Canada ETL listed Class 1 Division 2 Groups A, B, C and D and ideal for use in paint spray booth, clean rooms and industrial hazardous locations where accumulated paint and finish residues…
Made in Texas The Larson Electronics HAL-LI-EMG-48-4L-LED Hazardous Area Emergency Backup LED Light Fixture is U.S./Canada ETL listed Class 1 Division 2 Groups A, B, C and D and ideal for use in paint spray booth, clean rooms and industrial hazardous locations where accumulated paint and finish…
*THIS UNIT IS FOR RENTALS* The Larson Electronics RNT-HAL-LB-195W-LED hazardous area location LED light fixture provides operators with a powerful and energy efficient alternative to traditional hazardous location luminaries. LED technology and compact design makes this lamp an excellent replacement…
Light Shield/Reflector for the HAL-CRNM Series Corrosion Resistant Light Fixtures. The shield attaches to the top of the light fixture and captures the light to point the beam in one direction. The shield helps produce a narrow, spot like beam with less spread. This shield works on HAL-CRNM,…
The Larson Electronics RSLED Hazardous Location LED Light Fixture provides operators with powerful and energy efficient illumination in Class I, Division 2 rated work sites. Suitable for high bay or wall pack lighting, this 185-watt unit offers 18,500 lumens of output. LED technology and compact…
The Larson Electronics RSLED-HP Hazardous Location LED Light provides operators with powerful and energy efficient illumination in Class I, Division 2 and ATEX-rated work sites. This 100-watt unit is low profile and offers 10,000 lumens of output. LED technology and a sturdy design make this light…
The Larson Electronics HAL-RSLED-240W Hazardous Location Wall Pack LED Light provides operators with powerful and energy efficient illumination in Class I, Division 2 rated work sites. This 185-watt unit offers 18,500 lumens of output. LED technology and compact design makes this lamp an excellent…
The Larson Electronics HAL-HB-240W-RSLED Hazardous Location High Bay LED Fixture provides operators with powerful and energy efficient illumination in Class I, Division 2 rated work sites. This 185-watt unit offers 18,500 lumens of output. LED technology and compact design makes this lamp an…
The Larson Electronics HAL-TRN-240W-RSLED Hazardous Location LED Light provides operators with powerful and energy efficient illumination in Class I, Division 2 rated work sites. Designed for trunnion mounting applications, this 185-watt unit offers 18,500 lumens of output. LED technology and…
This course consists of readings, assignments and dialogs that have been designed to ensure students of leadership are not only well versed in the area of knowledge known as “systems thinking,” but are able to apply its associated concepts, language and tools within their organizations. As a result of studying both the theoretical frameworks of systems and applying the concepts to real world situations, students will advance their leadership practice through two primary avenues, learning and leading in systems. Coursework will explore how systems leaders are able to identify causal relationships and fundamental strategies for leading through change that avoid the unintended consequences of guesswork and quick fixes. Students will be challenged to go deeper in their thinking in order to increase the scope and effectiveness of their influence and their ability to lead others in the same practices.
Evaluate the value of learning, especially in regard to producing transformational changes in behavior at individual and organizational levels.
Analyze and describe the underlying influences and systemic structures that cause system behaviors to persist.
Judge the validity of foresight in decision making and strategy formulation within interrelated systems with clarity and well-reasoned arguments.
© INTRODUCING LILY COLLINS lily-collins.org • Designed by NWL9 Design • Powered by Coppermine Gallery • Hosted by Fan Sites Network - Privacy Policy - DMCA
Growing up in Europe - in my native Croatia - I was able to experience the simplicity and beauty of island life. Enjoying things as they were in centuries past, always observing and capturing the natural beauty.
I remember my father placing the first camera in my hand, picking me up high above his head during the intense thunderstorms, struggling to keep me there as long as he could, till I felt the perfect picture was captured. The lightning as it lit up the sky across the mountains caught by my little camera seemed all that mattered. Read more...
This is the home page for my work as a student enrolled in Napa Valley College's Broadcast Television Engineering Technology (BTV) program. I've been enrolled since the Fall, 2005 semester. I expect to complete the program at the end of the Spring, 2007 semester.
I moved photos off of this page onto this page in order to keep this more-frequently-accessed page smaller.
Today (October 19, 2006), two reporters from the CBS affiliate station in Sacramento visited the BTV program and made a news video on the program. They graciously also spent time with the students talking about their experiences in broadcast television reporting.
I'm putting files associated with the work I'm doing with software development in the BTV program here.
I've moved all information on the BTV outreach video. Here's the new location for the BTV outreach video.
At each workstation, logout (click the Exit button on the task bar at screen bottom), then press the power button on the workstation (that will shut down the workstation)
After all workstations have completed their shut down process, turn off all power switches on the lower left of the set of racks holding the video server
Turn off the titler computer in the server room (it's a DOS computer, so there is no shutdown or logout procedure needed)
Shut off the cameras and the CCU with the switch marked V on the dual switch box between the CCU cabinet and the mixing board
Shut off the audio board with the switch marked A on the dual switch box between the CCU cabinet and the mixing board
Shut off the studio monitors by switching off the two switches mounted near the control room door just below the row of monitors
Turn off the video switcher and one of the racks in the server room by turning off breaker # 1 in the circuit breaker panel in the server room
Turn off the air conditioner in the server room by turning off ganged breakers # 8/10 in the circuit breaker panel in the server room
Ensure the doors leading to the connecting hall outside the studio and control room are slammed shut or else they might not be secure
KQED is located at 2601 Mariposa Street (at Bryant). Bay Area Video Coalition is located at 2727 Mariposa Street, 2nd Floor. SBC Park is located at 24 Willie Mays Plaza. The above addresses are links to contact/direction pages on the web sites of the respective organizations.
You really should contact me to let me know that you are actually attending, so that we can coordinate carpooling and information sharing.
I'm building a description and outline of the UNIX class, which I'm calling UNIX for Broadcast Engineers.
Here's links to the studio design proposal. The only (!) thing I forgot to include was room for distribution (transmitters and antennas for broadcast, servers for Internet distribution).
While many experienced real estate agents have a general understanding of the mortgage approval process, there are a few important details that frequently get overlooked which may cause a purchase to be delayed or denied.
New regulation, updated disclosures, appraisal guidelines, mortgage rate pricing premiums, credit score, secondary approval layering, rescission deadlines, property type, HOA insurance requirements, title and property flip rules are just a few of the daily changes that can have a serious impact on a borrower’s home loan financing.
With today’s volatile lending environment, it’s obviously important for home buyers to get a full loan approval which clearly defines all contingencies that pertain to each unique home buyer’s scenario prior to spending any time looking at new homes with an agent.
Either way, we’ve listed a few of the top things your agent should keep in mind while showing you new properties:
High-Rise, Condo, Town House, Single Family Residence, Dome Home or Shoe House… all have specific lending guidelines that can influence down payment, credit score and mortgage insurance requirements.
Need to sell one home before moving into another? Is a property considered a second home if it’s in the same city? What if I’m buying a home for my children to live in, it is still considered an investment property?
These are just a few of several possible residence related questions that should be addressed by your agent and loan officer at the initial loan application.
Mortgage Rates are typically locked for a 30 day period, and one of the only ways to get a new rate is to switch mortgage lenders. Rates also have certain adjustments for property / residence type, credit score and down payment which could have a big impact on monthly payments and therefore approvals.
Underwriters watch the news as well. Borrowers who work in a volatile industry during hard economic times may have to jump through a few extra hoops to prove that their employment and income is secure.
Job changes, periods of unemployment or property location in relation to the subject property are other things to consider that may cause a speed bump in the approval process.
A Flip is considered a property that has been purchased by an investor and quickly sold to a new buyer within a 30-90 day period. Generally, an investor will do a little rehab work, fresh paint, landscaping…. and try to re-sell the property for a significant profit margin.
While it seems like a perfectly fair transaction, many lenders have strict guidelines in place that prevent borrowers from obtaining financing on properties that have a previous owner with less than 90 days of documented ownership.
These rules change frequently, and are specific to particular property types, so make sure your agent is aware of all the boundaries associated with your approval letter.
Some lenders require Condos and Town House communities to have sufficient insurance and reserves coverage pertaining to specific ratios on units that are owner occupied vs rented.
It may also take a few weeks and cost up to $300 to receive an HOA Certification, so make sure your Due-Diligence period is set accordingly in the purchase contract.
Appraisal ordering guidelines are changing quite frequently as regulators implement many new consumer protection laws created to prevent future foreclosure epidemics.
Unfortunately, some of the new appraisal regulations have proven to slow the home buying process down, as well as confuse lenders about the true estimate of neighborhood values.
VA, FHA and Conventional loan programs all have separate appraisal ordering policies, so make sure your agent is aware of which loan you’re approved for so that they document any anticipated delays in the purchase contract.
For example, if an appraisal takes three weeks and the average time for an approval is two weeks, then it probably isn’t smart to write a purchase contract with a four week close of escrow.
Most people are surprised to learn what appraisers actually look at when determining the value of a real estate property.
A common misconception homeowners generally have is that the value of their home is determined after the appraiser has completed their physical property inspection.
However, the appraiser actually already has a good idea of the property’s value by the time they have scheduled an appointment to stop by the property.
The good news is that you don’t have to worry so much about pushing back an appointment a few days just to “clean things up” in order to help influence the value of your property.
While a clean house will certainly make it easier for the appraiser to notice improvements, the only time you should be concerned about “clutter” is if it is damaging to the dwelling.
Location, view, topography, lot size, utilities, zoning, external factors, highest and best use, landscaping features…
Curb appeal, lot size, & conforming to the neighborhood are obvious to the appraiser when they drive down into the neighborhood pull up in front of your home.
When entering your home, they are going to look at the overall design, condition, finish work, upgrades, any defining features, functional utility, square footage, number of rooms and health and safety items.
Since the appraisal provides half the weight in any credit decision involving the security of real estate, the appraisal should be done by a qualified, licensed appraiser whom is familiar with your neighborhood, and the type of home you are buying, selling or refinancing.
If you’re interested in what specifically appraisers are looking for, here is a copy of the blank 1040 URAR form that is used by every appraiser in the country.
Appraisers hired for a mortgage transaction on a conforming loan are chosen from a pool of qualified appraisers at random. Neither you nor your lender has the flexibility of deciding which appraiser will inspect your home.
This recent change was brought on with the Home Valuation Code of Conduct HVCC, and is effective with conventional loans originated on or after May 1, 2009.
Why is there such a difference between what my appraised value is and the price similar homes are selling for on my street?
It’s a great question, and you don’t have to be a mortgage professional or a real estate agent to understand the answer.
The purpose of an appraisal is to make sure that an independent non-interested third party verifies the “most likely” sale price based on the market value and condition of the home.
Appraisals are meant to be a realistic determination of the value of a home if it were to sell in the current market, in its current condition.
In addition, appraisers are governed by rules intended to standardize the subjective process of determining a home’s value.
Some of the key factors appraisers look at are: location, above ground size, room count, bathroom count, style of home, condition of property, amenities, and market conditions such as how long it takes for home to sell and if values are increasing, decreasing or steady.
Appraisers are also asked to look only at comparable sales within a certain distance, usually one mile except in rural areas, and within a specified period of time, which is 3 months in the current market.
Listing prices on the other hand are influenced by the real estate agent, and set by interested and often emotional sellers.
Sellers are not held by any rules when they list a home. In some cases, sellers take what they paid for the house, add what they have spent on improvements and even add amount for profit.
Often times, sellers will list their home based on the amount needed to pay for the real estate agent, closing costs and cover the amount of the mortgages.
Extra low prices are generally the result of an extra motivated seller that has to sell and move in a rush, so they’ll list their property below market comps in order to be the most competitive.
Throw in bank owned homes (foreclosed properties), and listing prices may be all over the place without a logical explanation due to an asset manager making decisions from another part of the country.
While list price is never a good indication of what a home in your neighborhood is worth, appraisals are not an exact science that will determine the true value of your home either.
Some will argue that a home is worth what people will pay for it, so there’s obviously a little room for personal interpretation. Either way, the bank securing that piece of real estate for a mortgage loan generally always has the final opinion that matters the most.
Posted in Real Estate Appraisals	Tagged Appraisal, Frequently Asked Questions, LTV, Real Estate, Selling
During periods of economic growth, when home values are typically just going up, most homeowners do not question appraisals much.
And in times of turmoil when property values are declining, home sellers and even listing agents quite often question and pick apart appraisals.
However, the actual appraisal process changed very little over the course of the housing boom and bust cycle American homeowners witnessed between 2001 – 2009.
Since the topic of home values seems to be a hot discussion, let’s address the top five appraisal myths.
Not all improvements to the property are equal in producing added value. A local real estate investment club used to tout buying a run-down, roach-infested property cheap, and after de-bugging and adding a fresh coat of paint and carpet – *presto* – the house would appraise like the new homes up the street.
Even with cosmetic repairs, the property may still be much more comparable to the foreclosure next door than the new home a block away. Look first to the “guts” of the property, the electrical, heating & air, etc. If they are updated, then the number of beds/baths and square footage are the next biggest weight, followed by a genuine updating of cosmetic improvements.
For example, if a homeowner preparing a house to sell adds $150,000 in upgrades to the kitchen, built-in cabinets and flooring, it may help the property show better in an open house and in magazine advertisements.
However, the seller might still be stuck with a $450,000 appraised value like the three comparable properties on their street vs the $750,000 they were hoping to list it for.
Even though the neighborhood across the main street had similar homes in the higher price range, especially after the seller’s extensive upgrades, appraisers will always use homes from the actual neighborhood to establish value first.
It isn’t fair, especially if your home is well-kept and in great condition compared to the run-down foreclosures in the neighborhood.
Unfortunately, if every recent sale, or nearly all sales, are foreclosures at reduced prices, then the appraiser is forced to use the recent sales and trends as comparable values. High foreclosure rates generally depress values and show a trend of lowering prices.
Pools and professional landscaping rarely see a dollar for dollar value add on a property. The value is going to mainly be based on comparable sales in a neighborhood.
This is a typical question for older neighborhoods where similar models may have drastic price differences.
Additional rooms and square footage can be the main reason for one property appraising higher than another.
Keep in mind, just because the market trend in a particular neighborhood is improving over time, the individual properties need to meet the same conditional improvements as the others in order rise with the tide.
An appraiser is looking at several things when determining the value of a property: improvements, size and square footage of the living area, neighborhood amenities, location and the market trends around the area.
It’s obviously easier to picture the process of estimating value on an existing property in a neighborhood that has a history of home sales, but the task of determining the value on new construction projects does pose some challenges.
Appraisals on homes that haven’t been built yet generally require the contractor and home buyer to supply more documentation in order to get a more accurate estimate of the property’s value.
The main purpose of this article is to give an overview of the appraisal process for a home buyer that is building a home vs purchasing standing inventory.
For some, building a new home can be both exciting and overwhelming. Watching a project transform from idea to completed home with a front yard, white picket fence and a custom red front door is a rewarding experience.
Even if you are paying attention to all of the information from the beginning, there are still several details that have a tendency to catch even experienced builders off guard.
Game time decisions have to be made as cabinets and corners line up differently than the initial drawing could show, flooring doesn’t match the wall colors, or the sun hits a window the wrong way at dinner time.
While the last minute updates may cost you more money, they might also have an impact on the value of the property.
The plans or construction drawings are usually done by your builder or architect. It lays out the floor plan of your home, sizes of rooms and square footage of your home.
They should include a floor plan layout, front elevation, real elevation & side elevations, mechanical and electrical details.
A “Spec” sheet has the type of construction materials you will be using. For example, whether your home will be built with standard 2 x 4’s or 2 x 6’s.
It also contains the type of insulation, roofing and exterior products that will be used in the construction, as well as floors, counter tops and appliances for the inside dressing.
The document that breaks down all of the costs associated with the construction, including land, building materials and labor.
A lender can generally provide you with blank forms for the spec and cost breakdown if your builder does not have them.
Shows where your home will sit on the site, any accessory buildings, well and septic locations, if applicable, and the finish grade elevations and direction of the drainage.
Once the lender has obtained the above information from you, they will forward a copy to the appraiser. It is the appraiser’s job to determine what the future value of the home will be once it is completed, per your plans, specs & cost breakdown.
Even though an appraiser will use the cost approach in the appraisal report, it is not the value that will ultimately be used by the lender. The market approach to value, which uses existing sales of homes similar in size, quality, construction and location is the most common approach that lenders want for new construction.
The more complete and detailed your plans, specifications and cost breakdowns are, the more accurate your appraisal will be.
Once your home is complete, the appraiser will be asked to go out and inspect the home. They will report back to the lender what they have found, whether your home was completed according to the plans and specifications originally given, and if the value is the same as originally given in the report.
Sometimes the value has to be adjusted due to changes that were made during construction which may have affected the value of the home.
Most builders have basic plans they work from, and make modifications specific to their clients’ needs. When building a custom home, it’s generally a good idea to work with a reputable architect.
Yes, HUD has a generic form that most lenders use and it will give the appraiser most of the details they need to complete your appraisal. Anything not listed on this form can be added by you separately on an additional sheet.
In most cases, the lender will accept the contract, however, they will want the builder to provide a cost breakdown to ensure that the builder has accurately bid your home.
Posted in Real Estate Appraisals	Tagged Appraisal, First-Time Home Buyer, Frequently Asked Questions, New Construction, Real Estate
Buying a new home is literally a team sport since there are so many tasks, important timelines, documents and responsibilities that all need special care and attention.
Besides working with a professional team that you trust, it’s important that the individual players have the ability to effectively communicate and execute on important decisions together as well.
A Realtor® is a licensed agent that belongs to the National Association of Realtors®, which means they are pledged to a strict Code of Ethics and Standards of Practice.
A common misconception of many First-Time Home Buyers is that hiring a real estate agent will end up costing more money.
However, the typical arrangement in a purchase transaction is for the seller to cover the buyer’s agent commission. In some cases where a new home developer or For Sale By Owner is listing a property and offering a lower price to deal direct, it is still a good idea to have an agent in your corner to protect your financial and investment interests.
Considering that some buyers may see 5-7 real estate transactions in a lifetime, compared to an agent that closes the same amount in a month, it is obvious to see that there is a big advantage to having the ability to rely on that experience when your home and security is on the line.
A mortgage professional (loan officer, mortgage planner, loan consultant, etc.) is the glue that holds the entire transaction together (biased comment).
In addition to establishing the purchase price and monthly payment a borrower can qualify for, the mortgage team will also need to communicate with all of the other players on the home buying team throughout the entire process.
The lender in any mortgage transaction will require a homeowner’s insurance policy (hazard insurance).
This policy protects the property in the case of fire, theft or other damage (except flood or earthquake, those are separate policies and may be optional).
If it is determined that the property that you want to purchase is in a flood zone, flood insurance is not optional, it is mandatory.
Also, some states use closing attorneys and there are still a few states where they use abstract of title instead of title insurance.
The title and escrow officers are often thought of as the same role, but in reality are quite different positions.
The title officer takes care of all issues that have to do with the title (also referred to as the deed) of the property.
The lender may require a title insurance policy guaranteeing that the title is clear of all liens except those being filed by the lender.
Escrow takes care of receiving, signing, and notarizing the final loan documentation, as well as collecting the other paperwork associated with the home sale.
The escrow officer is a neutral third party that makes sure no money is transferred until all conditions for each side are met.
Finally, the escrow officer will see that you are properly recorded as the new owner with the county.
When you have found the home that you like, it is a wise idea to have a professional take a look at the home to see if there are any issues with the property that could be a problem in the future.
Even though some buyers have an “Uncle Joe” who has owed several homes and knows what to look for, a certified Home Inspector can be money well spent.
They will look at the functionality of the home to make sure the electrical, plumbing and physical aspects of the home are strong, which will help the buyer make an educated decision about following through with the purchase, or renegotiating certain aspects of the contract.
Keep in mind, the home inspector and appraiser have different jobs. An appraiser determines value, while the inspector looks for structural problems, defects or maintenance issues.
The inspector is doing this strictly for the buyer’s sake. The lender is not concerned if a faucet has a minor leak as long as the property is worth the sales price. Therefore, the lender generally does not require an inspection unless the purchase contract requires one.
So, an inspection is not required, but it is recommended. As a matter of fact, one of the forms in an FHA application package is one that says “For Your Protection: Get a Home Inspection.”
While the appraiser is typically never seen by the home buyer, an appraisal is obviously an important component of a home purchase transaction.
The appraiser will conduct an analysis of the property to determine the current market value. The bank will always require an appraisal, and in some cases need a second opinion of value if the program guidelines or loan amount require it.
Appraisers compare the sales prices of similar properties sold in the neighborhood and surrounding areas with the subject property.
This can be a very tricky process, especially if there are few properties to choose from, or if there is an overwhelming amount of foreclosures and short sale listings.
Now, since two homes are rarely identical, the appraiser has the difficult job of trying to compare apples to apples; sometimes red delicious to yellow delicious, or sometimes Fuji to Winesap.
When done, the estimate of value is given. If that value is below the purchase price, then negotiation may take place. If it is at or above the purchase price, we are ready to go forward.
Short sales, foreclosures and new construction homes all have caveats that need to be considered when pursuing financing.
If the guidelines and potential pitfalls are not properly understood, you could face delays in closing or potentially even a denied loan.
Short sales and foreclosures are everywhere. They often represent great value when looking to by a new home.
However, they also present a unique set of problems that homebuyers need to be aware of and plan for.
Typically, when homeowners are facing foreclosure or looking to short sell their house, it means they lack the financial means to pay the mortgage or maintain the property.
A property in poor health can cause many financing issues for traditional financing. FHA loans have specific rules requiring that the property is move-in-ready, unless you’re using a 203(k) Rehab Loan.
Each bank is different, but approval can take anywhere between a week to 120 days. As a general rule, the larger the bank the longer it takes to get short sale approval.
The lack of a set timeframe for short sale approval makes the timing of loan submission, rate locks and closing very challenging. You have your approval conditions cleared to close on time, just to find out that new appraisals, income, employment and asset verifications need to be updated by an underwriter to cover the most recent 30 days. Worst case, purchase contracts and legal documents may have to be re-submitted to a bank for an updated approval.
Home buyers looking to purchase new construction using FHA financing will have more hoops to jump through than those purchasing through conventional (Fannie Mae / Freddie Mac) financing.
If you want to use FHA financing to purchase new construction then you need to be aware of a number of issues that can trip you up.
First, you MUST have a certificate of occupancy (C.O.) certifying that the property is complete and move-in-ready. If you do not have this then you typically CANNOT go FHA. You’ll need a renovation loan, but a FHA 203K WILL NOT work.
In addition to the C.O. you’ll need some combination of the following documents as dictated by your lender and your unique situation:
There are a number of factors which go into exactly what combination of documentation will be required to satisfy your lender and FHA, so it is best to work with an experienced loan officer when purchasing new construction with FHA financing.
If you plan on using conventional Fannie Mae / Freddie Mac financing you’ll still have hoops to jump through, just not as many as FHA. You’ll also have a higher down payment requirement and the credit qualification guidelines tend to be stricter.
Whether it be FHA financing, conventional financing or renovation financing, it’s important to have a qualified home buying team in place that can lead you through the maze of paperwork and negotiations.
Posted in Home Buying Process	Tagged Appraisal, Down Payment, Foreclosure, Government Loans, Investment Property, Real Estate Terms, Short Sale
A mortgage is generally the largest debt most homeowners have to manage. It’s a good idea to give your personal real estate finance portfolio a check-up at least once a year.
Since there are many reasons a homeowner may choose to refinance, we’ll take a look at the four most common.
Typically, the most common reason that homeowners refinance their mortgage is to secure a lower interest rate. Interest rate and loan amount determines the total cost that a borrower will pay. The lower the interest rate, the less the overall cost will be. Interest is calculated on a daily basis and usually paid back to the lender on a monthly basis.
Lowering a mortgage payment can be achieved by lowering the mortgage rate, lengthening the loan term, combining two or more loans or removing mortgage insurance.
Refinancing an Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) to a new Fixed Rate Mortgage (FRM), combining a first and second mortgage or paying off a balloon loan are three possible reasons to explore a refinance.
If there is sufficient equity, sometimes paying off consumer debt by combining all debts into one lower monthly mortgage payment can significantly reduce the short-term deficits in a budget. However, it’s important to keep in mind the total cost of that debt by adding it into a 30 year mortgage payment.
No, you may choose any company to refinance your mortgage since the new loan will replace the existing mortgage.
It is possible your current mortgage company may require less documentation, but this could add additional cost or a higher interest rate. Do your homework and shop around to make sure you’re getting a great deal.
No, you will have to qualify for your new refinance. However, certain programs will allow for reduced documentation like a FHA to FHA Streamline Refinance.
Price No Min $150,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $600,000 $700,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $2,000,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $7,000,000 $10,000,000
Select Max Price No Max $150,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $600,000 $700,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $2,000,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $7,000,000 $10,000,000
Rumford at its best. This gem is on one of Rumford's premier streets and the incredible curb appeal is carried throughout the house. The inviting exterior features handsome automatic replicated garage doors, and attractive landscape in both front and rear. The living room with brick gas fireplace leads to a sweet, screened in porch. Between the living room and kitchen is the dining room with bay window and direct access to the yard. Spectacular best describes the kitchen: oversized honed granite island and countertops, two stainless sinks, six-burner Thermador gas cooktop and 2 ovens, Swarovski crystal pendants, built in Subzero refrigerator with 2 freezer drawers, a 2-drawer built-in Kitchen Aid dishwasher, and a twin-bed size window seat with storage beneath. The kitchen area offers mega storage and direct access to the rear yard and attached garage. A full bath completes the 1st floor. The second floor may be accessed by two staircases, one that leaves from the kitchen and one from the front hall. A curved formal front staircase takes you to the master bedroom with walk-in closet, 2 wardrobes, and access to a private deck. Down the hall are a double bedroom, a full bath, an inviting sitting room, a bedroom/office, laundry, and 4th bedroom. Included are living room and den TV's included.
East Providence is a city with a mix of quiet and waterfront neighborhoods, as well as several major shopping areas. The Seekonk and Providence Rivers are to the west, Narragansett Bay is to the south, and the Running and Ten Mile Rivers (including the Reservoir and Central Pond) are along most of its eastern border.
The real estate data on this web site comes in part from the IDX Program of the State-Wide Multiple Listing Service, Inc. The IDX information is provided exclusively for consumers’ personal, non-commercial use, and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. Information deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Copyright© 2018 State-Wide MLS, Inc. All rights reserved. Data last updated 11/12/18.
BRUSSELS — The International Fraternity of Climate Scientists has again issued dire predictions for the stability of weather patterns, saying that because global temperatures will continue to rise, women must remove their tops now — before it’s too late.
“As carbon emissions continue to wreak havoc on weather, women may find themselves getting warm, even feeling like they might faint,” said Dr. Frederic Geerts, president of the all-male climate science organization that was founded in Brussels in 1921 during a weekend of heavy drinking and inordinate barometric pressure readings. “We cannot wait any longer for the world’s ladies to disrobe.”
The warnings come amid contradictory suggestions from Dr. Hamoud Alessa, a respected climatologist who leads a research team at Shaqra University in Saudi Arabia. Alessa confirms that global temperatures are rising, but he says that women everywhere should cover themselves, completely if possible, to avoid damage from the heat.
“Women should not be taking off pieces of clothing,” Alessa said. “In fact, they must show less skin if we want to combat the deleterious effects of climate change on their virtue.”
Geerts counters that women are getting all hot, and they want to take off their shirts anyway. Now is the time for them to unbutton their blouses — before their hands get all sweaty after temperatures climb, he says.
“We cannot let the deniers and skeptics confuse us with pseudoscience,” Geerts said. “Women everywhere know it’s getting hot, and they’d feel a lot better letting the breeze cool them.”
Alessa responded by saying: “I implore women everywhere to cover up, before my peer Dr. Geerts starts running around like a dog and humping everyone’s legs, as happened last time Belgium suffered from a heat wave.”
Another all-male research team from the University of Sao Paulo in Brazil has offered yet a third suggestion, which is that some women should indeed remain covered, but others, particularly Patricia Guilhoto, a graduate student in the climatology department, should feel free to take off her shirt, as long as she does it slowly.
February 13, 2018 - Optimistic Daniel Hemric opens 2018 Xfinity Series Season ... February 13, 2018 - NASCAR Stars Daniel Hemric and Kyle Busch Headline Late Model Winter Showdown ...
When I started on this adventure to learn Java and in turn learn android I thought this journey was going to be easy. My assumptions were based on the fact that I had previous programming experience. Granted that experience was well over 10 years ago and involved QBasic, Pascal, and Visual Basic.
Java and object-oriented programming are difficult and confusing subjects to master. I am continuing on my journey and I am fully dedicated to teaching myself the skills. The time involved in this endeavor is much greater than I anticipated.
My advice to anyone trying to accomplish this task without a solid programming background, is to seek out a classroom environment or a dedicated friend/tutor. Another requirement for this endeavor is lots and lots and lots of coffee.
Hi there, fun to read your quest to learn Android. I seem to be in the same situation as you where, I learned visual basic about 10 years ago, and did some asp web programming and have some SQL experience but never wrote one line of object oriented code.
Do you still recommend ‘Head First Java, 2nd Edition’ to start my own quest? I would like to be able to create some simple Android apps, and since I’m out of a job, I have plenty of time now…
I think it got me in the right Direction to build an Android App. Now if you looking to learn programming to better your career chances, I might think of learning something different from Java right now.
i thought i was alone. i too many moons ago was doing programming in assembly language mainly writing utilities, i started out with the zx speccy 48k and then for the commodore 64. a months ago i tried to get with the android laguage and still cannot get my head around it.
im copying examples from books but some how it all doesn’t make sense in my head, to make matters worse all sites and most books aproach the learning curve from the same angle “hello android”, “hello world” or other useless examples that will not help the new beginner.
back in the back to do programming all you had to do was learn the language instructions and have a good imagination of what you wanted.
what i see in android, that one is nearly required to know the ins and out of classes and all the ins and outs of 1000’s of api’s
blocking me from progressing… this android java stuff is for new developers who have not got 15 years of programming baggage or for users who have time and/mmoney
Experience seekers can get up near and personal With all the museum's touch tank that features sea urchins and starfish or take a look at the massive lagoon full of nurse sharks and tropical fish. Nature lovers can hike alongside one among the character trails or take a look at the Marathon Wild Bird Middle, a hen rehabilitation Centre for wounded or orphaned birds. Located at MM fifty.5, Crane Position Hammock is open up Monday via Saturday 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Sunday noon to five p.m.
Note: This information was accurate when it absolutely was printed, but can modify all of sudden. Make sure you make sure to substantiate all rates and aspects instantly with the businesses in question right before setting up your trip.
Jointly, they're able to attempt new sports from the Lively-Life style vacation spot like fishing, snorkeling, diving or sailing, learning some expertise in as minor as two times or embracing the last word experience with a weeklong journey.
5 Day Miami Experience Surrounded by drinking water and residential to two nationwide parks, skydiving, h2o sports and swamp stomping - Miami’s acquired a wild aspect.
Pay a visit to an eco-tour outfitter within the Keys and odds are you'll be on the lookout out the window at such environmentally interesting areas as Vital Largo, where freshwater within the Everglades mixes With all the saltwater of Florida Bay.
Commit the day at 1 of these attractions and your Young ones should have no issues slipping asleep during the night.
Guests can fall in seven days weekly, dawn to sunset, and wander throughout the Laura Quinn Wild Hen Sanctuary towards the open up h2o of Florida Bay in which you’ll see a lot of the long term residents in conjunction with cost-free-traveling birds of many species. Donations and volunteerism are gratefully recognized.
Investigate family helpful things to do in Downtown Miami like museums, in which to shop, and exhibits that everybody will enjoy.
Tradition or experience? You could learn each in St. Augustine and Ponte Vedra Seashore. Expertise attractions exactly where historic web sites and modern day-working day storytelling bring the Previous Metropolis to life. Phase again in time by going for walks brick-lined streets Keeping reliable items of our previous, or by traveling to forts that kept pirates at bay.
Place sharks, stingrays, porpoise and huge sea turtles, see submerged ships from the distinct waters and snorkel the reefs to determine colorful tropical fish and living coral.
At the conclusion of This system, individuals Collect within the beach while the guideline explains what Anyone has just caught, passing the creatures all-around in miniature viewing tanks.
Having close to inside the Florida Keys is so simple as Using a bicycle — basically. Whole-support bicycle stores through the entire Keys help readers and locals alike lessen their carbon footprint with bicycle rentals and companies such as free bicycle supply.
Furthermore, it includes a re-development on the NBC six tv studio as well as a Performing tunes studio wherein aspiring rock stars can lay down tracks and play devices.
It is really tough to say who enjoys this outsized drinking water park much more – Young children or Grown ups. Big Kahuna's presents much more than forty thrilling h2o attractions, a few tropical mini golfing programs, two wild and rapidly go-kart tracks, two adrenaline-pumping rides. You'll need a blast.
Our range of kitchen design speaks for itself. Based on our clients demand, we can use MDF, Acrylic board or post-formed door panels to make that dream kitchen for them. We pay a lot of attention to detail in delivering our products by using modern kitchen faucets, proper stainless steel or ceramic sinks, metalic drawer runners and hydraulic hinges in our cabinettery paired with a sharp metalic base panel that adds a contemporary elegance to our kitchens.
We provide various types of lkitchens based on your space, taste and budget. Our most common include;
Linear kitchen: It's straight line kitchen taht can come with either base and upper unit cabinets or only base unit cabinets.
L-shaped Kitchen: This type of kitchen comes in L form with either based and upper unit cabinets or only base unit cabinets.
U-shaped Kitchen: this type of kitchen takes a U pattern with either based and upper unit cabinets or only base unit cabinets.
A full kitchen with Island: this type of kitchen can come in the above mentioned pattern with either base and upper unit cabinets or only base unit cabinets. In addition, there is a center piece known as Island in the center of the kitchen.
Purpose - The consumer is currently feeling the consequences of the global economic crisis, leading to decreased spending by tourists. An important economizing strategy appears to be that vacationers do not give up their holiday but are likely to travel closer to home, a phenomenon called "staycation", but this is just one of a variety of options vacationers can use. If they make economies within a holiday, where do they get their ideas about economizing from? The purpose of this paper is to study information searching from the perspective of economizing on vacations.
Design/methodology/approach - The work reported on is a survey of Dutch vacationers who stated that they economized on their 2009 holiday.
Findings - The research shows that different sources have strong and weak points in relation to the different subdecisions that constitute a vacation. Information sources are used in concert for subdecisions; the strongest joint use involves marketer-generated sites and e-WOM, and brochures and travel guides. In the family context, a tendency is found to use more information sources the more economizing decisions are discussed.
Practical implications - For tour operators, it seems to make sense to make it easier to compare vacation alternatives that differ on subdecisions such as booking moment and period, and to offer a range of options from expensive to inexpensive. Also, making options more flexible in terms of downgrading on vacation features could assist vacationers who want to economize. Consumer-generated sources could focus more on providing information and comparison opportunities for subdecisions.
Originality/value - Information searching is a widely studied area in vacation decision making. Two extensive literature reviews give an overview of factors influencing this search process. In this literature, a contribution on information searching to obtain economizing ideas in difficult times is absent. In this article, with the aid of five research questions, the role of information searching in relation to economizing on vacations is investigated.
If you believe that digital publication of certain material infringes any of your rights or (privacy) interests, please let the Library know, stating your reasons. In case of a legitimate complaint, the Library will make the material inaccessible and/or remove it from the website. Please Ask the Library, or send a letter to: Library of the University of Amsterdam, Secretariat, Singel 425, 1012 WP Amsterdam, The Netherlands. You will be contacted as soon as possible.
Her son John listed her as being born in Alabama and her son Andrew listed her as being born in Miss. on the 1880 McCulloch County Census.
[1511] She is living in her daughter Ollie's household on the 1910 McCulloch Co., Texas census, she is listed as widowed and 57 years old.
after the band decides to finish -lets say at 1 and half an hour 1:30 crawls out Red Shadow, who asked to say
to you he's into psychobilly death rock this time, but! not as always, he'll be good.. Then hour later he goes,
and dj Yan will take his place. and then starts the mess, which starts all over and we all think out who goes
next. This a sketch of timing in a vague frame, for real you await for dj Roger, and O await for dj'in Shade.
concerts, videos, as always, or is it another movie, we will see.. See you, we lust to make it all the
realimpossible right way. Though made in haste a party, it is us True LaLa and Citadel, undertheground for you
It's a difficult question because there are so numerous possibilities and alternatives for the customers. Therefore, you need to be original plus provide your solutions in an original method.
Nowadays, one of the most fashionable and future occupation is laboring in information technology. Because our laptops are becoming more modern any year, so there are people needed, who knows how make do whole applications and stuff. You don't have any experience in this branch, but you like to work there anyway? No issue at all. There are plenty of opportunities to career IT is also affordable. You are a humanist? or maybe an economist? Profession should be find for anyone, you only have to know how to look for it.
In present times, women are far more interesting in their looks. We're wearing make up, visiting barber, buying pretty dresses, in which we are looking really well. But also important thing is to take care of our silhouette. To do so, it is not enough to use a raw-till-4 diet or something, we must to exercise. When you want to begin jogging, or going to the gym or aerobic center, you have to get yourself a decent pair of shoes. But where to find it, without wasting a lot of cash on it?
You probably know that bmw is commonly well-known for its innovation. Nevertheless, when I write “innovation” I don’t mean just typical car things, like for example new type of engine or similar things. I am a girl so I am not at all into such things at all. I don’t understand a lot of topics which men discuss when they discuss cars. Nonetheless, I like bmw because they have practical solutions that are useful for every open-minded driver.
We commonly know, that giving present to our good friend can create a lot of fun. In the majority of cases we are obligated to buy something regarding different occasions.
How to choose mining equipment manufacturer in such a way that we would be satisfied with for a quite sufficient period of time?
Underground drilling is a process that improvingly corporations as well as private buyers are keen on. It is connected with the fact that, first of all, in order to make responsible moves we would be pleased with in terms of management of our property as well as using it in most proper way, we ought to be aware of the fact that there is no more popular trend in this field as to make use of the space available underground.
Read more about How to choose mining equipment manufacturer in such a way that we would be satisfied with for a quite sufficient period of time?
Today, the text will present 1 of the task which would not be achievable to finish without the specialized tool, the employee time tracking. That text will present how it is possible to make a pro cartoon film by numerous workers who work together only in the virtual globe.
It is 1 of the most commonly requested queries by men and ladies who speak to the experienced supervisors who work with lots of men and women, hire many workers and make a lot of work.
This page developed and maintained by the Policy Committee. Send comments and suggestions to marketing@ccri.edu .
This courgette pie with tomatoes and a filling of ricotta and parmesan cheeses is a perfect summer dish. It is a delicious and light pie.
Add flour, salt to a food processor. Pulse to combine. Add softened butter, eggs and water. Let the food processor run until the mixture begins to come together into a ball. Add more water, if necessary. Cover the pie crust with plastic wrap and chill in the fridge for at least 2 hours.
On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough out into a circle. Place the rolled crust on the baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Spread the ricotta cheese mixture over the pie crust but leave clear around the edges.
Top with the sliced courgette and tomatoes. Sprinkle with parmesan cheese. Season with more salt and pepper.
Fold the edges of the dough up and over the filling. Bake until the pie crust is golden, approximately 45 minutes.
Bota 13945 Lahela de moda Lahela de Lucky Brand para mujer Lucky Negro 75a4c22 Straight from Appendix F of our "Screwdriver Expert's Guide", this lists thousands of CB radios alphabetically by the PLL chip they use. Find your CB model in the list and you'll see exactly which coils, controls, or parts to tweak for maximum RF power output and modulation.
Includes 95% of all mobile & base crystal-synthesized CBs! Use these 36 charts to figure out those "dead channel" or "dead channel group" symptoms in the older models, or figure your own new frequencies for modifications. Download and print for a handy reference!
Learn advanced frequency modifications using these amazing programmable chips. This 60-page manual picks up where THE CB PLL DATA BOOK leaves off. Even includes PC board artwork to make your own modification circuits for many popular PLL chips. The EPROM book's now out of print, and this free download is the only way to learn about this subject!
Please browse this Web site or download our paper catalog in Acrobat .PDF (633Kb) or Word .DOC (1Mb) for the kind of unusual CB radio stuff you just wont find anywhere else. We specialize in technical information and high-performance accessories for CB radios. Our products include books, plans, kits, and modification info for CB and 10 Meter Ham operators. Over 100,000 copies of our do-it-yourself books have been sold around the world since 1976. The giant 370-page tech manual UNDERSTANDING & REPAIRING CB RADIOS is already in most city libraries around the U.S., and is referenced in the Grolier CD-ROM encyclopedia. Find out why!
FREE! SAMS CB Fotofacts?Model Index Plus, including over 30 years worth of unlisted and little known model data from our own files. Over 1700 CBs. See if the tech info you need to maintain & repair those older radios is still available. Print the list for a handy reference!
All orders include a current paper catalog of everything we offer. If you'd rather study the paper catalog before ordering, please download and print the PDF version above, or send $3 (USA & Canada) or $6 (Air Mail all other countries) to cover mailing costs. See the "Contact Us" link. Download Now! Tobillo y botín Complete CB Specialties catalog (633Kb in Acrobat .PDF)
Richardson's Virginia & North Carolina almanac, for the year of our Lord, 1863 : being the third after bissextile or leap year, the eighty-seventh of American independence, and the second of the Southern Confederacy :: Confederate Imprints
Richardson's Virginia & North Carolina almanac, for the year of our Lord, 1863 : being the third after bissextile or leap year, the eighty-seventh of American independence, and the second of the Southern Confederacy
Title Richardson's Virginia & North Carolina almanac, for the year of our Lord, 1863 : being the third after bissextile or leap year, the eighty-seventh of American independence, and the second of the Southern Confederacy
Enter and submit your email address below to receive highlights and information from our members every week
French Furniture Gillows Furniture Italian Furniture Mahogany Furniture Military Campaign Furniture Oak Furniture Pine Furniture Victorian Furniture
German Ceramics Italian Ceramics Japanese Ceramics Maiolica Statues Stoneware Terracotta Welsh Ceramics
If you wish to receive weekly updates from Online Galleries regarding new items added to our website, please tick this box.
Animal Kingdom is an adrenaline-charged drama starring Ellen Barkin as the matriarch of a Southern California family whose excessive lifestyle is fueled by their criminal activities.
A vast open world and sandbox where you're given the freedom to build, craft and destroy your own creations while defending against the dangers of this blocky world. Explore the dark depths of caverns, scour open plains and forests or climb snowy peaks on an adventure all of your own making.
UpdateProgressWindow Deprecated. This class is no longer maintained and may be removed sometime in the future; its functionality has been replaced by the new implementation of ProgressReportingWindow and ProgressReporter usage.
© Copyright 2018 Vero Vine Online Grapevine. Website by Vero Beach Advertising. All Rights Reserved. All logos and trademarks are owned by the respective businesses they represent.
Collection Description This database contains entries from a Fort Collins building permit book that is in the Local History Archive's collection, Box BP-1. The book covers the years 1920-1949.
Keep up on our always evolving product features and technology. Enter your e-mail and subscribe to our news email list
DST ended Past Sunday, October 28, 2018 at 3:00Sunday, October 28, 2018 at 3:00 AM The clocks were put back an hour.
DST begins Expected Sunday, March 31, 2019 at 2:00Sunday, March 31, 2019 at 2:00 AM The clocks will be put forward an hour.
DST ends Expected Sunday, October 27, 2019 at 3:00Sunday, October 27, 2019 at 3:00 AM The clocks will be put back an hour.
The length of a solar day is determined by the time that it takes for the Earth to complete a full rotation around its axis and equals 24 hours. The Earth’s rotation on its axis leads to change between day and night. Another consequence of this rotation is the fact that while moving by 15° from West to East local solar time increases by an hour.
In everyday life people use official local time which almost always differs from solar time. All of the Earth’s surface is divided into time zones. All places within the same time zone observe the same time. Time zone boundaries usually follow country or administrative borders. Time difference between adjacent time zones normally equals one hour, though sometimes time in neighbouring time zones may differ by two or more hours. There are also cases when adjacent time zone difference equals 30 or 45 minutes.
For most countries the entire country’s territory lies within the same time zone. Countries whose territory stretches from West to East by a significant distance, such as Russia, USA, Canada, Brazil and some others, are usually divided into a few time zones. One notable exception is China where Beijing time serves as the official time all over the country.
Almost all countries in Europe and North America as well as many other countries observe Daylight Saving Time (DST) and put their clocks an hour forward in the spring and an hour back in the autumn. In these countries time zone offsets from UTC change twice a year. Most countries do not observe DST though.
In compliance with Drug and Cosmetic Act and Rules, we don't process requests for Schedule X and other habit forming drugs.
For Schedule H and H1 drugs, you need to upload a valid prescription from a registered medical practitioner.
On the return swing around the short circular Window Overlook Trail in the Chisos Basin at Big Bend National Park, the dove caught my eye.
My short zoom lens fits most occasions, but I needed a longer reach. I snapped a couple of photos just to have something to show for the effort, then quietly pulled off my pack and retrieved my longer zoom.
A blog about History in general and Ancient History in particular. Do feel free to drop comments or posts if you feel the inclination
A documentary on the Hittites by the BBC. It contains some very interesting shots of reconstructions of Hattusha but some of the history is a little hyperbolic and possibly inaccurate in places.
In this wondrous, terrifying novel, Dewey Walsey and his pregnant wife Judith have fled Hollywood to escape the disastrous, career-wrecking failure of "Silver Rainbow", the western epic he wrote. Their peaceful summer on an unpopulated island in Maine turns ominous as strange and disturbing events begin to occur around their isolated cottage. On the day of a monstrous early winter blizzard, the electricity fails at the same time Judith goes into labor, weeks ahead of schedule. She suffers a profound nervous breakdown and tries to take her own life by slashing her wrists in the bathtub. Alone against the elements, Dewey must deliver their premature baby while also caring for his wife's sudden and harrowing predicament. As Dewey and Judith alternate orchestrating the reins of narration, they each attempt to clarify their side of what they say really happened. Surreal Estate is an unsettling, darkly comic tale, full of startling revelations and nerve-racking surprises, whose suspense keeps tightening until the macabre pieces of the puzzle come together in a hair-raising finale.
2nd grade observed the characteristics of the predominant art form of the Kuna Indians of the San Blas Islands in Panama. Known as a mola, this art form is created by sewing colorful layers of fabric around a main design, typically of an animal or plant.
Since 2nd grade is learning about symmetry, they used a symmetrical cutout piece of white paper to create the face of the animal that they observed in the shape. Students used a layering technique with paper to create the rest of their symmetrical molas.
I am a 12th year art teacher in the Littlestown Area School District. I have a BA in Art from Shippensburg University & and Master of Education in Educational Program Design from the University of the Arts. I look forward to aiding my students in the creative thinking process and the new ideas they generate in the art room with every challenge they are presented with. Please feel free to share your ideas with me and borrow what suits your students' needs.
Paul Klee (sounds like clay) was a Switzerland born artist who admired children's art. He was an artist, violinist, writer and a teacher...
3rd grade creates artwork based on their knowledge of a "Timeline of Art" which continues in 4th grade. 3rd grade starts their tim...
4th grade learned about famous artist, inventor, scientist, mathematician, and architect, Leonardo Da Vinci and focused on his flying mach...
How can lines show direction? Horizontal Vertical Diagonal 1st grade observed the various lines they saw around the art room. The str...
1st grade observed several pictures of cityscape and made an observation list of the lines, shapes, and juicy details. Since they just did ...
How can we communicate through body language? Keith Haring Body Language Action Lines Contour Lines Keith Haring was an incredible a...
This year, our elementary school immersed itself in the studies of Africa and its many countries. First grade learned about the art of mask...
So successful were our sailboats for our Square1 Art Fundraiser last year, we did them again! How can we use colors to communicate? War...
How can artists combine colors using pastels? How can you recognize artworks created with pastels? Medium Color Blending Soft Pastels ...
How can paper and glue be used to create works of art to create works of art? Why would artists choose to work in collage? Collage P...
If this is your domain name, please visit this page to see how to register it as DNS zone into your account.
Note: If you already have registered the DNS zone for your domain name, please wait for DNS propagation. Your web site will be displayed soon. It may take few minutes.
Lakawon Beach Festival may just be the perfect reason for you to explore more of the Philippines–Lakawon Island in particular! Here’s a guide to what you need to know about Lakawon Beach Festival. Lakawon Beach Festival A music festival located on a tropical island? Yes, please! Lakawon Beach Festival as the name itself suggests is...
The following streets will be closed for road pavement repairs during the next two weeks (click for general overview map).
June 6 (yellow): Colonial Drive, Avondale Drive, Hillcrest Lane, Tamarack Way, Foothill Lane, Briggs Blvd., Oak Road West (south of Cedar Hills Drive),
Roads in your subdivision are having a pavement preservation treatment installed that will help significantly extend the life of asphalt streets. The benefits of properly maintained streets include higher property values, a smoother/safer ride, and reduced costs to the community by prolonging the need for replacement.
Work will commence at 7:00 AM and the streets being treated will be closed for 24-36 hours. A tow truck will be called for any cars parked on the streets scheduled to be treated that day. Please do not park within 50 feet of any street being worked on. Towing expenses will be the owner’s responsibility.
You will be liable for damage to your vehicle and to repair the area of road you have driven on. Minimum repair cost is $600, maximum $3,000, to repair the installed surface treatment. In the event of a life threatening emergency, emergency vehicles will not be stopped from driving on the treated surface.
Water may damage the installation of the surface treatment. Please do not have sprinklers, hoses, etc… set to come on 24 hours before the road closure, during the road closure, or 24 hours after the road closure. THE CITY WILL TURN OFF THE MAIN VALVES TO THE SECONDARY WATER SYSTEM THE DAY BEFORE AND THE DAY OF PAVING. THE VALVES WILL BE OPENED BY THE CITY THE DAY AFTER PAVING. Damage due to outdoor water use will result in the same repair cost of $600 minimum, $3,000 maximum, to repair the installed surface treatment.
In general it is recommended that people with acne follow these tips. For more information about our acne treatment… https://t.co/YuCCj3CST9
Did you know that 90% of people who seek treatment for acne will see an improvement after 3 months! For more infor… https://t.co/Q3wK2xhR4E
What areas of the body can be affected by acne? 99% face, 60% back, 15% chest. For more info about our acne treatme… https://t.co/NCnWhjNSxf
CTA offers free breakfast, lunch and snack program to all the students through The National School Lunch Program (OSSE) which is a federally assisted meal program. It provides nutritionally balanced, low-cost or free lunches to children each school day. The National School Lunch Program offers to help schools serve snacks to children in afterschool activities aimed at promoting the health and well-being of children and youth in our communities.
The Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program (FFVP) is a federally assisted program providing free fresh fruits and vegetables to students in participating elementary schools during the school day. The goal of the FFVP is to improve children’s overall diet and create healthier eating habits to impact their present and future health. The FFVP will help schools create healthier school environments by providing healthier food choices; expanding the variety of fruits and vegetables children experience; and increasing children’s fruit and vegetable consumption.
FFVP can be an important tool in our efforts to combat childhood obesity. The Program has been successful in introducing school children to a variety of produce that they otherwise might not have the opportunity to sample.
The various partnerships that FNS and state agencies have developed in the public and private sectors, as well as the dedicated work of school administrators, have contributed to the overall success and acceptance of the program. FFVP is consistent with and supports the Institute of Medicine’s recommendations to provide healthier snack choices in schools.
We’d love to stay in touch ! Please subscribe to receive updates and information from Cedar Tree Academy.
Every child deserves an excellent education and the opportunity to graduate from college. Your donation to Cedar Tree Academy provides the above-and-beyond programming and supports that are central to our students’ success. Thank you for helping our students rise to and through college.
Cedar Tree Academy students are proving what’s possible for students in the District of Columbia. Our young scholars develop the knowledge, skills, character needed to lead successful lives full of choice and opportunity.
You will discover endless makewebsitenow.ca likelihood of website design and development. There are options available to design static websites, embedded Thumb pieces-included Thumb or Static pieces. A great web constructing company should start with a questionnaire related to everything from style style to content as well as concentrate on users to website goals for through the planning stage. There should be talks about the needs and, if required, make important changes until a mutually agreed upon requirements are available within the best possible style. If it is greater project, a blue art print of functionality is manufactured. The directions since determined inside the planning level are made using of in the design and style stage. Using the internet site and pages are built during the creation stage. If you have any require of operation to be added, the necessary programming is done along with addition of >> content to the website. The good quality assurance is taken care of in all levels of creation. All the webpages of the site are inspected on every browsers to check on cross line abiliyy along with different top features of the site. Every one of the fixes, revisions, and changes are done and fully examined contracts off.
For your powerful business, the necessity of having a solid Internet presence is of primary importance. With all the height of recognition of sites which has never been seen before, it causes it to be imperative with an online occurrence that should have a desirable internet site, a constantly updated weblog and a social media site. However , having all these features is the ideal and it is only if you stand above the rival is what is important at the end of the day. With custom styles, you are sure to keep the company stand above the rest of the competitors. You will discover good reasons to implement tailor made designs. You crucial rationale being the application of design design templates by organization websites that are found everywhere.
One good example is custom made design weblogs that are sure to make your blog stand out from the typical run-o-the-mull blogs of other companies' websites, helping you having a better place far easier. It can be of high importance to formulate a custom-designed blog page by a person with professional web design background, skilled enough in coming up with blogs for businesses. Although, there are numerous people to seen around whom are involved in weblog designing, the fact is that there is a purpose for the purpose of sizeable knowledge, primarily when there exists a need to combine elements of SEO (Search Engine Optimization) with your blog. It requires the help of an expert designer so, who works on a normal basis and has the good grounding in the subject matter should be entrusted to design high quality weblog to increase your company presence with a significant perimeter.
The days of traditional marketing methods like printer advertising are on the dwindle and in the place there exists a shift in focus to the Internet among the marketing sectors. Hence, you might make a substantial enhance on your online presence by making use of personalized designs and get more product sales and business leads, and in the bottom, better publicity of your organization.
All perverted bitches in alluring bikini are here for some nasty screwing of their dirty wet pussies. Anal bikini blowjob Topnotch girl in a sexy bikini roughly fucked by two horny dudes Bikini Clothes ripped Ass American Brunette. Caramel and peter north facial pics. Bikini Asian Masturbation Solo Ladyboy. Horny boys are obsessed with beautiful girl bodies and slowly stripping those bikini off them.
She just gave the camera a big smile and blew a kiss. Stunning blonde skye teases Free photo and video of sexy young girls with perfect bodies dressed in small, tiny and micro bikinis. Top Erotic Free Sites. Young art photo play with He straddles her atop his rock hard cock and impales her dripping wet pussy on it, her juicy bubble butt bouncing up and down his shaft.
She happened to love it, too. Kelly Brook Calendar Sep 07th, Bikini. Now two naked girls both share his big dick between their mouths, amazing! They put on a show for them, he fucks her soft and slow and her big tits dangle over her loosened bikini top. So you landed on our free naked bikini women page. Step inside this fabulous free movie clip collection showcasing insane amounts of Nude Girls Gone Wet!
Fasade Lay-in decorative thermoplastic ceiling tiles provide the classic look of Traditional tin ceilings for a fraction of the cost. The ceiling panels feature quick and easy installation, inserting easily into any existing or new suspended ceiling grid. Whether you’re remodeling an entire room or simply accenting a small area, these ceiling panels create an instant designer look. Unlike Traditional tin panels that require decades to acquire an antique look, these ceiling tiles have that turn of the century authenticity right out of the box.
Sample is a random 12″x12″ portion of a full panel and does not have the overlapping capability of a full panel
The shop I go to to get my cab fixed is a complete shit-hole, but my man Raul is one of the best transmission guy in town. There he is sitting next to my dead transmission while waiting for a small part to complete the job and you can see part of my cab on the lift. I always make sure to have a case of Heineken in the trunk for Raul so he can expedite the job. He is very effective when he is loaded.
They sell fried fish in the back of the shop if you're hungry. The fish has some rubbery taste for some reason but it's pretty good, I think. I enjoy watching the interaction among the mechanics. They are from Pakistan, India, Vietnam, El Salvador and Eritrea, and they accuse each other of not understanding English.
I took out my cab last night with the newly installed transmission, and it runs like a champ. Job well done Raul!
I ran in to this gal that I went to college with the other night at Whole Foods on P street, and we're going to hang out tonight. I was surprised that she never married because back in college every creep wanted to get in to her pants because she was hot and smart.
What color is that cab Mad ?? YOu certainly know the deal brother...I "accidently" forgot to clean the back seat of my taxi a few times when someone puked in it to find that thee mechanic was happy to clean it considering he found a package of "Mr HappY" for free...coinkadink...HELL yeah ma man !! I never forget the homeless ! Peace brother !
Yo King, what's up bro? The color of my cab is kind of biege but we call it "baby shit" here at Diamond Cab Co.
That was very funny mad! UN right in your shop. The way they argue with eachother it sounds just like the regular UN too. eh!
Bet those guys in that shop don't take no checks or credit cards, and give receipts written on post-it notes, right?
My total exposure to your neck of the woods is driving a semi truck. It was soooooo much fun to be sleeping in a truck stop in Jessup, with a load of Aunt Nellie's Pickled Beets in the truck, and a 6:00 a.m. delivery appointment at the Giant warehouse and have some jerk wake me up at 3:00 a.m. telling me I had to pay him a C-note to unload my truck. I'd give them 10 seconds to get out of my sight before I turned the dog loose on them.
What prevented me from turning the dog loose on them was the thought of dealing with the Maryland dog cops to get him back after taking a chunk out of..... yeah, it was fun. Almost as much fun as driving a cab.
Moi, there is never a dull moment in that shop. I had a very good time with Trish but I found out that she is not in to boys anymore!
Blue Eyes, I know you dropped out at 8th grade but didn't they teach you that what made America great today is those "idiot" immigrants centuries ago? Other wise America would have been full of trailer parks!
Real Cab Driver, I think you nailed it right on the money about my shop. AND how am going to get a JOB after being unemployed for twenty years! I think cab driving, hooking, and dope dealing are the only deal where you make money without having a job. How about them crack whores in Jessup hanging around in the back of those cheap motels off route 1?
Join us for a conversation with John Hechinger, senior editor at Bloomberg View and author of "True Gentlemen: The Broken Pledge of America's Fraternities." Moderated by John Burness, Hechinger will discuss "Can Fraternities Be Saved: Can They Save Themselves," on Tuesday, January 23 at noon in the Breedlove Conference Room (Rubenstein Library 349). Lunch will be provided. RSVP here... https://goo.gl/forms/hQAsGZQI1IdBV87F2Reach out to Sarah <sea36@duke.edu> for more information!
We’re going WEEKLY! =================== THE 2017 EDITION Join us at The Dew Drop Inn, for the SUMMER EDITION of our WEEKLY swap of stories all wrapped up with a good pint! The Dew Drop Inn is an amazing pub just over the tracks from Brookland. A great outdoor patio and plenty of off street parking right in front of the bar.
Let’s go to the Poolesville Bikes and Breakfast and then go for a ride to Frederick for lunch. These are some of my favorite back roads. The plan is to meet at the Poolesville Bikes and Breakfast (located at 19701 Fisher Ave, Poolesville, MD 20837) hang out for a bit and at 10:00 kick stands up for a ride through Barnesville, Sugarloaf, Clarksburg, Boyd’s, then back up to sugarloaf and...
Created in 2012, DC Triumph is a group of riders and enthusiasts based in the greater Washington, DC area. Got some news to share with us? Email us at kevin@dctriumph.com.
Click here to view and discuss this page in DocCommentXchange. In the future, you will be sent there automatically.
CowAnim8s commented on CELEBRITY SMASH OR PASS ( WITH COUSIN): Before you talk shit about someone, realize you on ...
The 74-year-old actor grew emotional as he paid a touching tribute to his 101-year-old dad when he was honoured with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. SUBSCRIBE NOW :
Offer to help with a chore she doesn't particularly enjoy doing. The fact that you offer may come as a pleasant surprise.
Pick something you really don't like to do and do it "without grumbling" while you do it. The secret is to not tell her you don't like it and focus on the fact that although you don't like to do it you know the affect it will have on your relationship.
Men often have a need to grumble while doing something they don't like. When you make a choice not to grumble, your partner will most likely reward you by helping you fulfill one of your basic needs: approval. There could be other needs but face it, you like to be recognized for your accomplishments no matter how small.
Copyright © - Larry James - Adapted from the book, "How to Really Love the One You're With: Affirmative Guidelines for a Healthy Love Relationship" by Larry James
Madonna and Kim Kardashian struck fans with a joint bold and simultaneously sexy photo | News at Celebs-place.com
Internet users came to an unprecedented shock from the general picture of two famous outrageous stars.
Recently, many celebrities gathered at a party after the end of the famous Oscar. There the pop-queen of show business Madonna and the star of reality-project "Kardashian Family" Kim Kardashian met with each other. On her official page in the social network "Instagram" the performer also exhibited a pretty daring photograph. On it, Madonna poses in a leather body and cap, and Kim tries on a tight dress that emphasizes the figure. It was in perfect harmony with her pink hair.
Fans of two celebrities were very surprised to see such a shot. Some noted that the stars look good with each other, others were unpleasantly struck by the frankness of the images. This is a very brave trick, which was appreciated by fans of both stars. Many note that celebrities harmoniously complement each other, which makes the photo especially valuable.
Kim Kardashian did not appreciate the style of her sisters. On October 7, a new series of the Kardashian Family show was shown, this time dedicated to the Kim, Courtney and Chloe trip to Japan in March.
Five-year-old North, daughter of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, from early childhood so close to the fashion world.
Kim Kardashian is not afraid to experiment with makeup, outfits, and plastic. But this time the star simply shocked by a new trend.
Hello people of the internet!!! On today’s ‘Monday Memos’ we’re going to talk about everybody’s favorite pastime…watching T.V.! January is an interesting time for T.V., because this is when new seasons premiere, new shows are added to the list of thing’s we’re obsessed with, and our hearts are broken when our fav shows are cancelled. So let’s take a look at some of the shows in 2014 & 2015 that were taken from us far too soon. Ready? Ok, let’s go!!!
This high action drama was another show that had the potential to be so great. It told the story of what happens when the nation’s most powerful people’s children are kidnapped and held for ransom. We not only got to see the drama that the adults went through as they struggled with their parental love and civil duties, but we also got to see the drama that the kids went though as they tried to survive. This is a show that always kept its’ audience on their toes, so I would have liked to see how it would have continued.
This show was able to perfectly balance, romance, drama, tragedy, and comedy in an amazing story of terminal ill teenager who live in a hospital. Even though the show only had a 13 episode run, they did a great job of developing their characters, and it’s obvious that we would have fallen even more in love with these characters as the series continued.
This was was another drama that always had us on our toes. This show told the story of a boy named Danny who returns to his hometown after 5 years in a juvenile detention center after being convicted of murdering his aunt. When he returns he reunites with his 2 childhood best friends and soon finds himself accused of committing another murder after a popular girl from his high school dies. In the rest of the season we get romance, lots of drama, and more questions about whether or not Danny really killed his aunt, and if he didn’t what secrets is his family hiding. It’s such a shame that this show ended before we could really dive into the story, and explore these complex characters.
Irene Hernandez on YouTube Wednesday…Monica Rial, the voice of your childhood has a YouTube channel!
Irene Hernandez on YouTube Wednesday: Basically Britt…the BookTuber you didn’t even know you needed in your life
Business Inquires: If you are a management/publishing firm, record label, or other company/business that wishes to submit your artist, band, or product for endorsement/interview consideration on this blog website or any of my social media websites, please contact me via email at celindareyesblog1@gmail.com
The downtown site of the museum gave inspiration for an easily accessible ground floor, transparent to the street with many different public activities. The upper floors, which host the permanent collection, have a more contemplative mood. The different floors are interconnected by double-height lobbies, creating a building that should be conceived as one entity, though large and rich with the elaborate qualities of an ancient palazzo. A roof terrace that opens to the sky concludes the walk through this meandering space. Next to the site is a small existing park designed by Maya Lin. The brief asked for around 2000 square metres of exhibition space, a large auditorium, libraries, children interactive galleries, 2000 square metres of art storage, workshops, offices for administration, a restaurant and a café.
Free Orkut Themes. Now its time for . free themes, Greasemonkey, latest orkut download . tools in firefox and go to Greasemonkey and download this themes and .Inicio do orkut Free Download,Inicio do orkut Software Collection Download. . It only works on New orkut Beta. .Download Uncharted 3 theme for Windows now from Softonic: 100% safe and virus free. More than 4 downloads this month.Official Orkut Help Center where you can find tips and tutorials on using Orkut and other answers to frequently asked questions.Free orkut login Download - mac software at WareSeeker.com - Iota Login is launched to be a convenient as well as professional Mac OS X Snow Leopard login screen .MidwayUSA is a privately held American retailer of various hunting and outdoor-related products.Orkut trick Save & Download photos . Orkut trick Save & Download photos from Orkut . whr is d theme dude?? guys i nid new themes for orkut?? neone wo can .This latest version brings the best two features of orkut . You can download the Orkut app from the Android .The latest stable release of WordPress (Version 4.9.1) is available in two formats from the links to your right. If you have no idea what to do with this download, we .Free Download Orkut Cute 9.4.27 . current version: Orkut Cute 9.4.27. . The program also informs you when you receive new scraps and new topics in yours communities.Continue reading "11 Styles/ Themes for Orkut!" . Hey people check out some awesome orkut themes working with the latest version of orkut .Download Windows 8 Theme now from Softonic: 100% safe and virus free. More than 23 downloads this month.Download quality and professionally designed free Android themes,free android themes, free android themes download . ninja game download new android fight .Start Bootstrap's entire collection of free Bootstrap themes and templates. All of our themes are open source and free to download. . an update when new items .Download hello Hello, Im Orkut. You . We found new jobs. We even got married and had kids because of orkut. We made it happen, together.Download a free language pack to see Windows in the language of your . to date with the latest free service packs and updates for your version of Windows.orkut font Windows 7 - Free Download Windows 7 . Would you like to receive announcements of new versions of your software by . Universal Theme Patcher 1.5 B .. free antivirus download, free games . windows 10 themes deviantart Top Best Windows 10 Themes to Spice . download latest version of .XP-Dragon-1-1024x768 Free. . more precisely Themes. This free software is an intellectual property of . Orkut, and more. Download this wallpaper for Windows .CNET Download - Find the latest free software, apps, downloads, and reviews for Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android.Get free featured desktop themes for . Windows 10 on your PC so you don't miss any of the latest free . a theme, click Download, .Download My theme for facebook for Windows now from Softonic: 100% safe and virus free.Custom browser skins that help you personalize your browser.A fast, secure, and free web browser built for the modern web. Chrome syncs bookmarks across all your devices, fills out forms automatically, and so much more.themes for orkut new version Free Download - create orkut old version in new version, older version of orkut themes, themes for old version orkut and more.Orkut trick Save & Download photos . Orkut trick Save & Download photos from Orkut . whr is d theme dude?? guys i nid new themes for orkut?? neone wo can .Unlike premium templates, free ones arent supplied with 24/7 Technical . Along with the download of a theme, . Get new web templates report and design news.Orkut Login; Get Your Free . automatically find those contacts on orkut? We've started rolling out a new feature to do . Free Kaspersky Mobile Security 9 Download .Stylish Font Writer free download for . Would you like to receive announcements of new versions of your . orkut writer to word text writer writer document .Google chrome 2 download New theme. . How to get the new version? Download and install it from . Google Chrome 2 does not support chat in Orkut.Download To and install the latest version of Play Store for free .Save Cancel.Download Gmail Email Templates for Windows now from Softonic: 100% safe and virus free. More than 12 downloads this month. Download Gmail Email Templates latest .Download desktop themes . Desktop Themes is a good, trial version Windows program, .Big collection of android apps, ringtones, mobile themes, hd wallpapers, games for phone and tablet. Billions of free downloads served. 7984cf4209
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "No School - Holiday", or just this one?
Riverside Unified School District prohibits discrimination, harassment, intimidation, or bullying in all district programs, activities, and employment on the basis of actual or perceived ancestry, age, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, nationality, race or ethnicity, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, parental or marital status, pregnancy, or association with a person or a group with one or more of these actual or perceived characteristics.
LOOKING FOR NIGHTLY RENTAL OPPORTUNITIES? There are many possibilities with this fantastic commercial property located just one block off of Main Street and on highly traveled Deerfield road with direct access off of Pine Avenue! Bring your Business to Hill City or help with the housing shortage. ZONING ALLOWS FOR NIGHTLY RENTALS! Listed by Kari Kelting & Kim Benning of Central Hills Real Estate, Inc. 605-574-6000.
This property has the perfect mix of privacy and convenience to make everyone happy! Centrally located to Rapid City, Hill City, Pactola Reservoir, Sheridan Lake, all the major Black Hills attractions, and is close to miles upon miles of forest service for unlimited outdoor recreational fun. The lot is gentle sloping and full of gorgeous, mature, Ponderosa Pine. Come and build your retreat - the price is right!
Your source for car insurance, life insurance, homeowners insurance, renters insurance, RV insurance and more!
Most drivers in this part of Oregon are committed to saving money on their Central Oregon Car Insurance but don’t know that they can continue saving money at home especially before their next road trips.
In this post we will cover simple things that you can do to save money in fuel costs and have a more cost effective and enjoyable road trip.
Your air filter is literally the lung of your vehicle and you can help your vehicle to breathe easier and use less fuel by changing it yourself or having your air filter changed before you head out on the open road.
You should change the oil in your vehicle at least every 3,000 miles because, routine oil changes will help to insure that your engine functions normally.
For newer vehicles you may be able to go as long as 4,000 miles or more between oil changes so it’s best to verify how often you should have your vehicles oil changed before your next road trip.
Last of all, but most important when you go to get your oil changed make sure that you rotate your tires and as well because rotating your tires will help to insure that you are driving on the best tread that your tires have to offer.
If you’ve been thinking about changing your Central Oregon Car Insurance or would like to know more simple tips that you can use to improve your vehicles fuel efficiency contact the Farnsworth Agency today by calling us at (541) 318-8835 or clicking here to contact us online.
Attention Members every month, a member or members of Deadly Soldiers Gaming will get rewarded with either the Member of the Month, General of the Month, Leader of the Month and as a hole, Team of Month, Division of the Month and Squad of the Month.
The Member of the Month goes to DSG XRELOADx X for showing his best effort into Deadly Soldiers Gaming. Thank him for what he has done for Deadly Soldiers Gaming.
General of the Month goes to DSG xDRAGON x X for show his best effort into Deadly Soldiers Gaming.Thank him for what he has done for Deadly Soldiers Gaming.
Leader of the Month goes to GrumpierAce541 for showing his best effort into Deadly Soldier Gaming. Thank him for what he has done for Deadly Soldiers Gaming.
Team of Month go to DSG XRELOADx X, DSG xSTALINx X, DSG xNINJAx X for showing there best effort into Deadly Soldiers Gaming. Thank them for what they has done for Deadly Soldiers Gaming.
You are responsible for following these set of rules without any problems. Please read and memorize this set of rules and give DSG a good reputation by following these rules.
6. DSG is a family, and members will look after one another as such, in order to keep a positive environment that we have here.
8. Everyone has a chain of command and must follow it, however there is an 'Open Door' policy, meaning at any time a member can approach a leader for any issues, ideas,
Failure to comply with the above will result in negative consequences against you in the DSG Court[Only admins are allowed to see this link]
When one wants to buy a residence for living purpose, they are not just finding a place; they are finding a place to which they can call a home. There is a difference between a home and a house. A home is one to what we can call ours and a house is one which includes rental apartments. When talking ...	Read More »
Sobhaeternia is one the newest and outstanding apartment with the first class service and it is located at the middle of the city which connects the major part of the city. This apartment is cover vast areas with the comprising of major blocks. This apartment is situated off Sarjapur road, in Bangalore and nearby, there are number of education institution, ...	Read More »
ECHO has been a leading innovator and manufacturer of outdoor power equipment for over 45 years. Who depends on ECHO equipment? Professional landscapers and arborists who require day in and day out performance, and homeowners who demand quality equipment that works when it’s time to get the job done. Every purchase comes with our standard 5-year consumer and 2-year commercial warranty (chain saws have a 1-year commercial warranty) – you don’t need to buy anything extra. Visit GLENNS REPAIR AND RENTAL to see firsthand our full line of gas powered string trimmers, leaf blowers, chain saws, power edgers and more.
Most independent outdoor power equipment dealers provide sales and service in one location, making purchasing and maintaining ECHO products easier. GLENNS REPAIR AND RENTAL is an ECHO Signature Elite Dealer which represents ECHO’s premier dealer category . They perform at the highest standards and are committed to providing customers with outstanding product selection, customer support and service.
Most independent outdoor power equipment dealers provide sales and service in one location, making purchasing and maintaining ECHO products easier. GLENNS REPAIR AND RENTAL is an ECHO Servicing Dealer. They provide sales and repair/warranty service support in one location using factory-trained technicians and genuine ECHO parts.
Independent outdoor power equipment dealers provide excellent sales support, making selecting the right ECHO product for your job a lot easier. GLENNS REPAIR AND RENTAL is a Sales Only dealer. They sell ECHO equipment and accessories, but typically do not provide on-site repair and warranty service.
Tired of outdoor power equipment that won't start or breaks down while using it? Professional-grade equipment from ECHO is your answer and you can enjoy pro-grade savings right NOW at participating dealers like GLENNS REPAIR AND RENTAL during our National Sales Event.
The X Series represents ECHO’s “Best-in-Class” products geared for the professional user. Learn more about the entire expansive line-up.
Along with the ECHO X Series, the company manufactures a full line of professional-grade equipment: from chain saws and trimmers to blowers and edgers. Visit GLENNS REPAIR AND RENTAL or our web site.
Performance Above All. The Red Armor family of products is designed to remove performance-robbing deposits with the first use. They also clean existing deposits, promote longer life, reduce repair costs and provide less downtime. Learn More Here.
[ November 11, 2018 ] Only $16.99 (Reg. $130) Philips Sonicare 2 Series Dual Handle Toothbrush	Online Deals
Through June 17th, head to Walgreens Photo where they are offering a FREE 8 x 10 Photo Print (regular $4). Choose pick up in store at your local Walgreens to avoid shipping fees or pay $0.99 for shipping. Use promo code PRINTDAD when checking out. Keep in mind if you already ordered on earlier this month with the promo code, it will not work. Order yours here!
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016
CENTURY 21® and the CENTURY 21 Logo are registered service marks owned by Century 21 Real Estate LLC. Unica Real Estate, LLC fully supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and the Equal Opportunity Act. Each franchise is independently owned and operated. Any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchisees are not provided by, affiliated with or related to Century 21 Real Estate LLC nor any of its affiliated companies.
The best way to understand the blue yarn is to follow it. That’s exactly what Dr. Gary Kaplan did. In 1998, he was CEO of Virginia Mason Medical Center, which was losing money. As he searched for a better system to manage the hospital, he ‘wound up’ at a Toyota factory in Japan where he spoke to a sensei familiar with the Toyota Production System.
What he found was something very simple that, at the time, had been around for nearly 100 years. Sakichi Toyoda developed a self-correcting loom that could stop when thread was broken or defective. They ultimately automated the process and made it mistake-proof. This process is called Jidoka, or autonomation, and means automation with human intelligence.
Jidoka is important because it stops a process immediately when a problem first occurs. Not only does it fix the condition, but it ultimately eliminates the root cause of the problem or defect. In an automated Jidoka process, equipment monitors its output (products) independently from operators, thereby enabling operators to operate multiple pieces of equipment and improve productivity.
Back to the hospital. The sensei used the blue yarn to map the path a patient would follow in a visit through cancer treatment. What they found was a mess. Cancer patients were already low on time and energy, but this ‘process’ had them winding all over the building in a seemingly needless pattern: a waste of time and energy.
When they ‘re-mapped’ the process, the savings from insurance expense alone were 37% and they were able to increase the number of patients without additional staff. Ultimately, they reduced patient receive treatment time by 50%. Dozens of hospitals have since adopted the Virginia Mason Production System. Based on a recent study of US hospitals, for two years Virginia Mason has placed in the top one percent in safety and efficiency.
Clearly, the flow of the process is one piece of the puzzle. Of equal importance is the decision to enable employees to: monitor a process, identify defects, stop the process, fix the problem, identify the root cause, and, ultimately, help eliminate the root cause of defects.
Imagine following a blue yarn through every step of one of your processes, including mistakes, corrections, delays, handoffs, miscommunications, etc. Recurring mistakes building on other recurring mistakes will create a big mess. Now imagine every person in that process having the ability to address those gaps and improve the process. Addressing the root cause will build a mistake-free and efficient process that is much cleaner and direct.
Clarity around your dream or whatever it is you want from your business (i.e., ultimate business outcome and whatever ‘freedom’ means to you)
Here is an interesting story I want to share. Back in my past as CEO of an injector manufacturing plant there was a phenomenon for several weeks. Every Friday at 3:00 pm we were in crisis mode. At that time, we were working seven days, three shifts and at 3:00 pm on Friday, the assembly manager indicated that we need to shut down the assembly line on the weekend due to inadequate parts supply. The logistics manager struggled to get the parts from the fabrication department or outside suppliers, which had to produce the parts by working overtime and expedited shipping cost.
Shutting down the assembly line would have had a dramatic impact on the supply to our customer as we were one of their just-in-time suppliers. We would have shut down their production line with a huge financial penalty. We were in crisis mode every Friday for a couple of months.
Finally, I called all managers involved in the supply and production process into a meeting to discuss the constant crisis mode on Fridays. After lengthy discussions and analyzing the root cause of the shortages, we agreed to meeting on Thursday mornings, everyone providing information about demand and supplies for the weekend production. We were now able to prioritize and adjust production where needed. Within two weeks there was no crisis meeting on Fridays any more. Problem solved. We were able to reliably provide the necessary quantity to the customer.
Conclusion: Unless you find the root cause of the problem using six sigma methodology and eliminate the issues in the process, you will not see improvements in your processes and production output.
We all know the phrase: “You learn from your mistakes” or “Learning by Doing”. Most of the time mistakes happen as a deviation from an established or defined process for several reasons.
This is just a small example why mistakes occur, and the correction depends on the type of mistake that happened.
Mistakes that can have life threatening impact on the person or other employees e.g. not following a “lock out” procedure doing maintenance work on a machine, oil spills that can create a hazardous environment like slipping, etc. need to follow immediately a corrective action procedure like the 8-D process, a method for root cause analysis to prevent any future mistakes
Mistakes that impact the quality of a product or service should follow the same procedure as described in 1.
Create an environment of trust, so people are not afraid to admit to a mistake and come forward immediately when they recognize the mistake
Reduce the fear of being punished if they voluntarily admitted the mistake as soon as they became aware of it.
Allow them to become part of the solution, if they are willing to share their experience with others, learn from the mistakes and prevent future mistakes.
As I have led or been involved with dozens of business changes, I get asked often, “What makes you so successful?” I might offer up a different perspective, “What can stop a business transformation in its tracks?” In my experience it boils down to four things:
Most of us in most of our firms are experts in our small little space in the universe, and we focus all of our energies on understanding and mastering the rules of the game in that space. Those fancy terms, dominant logic and market myopia are our real adversaries here.
They keep us from seeing the impending systemic disruption. And our own biases and experiences keep us falsely optimistic in the face of big changes in our arena.
Marshall Goldsmith famously suggested in business, “What brought you here won’t take you there.” Proverbs more famously suggested, “Pride goeth before destruction and a haughty spirit before a fall.”
Sometimes, culture is the problem. There’s truth but not a foregone conclusion that culture eats strategy for lunch. (I push back in my article, Sometimes Strategy Must Eat Culture.)
In my travels, I’ve encountered more than a few organizations and the people in them predictably and proudly holding on to a past that was indeed glorious but is no longer relevant.
My friend mentioned above suggests this is the natural sequence of events for all businesses and those that have outlived their utility must pass.
Alternatively, sometimes culture can be disrupted as well. (More in the next post in this series on knocking down the obstacles.)
Know that the passion and emotion surrounding resistance to radical change in your organization may very well be the last thrashing of a dying business.
We all understand the importance of an accurate diagnosis for our health maladies. The same goes for business. Much like the organizational culture change issue described above, human biases, emotions, experiences deadly sins and failings all get in the way of cultivating and agreeing on the answer to the question, “What the hell is really going on here?”
Fail to answer that question properly, and the succeeding events move organizations down the path to decay and demise.
Transformation requires asymmetrical bets on new strategies, markets, technologies, and investments. Our management systems are set up to optimize in the short-term, and throwing sand in the gears of the management system requires leadership courage that many lack. (Young child to Mom, “Mommy, what are gears?”)
We might understand what we should do, but putting oneself on the line for a hard change and an asymmetrical bet is a commitment many will not make, and a risk most won’t take.
I debated throwing the present management system in as the fifth big obstacle to organizational change. Indeed, it is a factor. Nonetheless, I believe it is leadership’s responsibility to drive the changes needed in a system leading the firm down to the path of destruction. A management system is a tool of leadership, and as a tool, it can be changed or adapted to fit the situation. The fact that we often fail to adapt our management systems is a failure of leadership.
Walt Kelly, the illustrator of the famous and long retired comic strip, Pogo, once suggested (drawing upon a quote from the War of 1812), “We have met the enemy, and he is us.”
It’s always true. What’s not guaranteed is your organization’s failure in the face of existential threats. In my next post, we blow up these big obstacles. And remember, all it takes is courage.
Filed Under: 0.1a.(2) Mission, Vision, and Values, 1 Leadership, 1.1 Senior Leadership, 2 Strategy, 4.2a Organizational Knowledge, A.02 Visionary Leadership, A.06 Focus on Success
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read More
The SFOL days will take place on Saturday, December 8, 2018 at the Marriott Hotel (75008 - Paris) The SFOL Days will take place on Saturday, December 8, 2018 at the Marriott Hotel (75008 - Paris).
We are expecting once again a beautiful and very rich day that will take place along two major axes: Class II and Class III.
It is with great joy and ambition that we invite you to participate in the next CEO Congress which will take place in Nantes from June 7 to 10, 2019 .
With Emmanuel Frerejouand, Scientific President, we propose to address the themes of quality and efficiency in orthodontics that represent the Grail and the future a qualified specialist in dentofacial orthopedics.
A paper published in the February issue of Health Affairs—discussed at length in an article in the New York Times —contains the sort of blunt, plain-spoken language you seldom read in academic journals. The authors, who include some of the most prominent neuroscientists and ethicists in the world, warn that manufacturers are misusing the FDA’s humanitarian device exemption to promote deep brain stimulation as a “treatment” for obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD).
In fact, they make clear that deep brain stimulation is very much an experimental procedure. Research is still at an early stage, and the risks to patients are not well defined. When suffering is severe and no other treatment has provided relief, there is value in making available an intervention like deep brain stimulation. But misleading or biased information, no matter where it comes from, certainly undermines patients’ ability to calculate benefits and risks.
To enable deep brain stimulation, a surgeon must first implant electrodes in the brain and connect them to a pair of small electrical generators underneath the collarbone. Deep brain stimulation uses electricity to affect how brain signals are transmitted in particular areas of the brain.
Among the concerns raised by the article in Health Affairs (and in our own article on this topic last year in the Harvard Mental Health Letter):
- Inadequate research. Although deep brain stimulation is sometimes described as a “pacemaker for the brain,” that is an oversimplification. Cardiac pacemakers monitor heart rhythm and trigger a heartbeat when necessary. While cardiac pacemakers have an established track record of success and clear guidelines for use, deep brain stimulation does not. (Among other things, when OCD symptoms do improve after deep brain stimulation, we still don’t know exactly how or why the electrical stimulation helps.) Only about 100 people in the world have undergone deep brain stimulation for OCD—only some of the results have been published—altogether too small a number to standardize the procedure.
- Safety. Implantation of a deep brain stimulation device involves boring small holes into the skull (for the electrodes) and surgery on the chest (for the battery). Possible complications—as for any surgery—are infection and bleeding. The wires may break. And the device’s batteries can run out, sometimes without warning—causing rapid mood deterioration or behavior changes.
Furthermore, many alternatives exist. Deep brain stimulation is only appropriate for people who suffer severe and incapacitating symptoms and have exhausted every other treatment alternative. Fortunately, most people with OCD have other—and more proven—options. These include behavioral treatments, drug treatment, or some combination of the two. You can read more about treatment options in an article in the March 2009 Harvard Mental Health Letter.
Mystery, Thriller, Hard-Boiled, Detective Movie: from Golden Age to the present day. Not only reviews but depth analysys.
Not everyone knows that The Plague Court Murders, Carter Dickson’s novel (John Dickson Carr) published in 1934, has a pretty revealing subtitle: “A Chief Inspector Masters-Murders”. It means, that Carr at first, probably, had decided to create a series of novels (including the aforementioned novel would have been the first) not based on the character of Merrivale but on Chief Inspector of the CID, Masters. Besides the fact that in this first novel, Humphrey Masters should have at first a much greater role than that of Henry Merrivale, it also follows from the structure of the novel: it is much more Masters dropped into the mystery, he is interrogate several witnesses including you find the culprit, Merrivale and the same appears on the scene of the crime after at least a good half of the book.
It would suffice, however, only the characterization of the character Merrivale to understand even the most doubtful that, in this first novel in the series, the figures of Merrivale and Fell, morphologically, are not very much different. Carr, the beginning is not that he had already given a well-defined characterization to his character. In contrast to Masters, which is presented to the reader on two separate occasions: the first is when it is presented as a hunter of fake mediums and false occult scholars saying that during the period of spiritualistic mania that had invaded England after the end of the war, he was a sergeant whose main task was to unmask the false medium, and that his interest in these practices had never died out, so that he "had actually turned into a hobby, by constructing sophisticated tricks and sleight of hand, in the workshop of his house, "surrounded warm approval of the children"; and the second is when it becomes a physical characterization of Masters: tall and stout, expression inscrutable, wrapped in his dark overcoat and a bowler hat to his chest as if he beheld “the passage of a procession”. To emphasize the fact that at the beginning Carr (but not to inflate more his name, he adopted with all the Merrivale novels in the series, the pseudonym Carter Dickson) had not fully characterized the figure of Merrivale, you can see how the Old as it is also called, was presented as a man of law, but also a doctor, and especially in the early novels such as Head of the Military Intelligence Service (also known as MI6), although, when it is presented for the first time, is said to be was previously head of the Military Counterintelligence (also known as MI5). Being at the head of "Intelligence" Military, could explain the title of nobility that we often see prefixed to his name: Sir, though in his case the noble title is not acquired as a function of its operational excellence rather than by descent.
Conan Doyle's influence on Carr is detectable, in many cases: in the case of the duality Bencolin investigation, represented by Holmes and Watson, is masked and not clearly visible and if anything it is only understandable in the pair Bencolin and Jeff Marle, in two other major series, those of Dr. Fell and HM, the influence is much more visible, if not canonical. In fact, Dr. Fell is apparently opposite, but in reality it goes, the Inspector Hadley, and if HM in a sense embodies Holmes, Dr. Watson is represented by the unfortunate (which makes tenderness in some way) Master Chief Inspector. That seems to me to identify one of the most characteristic and brilliant of Carr’s writing: the characterization of the characters. Since it is an indisputable fact, that the pair of investigators, but in general the pair of players, attract most of the individual (Stan Laurel & Oliver Hardy, Fred Astaire & Ginger Rogers; Starsky & Hutch, etc..), Carr invented the characters , we can say that he has often used them. Although it’s undeniable that the shoulder reinforcements support and finish to put under the spotlight the protagonist, the deus ex machina of the novel, it is also undeniably true that the “shoulder”, when it is broken so as to soften, become very sympathetic to readers, because in some way all of them tend to identify with him. Indeed, in this case, Masters becomes, with his bad luck to run into impossible crimes and locked rooms, a character almost more fun than the same HM looks. The fact is that both appear in The Plague Court Murders and their combination will feature the best of Carter Dickson’s production.
The first of the novels in the series, sees the entrance of HM not at the beginning but when the crime has already consumed: in fact the entrance of HM follows the lines of an entry into the scene with great fanfare of the protagonist, such as during a theater play, after a sort of introduction, here represented by everything that happens before HM appears on the scene to solve the riddle. And H.M. appears for the first time just because Major Featherton think about it, by contacting Ken Blake (who is the narrator), to put the investigation in the hands of that who is, a true expert, in the hands of Henry Merrivale. And by doing so Carr speaks for the first time about Merrivale, and does so, looking at Fell: garrulous, always lazy, lawyer and physician, vain, fat jokes and talk about pressures.
The investigation concerns a supernatural story from surveys, that of a dwelling, a bit far-fetched in London in the '30s (but often Carr knows how to make plausible situations that at the hands of others would laugh chickens), which says hotels a ghost, that of Louis Playge Executioner: it’s Plague Court, originally the seat of a tribunal. This home is owned by Dean Halliday and his family. Halliday has called on stage Ken Blake, his old friend, to preside at a seance, which will evoke the restless spirit of the Executioner, because you find peace, to manage the session will be a student of the occult sciences, Professor Roger Darworth, and Joseph Dennis the medium. In fact, the spirit is one of those wicked and devilishly clever, and could take over the body of a certain person to make him do what he wants: Plague in fact life was not only the executioner for activities, but also to the vocation took pleasure in hurting . So he had become the terror of those who were near; until the plague pecked too him, like all his countrymen. His brother, drove him from home, and the executioner, before dying, threw a curse on that house.
On the site of the seance there is also the Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters, whose presence is explained by the unusual fact that Darworth suspected of being a fraud, a fake scholar of the occult. The night of the séance, Darworth closes himself in Plague Court, while the séance proceeds, and there he is killed.
The fact is that crime is a classic Locked Room: in fact the door is closed and locked from the inside and the windows also, to complicate the story is the fact that Darworth was stabbed with the dagger that had been used originally by Executioner, and around the little stone house is an expanse of mud, where there aren’t footprints: it would therefore appear that the supernatural is the only possible track. In fact there would be a centenary tree, with its branches reaches the roof of the house, but its wood is so addled, that would not hold the weight of any person who climbed up there, as evidenced by good police Sergeant Bert McDonnell.
The protagonists of this drama, that is, Lady Benning, Marion Latimer, his brother Ted Latimer, and Major Featherton, astonished and frightened to attend events, the more that comes a cat found with his throat cut and a large stone vase is launched overhand: these facts show that all the spirits in place does not grant to any discounts of any kind.
At this point, and here ends the introduction to drama, enters H.M. It is a dramatic entrance. H.M. is presented as a bald, fat, smoking bad cigars (which Carr model runs is Winston Churchill), who prefers to wear hats of any kind, that is not taller than five feet seven, and always wears white socks, and who knows an industrial quantity of dirty jokes. From this point, Merrivale will remain until the end. But not before he had probed the past Darworth, because that's where you hide the origin of the drama, and that a second crime, even more terrible than the first, upset everyone will be killed Joseph, medium, Darworth mate. Not just killed, but also full of petrol and thrown into the boiler of a house. The explanation of Merrivale, a real masterpiece, will leave everyone with his mouth open.
Actually, as any first novel, this one is structured almost like the first and only, or that the same Carr hadn’t clear ideas on the continuation of the series: in fact, not only the fact that, after almost 150 pages , Merrivale appears in the novel, is a test of a different construction gained during the course of the novel, but especially that mysterious expression which appears after Merrivale’s apparition and about it you can not find any next justification. Why Carr feels the need to say that you are violating the rules of the detective story? And why right after he says that the person who premeditated the murder, she conceived just as a detective story?
In my opinion, is the affirmation of who (precisely Carr), not knowing yet whether the smile on the success or otherwise after the publication of this novel, claiming for himself the authorship of to have created a perfect novel, maybe the solution to most brilliant moment he had thought: who could premeditate a crime, conceiving it as if you were writing a detective novel, if not a writer of detective novels, and particularly one who wrote the novel in which we find these reflections? Only a writer who sets up the plot, and invent an ingenious crime that works on paper and of which he, speaking by the mouth of Henry Merrivale, can reveal the explanation, could premeditate the crime, and he should conceive it in a frame mystery novel.
Because, despite the explanation leaves at open mouth, this is one of the many crimes whose explanation can be accepted only in the pages of the greatest inventor of locked rooms, in a literary context and invention, taken to the maximum expression.
When you speak about great writers of detective novels, generally you speak about the great triad - Carr, Christie, Queen - forgetting many other names, sibling, if not quantitatively, at least qualitatively. Among these others, there are what I call the "innovators", the writers who have innovated the genre, not at the variation of plot, but at the invention of a different narrative structure. Among the innovators, securely I must remember Philip MacDonald, english writer..
He was definitely one of the most important writers of the twentieth century detective: I would say that of his production many are masterpieces, worthy to be authoritative in any ranking of the best novels of all time: The Rasp, The Noose, The Link, Rynox, The Choice, Murder Gone Mad, The Maze, The List of Adrian Messenger , X v. Rex (aka: Martin Porlock). Why? Because he has got ever originality and almost every time he writes a novel, makes some surprising stylistic changes to the whodunnit: writing a novel about the serial killings, Murder Gone Mad, he met a huge success and it was repeated with another on a more series of crimes committed by a killer, X v. Rex; he subverted the rules of the English whodunnit in The Maze; I didn’t introduce the murderer in the Warrant for X; in Rynox, he began with the epilogue; still in seventies, Barzun and Taylor described The Rasp, a "epochmaking": in it was all: the murder of a head of state, clues, extraordinary ambience and atmosphere and a variety of psychological thrill.
Our novel is of 1931. John Dickson Carr, who at first was called The Rasp, the debut novel of the Colonel Anthony Gethryn, “one of the ten greatest detective novels”, he later replaced it with The Murder Gone Mad, to enshrine the importance that " The Murder Gone Mad " has and that was already recognized eighty years ago.
The novel is a precursor, one of the first to talk about serial killings, in a time when The ABC Murders of Agatha Christie was yet to come: a novel counter, whose mere mention would be enough to erase all an annoying literary criticism, which tends to frame the Mystery as a genre dead and buried, unable to generate tension, and prepending to it a paraliterature; forgetting that the serial murder genre was born with Steeman and MacDonald. But if Steeman, with "The démon de Sainte-Croix" opens the strand talking about a series of crimes apparently disconnected and then that prove joined by a particular truly surprising, and if Christie christen the murder multiple that must conceal in the series apparently disconnected interest to a single murder (as if concealing something from other things like that and putting everything under the sun becomes it unknowable), Philip MacDonald provides to exaggerate the genre. In fact, for the first time ever, we see a litany of murderers, quite disconnected from each other, can be associated only in the unknowable depths of a sick mind who likes to kill for the sake of it, keeping police at bay .
So slowly, then more quickly we witness the horrible business of "The Butcher", the psychopathic murderer that, in the charming town of Holmdale, a few miles from London, sowing chaos is the discovery of the bodies, all killed with a bloody same technique (using a sharp knife blows, usually to the stomach), to dictate the pace, and especially through authorship of the letters to the police, the pathos and tension. Thus, where in many other examples of contemporary thriller, the tension is crystallized in literary devices, for example in the construction of floors and temporal narrative that often run in parallel and then intersect (for example the Lee & Child’s novels starring Aloysious Pendergast), here the tension is a characteristic of wisdom literature that articulates the writer with a relentless procession of the deads, before with frustrating attempts , then more more specific and more selective for identification of the murderer, with the growing dissatisfaction of the public, represented by newspapers, politicians, and less and less popular demonstrations peaceful, and the sardonic safety sported by the murderer in mock and ridicule of established even in charge of the investigation, Arnold Pike, superintendent of Scotland Yard, which, like a bloodhound, regardless of the tricks of the murderer and reproaches of his superiors, leads his investigation made by attempts, each one different, but always more effective to end once and for all the carnage. So to mark the time of novel are more extensive tables that contain the likely suspects. As a corollary, a series of unlikely assassins arrested: the boeotian, the director, the famous doctor.
Without doubt the most curious and interesting history, is that a procedural analysis of the survey, lack any evidence that in an usual survey that was based on abduction of Sherlock Holmes, should abound: instead they roam here. In the painful deaths (Lionel Colby, promising young man, from middle class family; Pamela Richards, rich bourgeoisie; Amy Adams, bartender, working class; Albert Rogers, skilled worker, about to become a soccer player; Marjorie Williams, nurse), relentless and ferocious in its impartiality, as if death is common to all, a "leveling" relentless, you do not see nothing but the absence of any motive: unknown to each other, elements taken at random, whose unique common reasons are the horrible gash in the belly and enjoy the chilling of the murderer about the death of one and about the pain of those who loved this victim. The killer comes even to send a letter to the police, promising that he will hit on December 7, this time enjoy pain just of Pike who finds the mother of a girl with which he enjoyed playing with the train, Molly Brade, curled up next to a wall and behind the chair where he sleeps unaware her daughter Millicent.
After Pike will ariive briskly, with a series of insights on how to proceed, that have nothing to do with normal investigative inquiries, as here, there is no evidence that helps to discover the killer. He is discovered because Pike is increasingly resorting to the help of improvised means of investigation: reflectors located in the town, they will turn on randomly illuminating different parts of the city; lights that are lit in the post office where the yellow envelopes with the offending oblique black handwriting, are wrapped and then fall directly on the table in front of employees and policemans; cameras, as cameras are today, they control the various streets of the city .. But Arnold Pike, with an idea as old as the world, he will manage to reveal the true identity of the murderer: creating a false butcher eager to take the fame of the real and the true is induced not to resist the temptation to see who has the will to emulate himself
And so from an entire city sifted, he will lead to narrow the grid of the suspects in only 4 suspects, one of which necessarily will be "The Butcher". But the truth will surprise all. Because once the killer will be again the least suspected, and the weapon .. the least suspected.
A novel in conclusion, of a disarmingly modernity, that in the absence of any indication enlightening and rambling in the theory of serial murder victims, clearly does justice to the title Murder Gone Mad.
I must admit that if I didn’t buy and if I didn’t read detective stories for sale two months ago, in italian newspaper stands, I never knew who was Barry N. Malzberg. The other author, in return, yes I know! And who doesn’t know Bill Pronzini?
Mauro Boncompagni, who signed the notes in the afterword, largely about the two writers spokes, and cites facts and circumstances which, as he told me in private, has been told by two authors: he knows both but Bill Pronzini least I know for sure. The result is a vivid and fascinating portrait. I do not deny that, thanks to Mauro notes (that I know myself well enough), I would have wanted to read the essay by Malzberg on Cornell Woolrich: Mauro speaks of it as the best piece ever written on Woolrich.
The novel in question is The Running of Beasts. It 'a thriller and it's raining there. But it is not just a thriller, is a masterpiece of a thriller.
The story itself isn’t very original: in an U.S. citizen there is a series of deaths: three women were killed, and disembowelled. A psychiatrist, Dr. Ferrara, thinks that the murderess is a schizophrenic with multiple personalities: in other words, someone who kills perhaps not even then knowing that I did, or remembering fragments of memory that can not properly fix in his mind.
Daniel Smith, a state police lieutenant, Steven Hook, a former alcoholic actor, Jack Cross, a journalist rampant; Keller, a local policeman, Valeria Broome, known journalist who was born in the town. The fact is that, if attention is focused precisely on these people, it’s because obviously one of them is the murderer. Already in this, the two authors diverge from the usual survey: you would normally have had to come gradually to five suspects. But here, the five actors are already on the scene from the very first pages: they are presented individually, in their stories, in their weaknesses and in their aspirations.
And almost immediately the five begin to be attracted to each other: Cook falls in love (paid) with Valeria Broome, Keller begins to suspect Cook, but more bias than for conviction based on evidence, and Smith begins his duel with Keller. This in his turn hides the skeletons in the closet: he killed a demonstrator many years before for "excess of zeal" if not "violence" and then he preferred to take refuge in the quiet town of Bloodstone to rebuild its reputation. Bloodstone, which strange name, it has : the blood recalls. But is not the only strange thing. I say no more.
The fact is that after a while the current deaths perk: there is an attempt of murder (odd), a strange sight, and then two killings, even with the same features: two women disembowelled, and then cut with a diamond-shaped a knife on her thigh.
What you notice is the way to accentuate the tension: the actors are presented individually in great detail, the amount of space of characters is not secondary : in fact the rate is exactly given by the progressive decrease of the space given to each character in the book. First large, then - gradually - increasingly restricted, the character whose turn is appointed, does something and immediately the action and the attention of the two authors go on another. And all of this, according to the flow of a chain of events, the one after the other, the one resulting from another, perhaps that seemed unconnected, but then slowly tend to develop in a predetermined order, that given by the suspicion which tends to materialize at a certain point. And the tension becomes frantic when paragraphs, each devoted to a different character, they become almost like flashbacks.
Because Pronzini and Malzberg tend, when they point to the reflector, to take a step back and say that maybe the spotlight should have been focused on another. In short, everything and its opposite. And when the test is given, and the killer is located, and hunting seems to end, with a change of scene really amazing, the killer is identified in another. That would seem to have understood that he was the killer (the famous multiple personality), and dies. All gone? No. Because with a double final, the two writers show once again that you should never trust appearances. The fact is that "The end" of the novel is really surprising, as an ending of a novel by F. Brown or Thomas Harris almost. The true ending will remain on the stomach.
What I like to emphasize is the so-called stylistic mimesis Pronzini & Malzberg take: when identifying the murderess (which is true) underestimate him, present him with words and descriptions that tend to corroborate the fact that the murderer can not be him, despite the overwhelming evidence against him would seem. It seems almost a conviction sub-liminal. And when they point the spotlight on the fake murderess, present it in such a way that the reader becomes convinced that he is the murderer and not others. The operation of mimesis is needed to prepare the surprise ending, which would not have the force of a punch in the stomach, if you do not give for granted that the murderess had already left the scene.
Finally I would like to recall that Bill Pronzini and Barry Malzberg must have at least watched "Murder Gone Mad" by Philip MacDonald: the same journalist recalls other journalist who was there, but she hasn’t the same function and the same role, and if the atmosphere is rarefied in both the novels and the victims are killed under cover of darkness, is also to say that MacDonald generates power only with the atmosphere (like the great masters of the past, for example Connington or Rinehart and Rufus King), while two writers also resort to stylistic and technical processes. It is also to indicate the ability of visionary Malzberg (well highlighted by Boncompagni in afterword) that more than one occasion, with its baroque descriptions, convinces the reader of the insanity of the murderer.
Witness the set having 2 important novels in his writing career: The misterious affair at Styles, his debut as a writer's career (1920), in addition to the character that made universally famous, Monsieur Hercule Poirot, the Belgian detective; Curtain - Poirot's Last Case (1975), Poirot novel farewell.
Curtain - Poirot's Last Case begins when the first was over to Styles Court. Now Cavendish has become the home of a pension, and Poirot has a room for rent. He is worn out by arthritis, and lives in practice on a wheelchair. But Poirot to Styles is not out of nostalgia, but to prevent a murderess to continue to kill, as he wrote to his old friend Hastings. The show, alone, amazing coincidences, events which, taken individually, are of no value, and then, however, compared to each other and respect each and every one under certain circumstances, take on sinister side dishes.
Leonard Etherington, dead apparently rotten food, after the autopsy was discovered to be killed with rat poison with arsenic. Accused wife, she had been acquitted. However the general opinion was unfavorable, and two years after the trial, had committed suicide with barbiturates.
Miss Sharples: died from an overdose of morphine. Insufficiency of evidence against the nephew, Clay Freda.
Ben Craig: Mrs. Riggs assassinated along with a gun belonging to her husband, Edward Riggs, jealous of the relationship between the two. Riggs was sentenced to life imprisonment, after being sentenced to death.
Derek Bradley threatened by his wife for his affair with a girl, was killed with potassium cyanide dissolved in beer. His wife was sentenced to death and hanged.
Matthew Litchfield tyrannical father of four daughters, killed by his eldest daughter Margaret, who would thus allow the sisters to start a new life: interned at Broadmoor because she was incapable of consent, there she was dead then.
Cases that do not appear to have had anything in common, too many to suggest a common matrix, identified only by Poirot. Mr. X is the common denominator of all cases. He too is in Styles Court, became a separate board. And Poirot is there.
He feels compelled to take action, because he suspects, based on all existing connections, another murder is about to take place at Styles Court, where fifty years earlier, had been killed Emily Inglethorp.
George Luttrell, retired colonel is the new owner of Styles Court. He administers the pension and lives there with his wife Daisy. Guests of the board, and so essentially characters in the novel, as well as Poirot, are, at the time when Hastings arrives with his daughter Judith, Sir William Boyd Carrington, Stephen Norton, Elizabeth Cole, John Franklin, the scientist (who has a laboratory ) and his wife Barbara, the waiter Poirot, Curtiss, and Miss Cafres nurse. All the characters, more or less, will have a role in the drama. Between these lies the murderess, Mr. X, and his victim.
Poirot would save the sacrificial lamb, who does not know who he is, and as such seeks the help of Hastings, who ran, together with his daughter, in aid of his friend. But soon there will be a homicide, based on the judgment of Poirot that if one swallow does not make a summer, a murderess makes a crime instead. But first there will be a failed attempt to kill the wife of Colonel Luttrell: he shoots to a rabbit and a bullet grazes his wife.
The bullet was apparently fired from the rifle of Colonel, but is it true or was fired from a rifle similar to the same caliber?
The fact is that, after a death occurs: Mrs. Franklin is poisoned with a lethal dose of physostigmine sulfate. The dose is from the laboratory of her husband, of which both as he as the assistant have a key. It clarifies that the victim suffered from depression, and there's more to an eye witness above all suspicion that he swears to have seen come out clutching a bottle: he is Hercule Poirot. The investigation of the coroner's verdict was suicide. But Poirot has really seen what he has confessed? He knows that the woman was murdered, but since it has no evidence of X is the murderer, Poirot makes the investigation is closed so that he and Hastings are free to work "undercover", we would say today. Moreover, he confesses that he testified, but "not under oath."
Hastings is afraid that something else will happen. In fact, a second murder occurs, and this time under impossible conditions: Norton is found with a bullet in front of her room, locked from the inside, and the key is found in the pocket of his robe, once the door is forced . The window was found locked from inside. This can only be suicide.
Hastings swears to Poirot that he saw Norton (limping) wearing his robe, closed room. But despite Norton has been found with gun in hand, according to Poirot it was murder.
Then, four months after a letter delivered to Hastings will explain everything: how are the three deaths occurred, as there was an attempted murder, but two, as until to murder of Franklin, there were two murders and a real potential. After the murder of Franklin, there were a potential murderer and two real. After the murder of Norton, there were two killers. After the death of Poirot, only a murderer there was. However, he isn’t X but…
I do not know how others think, but I think the Queen had read and enjoyed The misterious affair at Styles, when they wrote The Siamese Twins Mystery. Agatha Christie was in fact the story of two brothers and a stepmother, who was then remarried to a younger man, and murder her, of which he is falsely accused one of the brothers, the Queen, the story of murdered a surgeon, and 2 twin brothers are falsely suspected. In both come into the picture two possible murders of spouses.
But, then, just as Christie would probably have read the works of Queen. For the last four words of the novel, Mark of Cain, we refer to Ellery Queen, to many of his works: the radio play The Adventure Of The Mark of Cain, the novel The King is Dead, a chapter of "Once Was a Woman" , which is called "The Mark of Cain". but at the same "The Siamese Twin Mystery" to "X."
X refers us to Dr. Xavier, but also to twice. A Janus-faced: and this, Curtain - The Poirot's Last Case, is another novel on the double, we could say the novel on double Christie's: because there are four murders, and these four until the end does not seem so. One has never killed, but killed many, and another killed one out of necessity, to save lives, but has not been indicted even praised, and now kills still need to save lives, but no one would think that killed and another still kills, but does not know who killed, and the fourth, which would kill another, ends up a mistake, not his, .. to kill himself.
We could call it, as for Ellery Queen, a "Tragedy of Errors". It certainly seems that those who read the novel, because much more happens, and in this much, many other errors and misunderstandings and characteristic behaviors , that are explained in the cathartic final. Among the behaviors we point out, the "strange" resume the limp of Poirot, who limps as fifty years before.
Why to Styles Court, Christie decided to set his first and his last novel in the series of Poirot? I do not know, but certainly Styles Court, had to play in the Christie almost a symbolic value: there he began his fortune, there had to end.
Few people know that when she wrote her first Poirot, the house where she lived with her husband, Colonel Christie, was called Styles, in Sunningdale, Berkshire. And from the house before her husband went away in 1926 stating that he had a lover, then she ran away (the famous escape and temporary disappearance).
The melancholy of Poirot, in this last novel, is very strong: we see him suffering, and for the first time unable to make reasonable decisions in respect of a murderer who doesn’t dirty his hands ..
That of perfect murder is a way that comes from afar, and that, through various shades, Agatha has explored several times, also engaging fictional experiments, which were not really peculiar, belonging to other British authors (Heyer, Crispin, Wentworth, eg.). For example, the possibility of spreading hate and resentment through the correspondence. For my part, I see a very strong similarity between these odious systems to bring the evil in the community (the weakest inducing killing or causing others to kill), and the system adopted by the assassin X present in this novel through a psychological sensitivity very strong, and doomed to evil, he causes certain people to kill others, touching the right time "some string".
In short, a novel that seems to say so anything, but in reality is, in my opinion, a true masterpiece.
The Wrong Problem , in the production of short stories by John Dickson Carr, is one of his peaks: it was written in 1936. From it Car...
In America , at the time of Van Dine, Abbot was one of his most important followers . He wrote eight novels since 1930 : ...
An alternative analysis of the novel (Spoiler.. but not too much ) In 1933 , two Queen wrote the novel “ The Siamese Tw...
The last year the publisher McFarland has published Masters of the "Humdrum" Mystery by Curtis Evans, an essay who focuses o...
Killing Time: "Persons or Things Unknown" (1938) by Carter Dickson - Back in 2012, I reviewed John Dickson Carr's *The Department of Queer Complaints* (1940), published as by "Carter Dickson," but my Dell Mapback edition omi...
Case with Four Clowns (1939) by Leo Bruce - Bruce’s Sergeant Beef series is one I have relied upon for its relatively consistent quality and I definitely approach these titles eager to find out what ...
Review 1000 minus 3 – Policeman In Armour by Rupert Penny - There’s a snail murderer on the loose. Some vicious blaggard has apparently stepped on a snail and then tracked bits of its corpse through a window and int...
FFB: Maynard's House - Herman Raucher - *THE STORY:* Austin Fletcher has traveled to rural Maine to claim his inheritance. Fresh from war torn jungles of Vietnam Austin has left behind his frien...
#458: The Sleek Interpreters – Bringing the Young Holmes Brothers to Life in Mycroft and Sherlock (2018) by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Anna Waterhouse - Three years ago, when The Invisible Event was but a callow youth, I happened upon a Sherlock Holmes-universe novel co-written by someone who shared their n...
Voter Suppression! The Election Booth Murder (1935), by Milton M. Propper - voting can be murderIn 1926 wealthy Republican building contractor and machine politician *William Scott Vare*, dubbed the "*boss of Philadelphia*," was e...
Arrivederci - Hope you all have a restful and loving Holiday Season and a great New Year. As I won’t be blogging again any time soon, this is something of a farewell. Pe...
Hake Talbot : Rim of the Pit, 1944 - Henning Nelms was born in Baltimore in 1900. He taught dramatic Literature at Middlebury College and Pennsylvania State University, and conducted several t...
Monkey Planet (Planet of the Apes) - Pierre Boulle was a successful French author whose novel *The Bridge over the River Kwai* was turned into a blockbuster movie during the 50s. His 1963 nov...
I am Italian. Once I was reporter, of classical music. Since several years I collaborate with "Il Blog del Giallo Mondadori". I wrote a lot of stories ( 1 Locked Room Novel also and 1 Locked Room long tale, both not yet published) almost all "Locked Rooms", readable on Sherlock Magazine Web site, among which Queen and Rawson apocryphal, while 3 S.Holmes apocryphal have been published in paper form. I wrote essays about E.Queen, R.King, Carr, Berkeley, Aveline, E.d'Errico, S.S.Van Dine, N.Marsh, C.Brand, A.Christie, M.Allingham, etc..on the blogs: "Il Giallo Mondadori", "La Morte Sa Leggere", and on sites web: "Sherlock Holmes Magazine" and "EuroPolar". On italian Mondadori's Blog Giallo, I wrote a history of Locked-Room Lectures in three parts ( a fourth part is in preparation).
Coming soon a my new short story, a classical locked room, will be published from an important american publishing house.
I own five blogs about Crime fiction (3 at italian language and 2 at english language) and 1 of Classical Music.
I want point that because I will thrash out its contents, I will give the story solution: whereby those who have not read it yet, plea...
I wish express my most sincere congratulations to Martin Edwards, significant English writer and very acute critic of ...
It was a long time I wanted write something about Gilbert Keith Chesterton, the great English Catholic writer, author of phenomenal...
Margery Allingham, one of the 4 Crime Queen, was one of the big names of the detective novel of the '900. It is no coinciden...
When I left my son at 9:30 PM, he had his Bible folded over his chest, waiting for me to leave so he could wander over to his reading corner (complete with a beanbag chair and a funky five-headed lamp) and finish reading about the Passover. He couldn’t wait.
I let him read at night. As a precocious reader, he eats up just about any reading material we give him. I could no sooner punish him for staying up to read than I could punish myself for staying up to blog. Sometimes, you have to pick your battles.
This afternoon, he asked why serpents are evil. I told him God made all things good and that the snakes we see around outside our house keep mice in check. I mentioned that the devil took the form of a serpent when he deceived Adam and Eve, but the word serpent could be broader than snake. Then he asked to define the difference between a serpent and a snake. When I asked where he was getting this from, he mentioned the story of Aaron throwing down his staff and it turning into a serpent. Wasn’t Aaron a good guy? What was he doing messing around with serpents?
After his obviously faux attempt to go to bed this evening, he hopped into his beanbag chair and read through the Egyptian plagues, eventually answering his own question about the Passover. When I mentioned earlier that Passover started two days ago, you could see the excitement in his eyes. He thought it was “cool” that the narrative he now read just so happened to coincide with the actual events of thousands of years ago.
When the world was new to us, wonder filled every moment. Who knew what astonishing revelation might unfold before our wide innocent eyes. Magic filled each breath. Possibilities hid behind every corner, ready to unleash the supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
What a pity then that I read so many Christian sites on the Web and note all the child-like wonder sucked right out of them. How sad for us that we traded in our amazement at the mysteries of God for some cut-and-dried “faith” that’s overly diced and ludicrously dessicated.
I won’t hold myself up as the pinnacle of Christian practice by any means, but the older I get, the more I see God restoring the wonder in my life. Something about maturity in Christ recaptures our childlikeness, that winsome inner spectacle that never ceases to amaze us who are His dwelling place. Anything is possible! What can He not do? If we’re not tracking with that kind of “inverted maturity,” we instead turn into grizzled and bitter veterans of the spiritual war. I see far too many people on the path to that cold, hard anti-faith. God help them!
For the Christian, every day becomes that day when the world was new. If we’re living consecrated, abandoned lives. If we died at the cross.
I remember someone once telling me that the angels who worshiped around the throne always had that incredulous anticipatory glee about them… and when they sang “Holy, holy, holy…” it was really more like…
That kind of hit me… we should look to God with that incredible amazement… I think if we don’t… we aren’t close enough to really see Him.
Your post is beautiful! What a joy if must be to have a son such as yours who devours the Bible and is curious to know “why”.
The end of your post speaks to me as one who came out of a “gospel” that saved me from hell but did not lead me to the abundant life Jesus came to give. So many of our churches/denominations/fellowships preach only of the death, burial and resurrection as being payment for our sin (which it is, of course) but they fail to explain the Life that was resurrected on the cross. The Life that is offered to us if we only die to self, or live in “abandonment” to Him.
So many Christians live without wonder because they do not realize their full purpose here on this earth. We are temples. We are made for God. Not to strive in our own strength, but to deny ourselves and give Him reign over our lives to do as He pleases.
Thank you for the Truth spoken here. It is very encouraging to know you are “out there” preaching the WHOLE word of God.
Excellent post Dan! What a thrill it is, when children are engrossed in the word of God, what a blessing your son is to his parents. Thank you for this Dan.
Beautiful post Dan. Happy Easter and thanks for blessing us with your insights. I’m gonna go see what my son is doing tonight?
After getting dark completely I tell my colleagues that I go out for a short walk around Kiilopää. I only want to go up on the snowmobile track on the left of Kiilopää fell, the highest around. I walked one time to the totem and another time with a french colleague to the top for northern lights (it is so good to write, I already begin to mix the northern lights nights in my mind :D!).
I pass the enter gate of the national park and turn left to Luulampi. For the moment I am on the common trail Ahopää and Luulampi. It is easy because I am walking on the snowmobile track and after 400 meters the two thematic trails split. As the direct trail to Luulampi is full of snow (it is called Ahopää), I choose the thematic trail Luulampi which goes up around Kiilopää fell. I should describe the meteo conditions. Not to emphasize myself (as some said), but to understand how it is here: night, full moon, blizzard, around -17...-19 degrees! I don't need a headlamp (I have it on my forehead!) and I have to move continuously!
So I do for the next 1.8 kilometers and reach Marianne cross wherefrom in 700 meters to right I should reach the panoramic view of the top. So... 2-3 pictures and move to right! Under the moon light!
The slope is steeper and steeper, I walk through the blizzard from a pile to another (iron piles around one meter high with a cap of winded snow) and in about 25 minutes I reach the info panel near the top. I recognize it, turn left and in a few minutes I am on the top. We see nothing, I know that I am here!
The path is well-known now, no matter what the meteo conditions are. And I always have track because it is the shortest way from the village to the top. So, in the fairy of the winter, I go down to the gate of the national park.
Welcome (tervetuloa)! The ptarmigan's trail (kiiruna) takes us to the top of Kiilopää fell. From here it takes us down at the base of the fell ant turns back on the Kiilo-oja brook. The fell offers a belleview of the entire national park. The environment is very tough, the wind blows all the time in open field. On the way we find info about flora and fauna. The Kiilopää birch is found only on the fells of Kiilopää and Saariselkä. It has a thich twisted trunk and the leaves smaller than of mountain birch. Due to the low hight it grows higher on the fells than his brother. It doesn't resist up to the top dominated by low grass and springs. We can hear the song of sparrows.
At the entrance of the reception we have some fine snow or ice statues, one of them representing the famous Finninsh Moomins :)!
Ordering flowers from our site ensures that your order will reach us or the family in a timely manner, and your gesture of support will remain acknowledged in the Book of Memories for future generations. We only work with local florists so we can maintain the sense of urgency and quality of your selections. We thank you for helping to support the family during their time of need, and will fondly remember your kind gesture.
The Clinical Advisory Panel (CAP) of the Columbia Gorge Health Council convenes healthcare providers who serve Medicaid clients in Hood River and Wasco Counties. The CAP is seeking responses to the following three topic areas:
Group Facilitation for feasibility and sustainability of a Comprehensive Substance Abuse and Crisis Capability – up to $50,000
Group Facilitation and Project Plan Development for Implementing an adapted version of the GRACE Model – up to $50,000
Deadline date for all proposals is 5pm July 20, 2018. Organizations may choose to respond to one or more of the topic areas.
Group Facilitation for feasibility and sustainability of a Comprehensive Substance Abuse and Crisis Capability
Group Facilitation and Project Plan Development for Implementing an adapted version of the GRACE Model
-Decree-Law No. 61-14 of August 30, 1961, (19 Rabia.I 1381), concerning the conditions of exercise of certain business
-Law No. 90-17 of February 26, 1990 revising the law relating to real estate companies as amended by Law No. 2009-62's July 31, 2009, amending
-Law n° 2009-65 amending Law n° 2003-75 on the support of international efforts for the fight against terrorism and repression of money laundering
Act No. 88-92 of 2 August 1988 on investment companies as amended and supplemented by Law No. 92-113 of 23 November 1992 by Law No. 95-87 of October 30, 1995 by Law ° 2001-91 of August 7, 2001 and Law n ° 2005-104 of 19 December 2005
Law n ° 2005-104 of 19 December 2005 relating to the extension response of companies to venture capital investment
-Law No. 94-42 of 7 March 1994 laying down the regime applicable to the exercise of activities of international trade companies
-Law No. 95-34 of April 17, 1995 on the restructuring of companies in economic difficulties (as amended by Law No. 99-63 of 15 July 1999 and Law No. 2003-79 of December 29, 2003)
-Legislation relating to the franchise agreement in Tunisia: Articles 14-17 of Law No. 2009-69 of august 12, 2009 on the Trade Distribution.
-Law No. 91-64 of July 29, 1991, as amended and supplemented by Law No. 93-83 of July 26, 1993, by -Law No. 95-42 of 24 April 1995 by Act No. 99-41 of 10 May 1999 by Act No. 2003-74 of 11 November 2003 and Law No. 2005-60 of 18 July 2005 on competition and prices
-Law No. 94-36 of February 24, 1994, relating to the literary and artistic property as amended by Act No. 2009-33 of June 23, 2009.
-Law No. 2001-20 of February 6, 2001 on the protection of diagrams configuration of integrated circuits
What the Pine video and you have said is all true and correct, but its not exactly new, its just been ignored by well to be a cliche about it ‘the liberal elite’ and to get all blunt for the Kinds out there, the SJW and gamergate should have be a warning to you all too. Shouting down the debate has gotten now of you anywhere, it has actually taken us backwards, what has been mistuck for progress was in fact the silence of the silent majority. (to be fair to the Tumblr / safe space kids, what other avenue did that have, when your hurting and being persecuted, its easier to shout and lash out,
you’re not getting any help form the leadership of the country, all you get is equal marriage and political correctness and itr helps in the same way a No Fly zone helped over iraq. Everyone has been failed by the political establishment that was thinking it was helping everyone with its free trade)
There were alternatives, but like political correctness suppressed the people, the media and the tools of the establishment shut them down too, people like Bernie Sanders, people like Jeremy corbyn et al. When these alternatives were suppressed we should not be surprised when it all results in trump and brexit. When people have nothing else to vote for why wont they vote for the trotskyists burn it all down option? Why Not? People know it’s not going top get better, whoever they vote for (you think Obama made it better?
Have you seen whats going on both within and outside of the USA? Did Blair make it better? These were the people described as our saviour and they made it worse, not that is the story that is force feed you on the TV). People has the option to burn the system down or more of the same and of course they chose to burn it down. Its like when people get depressed and stuff they work against their immediate best interests because that’s all you can think of. (and I do this to myself all the time. I guess we all do in some way. But this basis of human behavior is dismissed by people who have done political degrees as a trotskyist fallacy, because people and markets are rational and always work / vote in the own rational best interests (when has this ever happened?) amoxicillin tablets online.
What’s the option though? I think its the Rommney quote, people vote for something when you offer them something (ya think), and people vote against others when they don’t feel they are getting a fair deal, that’s why ‘hate’ increases when schools are shutting but they see the single mom down the road still getting benefits, they will hate her and not the people who caused it, people will vote tory or trump to bring everyone down to the same level (because a rising economic tide does not rise all boats).
Leaders need to get out there and offer people a narrative, not the fake narrative of obama, we know where that has lead, but look at what sanders said, compare Angela Merkel’s response to trump’s victory to the response of Teresa may, which one’s better? Which one offers more hope?
And its not about sitting on facebook our twitter, (with the greatest respect to Anthony) Shitposting the opposite point of view to annoy people, that’s just trolling and as bad as the people in their safe spaces and no fly zones. We need to get out there and talk with each other, knock on your neighbor’s door, volunteer at a food bank, go to the open day or christmas fair in your community , be part of your community and communicate with others. The internet and our money has allowed all of us to live in safe bubbles of warm and comfort and shout of those who are different and disagree. Go to talk to them. Its not on the internet or in teh mida that things will change, its not the mogul control of the tv that is to blame, all this can be subverted by being part of your community with your fellow man.
GARDENS GALLERIA Gardens Galleria is a combination of shopping & office space that matches the best in the world. Promoted by India’s leading real estate developer...
Different size booths and bay shops available in Chandigarh to banks (for setting up ATM outlets) and good companies (for setting up their own shops/ retail stores...
The new Isolite 3 system from Zyris allows clinicians to quickly and easily implement a standard protocol for consistent outcomes in procedures that require isolation and moisture control.
Building upon the popularity of earlier versions, Isolite 3 introduces the first-ever amber light integrated into a dental isolation system. This cure-safe lighting option prevents the polymerization of light-cured, resin-based composites, while providing optimal illumination of the oral cavity.
Whether choosing the new, cure-safe amber light or traditional white light, clinicians can select from three intensity levels to provide ideal intraoral illumination.
The new hose design integrates the control head with the evacuation line into a robust and nondetachable unit that is easy to clean and disinfect. Engineered to improve office efficiency, the system includes a cleaning tip attachment for direct-to-canister or chair cleaning systems.
The Isolite 3 also incorporates Liquidmetal into the product design, making the device lighter, yet stronger than previous versions.
Also new is the integration of light management technology that utilizes multiple sensors to dynamically manage thermal loads and light output to prevent over heating.
For operatories with limited high-volume evacuation ports, the Isolite 3 includes a new intelligent Power Vacuum Base that serves as an adjustable Y-adapter.
The Power Vacuum Base can be set to provide suction for the Isolite 3, the Isolite 3 and an accessory, an accessory only, or it can be turned off for cleaning and sterilization.
Optionally, the Power Vacuum Base can be connected directly to the power supply in modern dental chairs.
Like the Isolite 2 before it, Isolite 3 uses the award-winning mouthpieces that integrate a dual-channel suction, protection for the cheek, tongue and airway, and an integrated bite-block for patient safety and comfort.
Zyris (formerly Isolite Systems) was founded to create positive dental experiences for patients and providers. Thanks to innovative solutions, such as the new Isolite 3 system, dentists, dental assistants and dental hygienists can achieve more predictable outcomes — while improving clinical efficiency, patient safety and comfort — in procedures requiring moisture control and isolation.
Written for dentists working in general, family and cosmetic dentistry, as well as specialists from all disciplines, Decisions in Dentistry is a peer-reviewed journal designed to support the highest standards of professionalism and integrity in multidisciplinary care. Reflecting the latest thinking from nationally ranked educators, researchers and clinicians, the journal presents evidence-based, clinically relevant articles in an inviting and easy-to-understand format. Unique in its approach, Decisions in Dentistry makes the complex simple and offers unbiased information and continuing education that dentists can use to improve their technique and provide the highest level of care.
When designing and refining a web site, a roadmap can save a lot of effort. Part of that roadmap is envisaging how your user actually sees the site. It makes sense for that to guide how you develop and test the site. An example of a persona that does this.
Envisaging your web site user involves picturing both what he thinks and what he actually sees. These things can be incorporated into a persona. (Here called Stuart.) Looking through Stuart's eye's helps clarify your thinking and saves time, when designing a web site. A lot of what he sees is determined by his operating system and browsers.
Two aspects of how Stuart is connected to the web are his operating system and browsers. These are illustrated, below, with graphed data over about a decade. Such graphs can be used to check how realistic Stuart is. They also illustrate how the situation changes over time.
Stuart currently use the XP versions of the Windows operating system (OS). He adopted it about half way through it's rise in popularity (mid 2002). (He is reluctant to spend the time converting to a new operating system version and may delay the next change-over, till a similar point.) He keeps the operating system up to date with the latest service packs and patches.
Development and testing should be undertaken on a Windows computer to ensure the site is compatible. In other words the test panel should have access to such computers.
The exact Windows version of the computers is not critical provided that equivalent browser versions are available. (Keeping the system up to date is not crucial for the team, though it is advisable.)
When a new OS version is released, there is time to get ready for it. This while it is still gaining popularity. Timing can be planned from graphs like these.
Stuart uses both Internet Explorer (IE) and a Firefox (Gecko) browser. In both cases he has the most recent version of the browser. (It is possible that his Gecko browser is a few months old.) He uses IE more often.
Two browsers, with a single version of each is relatively easy to test. The test panel should ideally include people with both browsers. In times of transition, when one browser version is replacing another, Stuart will likely use both versions. That means both versions should be tested. Installation, of two versions, is easy for Netscape / Gecko browsers like Firefox. For IE it is not as easy, although it is possible. For that reason testing on dual IE versions might only be undertaken by some panel members.
Historically browsers change more rapidly than operating systems. The exception on the graph is where the Netscape browser had a bad version.
Even though the code base changed, Netscape and Gecko browsers are considered to be from a single family.
This simple browser pattern for Stuart (2 browsers), appears to accommodate over 85% of site visitors so is a fairly safe bet.
This dictates what sizes you should use during testing. How that happens depends on your situation. One approach is for the test panel to use their normal machines. You can capture those details during testing, inspect the machines or only keep notes where it's easy. In that case (panel uses what it wants to), there should be tests across the different screen sizes on at least one machine.
Stuart has both JavaScript and Cookies switched on always. (He also has a cookie viewer and knows how to switch on JavaScript debugging, though he doesn't do these things very often.)
For a simple site you may be able to avoid using JavaScript and Cookies. In my experience however, features that require them are always on the table. That makes it wise to plan for them up front.
There is debate about whether users have these switched on. Surveys suggest that JavaScript is usually on for more than 90% of visitors. Cookies are probably on for over 95% of visitors. Considering how unpleasant the web is without them, I think it reasonable for Stuart to always use them.
You can plan for a panic where either or both are switched off. Consider what it will do for your site. You can (and should) minimise the impact by design, where that's sensible. Where you depend on these features, there's no point in worrying about it.
Stuart uses Windows XP and occasionally Windows 2003. When a new operating system is released he will generally use it within about 18 months. He mostly uses Internet Explorer. Sometimes he uses Firefox. For both browsers he quickly adopts the latest version (and patches).
He generally uses a screen resolution of 1280x1024, with an occasional use of 800x600. In both cases he uses a colour depth of 24 bits or greater. JavaScript is always turned on, as are cookies.
This profile is deliberately simple. Less browsers, less operating systems means less work. The fact that Stuart applies software updates quickly, helps save time and effort in the development team. The test panel should see the web site in one of the ways he does.
Even though the persona is simple it is based on real life data. This same data may give an indication of your Internet population, it may not. If you know your audience is specialised, like Firefox enthusiasts, or Mac using graphic artists your persona will be different from the Stuart described here.
Stuart is based on aggregating all visitors to a site. This won't be right in every case. If you have doubts, it's worth checking the profile of your real customers, and contrasting that with all site visitors. There could be a significant difference. You probably want your persona to reflect the customers more than it does the all comers profile. (While this is a real possibility, but I have not encountered it.)
The testing that derives from this persona is not the whole story. Irrespective of Stuart's persona, the web design is intended to work well for all users. There are techniques to ensure that. The persona defines the main thrust of development effort. The technical team will run deeper checks, even if the test panel does not.
In the past minor browser version changes have removed features. If you were dependent on such features you could be in trouble! While I see no need to run exhaustive checks for minor version changes, major versions deserve to be re-checked. Before the new browser version is heavily used there is an opportunity to make sure the site works well and adapt if needed. (Don't blame the web developers if the browser changes!!) Even if there is a major problem, there is time to react. For a time few people are using the browser, put another way Stuart only uses the new version for one visit in a hundred. If you react while usage is low little damage will be done.
My impression is that there is less good hard information about these details than there was six or seven years ago. Here are some sources that might be as useful to you, as they have been to me.
The University of Illinois, publishes records of browser statistics going back to 1996. Very useful to get a cross section of web history.
The W3Schools publish data about a variety of issues like browsers, operating systems and screen resolution.
Manicure it’s part of our image. Now rarely can meet a girl who would not be interested in the topic of manicure. This is not surprising, because the manufacturers offer us every day more and more coverage options and nails art decorations!
Due to such a large selection, each girl can choose the best propositions for nails! In this post, I offer several options nails art for New Year’s Night!
Proper organization and location of things facilitates access to them at the right time. This saves time a...
Sometimes, for an interesting decorative solutions we use things not for their intended purpose. In this artic...
Live an easy! Enjoy every moment, always and everywhere: on land, at sea, in the air, in a large air balloon, in a...
“We wanted a variety of concepts in fashion that reflects the coffee we prepare,” she said. | Decorno
So maybe I am being a bit too literal but is she saying that the coffee they serve has tattoos and has been hit with the slightly unattractive stick?
I don't have the right words to make fun of this, but this story is pretty lame itself. Whoever spent that much time putting this story together needs something else to do! The quotes are mostly horrible, but at least it's entertaining.
I am glad you feel free to nonchalantly blog whenever you feel like it - thanks for coming back from time to time!
Imagine showing up at work only to have the boss say, "You'll have to change. We already have a caramel macchiato."
geesh. was it a slow day with the lifestyle folks at the nytimes or what? really? better than a hair net?who cares?
I stopped wearing socks, because the process of coordinating them with shoes became too taxing. I can not imagine the anguish of matching clothing to beverages...
Can you imagine what all these tattoos are going to look like when these young women are 60? I cringe at the "big hair" pictures of me from the '80's. They are going to have the same reaction but not so easily fixed. It won't be pretty.
ohhh, crap! Why did they do that?! This is NOT true to Stumptown...at least not the original Stumptown. I know they're trying to adapt to different markets, neighborhoods, cities, etc., but this is not the way to do it....I don't care what my barista wears, as long as the coffee makes it into the cup. I'm gonna ask the guys at the one down the street from my house what they think about this. I'm a big time Stump supporter, and this makes them look a little shallow...
I love that the shitty idea of "let's all wear crazy hats" is more like the uniform at FRIDAY's than what they think they actually look like.
wtf does that even MEAN? wtf! i can't even wrap my poor little mind around that sentence. coffee? fashion? a picture of a hipster chick? i'll make my own f*cking coffee. i know what i like.
In the last post, someone asked me to name the perfect shade of white. Too bad I am totally unqualified to answer this. I am TERRIBLE wit...
My friend Tracy is looking for this wallpaper, but in a smaller size. You can find it HERE at Anthro. I also recall a British? Australian? ...
Interior, Ideas Decoracion Oficina was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Ideas Decoracion Oficina has viewed by 11996 visitor.
Interior, Decoracion Salon Romantico was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Decoracion Salon Romantico has viewed by 63683 visitor.
Interior, Piscinas Prefabricadas Madera was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Piscinas Prefabricadas Madera has viewed by 63179 visitor.
Interior, Hotel Diseño Ibiza was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Hotel Diseño Ibiza has viewed by 76846 visitor.
Interior, Casa Minimalista Caracteristicas was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Casa Minimalista Caracteristicas has viewed by 52715 visitor.
Interior, Tobogan Carrefour was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Tobogan Carrefour has viewed by 47771 visitor.
Interior, Casa Griega Clasica was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Casa Griega Clasica has viewed by 78334 visitor.
Interior, Fabrica Sofa was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Fabrica Sofa has viewed by 55686 visitor.
Interior, Decoración Low Cost was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Decoración Low Cost has viewed by 65993 visitor.
Interior, Bauhaus Armarios was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Bauhaus Armarios has viewed by 79943 visitor.
Interior, Fotos Departamentos Pequeños was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Fotos Departamentos Pequeños has viewed by 54155 visitor.
Interior, Camas Para Jardin was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Camas Para Jardin has viewed by 64635 visitor.
Interior, Cocinar 4 Fotos 1 Palabra was posted June on this site by Decoto.net. More over Cocinar 4 Fotos 1 Palabra has viewed by 51608 visitor.
There are several kinds of technical drawings that are used to create plans for a new home. There are site plans that address coding issues, landscaping, location specifics, drainage (land contours), trees, set backs, and property lines. A floor plan is a design plan of the house, the layout of...
Do you entertain often or rarely? Many home floor plans are centered on entertaining and welcoming guests the minute they step through the front door. A wide foyer opening into an open floor plan living and dining room and meandering to the outdoors would be perfect for guests visiting. Although,...
Tiny homes giving formerly homeless people the opportunity to become homeowners? You bet! Tiny homes are now being built in a Detroit neighborhood where formerly homeless folks and people with low incomes can rent—and have the opportunity to buy—their own homes. These very small green houses are part of a...
Have you done your research on the functionality of the appliances and space arrangements? How about the aesthetics and maintenance of the materials you chose? Does the improvement help to accommodate the growing needs of your family? Will it continue to be of service after 5 years? 10 years? These...
Dean Gino had owned a few businesses and managed individual projects, but in 2012 found he had time to spare. His wife suggested embarking on a housing project. Dean had never built anything before so he decided to give it a shot. He thought it would give him great entertainment,...
House Site - The house site can sometimes play a big part in the style, floor plan and functionality. For instance, if you have a very small site you may need two floors. Or maybe your lot is really hilly and needs a drive under garage. Just make sure that...
In the southern states clay adobe houses are the norm. In the north and other areas brick, wood, and stone are options. The climate will influence this choice as well. In areas where there is cold weather brick and cement are used because they absorb and retain heat. In the...
Deciding on a floor plan can be fun and frustrating at the same time. Assess your family’s lifestyle and your preferences to how you enjoy living. With patience your dream home floor plan will be easier to find than you think!...
Renting to Own. In one month’s time, CCSS received 122 applications to rent the first 25 tiny homes. At least half of the renters selected are formerly homeless people, and the rest are low-income seniors and college students, Fowler says. A couple of low-income Cass staff members were also accepted...
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Deemai website that is not Deemai’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Deemai claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
I recently went back to the UK for a seasonal family visit, and have just received my Christmas gift from AT&T, my cellphone carrier here in the US. It’s a bill for $286. I would never previously have described myself as innocent, but obviously in matters of data roaming charges, I am, because this bill rather took me by surprise.
You see, I have a UK cellphone, so calls and texts were made on that, and I stayed at my sister’s house which has wifi, so email checking, skyping and internet use were carried out at home. There were only two days when I was at our old home in Wales, and on those days I checked my email (twice), checked on the website (twice) and searched for a location (once). And for that privilege, I paid through the nose.
So, since I have returned I have been searching for alternatives, and I may have come up with a solution in the name of iPhone dual sim adapters. As those of you who follow my ramblings know, I adore my iPhone, and generally run my entire life though it. Judging by the comments on the latest Techcrunch article on dual sim phones, I am not alone.
Currently, when in the UK I use an unlocked phone with a local sim to make calls and send texts, but when I need to send emails, I either have to be somewhere with Wifi access or pay what I now know to be exorbitant international data roaming charges. The downside is that because we are doing a lot of traveling, access to Wifi is unpredictable, and I would really like to be able to use Google maps to navigate with.
There are a number of dual sim adapters out there, ranging from $20 -$120 with corresponding quality levels, all of which do basically the same thing – connect the existing sim in the sim card tray to an additional sim (see picture on right). But where the previous multiple sim adapters only allow you to switch between sims with only one active sim at a time, the latest – Vooma – allows you to actually keep both numbers on at the same time. And there appears to be no cutting of sims or poking of slots required – a definite plus when you have my history with electronic gadgetry disasters..
For me, this is heaven. With this latest release, I should be able to simply buy a local pay as you go sim with data and use just one phone to do everything. It’s world domination on a cellular scale. And it’s not just expats and global nomads that stand to benefit – for those of you who live in areas with spotty cellphone reception or who want to use an additional cheap rate phone and data package like GiffGaff, this allows you to do just that.
There is bad news, however. Firstly, the Vooma has yet to be released, although I have signed up to be first in line when they do go on sale. Secondly, they require that your iPhone is jailbroken, and while this is now legal, taking that step is a leap of faith.
I always call AT&T when they have a charge I consider excessive. As yours is. If the first person won’t cut you a deal, ask for a supervisor.
I had previously been told I had no roaming charges. Things changed, but I wasn’t notified. I went to New O. for XMas last year. Many charges on the train. Many hundreds. All taken off my bill. (Even if already paid.)
Hi Rachel! have you tried “jailbreaking” your iphone yet? i’m considering doing so, but a little freaked out about it.
No, but as I am due for an upgrade and my son will be the happy recipient of my current phone, I’m sure it’s imminent. Want me to let you know how it goes?
Archives Select Month April 2016 November 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 September 2010
It’s been one of these days that we read about under the heading ‘Developing Resilience as an Expat’, and already I am an expert. To be fair, it’s nothing life and death, just a seemingly endless parade of disasters, bloopers and general humiliation that characterizes rather too much of my life. In Global Mobility literature, I believe they are referred to as ‘challenges’ or ‘opportunities for development’. In my world, they come under the heading of ‘oh, sh…ootarabbitdead’.
Current life in my world, involves the attempted purchase of a home while our bank accounts, assets and credit history all languish the wrong continent. Factor in a housing market where any homes not scheduled for immediate demolition are selling within a day of being listed and the impending Relocation Assistance cut-off date and you begin to see how the ‘challenges’ of international currency transfer, non-local residence and 8 hour time difference all begin to fray the nerves.
In amongst all this is my abortive attempt to submit my proposal for FIGT 2013, ending with me managing to apparently delete my entire presentation – predictably without making a copy. It would have been a little less embarrassing if I wasn’t on the selection committee and already in receipt of plenty of obviously glitch-free proposal submissions. It’s not an auspicious start.
So back to today. I got an early start on it all, which with hindsight, only meant that I managed to cram rather more chaos into a day than the average expat.
The morning began bright and early with me attempting to make a payment to an online currency exchange from our UK bank. Predictably, since the global financial meltdown, banks are now somewhat reluctant to part with deposited cash, and years of corporate financial shenanigans are now being remedied by tighter security for those of us who have yet to do anything shady. Perhaps if they applied the same rigor to their own dealings, we wouldn’t be in this mess, but who am I to comment on the morality of banking practices.
So, an hour and two international currency transfer attempts later I was walking the dogs, clutching the mobile phone registered to my account in a rather sweaty hand, lest security need to contact me to verify my inside leg measurement. Sadly, for reasons known only to themselves, they had chosen to make the call not on the painstakingly registered-and-verified-by-fifty-million-security-questions phone, but instead on the never-registered-just-used-once-on-an application-form-somewhere UK line. Not only was my transfer not complete, I was now locked out of internet banking, and all hopes of transferring a home deposit before Halloween were disappearing before my eyes.
Should anyone need to know where every single customer service department in Santander is actually based, I could now tell them. Three hours, and a oft repeated ricochet between Belfast and Liverpool call centres later, my account is now reinstated. Predictably, international banking is now closed, unaware that they have my call to look forward to tomorrow.
So when the email from the delightful Maureen at FIGT came through, complete with a retrieved copy of the proposal, I thought my luck had turned. I had demonstrated resilience, patience and good manners, and my efforts had been rewarded – I had both a functioning bank account (albeit still not he wrong continent, but I was determined to stay positive) and I now had a chance at demonstrating my charm, wit and intelligence on a global stage. All of which demonstrates why I will never earn a living as a psychic.
In my defense, I thought I was being both funny and helpful, neither of which I am ever attempting again. Mrs B had called with a request for more information about tonight’s Open House at the High School, and I felt if was my duty not only to share the official details, but also my behind-the-scenes-for-those-of-you-who-have-never-done-it-before review. It was witty, it was insightful, and if it displayed a somewhat less respectful tone (I believe a hip flask was mentioned), it was at least informative. It was also – thanks to a lack of attention to detail and a unerring skill for the inappropriate for which I am notorious – sent, not to Mrs B, but to the Principal of the aforementioned school..
There is that horrific moment at these times when you are desperately clawing at the computer, willing the laws of Google to suddenly change and allow you to recall something that you know full well is pinging into their inbox at that very moment. You want time to stand still, and then when it does, it finds you replaying in your mind just how that acerbic riposte sounded to someone who might not find your dry humor quite as hilarious as its intended recipient.
As all the literature will tell you, a sense of humor is one of the pivotal characteristics in developing and demonstrating resilience. What you might not know is that it’s even better when the other person has one too. That and the kind of grace under pressure that allows you to work with 12oo teenagers all day and stay sane and smiling. Clearly, the Principal has read all the literature about dealing with unfamiliar language patterns, acceptable behavior and diverse cultural norms and offered the universal gesture of tolerance, acceptance and forgiveness.
Previous PostThe “Career Choice and the Accompanying Partner” Survey is out!Next Post8 Money Rules for Creating Your Expat Budget
O.M.G. – I froze when I read that you sent the email to the principal! FROZE. Couldn’t scroll down for a minute (fellow hip flasker here as well).
Me too. Although I think the presence of the Principal or a school counselor at our first five sessions of Back to School night was no mere co-incidence. I probably should be grateful that I wasn’t strip searched..
Rachel, bless your cotton socks! Having sent a couple of those e-mails myself, I understand your heart stopping pain, and am afraid that screaming at the computer does not work (or at least it did not in my case…NOOOOOOOOOO!), and on top of everything else, what an utterly dreadful day. Do hope the house comes through for you. I’ll drink to that out of my hip flask at open house this week.
(Wrote a longer comment earlier but your password system was acting up and wouldn’t submit. Rather irritating)
And amongst all that you managed to focus and pop out a blog – I’d have kept walking the dog! Things can only get better tomorrow… I guess!??
As a follow up to yesterday, especially for Louise, I have just returned from taking the dogs for a walk. Within the first 10 minutes, Daisy-Who-Never-Learns (see previous ‘Tried and Trusted Ways to Lose your Security deposit post) had dug up a wasp nest, and we were all engulfed in a cloud of angry stinging insects. She then decided to fake anaphylactic shock, lying down and refusing to move – leaving me to carry her the mile home. Needless to say, a $140 vet bill later she is feeling much better, albeit very bumpy. The rest of us are still nursing our stings and feeling sorry for ourselves..
My reference to coffee to go cup simply meant that my friends often asked to sniff my “coffee” to see if it indeed was freshly ground. snicker! I’ll put in an order for a proper hip flask so that I’ll not stand out …
Housing stress, school stress, Banking system frustration, compounded by intercontinental time differences, pet illness and pest infestations; you have ticked nearly all the expat challenge boxes in one week1!! I think its unlikely you could get a coup or an extreme weather disaster but I do believe if it happened you would not only be prepared but also have the humour and resilience to manage it.
And will open a bottle of something in this hemisphere and drink to you when your house is finally yours.
I’ve known that sick feeling when you’ve hit “send” and realized you’ve made a horrible mistake. Glad to hear the Acalanes principal has a good sense of humor. Now, I want to see that email! LOL Sounds pretty funny!
Actually, Gmail has an “undo” button you can click on to abort an email going out, but you have to do it pretty fast.
What an interesting site! No mention of the plight of the ever growing band of Discarded Diplomatic Wives though???
Hi There! We’d like to make sure that your contact submission/feedback is directed to the appropriate team at Defrez. Please read through the following carefully before submitting below:
We can only address issues related to Defrez and Defrez.Com. We are not affiliated with the sites we write about.
If you would like to submit pictures, please see the “Submit Pictures to Defrez” page that has more details.
If you would like to use the Defrez Logo or any content on your site, please contact us via one of the provided email below or use the Form so that we may look into your request. Please be as detailed as possible.
In a post-apocalyptic world, a family is forced to live in silence while hiding from monsters with ultra-sensitive hearing.
After the family matriarch passes away, a grieving family is haunted by tragic and disturbing occurrences, and begin to unravel dark secrets.
Erasmus Student Network (ESN) is a non-profit international student organisation. Our mission is to represent international students, thus provide opportunities for cultural understanding and self-development under the principle of Students Helping Students.
Hostelling International is the only global network of Youth Hostel Associations. Located in some of world’s most inspiring locations, the HI network offers 4,000 unique hostels in 91 countries worldwide. All their hostels meet assured standards, which guarantee a range of good quality safe accommodation, in friendly surroundings at affordable prices.
ESNcard holders have access to a free one-year long Hostelling International membership. With the membership students can get a 10% discount in over 4.000 unique hostels as well as thousands of other local and national discounts around the world. From Paris to Berlin, Shanghai to New York, Sydney to Buenos Aires, Brussels to Stockholm.... Everywhere!
Or fill out this form and we will enable your wholesale account and get you on your way to carrying our amazing e-juice in your store:
You may return most new, unopened items within 14 days of delivery and we will exchange it for an item that is of the same or lesser value. We'll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.).
You should expect to receive your item within 2 weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive it more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper, and the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days).
If you need to return an item, please Contact Us with your order number and details about the product you would like to return. We will respond quickly with instructions for how to return items from your order.
We offer FREE shipping to addresses that are not in El Paso, Texas. If you are in El Paso you are going to have to pay for shipping or come by one of our locl stores to pick up your item.
If you are placing an order and have an APO or FPO address, select United States in the country drop down. Then select Armed Forces followed by ytour respective continent. It is really easy to do and we ship to APO/FPO addresses all the time!
When you place an order, we will estimate shipping and delivery dates for you based on the availability of your items and the shipping options you choose. Depending on the shipping provider you choose, shipping date estimates may appear on the shipping quotes page.
Please also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. The weight of any such item can be found on its detail page. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full pound.
© 2015 JD Nova Group LLC - Website Designed by iNova Designs. All Rights Reserved. Visit our sister site here: www.VAPOLOCITY.com.
Special from De La Salle North Catholic High School. De La Salle North Catholic High School (DLSNC) is pleased to announce the appointment of Oscar Leong as its next president, effective July 1, 2018.
Leong is the third president of DLSNC and he succeeds interim president and founder Matt Powell who is returning to his position of executive director of the Lasallian Christian Brothers Foundation, located in Napa, California.
Leong comes to DLSNC from Cathedral High School, a Lasallian Christian Brothers school in Los Angeles which serves more than 700 young men, primarily from low-income, Latino families. In addition to being a graduate of Cathedral, he has worked at the school for the past 26 years in various roles, including English teacher and director of development and admissions. Leong brings vast fundraising experience to DLSNC, including the successful completion of two capital campaigns in the last ten years.
DLSNC chair of the board of trustees Patti O’Mara said, “We are thrilled that Oscar will be joining us. His experience, personal story and passion for the school’s mission make him absolutely the perfect fit.” As president, Leong’s primary responsibilities include leading strategic organizational development, fundraising, building relationships with corporate partners, maintaining relationships with the Christian Brothers and the Cristo Rey Network, and representing the school in the community.
“It is with enthusiasm and pride that I look forward to becoming an integral part of the De La Salle North Catholic community,” said Leong. “I was drawn to the school by the unique partnership between the Cristo Rey Network and the Lasallian mission. Over the course of the past 26 years I have strived to always take into account the needs of each student and to create opportunities for their own personal, spiritual and academic success and I truly believe that De La Salle North Catholic offers this and so much more.”
Times are subject to change, but this is to give you an idea of what to expect, and maybe make a few boners pop out after seeing all this awesome shit...
Enjoying the prime of an improbable career that began as an assistant in the FOX Sports human resources department in 2006, Charissa Thompson is the host FOX NFL KICKOFF. The lone female host of a Sunday NFL pregame shows across all national networks, Thompson serves as the show’s versatile ringmaster – conducting interviews, leading segments and deftly moderating discussions among studio analysts Colin Cowherd, Charles Tillman and Dave Wannstedt. In addition, she recently added the duty of serving as the Sunday game-break anchor for the NFL on FOX, voicing highlight packages that cut into FOX Sports’ presentation of regular season NFL games every Sunday. Read Charissa’s full bio here
Cher rocks a leather mini skirt and fishnets for French TV appearance. SHE may have turned 67 this year, but that hasn't stopped Cher from dressing like she did in the Eighties. By Kirsty McCormack. PUBLISHED: , Fri, Oct 11, Cher performing on French TV show Vivement dimanche Flynet Cher performing on. 21 Oct Whenever I head to the States, with a bit of humor, I bear gifts of fishnets and patterned stockings for my friends and relatives. My sister once asked me upon receipt of a pair of "Dim" brand fishnets (found in any French department store in a wide variety of patterns at a reasonable price), "What am I going to. Buy Capezio Professional Fishnet with Seams Fishnet Tights at the Official Capezio Store. See full range of Capezio Fishnet Tights sizes & styles all available now.
Roughsex animated Some women may think they lack 'class,' but one male friend says that they 'lead to heaven. Leave A Comment Click here to cancel reply. The last photo of a girl wearing a fishnet tight with her skirt and boots look so chic. HIPZ Wrap a measuring tape around the fullest part of your hips, making sure boys milfsex keep the tape parallel to the ground. AW fashion week inspirations How to wear my black patent Doc Martens? Send me your newsletters about Fishnets france latest arrivals and special offers for this country:. Fishnets france Inventory Only Left!
Fishnets france BUST Measure transgender beautiful around the fullest part of your bust, with the tape straight across and your back, bringing it to the. Combination with fishnets france dots can be especially tempting, giving you a lot of possibilities when combining them with other fashion pieces. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. I can never wear a fishnet tight. Welcome to your home in Paris.
BLOW JOB VIDEOS FINGERS This week and next, I am exclusively writing the first few chapters and a book proposal of the first of a series of books. We all shop here so contact us if in doubt about your size! WAIST Wrap a measuring tape around your natural waistline, making sure to keep the tape parallel to the ground. What is your social network login? Doublepenetration flashing to wear fishnet tights? In a retro mood with an ankle length skirt. We all shop here so contact us if in fishnets france about your size!
HUGE DICK FORBIDDEN We all shop here so sloppy blowjob facialcumshot us if in doubt about your size! Slip on your favourite pair of jeans that fit you best. Simply complete the request form to book your fishnets france. Stay on this website. If you prefer fishnets with "something extra" so they can be the foundation of your look, browse among the ones with various patterns and embellishments.
Read past issues of Parler Paris It didn't matter that she wasn't real, he headed inside anyway to see more styles leaving him with pleasant thoughts for domina games long flight cross country. Wear them grunge style under an oversize T-shirt. Even the year-old ladies propped on canes to get down the cobblestoned streets can be seen in fishnets hobbling in their stilettos. I always made a point of wearing some really lacy pattern to all the Living and Investing in France Real Estate Conferences we held in the States, just to show that it's possible to be sexy and professional all at the same fishnets france. HIPZ Wrap a measuring tape around the fullest part of your hips, making sure to keep the tape parallel to the ground. Combination with polka dots can be especially fishnets france, giving you fishnets france lot of possibilities when combining them with other fashion pieces. 6 May Two years ago I spotted red fishnet tights on the shelves of my Monoprix (when in France, check this shop, it may look like a supermarket, but is french women's best kept secret). Good find, that's exactly the kind of fashionable gadget that'll upgrade an outfit easily! If you are scared of fishnets (maybe you're. Shop for fishnet stockings and pantyhose to complete your look. Find everything from black fishnet stockings to classic women's hosiery. Browse our selection of fishnet tights, from micronet to jumbo fishnets, with various details and embellishments! Enjoy free shipping on orders over $
And he showed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding from the throne of God and of the Lamb. In the middle of its street, and on either side of the river, was the tree of life, which bore twelve fruits, each tree yielding its fruit every month. The leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations. Revelation 22:1 & 2
Having written previously on this subject, and made my apology, in other words, before; one might think that I've already stated my position, so why take it up again?
If you have read any of my articles, you may have noticed that I am wont to turn to Jesus' words to Martha, in John 11:25, 'I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in Me, though he may die, he shall live'. It should be clear that Jesus ( God ) is the resurrection, not some necrotic physical body coming back to life, although, as I've mentioned before, this had happened before as a picture, a preview, if you will, for those 'under' the Old Covenant. There is no doubt that Jesus did bring Lazarus, after he had been in the grave four days, back to physical life; but I don't believe that's what Jesus was telling Martha, for in the very next verse, He said 'whoever lives and believes in Me shall never die'. Obviously; Jesus was speaking of the Life-giving Spirit ( I Corinthians 15:45 ) that He, together with His Father, was! Using physical language that Martha could understand; Jesus revealed a spiritual truth to her, not that her brother would physically rise from the grave a 'the last day', but that those who believed ( trusted ) in Christ were resurrected, brought to True Life, and would never suffer the pain of separation from God.
Matthew 4:17 records that Jesus, upon His baptism, and trial by 'fire' in the wilderness, began immediately to follow John's prior example, telling them 'Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand'. This, in fact, was arguably the main focus of Jesus earthly ministry, and the subject of numerous parables ( Matthew 13 alone records 9 parables concerning the kingdom of heaven! ).
In Mark's Gospel; we read the parallel passage to that above, but Mark recorded Jesus as saying 'The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand. Repent, and believe in the gospel'. What time was Jesus speaking of here, but the same 'time' that He spoke of to John, at His baptism, when He said 'Permit it to be so now, for thus it is fitting for us to fulfill all righteousness' ( Matthew 3:15 )? I believe that Jesus was revealing, to those with 'ears to hear', as it is this day, that He Himself was the kingdom, and that the time had been fulfilled, and the kingdom had come ( Matthew 6:10 ) to fruition. In Luke 10:9; Jesus told His disciples to tell the people of Israel, 'The kingdom of God has come near to you', and in the very next chapter told the Pharisees, who had questioned His power and authority, 'if I cast out demons with the finger of God, surely the kingdom of God has come upon you', Later; Jesus told His disciples, in answer to their question 'Teacher, but when will these things be? And what sign will there be when these things are about to take place?', 'So you also, when you see these things happening, know that the kingdom of God is near' ( Luke 21:7 & 31 ).
One may wonder at this point where I'm going with this: although it's fairly clear throughout the New Testament ( Greek ) Scriptures that Jesus and the gospel writers, not only looked for the kingdom of God/Heaven to be revealed in their day, that, generation' ( age ), but that they taught that the kingdom, in the 'form' of the Christ, had indeed come to them, was ( very physically ) near them! When Jesus comforted Martha with 'I am the resurrection and the life'; He, in other words, was telling her that He was the fulfillment of all those promises, made under the Old Covenant ( Genesis 21:12c ( Galatians 3:16 ), Jeremiah 31:31 ( Isaiah 42:6 ( Luke 22:20 ), II Samuel 7:10-16 ( Hosea 3:5 ( Luke 1:32 ), to Israel!
When Jesus told the Sadducees, in Luke 20:34-36, in answer to their question about the resurrection ( which they didn't even believe in ); 'The sons of this age marry and are given in marriage. But those who are counted worthy to attain that age, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry nor are given in marriage; nor can they die anymore, for they are equal to the angels and are sons of God, being sons of the resurrection'. When one remembers Jesus' words to Martha, after the death of her brother, and just prior to his physical reanimation, when He told her 'I am the resurrection and the life'; it should be clear that Jesus was telling them much the same thing, for in the next breath, He also told her 'whoever lives and believes in Me shall never die'. Jesus told the Sadducees above 'nor can they die anymore' because they were 'sons of the resurrection'. The same holds true today. Paul wrote, in II Corinthians 5:17, 'Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; behold, all things have become new'. When he wrote these words to the Corinthian believers ( church ) in the first century, they probably understood his words in the context of the sayings of Jesus to this effect, or possibly even the writings of the Old Testament prophets, like Isaiah ( 65:17-25 ), Jeremiah ( 31:31-37 ), and Ezekiel ( 36:25-27 ). Although these words of Paul's do not have quite the same meaning for us as they did for those first-century believers; I believe that we can be assured with those same words, that we have been made new, in Christ, just as they were then, and thus enabled to make the right choice, to be 'in' Christ, and loving as we have been loved, by Love itself ( thanks Arthur )!
We are prone to 'bandy' words about, and these are some of those words that we like to use, but what do we really mean when we quote Paul as saying 'in Christ'? I'm not sure if any of us can fully, or sufficiently explain what that phrase means: as an infinite God; can any of us truly know, in our finiteness, what it really means to be 'in Christ'?
When Paul wrote ( at the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, of course ) these famous words, probably one of the most-used phrases in his letters; he employed the Greek ἐν ( en ), which is properly translated 'in', because it is 'a primary preposition denoting (fixed) position (in place, time or state), and (by implication) instrumentality (medially or constructively), i.e. a relation of rest', according to the website Blue Letter Bible, using the Strong's ( on-line ) Concordance. To be 'in' Christ, then, means that we have a 'fixed' position 'in' Christ, because of what He has done; as Paul told the Roman believers, in Romans 8:38 & 39, 'For I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels nor principalities nor powers, nor things present nor things to come, nor height nor depth, nor any other created thing, shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord'. Paul , nor Jesus, promised that 'sons of the resurrection' would experience life as 'a rose garden' ( or 'a bowl of cherries', 'box of chocolates', 'peaches and cream', etc, but God did promise that we would always have 'the love of God in Christ Jesus'! ( there's that word again )
Anyone familiar with my writings should know that I like to emphasize the fact that we are the 'Body of Christ' ( I Corinthians 12:27, ; Ephesians 4:12, Colossians 1:24 ). Paul previously had told the Corinthian church that 'as the body is one and has many members, but all the members of that one body, being many, are one body, so also is Christ' ( 12:12 ); so how are we members of His Body? As a child ( oh, the naivety! ); I used to imagine myself, as Paul talks about in the next several verse, the 'foot', 'hand', 'eye', or some other physical body part, but as I matured, I began to understand that Paul was using this physical picture as an example of how we ( spiritually )are menbers of Christ's Body, in other words, 'in' Christ. As the Body of Christ on earth ) then; we are members of His Body in a very physical sense when we are joined with His Church. ( I'm not speaking here, of what is traditionally called the visible church ( institutional ), but of the body of ( true ) believers, who, though they may not be affiliated with the afore-mentioned, belong to Christ's Body, traditionally known as the invisible Church. )
I believe Scripture makes it clear that we are 'members individually' of the Body ( I'm not condemning membership in the institutional or local church! ), and thus, in that sense, are literally, in a very physical ( yet still spiritual ) sense, members of His Body. I mentioned, in the very first part of this article the answer that Jesus' gave to the Sadducees ( tricksy ) hypothetical question, but one part of His answer that I didn't comment on was 'those who are counted worthy to attain that age, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry nor are given in marriage' ( although I have, I believe, made a few comments on it, in a previous article ). When Jesus said they ( 'sons of the resurrection' ) 'neither marry nor are given in marriage'; I don't believe that He was speaking of the physical act of marriage, although, in the historical and covenant context, they would have understood it that way, but was referring to the coming end of that 'age' ( Old Covenant ), of which that was one of the signs of God's physical blessing ( Isaiah 62:5 ( Psalm 127:5 ). Jesus was revealing the fact I believe, that in the 'New', eternal 'age' ( 'in the resurrection' ) there would be no concern, spiritually speaking, with 'marrying and giving in marriage' ( Matthew 24:38 ), because in the New Covenant; we have been married to our Head, to Christ, and secondly, because, as Paul wrote to the church in Galatia, 'there is neither male nor female; for you are all one in Christ Jesus' ( Galatians 3:28 ). I wrote, in a previous article, 'Jesus told them ( Sadducees ) and reminds us, in language reminiscent of Matthew 24: 37 & 38; that the sons of the age in which He lived in the flesh ( the Old Covenant age ) were focused on the physical aspects of life, marrying and giving in marriage; while those who were counted worthy ( notice; He didn't say 'those who are found worthy' ) to attain that age ( the everlasting age in which we as Christians live, ie., His kingdom ) would be focused, not on the physical aspects of life, but on the spiritual aspects of true life, in and for Him': no more are we to be, or need we to be concerned with the above, for now that we are the Bride of Christ, and married to Him in the New Covenant, we have, as Paul told the Ephesian church 'every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places in Christ' ( Ephesians 1:3b ). The physical blessings, as I've described above ( and there are countless others ) of marriage under the Old Covenant, and even today, pointed to, and still point to the spiritual blessings which we enjoy as the Bride of Christ, the 'wife' ( Romans 7:4 ( Malachi 2:15 ) of God!
'And he showed me a pure[a] river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding from the throne of God and of the Lamb. In the middle of its street, and on either side of the river, was the tree of life, which bore twelve fruits, each tree yielding its fruit every month. The leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations. And there shall be no more curse, but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it, and His servants shall serve Him'.
Again; Paul wrote to the church at Rome ( Romans 12:1 ), 'I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable to God, which is your reasonable service' : like I said before, this may be 'old hat, 'old ground' that we're covering here, but it stands repeating, I believe. We are those 'leaves' that John mentioned above! Physically speaking, of course, we are not leaves, nor are we physically to heal the nations ( although, sometimes, this does happen as an extra benefit ), but spiritually, we are 'leaves of the tree' ( that Tree being Christ/God ) and 'branches' of the True Vine!
Jesus said, in John 14:12, 'Most assuredly, I say to you, he who believes in Me, the works that I do he will do also; and greater works than these he will do, because I go to My Father'. If we believe in Him, that He is who He says He is, and and able to do what He says He will and did, then we must believe that we are who He says we are, and are able to do what He said we can and will!
May God continue to bless us all, as we continue and even begin ( in some cases ) to realize that we are who we are, and that we have what we need, to do what we have been given to do, even in this physical existence, because He is our life, and we are 'in the resurrection'!
I have recently relocated to the small town of Whitehall, Montana, where I am congregating with Covenant Community Church, and striving to do my part to advance the Kingdom of God!
Throughout this blog, unless otherwise noted, I have used the New King James Version ( NKJV ) of the Word of God, as revealed in the Hebrew, Greek, and Syriac Old and New Covenant Scriptures.
Although I use mostly this version ( NKJV ) throughout this blog; I do not view the NKJV ( or any other version ) as the final, authoritative Word of God, but merely man-made translations of said Word of God, which, I believe, according to II Timothy 3:16, is authoritative in all walks of life.
This blog contains writings from up to 10 years ago. Although I have tried to be consistent in my beliefs over the years; the earlier articles on my blog may reflect a slightly more immature view. As you read, therefore, you may notice a slight progression in thought.
well furnished studio of 30 square meters. located hinein the center of playa del ingles 5 minutes from the commercial code yumbo and rein front of the commercial code Kasba. The studio is located on the fourth floor of the building ... with kitchen, sleep, ocean view
This welches my second stay in Antonio's apartment. The stay visit was a pleasant as the first visit. The apartment is hinein a great location for ease to access to the beach and plenty of restaurants and markets.
Convenient location, about 300-400m from Copacabana beach and about a 20min walk from Ipanema beach (great for sunset). The apartment is fully equipped and small and cozy. Maria gave us great tips and advice. She welches very responsive to all the messages. Thanks again!
We had a fantastic time at Mijo's place! The apartment has everything you need and the terrace points towards a lovely garden - the Schwimmbecken is only a few metres away but far enough to not Beryllium disturbed Beryllium others. We loved that everything welches very clean and tidy and that we were able to relax on the couch and cook our own meals after a "busy" beach day. ;) The beds are very comfy and the shower was nice and hot to wash the sand away. The location of the apartment welches just perfect.
Cozy apartment with a big couch to relax on. Recently put german satelite for anyone Weltgesundheitsorganisation need it. Its included rein the buildings tv Anlage for free (thanks to other guest that found out about it).
The only suitable word is great. Appartment is hinein great neighborhood, five minutes to the beach (Copacabana). All the buses go there, it almost seemed that anywhere we go we always end up on Barato Ribeira street so we couldn't get lost even if we tried. Taxi from SDU airport is cheap there as it's close. Local bus from the bus Krankenstation stops hinein this street as well. What else could we wish. The appartment welches clean, well equipped, had everything we needed, fridge, microwave oven, hot/cold shower. We had towels prepared as well so we had everything we could ever need. Carlos welches really nice to us, communication without any Schwierigkeit, we met at the doorstep as we agreed, we got the keys and click here we could enjoy!
Ur trip at Alvaro's place welches amazing. We were greeted to a bottle of champagne when we checked hinein. Great area and lovely little place to stay. Alvaro was a brilliant host and drove us to the airport at the end of our stay. Would recommend this place to everyone!
His accomodation is rein a perfect location, close to a supermarket and 10 minutes walking away from the beach, his house is very nice and he offers you the possibility to use the entire house including the kitchen and the access to the Swimmingpool. He's really nice and caring, the first night he suggest us a Wirtschaft (that welches really good) and even drove us there and he called us to ask if we were okay when we went to playa de Güigüì (a quite dangerous place).
Naughty tattooed teen Sailor practicing handjob on the chair... Debbie is a sexy sailor that loves face sitting 10: Tattooed exgirlfriend Sailor lapdance 5:
Information and Data is provided for informational purposes only, and is not intended for trading purposes. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of our Terms Of Service.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets kitchen paint colors with maple cabinets color schemes wood wall for kitchens golden oak what goes best dark brown cupboard cabinet granite light pai.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets kitchen colors with oak cabinets kitchen paint with oak cabinets painted wood or colors pictures kitchen paint colors with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets kitchen cabinets golden oak a kitchen kitchen paint colors paint colors with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets golden oak everywhere help golden oak everywhere help paint colors with golden oak cabinets paint colors with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets kitchen paint colors with golden oak cabinets also wall trending inspiration design trends picture ideas dark paint colors for kitchens with golden o.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets kitchen shelf display ideas paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets kitchen paint colors with oak cabinets inspiring kitchen paint colors with golden oak cabinets set wall colors with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets oak cabinets kitchen paint colors redo oak kitchen cabinets kitchen remodel with oak paint colors with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets s s s s paint colors with golden oak cabinets paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets kitchen colors with oak cabinet cabinet colors kitchen door paint light oak kitchen cabinets kitchen paint wall colors with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets pickled oak cabinet paint colors for oak kitchen cabinets cool paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets on refinishing pickled oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets home improvement kitchen paint colors with oak cabinets choosing the right color for country style kitchen natural green kitchen paint colors with oa.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets kitchen paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets how to paint old kitchen cabinets images of painted kitchen cabinets cabinet paint how to.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets kitchen paint colors with golden oak cabinets painting paint colors with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets full size of designs oak cabinets kitchen cabinets traditional medium wood golden brown wall colors with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets the best kitchen paint colors with oak cabinets doorways paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets kitchen colors with oak cabinets magnificent kitchen color ideas with oak cabinets the choice of paint paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabi.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets oak cabinet kitchen nice ideas kitchen oak cabinets with for light natural refinishing oak kitchen cabinets oak cabinet kitchen kitchen oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets coffee paint color ideas with oak cabinets kitchen paint colors with golden paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets large size of oak cabinets what color walls kitchen color schemes with black paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets.
paint colors for kitchens with golden oak cabinets large size of wall colors with light wood cabinets kitchen wall paint colors wall colors with golden oak cabinets.
Filter Results by : Date - new to old Date - old to new Price - low to high Price - high to low Show 20 40 80 Per Page Items 1 to 20 (of 105 total)
I am an enormous, large fan of Samsung gadgets and my present collections are Samsung Galaxy S2 and Samsung Galaxy Tab eight.9. As a fan of Android based units, I noticed that some of the common issue users usually faced is their devices are not ready to connect to their computer systems or laptops. In another phrase, can we remedy the issue when Samsung devices couldn’t be detected to LAPTOP or laptops? This text function a tenet for all of you and hopefully it is possible for you to join your machine inside five minutes or much less after reading this. Many computer systems supply the possibility to download your dive profile info to your MAC or COMPUTER. This is not for everyone and most of the people do not hassle to do it. Nonetheless, there are a number of devoted people who are fascinated by things like this. Beware: there are some good applications and bad packages. Examine around on the internet forums for the mannequin you are thinking of buying and see if they have a consumer-friendly computer program.
I hope this helps others. It’s how we had been capable of get again to a traditional life after virtually ten months of misery. I hope this may assist different folks and families. God bless you. Whereas some newer motherboards have fairly good integrated graphics, if you want to build a gaming LAPTOP it’s going to require a dedicated card just for the graphics when taking part in any of the latest video video games.
Overall, for a mere $22 for the USB OBD II cable, I am very pleased with every little thing the software program permits you to do and look at. I bought my cable months ago and have used it continuously, even if it is just to assist me monitor data. It is a great tool and I highly advocate it. Nevertheless, if you do not have a more moderen laptop computer (or a laptop at all) I might follow a hand-held one as it could probably be faster and easier for you.
Let R be the set of all sets that are not members of themselves. If R is not a member of itself, then its definition dictates that it must comprise itself, and if it accommodates itself, then it contradicts its own definition because the set of all units that aren’t members of themselves. If the problem is a faulty half, likelihood is good that the pc will read a new error and register a code again by the time you get into the shop for the inspection. The objective of this article was to not cheat the system but to keep away from expensive repairs when solely a sensor is at fault.
You’ll be able to get better files from formats that had been accidental format. This is the case even if you have had Home windows reinstalled. There is disk recovery following the crash of your exhausting drive. Many individuals don’t realize that you could be additionally have the ability to get well photos, documents, e-mail, and video music.
Looking for the cheapest car insurance in Donnybrook, North Dakota? We can help you compare the best deals. Simply enter your Zip Code in the form above and you will be on your way to finding cheap Donnybrook, ND auto insurance quotes from the best providers in North Dakota.
One of the most important types of insurance that you can have if you are an adult is car insurance. It is legally required for all adult drivers. The type of insurance that you get can differ on each vehicle that you own. It depends upon whether or not you are making payments, or if you own the vehicle outright. Older vehicles will only need some form of liability insurance, whereas brand-new vehicles will need liability, collision, and comprehensive coverage. It can be very expensive if you own multiple vehicles, and if your rates have recently increased, it is definitely time to look for better premiums and coverage from a different provider. Here are a few of the best budget auto insurance coverage online tips that you can use as you are searching the web for the best rates available in Ward county.
You have probably searched for review websites in the past, but it may not have been related to car insurance. It could have been for a product that you want to buy, or a service that you wanted to try, but there are websites that will definitely show you which Donnybrook North Dakota auto insurance provider is the best. They will evaluate these companies based upon different parameters such as cost per month, the type of coverage, and a multitude of other factors. The ones at the top of their list are the businesses that you will want to consider working with, and they can save you a significant amount of time by doing this work for you. These websites benefit when you purchase the insurance through their links, allowing them to earn a commission. There really is nothing free on the Internet when it comes to buying or selling insurance. If this type of website does not provide you with the information you are looking for, you will want to find a couple different quote websites
Buying car insurance policy on a limited funds can be tough to do. You want the greatest coverage, but you can only pay for so considerably. In this post, we will give some worthwhile tips for finding top quality vehicle insurance coverage protection on a tight budget. Read on to understand a lot more.
When considering insurance coverage for a younger driver, be confident to estimate the envisioned mileage per year. Numerous insurance coverage companies will offer a discount for minimal mileage clients. Most probably, a higher school age driver will qualify, even if they push to school and function. Be certain to examine with multiple companies to compare costs.
To make sure you are acquiring the very best deal on your car insurance policy, get prices from at the very least a few various insurers. You can select to deal with person insurance policies companies or you can go to an insurance broker, who can symbolize numerous firms and get you estimates from each and every one.
One particular great and underrated way to preserve on your monthly vehicle insurance policy rates is to be part of an car club. Specifically if you are driving a classic or uncommon motor vehicle, becoming a member of an automobile club will enable you to join with a team discounted charge, ultimately saving you hundreds of dollars each year on your insurance policies rates.
Obtain a higher top quality "safety-rated" car to get reduced quality prices. These automobiles are acknowledged to be the most secure on the market, so insurance coverage businesses will give you a little bit of further credit score if you are driving one particular. Appear for sedans and household cars, as they are usually the kinds with the ideal rankings.
Do not allow inferior components to be employed to mend your auto, and it will previous for a longer time. Some insurance policy companies could send you to a fix store that will not automatically have your car's ideal passions in mind. Make sure that they use areas directly from the company to make sure a perfect suit and that they fulfill federal security expectations.
If you want to pay out less for your insurance, cease driving your auto. Appears straightforward, but it's effective as extended as your insurance firm offers reductions for cars with low mileage. Using the bus or going for walks far more usually can keep your automobile in the garage and save you money on your rates. You may even get rid of a pound or two!
One particular tip to lower your vehicle insurance policy fees is to keep a excellent FICO rating. Car insurance policies businesses are beginning to search at your score and you will want to have a good one so you can help save some further money. If your rating is on the low aspect perform on it to make it higher.
Do some thorough planning in advance when searching for your up coming auto. Planning forward can conserve you a whole lot of income when it comes time to place it on your car insurance policies program. Start looking at statistics and comparing prices early on. It really is constantly a fantastic concept to program for the foreseeable future.
Buying for auto insurance coverage typically feels frustrating to many people, but it need not be a stressful expertise. By taking the time to teach oneself on automobile insurance policy and the many options obtainable to you, you will be able to make the option that is right for you and your wants.
Show your support for the NHL and the Anaheim Ducks this year with the Anaheim Ducks NHL 13-14 Playoff Flex. Rain or shine, this Black/Gray hat will keep you in style all year long. Stay comfortable and cool with this structured hat, featuring a normal bill and medium crown. Imported and made of woven polyester, this product requires easy spot clean product care. Represent your favorite team and sport all year long with Anaheim Ducks Hats from Lids.com.
Multi-Screen Remote Desktop (MSRD) offers a very fast and safe solution to administrators and power users for monitoring other remote computers on their network.MSRD can help to display desktops of up to 9 remote computers on your own screen in real time. Controllable Mode allows you to use keyboard and mouse to control any one of the remote computers individually. MSRD makes remote-control and remote-access so easy and reliable.
Who uses Multi Screen Remote Desktop? Our software is used by network administrators to span a wide range of network types. Almost any type of network can benefit from this tool.
Employers seeking to regain discipline in their employees' Internet activity commonly use MSRD. Many companies are faced with employees who waste time online when a supervisor has their back turned. Finding out the TRUTH about what they are doing *and* administrating an employee PC couldn't be easier.
Educators needing to monitor and control the computers in their classroom also use MSRD . See an instant snapshot of their screen to make sure they are working and not surfing the internet or playing games. Lock their PC and much more.
Parents who need to monitor and control their home network are also users of MSRD. Your child will think twice about doing something naughty online if they know you can see everything they do. View an instant screenshot, block web sites or applications and do many other useful tasks.
If you are suddenly in need of a plumber in your home in or around Southampton, MA, contact Ondemand Plumbing immediately. Our plumbers are available around the clock. They are professional and reliable and will fix your plumbing problems quickly and efficiently. Ondemand Plumbing plumbers are just that, reliable! They offer full services for whatever your needs are in you home in the area of 01073. Contact Ondemand Plumbing plumbers if you have a plumbing problem of any kind regardless of what day of the week it is or what time of day it is. They give you emergency service when you need it. Is your toilet overflowing? Is your bathtub backed up? Did your sump pump stop working? Our plumbers will be there fully prepared to get the job done for you.
Ondemand Plumbing plumbers will be there when you need them. There is no need to fret and wait. They will come day or night, weekends or holidays prepared to help you in your emergency situation. You may have one of several plumbing problems in your home in or around Southampton, MA. When they happen suddenly, it is hard to know what to do. Ondemand Plumbing plumbers are friendly, fast, dependable and reliable no matter what your plumbing emergency entails. You may have a sewer backup, broken water heater, flooded basement, broken boiler or clogged kitchen sink. No emergency job in your home around the area of 01073 is too big or too small for Ondemand Plumbing plumbers. Contact them for your emergency plumbing problems and they’ll be on their way. They are also available for non-emergency plumbing as well.
Tank vs. Tankless. Average cost with installation: Tank – $889.00 (40 to 50 gallon tank) Tankless – $3,000.00.
Average Cost To Repair A Water Heater. The average cost to repair a broken water heater is $483. Most homeowners pay between $244 and $576 to have their broken hot water heaters fixed.Jun 6, 2017
A water heater reset button, usually red, is located in the center of the limit switch just above the water heater thermostat. hot. If this happens the limit switch can be reset by pushing the reset button in after the water cools down. This is a pic. of a water heater thermostat, limit switch and reset button.
The older the water heater, the more likely it is to break down. As a general rule, a tank type water heater will last, on average 8 to 12 years. With proper maintenance and a little luck, you may be able to nearly double the lifespan of your water heater.
Based on the manufacturer’s suggested service life, the life expectancy of a water heater is about 8 to 12 years. That varies with the location and design of the unit, quality of installation, maintenance schedule and water quality.
If the previous shower lasted 15 minutes, you’re looking at about four minutes of hot water remaining. If you want to loll in your own 15-minute shower, you’ll need to wait 47 minutes before stepping in. (Gas units heat faster, so multiply by 1.9 instead of 4.3.)Jun 24, 2015
A shorted heating element—It may be that the thermostat is working just fine and shutting off the heating element. But a short in the element is causing it to continue to heat your water. Loose wiring—A loose wire in the water heater can generate heat that can cause the high-limit switch to trip.May 17, 2016
The average gas heater takes between 30 and 40 minutes to fully heat up the water in its tank. The average electric heater takes about twice as long as the average gas heater to fully heat up the water in its tank, so you can expect it to take between an hour and an hour and 20 minutes to heat up.Aug 12, 2016
Labor. Plumbers typically charge $45-$65 per hour and can typically install a water heater in a day (6-8 labor hours), for a total labor cost of $270-$520. Water heaters that are difficult to access or that are in tight enclosures can take an extra 2-3 hours ($90-$195) to install.
For homes that use 41 gallons or less of hot water daily, demand water heaters can be 24%–34% more energy efficient than conventional storage tank water heaters. … In contrast, storage water heaters last 10–15 years. Tankless water heaters can avoid the standby heat losses associated with storage water heaters.
A leak from the temperature and pressure relief valve (T&P valve for short) may be caused by excessive pressure inside the tank or overheating. This pressure on the T&P valve will keep it open almost continuously, leading to water heater leaking. … Before replacing the T&P valve you’ll need to drain your hot water tank.
Include a detailed description of your company or add a personal biography to your website. Introduce yourself to the world and clearly display what you have to offer. Let your visitors know who you are.
Creating a blog is easy. Just choose one of the available blog templates for your blog page. You can combine various types of blog lists with a sidebar. Populate the sidebar with a collection of useful widgets. Turn on the social sharing to ensure...
With Elated Themes your website will look perfect. You can be certain of it. Take control over your website. All elements can be easily styled and modified.
Did you recieved a calll coming from this 7178370630? Check the comments below to find out bits of information about the number that just called. Please refer to the comments and share your experience with us
If you think this phone number is your private, please click here to contact the administrator to delete report.
Information is provided on this website "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement. Use of this website is at your own risk. You assume full responsibility and risk of loss resulting from your downloading and/or use of files, information, other communications, content or other material (including, without limitation, software) accessed through or obtained by means of this website. Under no circumstances and under no legal theory shall checkcaller.online, its suppliers, or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this website's contents be liable to you or any other person for any lost profits or income, lost business or lost data, or for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising from your access to, or use of, this website. checkcaller.online is not an official website to track mobile phone owner details.
Received a friend request on PSN, name- qutiepie_x40 "Heya I'm about to get off here right now but if u ever wanna text me u could my mum is 717-837-0765 ;)" Very weird.
Chefs Request Seasoning Chef’s Request Steak Marinade and Buckhead Wildlife Marinade are also great on many other meats, such as wild game or waterfowl. Chef’s Request was especially developed for the “True Steak Lover”…
You can find Chef's Request at your local Straubs, local Super Valu stores and Hellige's Market in Breese.
You can order our seasonings and marinades by ordering online, paying by phone or filling out an order form. Click on your desired option to proceed!
Sort By Default sorting Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low
Cherish Maree Vintage is the online style diary of Danielle which explores her love of home decor, fashion, vintage and gardens. One of Danielle’s mottos is,you don’t have to spend a million dollars to look a million dollars. Cherish Maree Vintage aims to show its readers how they can achieve this in their wardrobes and homes. I hope you find it inspiring and dare to be colourful, bright and fabulous!
Tags: flower garden layout plans, free vegetable garden layout plans and spacing, garden graphics free, garden wallpaper high resolution, growing lawn on terrace, house gardens, indian home garden landscaping, karnataka, low maintenance yard ideas and pictures, most beautiful scenery in the world pictures, picking vegetables clipart, picture of a vegetable garden, planting a flower bed ideas, school gardening activities, types of home gardens
Rainbow Falls Waterfall Stock Photo Maximkabb. Rainbow falls waterfall stock photo maximkabb. Swimming pool with jacuzzi and waterfall at a luxury home in sarasota fl stock kdnkaw. Red house near waterfall stock image photos images alamy kgeyrb. A fountain and waterfall water feature at the all england tennis club wimbledon home of fjh. Home design […]
Tags: backyard ideas for small yards, benefits of school-based community gardens, black rose flower garden, flower garden drawing images, garden visualiser, home vegetable garden ideas, how to make your garden look nice with no money, landscape design ideas, low maintenance yard ideas and pictures, most beautiful home gardens in the world, small garden ideas on a budget, various landscape designs, vegetable garden ideas for small spaces
Tags: backyard vegetable garden plan, descriptive essay about a garden, free cartoon images of gardeners, kitchen garden india in hindi, landscaping next to house foundation, low maintenance yard ideas and pictures, small vegetable garden ideas, terrace garden design in india, terrace vegetable garden, vegetable garden in kerala
Garden Roof Assembly American Hydrotech Inc. Often designed to be accessible for use thises as close you can get replicating your yard or garden on the roof assembly american hydrotech inc gr lawn. How to build rooftop garden ideas moroccan home decor x. Put a roof garden on your how to make the most of […]
Rock Garden Designs For Front Yards Small. Rock garden designs for front yards small. Image of perfect front yard landscaping ideas with rocks top jbeedesigns outdoor. Front yard landscaping ideas with rocks rock for gallery and pictures the garden furniture frontyard including small picture decoration. White rocks for landscaping river rock ideasyard pinterest front. Landscape […]
Tags: 10 most beautiful places in the world to visit, animated wallpapers for mobile phones free download, cheap garden ideas small gardens, gardena my garden, gardening with preschoolers, good garden essay, home vegetable garden fence, kitchen garden magazine pdf, low maintenance yard ideas and pictures, modern house garden landscape, natural garden wallpaper, simple landscape ideas for small yards, terrace garden bangalore, the school garden
Tags: 10 most beautiful places in the world for honeymoon, backyard makeover cost, best flowers for front yard, different methods of gardening, flower garden cartoon images, food security at household level, garden vector black and white, home garden ideas landscaping, importance of gardening in our life, low maintenance yard ideas and pictures, planting flowers in pots for beginners, quick fix garden ideas, terrace garden design pictures, vegetable garden design pictures, what are the benefits of gardening
Cheap Inexpensive Landscaping Ideas For Front Yard Garden. Cheap inexpensive landscaping ideas for front yard garden landscape with small on a budget design gray stone planter pox interesting eco friendly. Garden stylish for landscaping ideas lawn small front yard in of house landscape images modern. Stunning backyard garden ideas cheap has landscaping. Cheap garden landscaping […]
Tags: gardening essay example, how to terrace a sloped yard, low maintenance yard ideas and pictures, most beautiful places in the world hd wallpaper, small front yard landscaping ideas townhouse
C&D, in conjunction with CDP Training, are running a teacher-trainer course in Birmingham at the end of the month for all those interested in delivering training in any industry.
This new course replaces the PTTLS accreditation and will enable successful candidates to develop and deliver courses on any subject. The course has been popular but we do have two spaces left if it is of interest.
Here at C&D we are very happy to be helping 20 young people find employment with the help of Groundwork Greater Nottingham and support from the Big Lottery-fund Talent Match programme.
Full details of our involvement in the project can be found over at our sister site Demolish & Dismantle.
who should take fish oil nordic naturals epa best fish oil benefits of fish oil for children organic fish oil barleans fish oil organic evening primrose oil capsules fish oil pills benefits fish oil vitamins buy fish oil online fatty acids supplements small fish oil capsules top rated fish oil supplements nordic naturals dha fish oil tablet benefits benefits of fish fish oil benefits for skin what are the benefits of taking fish oil pills fatty acids benefits flaxseed oil fish oil body vegetarian flaxseed oil capsules fish oil caps fish oils supplements fish oil side benefits what is the benefits of fish oil fish oil review fish oil epa dha dietary oils fish oils for children new zealand fish oil fish oil liquid benefits of supplements flaxseed borage oil anxiety fish oil fish oil benefits for dogs fish oil supplement health benefit of salmon fish oil capsule benefits depression and fish oil fish benefits health health benefits of sardines top rated fish oil benefit of fish oil supplements fish oil reviews flaxseed oil benefits alaska fish oil highest dha fish oil fish oil softgels fish oil dosage health benefits of fish oils fish oil for cholesterol benefits of salmon high potency fish oil fish oils benefits
Even though time is limited, quality of life needn't be. Home Hospice provides the highest quality of care and services for those journeying through the final phase of life & support for families.
A huge thank you to Mrs Wells and Class 6 of Kingsmill School in Driffield who visited last week to present us with a donation cheque of �162.63 - we are very grateful for all your efforts in fund-raising for us, thank you! We look forward to welcoming you to the farm again in the near future
Crafted from our Italian waxed leather, this billfold style features a fold out extension for extra credit card storage.
If you are not sure about your glove size, measure the hand you normally write with at its widest point in inches (excluding the thumb), then round down to the nearest half or whole number - this will be your glove size.
Gloves sizes come in half and whole numbers, between 7 and 11½ for men and 6 and 8½ for women. For example, if your hand measures 8½ inches around its widest point (excluding the thumb), your glove size is 8½.
A Special Delivery option of 1 to 2 working days (excluding Bank Holidays) is available at checkout at a cost of £6
A Special Delivery option for Europe of 1 to 2 working days (excluding Bank Holidays) is available at checkout at a cost of £20
If your purchase is to be deliveried to a non-European Union country, it will be UK Value Added Tax exempt, and 20% will be deducted from the cost of your item on checkout.
Dents of England has handmade the world’s finest leather gloves since 1777. Today, the best traditions of this time-honoured craft are combined with contemporary design and luxury leather in stylish accessories including gloves, wallets, and belts.
Very beautiful escort girls from Denver wait you every day! They are sexy and skiled! Choose your girl!
Carpe Diem Haiku Kai is the place to be if you like to write and share Japanese poetry forms like haiku and tanka. It’s a warmhearted family of haiku poets created by Chèvrefeuille, a Dutch haiku poet. Japanese poetry is the poetry of nature and it gives an impression of a moment as short as the sound of a pebble thrown into water. ++ ALL WORKS PUBLISHED ARE COPYRIGHTED AND THE RIGHTS BELONG TO THE AUTHORS ++ !!! Anonymous comments will be seen as SPAM !!!
This month we are finding our inspiration through the novels written by Paulo Coelho. Several of his novels I have used earlier here so sometimes there will be a "deja vu" I think. Today, while I am seeking a little bit time in between the things I have to do, I will use a quote from "Aleph", Paulo Coelho's most personal novel ever. Recently we had an episode about this novel, in our anniversary month, so maybe this quote you will remember. I used it for the first time back in 2014 when we were on a trip straight through the former USSR with the Trans Siberian Railway.
[...] "I am not a foreigner because I haven't been praying to return safely home, I haven't wasted my time imagining my house, my desk, my side of the bed, I am not a foreigner because we are all travelling, we are all full of the same questions, the same tiredness, the same fears, the same selfishness and the same generosity. I am not a foreigner because, when I asked, I received. When I knocked, the door opened. When I looked, I found." [...] (Source:'Aleph' by Paulo Coelho)
A short episode, but well ... enough inspiration I think. Have fun, be inspired and share your Japanese poetry with us all.
This episode is NOW OPEN for your submissions and will remain open until December 14th at noon (CET). I will try to publish our new episode later on.
Hi Chèvrefeuille, I posted mine but with a slight variation; hidden dreams needing to be found. I hope this isn't too far off the mark! Have a good weekend 😊
[...] “When composing a verse let there not be a hair's breath separating your mind from what you write; composition of a poem must be done in an instant, like a woodcutter felling a huge tree or a swordsman leaping at a dangerous enemy.” [...]
Dear Haijin, visitors and travelers, Autumn has started so it's time for our seasonly Retreat, a period of 30 days to write haiku o...
Sometimes a haiku, tanka or other Japanese poetry form comes in mind just in one eye-blink. Those poems I call Impromptu-verses. Here I will publish these Impromptu-verses. Today's Impromptu verse: (11)
Carpe Diem is the place to be if you like to write and share haiku (or another Japanese poetry form like e.g. tanka). It's a family of haiku loving poets.
Japanese poetry is known as the impression of a short moment, say a heartbeat or an eye-blink, in which nature plays an important role.
It's free to participate in Carpe Diem. By participating in Carpe Diem, you agree with the use of your work in the exclusive e-book series of Carpe Diem.
Of course your work will be credited as Carpe Diem always does. However all the texts and works at Carpe Diem are copyrighted and the rights belong to the authors.
PS. Of course it is possible that you don't want to have your work published in our exclusive series of CDHK e-books. Please let me know that by sending an e-mail to our e-mail address carpediemhaikukai@gmail.com
As you graduate and start to build your own life, you will start to receive wedding invitations from your relatives as well as the friends you spent your high school life or uni life with. When this happens, you will probably have a hard time deciding what to wear on their special occasion looking poise but not upstaging the bride. The best choice for women to wear to weddings without worrying looking out of place is and always will be dresses. Everyone knows that a woman should never ever wear a white dress to a wedding. However, a woman can definitely look stunning in a black dress as it gives a classic sophisticated characteristic. As they always say, black is the new black. This simple yet classy colour will never ever go out of trend. Black dresses may be seen as inappropriate to some people but as time passes, black dresses are perfect to flaunt at weddings especially if it is a night event in a ballroom. Besides that, black colour has the slimming effect which will make you super confident mingling around in your own skin.
For the ladies who prefer to show off their feminine side should opt for a pastel coloured dress. Pastel coloured dresses are perfect to be worn at any weddings as they complement the wedding themes. Other than that, pastel dresses make a woman look soft, elegant and approachable. Pair the pastel coloured dress with a pair of ballerina flats or high heels and go swift through the place with style and look how much of attention you'll get.
The third type of dress suitable for wedding occasions is lace detailed dresses. Laces always have that certain elegant touch in them which makes a woman look effortless. For example, women who want a girly girl look may go for a dress with a lot of embellished laces with lighter colours while the louder women may appear poise with a black lace dress.
Interested ladies who cannot figure out what to wear on weddings and need some new clothes should check out ZALORA dresses online for women collection from various brands. Unlimited choices but I'm sure you'll find the perfect one which fits you like a glove there.
So elegant pastel dresses for wedding ceremonies. In fact I was looking for exactly these inspirations. At local wedding venues NYC we have also been invited to a pastel themed ceremony and so I needed ideas for dresses. You have helped me a lot by sharing this article.
I am so grateful to find your particular post. I have bookmarked this website and I will keep visiting you for further such interesting posts.
I am thankful to this blog for assisting me. I added some specified clues which are really important for me to use them in my writing skill. Really helpful stuff made by this blog. สถานที่จัดสัมมนา
The work will never get done but is just too lovely to be indoors. Set off for the Col du Bac this morning, another walk from our back door into the hills. A steep climb from Chez Maison Bleue is soon rewarded with spectacular views of the valleys and mountains.
It took me around 4hrs to the Col and back, returning via Chalabre. The GR7 signs (red and white stripes) make for easy navigation. Roam as far as you wish among the hills surrounding Sonnac Sur L’Hers; if you like to wander where not many others do, then this region is the one for you.
I agree with most of your points, but a few need to be discussed...November 15, 2016 - 3:55 pm by http://www./
Welcome to the Christ's Hospital Forum - for discussing everything CH/Old Blue related. All pupils, parents, families, staff, Old Blues and anyone else related to CH is welcome to browse the boards, register and join in!
AULEEZE Jewelry: We are professional jewelry manufacturer who have 21 years experience in jewelry production. We believe the best things are still made by hand. In AULEEZE, our mission is through expert guidance and training, to provide you with the best quality of loose diamonds and most valuable jewelry, clear up your doubt feel free to go buy. Our jewelry is crafted with superior materials and inspected against exceptional quality standards. We\'re confident that you won\'t find a more cost-effective diamond or piece of jewelry. By purchasing from AULEEZE,you are able to cut out all of the so called "Intermediary" allowing us to pass the saving directly on to you. This is we always insist on doing.
Attention: because of shooting or display and other reasons, such as occurred with the picture color material is not the same as the slightly, please take physical design and color shall prevail.
Every diamond is a miracle of time and place and chance. Like snowflakes, no two are exactly alike. GIA created the first, and now globally accepted standard for describing diamonds: Color, Clarity, Cut, and Carat Weight. Today, the 4Cs of Diamond Quality is the universal method for assessing the quality of any diamond, anywhere in the world.
The diamond color evaluation of most gem-quality diamonds is based on the absence of color. Diamond D-to-Z color-grading scale is the industry\'s most widely accepted grading system. A color grade of D is the highest possible, while Z is the lowest. Many of these color distinctions are so subtle that they are invisible to the untrained eye; however, these distinctions make a very big difference in diamond quality and price.
No two diamonds are alike. A diamond\'s most distinguishing characteristics are its inclusions, marks that are often invisible to the naked eye. But this and do not affect a diamond\'s beauty in any discernible way. A diamond categorized as internally flawless will have no inclusions, but this is extremely rare.
Most diamond experts agree that cut is the most important of the 4Cs. Cut above all else makes the diamond brilliant and spark. And of all the diamond 4Cs, it is the most complex and technically difficult to analyze.
Diamond carat weight is the measurement of how much a diamond weighs. Remember that carat weight and gemstone size are not always equivalent in that gemstone size is also a function of the stones proportions as well as weight.
Houses have deeds. Vehicles have titles and registration. It only makes sense that you have similar documentation for something as precious as your diamond purchase.
A diamond certificate, also called a diamond grading report, diamond dossier, or diamond quality document, is a report created by a team of gemologists. The diamond is evaluated, measured, and scrutinized using trained eyes, a jeweler’s loupe, a microscope, and other industry tools. We will offer GIA and GDTC certificate to you.
1. Exceeding quality expectations: We have over 10000 certified jewel, exquisite materials, and skilled craftsmanship. Our quality is defined by a thousand details and consistently exceeds our customers\' expectations. From initial design to the final workmanship, AULEEZE stands behind every item.
2. Moissanite best price guarantee: Our moissanite prices typically 20% to 30% lower than our competitors, you will receive the best and lowest price. We stand behind this standard with our moissanite price guarantee program.
3. Enjoyed your risk-free shopping travel: You can asked refunds within 7 days when it is starting from the day you have received it. Please noted that, all of return items must keep them still be fine and safe. And, all of customized jewelry not accepted return and refunds, if there are not any quality problem with them. Because it is the unique which just belong to yourself, it was very hard to found any people to love these jewelry who as like you, so we refused to return these customized jewelry. Thanks for your understanding.
4. Expert guidance: If you have a question or ask for help, our non-commissioned Diamond and Jewelry Consultants can give you personalized guidance without requirement.
Your shopping experience is important to us. If you are satisfied with the items please leave us 5 star feedback which feedback in as much details as possible(with picture). You just need 1 minute it’s a great way to help others make purchases like yours! Please contact us before leaving a negative feedback,we will definitely for you to solve these problems to ensure your satisfaction.
We have a mature system to customize jewelry, in order to you can got a perfect jewelry, please contact us to confirm the design which do you love, ring size, metal and stone type.Every pieces of jewelry start to man made by skillful craftsman after you place an order, the grams of jewelry will depending on the carat weight, ring size and different style, all in order to prevail in kind.All of jewelry are handmade by skilled craftsman in AULEEZE. Please wait for 5-7 business days to finished its processing. Please contact us to confirm it.
20 most Inspiring Mark Zuckerberg Quotes infographic Mark Zuckerberg is an American technology entrepreneur and philanthropist best known for co-founding and leading Facebook. He has achieved so many things in a short period of...
30 Most Inspirational Elon Musk Quotes Infographic Elon Musk is one of the most innovative, brilliant people of our time. From computer game to PayPal to SpaceX to Tesla this man has shown his...
Inspirational Steve Jobs quotes for entrepreneurs Successful entrepreneur quotes are always inspiring people. Steve Jobs quotes are always inspiring youth and entrepreneur. Quotes of Steve Jobs will help you in your entrepreneurial journey. Below Steve Jobs...
Lawrence Edward Page (Larry Page) (born March 26, 1973) is an American computer scientist and Internet entrepreneur who co-founded Google with Sergey Brin. It’s a number 1 search engine in the world . He...
Quotes entrepreneurs can use to motivate and inspire people. In this article you can find quotes of entrepreneurs from various fields. They are billionaire, philanthropist, innovators and leader in their filed. These quotes of...
Check out the top 5 shots of the week from the 2018 Travelers Championship, featuring Jordan Spieth, J.
Check out the top 5 shots from the Memorial Tournament presented by Nationwide featuring Bryson DeChambeau, Rory McIlroy, Mackenzie Hughes, Hideki Matsuyama
Check out the top 5 shots of the week from the 2018 AT&T Byron Nelson, featuring Joseph Bramlett, Kevin Tway, Hideki Matsuyama, Scott McCarron, and Kevi
Check out the top 5 shots of the week from the 2018 Wells Fargo Championship, featuring Jason Dufner, Peter Malnati, Rickie Fowler, Johnson Wagner and Jason
Check out the top 5 shots of the week from the 2018 Zurich Classic of New Orleans and United Leasing & Finance Championship, featuring Scott Piercy, Chr
Check out the top 5 shots of the week from the 2018 Valero Texas Open and Bass Pro Shops Legends of Golf, featuring Martin Laird, Kirk Triplett, Trey Mullin
Check out the top 5 shots of the week from the 2018 RBC Heritage, featuring Satoshi Kodaira, Ryan Moore, Patrick Cantlay, Danny Lee and Luke List.
All video content, images, logos, and trademarks presented on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Expanded background checks for gun sales fails in Senate, delivering blow to Newtown families and Obama
WASHINGTON – Compromise legislation to expand mandatory background checks for gun sales -- a key element of the federal response to the elementary school massacre in Newtown, Conn. – failed Wednesday afternoon in the US Senate.
The inability of President Obama and Democratic leaders to round up the required 60 votes in favor of enhanced background checks dealt a striking defeat to a major initiative of the president’s second term, falling short despite numerous pleas and trips to Washington by families of the Sandy Hook Elementary School victims, whose children were murdered five months ago by a lone gunman with a semi-automatic assault rifle.
The Senate voted Wednesday afternoon to block the first of nine amendments to Obama’s gun control bill, a compromise forged between senators Joe Manchin, a Democrat from West Virginia, and Pat Toomey, a Republican from Pennsylvania to expand background checks for gun buyers.
Despite the bipartisan negotiations, the amendment failed when only 54 senators voted to proceed, falling six votes short. All New England senators voted yes except for Senator Kelly Ayotte, a Republican from New Hampshire.
Erica Lafferty, 27, the daughter of Dawn Hochsprung, principal of Sandy Hook who lost her life in the shooting, said she was disappointed by the vote “but the fact that it got to the floor is good.”
“I’m confident that it will be back, and I also know that I will be here when it does come back,” Lafferty said. “We’re not going away.”
Senator John McCain, an Arizona Republican, praised Manchin and Toomey for their efforts during the debate preceding the series of votes.
“You did the right thing,” McCain said. “What they have tried to do today I think is an act that should be appreciated by those of us who many times avoid taking the tough decisions.”
Senator Christopher Murphy, a Connecticut Democrat in favor of gun control, spoke out against the outsized influence of the gun lobby.
“The longer that I’ve spent in this place, the more I’m convinced that there are people who actually do believe that we should just go back to the days of the wild, wild west,” Murphy said, “that we should usher in a new era of gun control Darwinism in which the good guys have guns, the bad guns, and we just hope that the good guys shoot the bad guys.”
Because of senate procedural rules, a 60-vote threshhold was required for each of the nine amendments to proceed. The other amendments include an assault weapons ban and limits on high capacity magazines.
The gun debate has been marked by intense lobbying on both sides, big-spending influence campaigns targeting individual senators, and some vitriolic attacks, particularly by some groups opposed to firearms restrictions.
Groups beyond the National Rifle Association, the traditional representative of the gun lobby, have played a major role in the debate. The National Association for Gun Rights used email alerts, online videos, and a Facebook page to convey mocking imagery that targeted individual senators.
In a series of Facebook posts, the group showed Obama as a puppeteer, controlling the strings of Toomey. Stamped in red ink is, “Toomey Sold Out Your Gun Rights.”
The gun rights group similarly depicted all 16 Republicans who voted last week to prevent a GOP filibuster and move forward on the gun legislation debate. The 16 also are shown with their faces on sticks, tagged by Facebook users with unfriendly names. Senator Lamar Alexander, of Tennessee, is “Socialist.” Senator Tom Coburn, of Oklahoma, is “communist #9.” Senator John Hoeven, of South Dakota, is “Judas Bastard.”
Senator Kelly Ayotte, of New Hampshire, is “liberal [expletive] 1” while Senator Susan Collins, of Maine, is “liberal [expletive] 2.”
Polls show that nearly 90 percent of Americans support a strong system of background checks for gun purchases. But the looming failure of gun-control legislation illustrates how vocal minorities are exerting strong influence on congressional debates by targeting individual senators with outside pressure, channeled through Internet organizing.
Few have experienced as much heat as Collins, a Maine Republican who has built a reputation for being moderate and open to compromise. A host of groups in recent days have taken out ads in Maine trying to win her over, including groups supporting gun-control legislation.
Organizing for Action, an offshoot of President Obama’s campaign network, ran an ad Friday on the Bangor Daily News website with this message: “Tell Senator Collins: It’s time to close background check loopholes.” That ad came a day after a full-page ad from the National Rifle Association that asked, “Will Obama’s gun control proposals actually work? His own experts say, ‘No.’”
The group on Monday posted a doctored and unflattering photo of Collins with her eyes bulging as if she were a zombie. Within an hour, 5,413 people liked it on Facebook and 490 people had commented on it.
Senator Rand Paul, a Kentucky Republican, Wednesday morning criticized the president for using the Newtown, Conn., families “as props.”
At a breakfast with reporters sponsored by the Christian Science Monitor, he said the legislation would not have prevented the Sandy Hook shootings, and he criticized the vote as being mostly for show.
“A lot of things in Washington are window dressing, it’s a dog and pony show, it’s a parade, it’s theatrics, it’s histrionics, all to show people that something bad happened — which it did. Something terribly tragic happened,” he said.
I did too but felt it wouldn't make it in the House anyway. Glad to see Obama exasperated and defeated on this, but I doubt it will stop him from using EO's.
Also, there was a vote on national CCW reciprocity. Unfortunately it didn't pass, but got got 57 votes for, 43 against. It got more votes than the Toomey/Manchin bill. In other words, more Senators voted to expand gun rights than take them away.
There wouldn't have been the votes in the House anyway. It was a bad bill that the federal govt had not authority to even consider. The Constitution is NOT for sale either.
Eventually they will convince a stupid public that it is better to take rights away from law abiding citizens than actually punishing criminals that use guns to commit crime.
"President Obama lashes out at lawmakers who failed a bill supported by most Americans, and vows to continue the gun control fight."
Red Dead is the only Rockstar game that even appeals to me, it's also the only series that is console only. They don't need my money, haha.
It will probably be on PC eventually but who knows how long that will be. Could be a year out. I don’t think I could wait that long. Haven’t been this pumped for a game since high school.
So I read a preview on another forum that was translated...can't even believe it lol...here's some snippets...
"In play, and on the scripted missions, we can see Arthur Morgan begin to unbutton his jacket and then open it completely once the heat is felt.We can also access Arthur Morgan's statistics in the options to know the body temperature level, knowing that if our cowboy is too hot or too cold, his health nucleus will be altered and will empty accordingly. For the sake of efficiency, but while keeping this coherent and organic side, know that Arthur can change his outfit on the camp, in a hotel room, at the tailor, but also while standing in front of his horse, which allows access to the options offered via the saddle. "
"Either he tries to catch the witness, beats him or scares him enough to keep quiet (L2 + Triangle to threaten a witness and to keep him silent, but some NPCs are not impressed), either he can negotiate with the police if the crime remains minor, or he disguises himself by changing his clothes so as not to be recognized (knowing that when one is pursued by the police, he is impossible to be served by a trader who will then ask Arthur Morgan to leave his house), or he will go to one of the bus stations to pay his debt".
"For example, we tried to cross a river with a strong current on our horse and we ended up drowned, our kernels of endurance and health having been emptied ... Otherwise, know that Arthur Morgan can sit everywhere from when there is a chair. And sitting next to the NPC allows you to listen to conversations, get information, anecdotes that could have missed if we had missed."
"Otherwise, sitting next to the campfire, Arthur Morgan has access to a whole craft system of incredible richness. Our cowboy can indeed make all kinds of objects such as weapons, special ammunition, tonics, care for his horse, improved equipment, tools for hunting, lures for fishing, provided by cons to have the raw materials necessary for making.
For example, combining animal fat with alcohol creates an incendiary bottle. It is the same with ammunition that can be mounted for example to obtain more powerful bullets or more perforating. Ideal for shooting down enemies more easily, or eliminating a big predator (bear type) in just a few shots. But that's not all ! In addition to being a fine craftsman, Arthur Morgan is also an outstanding cook, since he is able to make his own cuisine from meat, fish and other venison that he has recovered from the dead animals. he will have hunted beforehand.
Just like Zelda's Breath of the Wild, it is up to the player to create his own recipes, trying on combinations with herbs that he has picked up in the wild. Thyme, mint, oregano and other aromatic plants can be picked by Arthur Morgan, knowing that according to the shaped recipes, the benefits are not the same. It is up to the player to search for recipes or diagrams that increase the possibilities.A drop-down menu will allow you to see the statistics obtained according to the mix, with improvements that vary according to health, endurance or even the Dead Eye. But where Red Dead 2 goes further than Zelda Breath of the Wild is in the quality of the meat. As I have already told you in my previous previews, depending on the method chosen to slaughter an animal, the quality of the meat obtained differs.
And a meat of poor quality can not be seasoned, forcing Arthur to consume raw. Know also that eating a meat - or a fish - prepared (so cooked) will have more fortifying effects than to hit a piece of raw meat. On screen, these Top Chef moments translate into an Arthur Morgan who plants his piece of meat (or fish) at the end of his knife and then leaves it over the fire for cooking. We also take the opportunity to tell you that after cooking a food, it is possible to keep in his bag to eat later."
Bout ****ing time i can hardly wait and going have a nice week off the 26th through November 5th. Gonna log some playing time.
Since I'm now an old ****, I'll have to wait until all of this shit goes on sale after Christmas. Responsibilities...
If you're getting this game and plan on upgrading to a pro or just need a ps4 in general it can come bundled with the PS4 Pro so you get it free when you buy the console.
blocked drains boiler installations boiler repairs boiler replacement boiler service boilers boilers repairs boilers services emergency plumbers plumber plumbers plumbers, blocked drains, boiler service seo service washing machine repair
Our sedgwick technicians are well equipped supplied with the necessary parts to accommodate your boiler repair more often than not, we have the exact item your boiler needs right on the service truck if we do need to look elsewhere for the part, we will make every attempt to find it locally so we can return to your home that same day to finish restoring your boiler.
6/11/2010, China usually boasts herself as the fastest growing FTTx market. Both China Telecom and China Unicom are actively investing on FTTx rollout. The broadband bandwidth that Chinese residents can acquire is increasing from 2Mbps to 8Mbps, even to 20Mbps. But behind this FTTx passion, China still lacks two most important factors of FTTX, engineering support and real subscribers.
With the launch of the new triple play policy, the IPTV service will be sure to help telecom service providers get more FTTx subscribers. And on this week's Shanghai "Broadband China FTTH summit", we can find more traces on China's FTTx engineering support.
The key speaker of the summit, Mr. Zhang Jun, vice chief engineer of Shanghai Telecom, China Telecom's Shanghai Branch, explained Shanghai's City Optical Network plan which aims at at least 200K FTTH subscribers in year 2010. According to Mr. Zhang, they plan to invest 6 billion Yuan in two years to cover 1.5 million subscribers in the first phase. For this City Optical Network, ODN(optical distributional network) is the most important and most difficult to build because it has to be future proof, to guarantee at least 20 years reliability, because there is no standard on how to build such ODN, also because it is very difficult to build in some existed old community.
Zhang also explained the FTTH construction standard edited by Shanghai Telecom themselves. In this standard, they suggest to make one time split for less populated villa communities, and to make two times split for condo areas. The optical split ratio is suggest to be 1:64. The standard also requires to reduce the optical connector to expand transmission distance. In the standard, there are also requests on different kind of indoor or outdoor cabins. Besides, Shanghai Telecom also edited a training material on FTTH construction, established a simulated training environment, 1400 more technicians have accepted this training.
At last, Zhang gave his worries which are also suggestions on FTTx supplies. He said that telecom service providers care much about how quick they can repair the access network in case of broken cable, how to increase installation density for space limited ODN environments. He suggests suppliers to develop smaller package cable, prepared connector for ribbon cables.
In fact, from the small exhibition attached to this summit, FTTx component suppliers really are working on that direction. 8 exhibitors from Jiangsu, Zhejiang, even Korean took part in the show. They exhibited their FTTx products from fast connectors, prepared connector, V groove products to fast fiber splicing machine, and POF products. HG Genuine shows their full line FTTx transceivers on the show.
AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY
Welcome to ChiropractorToday.com, the largest online chiropractor and chiropractic clinic directory in United States of America. We have over 50,000 chiropractors and chiropractic clinics. You can find a local chiropractic clinic by searching state, city, or zip. Finding a chiropractor or chiropractic office is fast, easy and simple with ChiropractorToday.com. You can reach multiple clinics in your area that offer best price quotes and services. Now we will help you get on the right track to find the chiropractor of your dreams. If you are a chiropractic clinic member and wish to list or update your clinic details, it is FREE for submitting your clinic and service information into our directory.
If you are a member of McLean Ian in PO Box 4672, Davenport, IA 52808, (563) 383-7140 and wish to list or update your clinic (McLean Ian) details, it is FREE for submitting your clinic (McLean Ian) information into our directory. Email to john ( at ) ChiropractorToday.com about your request.
Cookies and Cookies is a laboratory themed cookie shop that allows its Costumers to create their own experiments by mixing different choices of cookies, edible cookie dough, ice cream, toppings and syringes.
Cookies and Cookies is the first laboratory themed cookie shop, however, we provide a lot more than just cookies, we provide an experience, happiness, memories, family union and creativity. We allow our customers to experience the fun part of science and combine their favorite ingredients to create their perfect formula.
Let us bring the madness of science to your events. Our scientists are certified in turning your event into a real laboratory. We specialize in lighting up the creativity and innovation in our guests to design customized formulas while creating memories full of laughs and happiness.
We are the perfect dessert to finish a successful meeting. Remember that cookies are always a good idea! choose from our variety of baked fresh daily cookies, pick your favorite toppings and create the best tray to offer to your guests.
Our team is the main asset of the company because we have the passion for entrepreneurship and we have being working in the business world for the past 14 years. We are three sisters who started our first chocolate company called Chococar when we were six, seven and eight years old. After one year, we became speakers and we discover that this was something that we loved. In 2009, we wrote our first book and in 2016 our second book. We have always being passionate about chocolates and desserts, so we decided to give CHOCOCAR a new direction and we founded Cookies and Cookies Laboratory.
Appraised value: An estimate of the value of the property, conducted for the purpose of mortgage lending by a certified appraiser.
A legal document signed by a buyer that requires the buyer assume responsibility for the obligations of an existing mortgage. If someone assumes your mortgage, make sure that you get a release from the mortgage company to ensure that you are no longer liable for the debt.
Blended payments: Payments consisting of principal and interest components, paid during the amortization period of a mortgage.
Broker: A person licensed by the provincial or territorial government to trade in real estate. Real estate Brokers may form companies or offices which appoint sales representatives to provide services to the seller or buyer, or they may provide the same services themselves. In parts of Canada, Brokers are referred to as agents.
Buyer’s Agent (also known as "Buyer’s Broker" or "Purchaser’s Agent"): A person or firm representing the buyer. A Buyer’s Agent’s primary allegiance is to the buyer. The buyer is the Buyer Agent’s client.
Buyer Brokerage Agreement: A written agreement between the buyer and the buyer’s agent, outlining the agency relationship between the two parties and the manner in which the buyer’s agent will be compensated. In some provinces, a buyer agency relationship evolves automatically, without a written agreement.
Client: The person being represented by an agent. The agent owes the client the duties of utmost care, integrity, confidentiality and loyalty.
Closed mortgage: A mortgage that locks you into a specific payment schedule. A penalty usually applies if you repay the loan in full before the end of a closed term.
CMHC: Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation. A Crown corporation providing information services and mortgage loan insurance.
Conventional mortgage: A mortgage loan issued for up to 80% of the property’s appraised value or purchase price, whichever is less.
An asset, such as term deposit, Canada Savings Bond, or automobile, that you offer as security for a loan.
Commission: An amount agreed to by the seller and the real estate Broker/agent and stated in the listing agreement. It is payable to the Broker/agent on closing and shared, if applicable, among those salespeople involved in the sale.
A system that assesses a borrower on a number of items, assigning points that are used to determine the borrower’s credit worthiness.
Customer: A person who receives valuable information and assistance from a real estate Broker or salesperson, but is not represented by that individual.
Debt-Service Ratio: The measurement of debt payments to gross household income which may include, in addition to the main wage earner’s salary, salaries of other wage earners, commissions, bonuses, overtime, etc.
A sum of money deposited in trust by the purchaser on making an offer to purchase. When the offer is accepted by the vendor (seller), the deposit is held in trust by the listing broker, lawyer, or notary until the closing of the sale, at which point it is given to the vendor. If a house does not close because of the purchaser’s failure to comply with the terms set out in the offer, the purchaser forgoes the deposit, and it is given to the vendor as compensation for the breaking of the contract (the offer).
Down payment: The buyer’s cash payment toward the property that is the difference between the purchase price and the amount of the mortgage loan.
Dual Agent: A real estate Broker or salesperson who acts as agent for both the seller and the buyer in the same transaction. Both buyer and seller are the agent’s clients.
GE Capital Mortgage Insurance Company: GE Capital Mortgage Insurance Company is the only private sector source of mortgage insurance to lenders in Canada.
Gross Debt Service: The amount of money needed to pay principal, interest, taxes and sometimes, energy costs. If the dwelling unit is a condominium, all or a portion of common fees are included, depending on what expenses are covered.
Gross Debt Service Ratio: Gross debt service divided by household income. A rule of thumb is that GDS should not exceed 30%. It is also referred to as PIT (Principal, Interest and Taxes) over income. Sometimes energy costs are added to the formula, producing PITE, which moves the rule of thumb GDS to 32%.
High-ratio mortgage: A mortgage that exceeds 80% of the home’s appraised value. These mortgages must be insured for payment.
Interest rate: The value charged by the lender for the use of the lender’s money, expressed as a percentage.
Interest Adjustment Date (IAD): The date on which the mortgage term will begin. This date is usually the first day of the month following the closing. The interest cost for those days from the closing date to the first of the month are usually paid at closing. That is why it is always better to close your deal towards the end of the month.
Interest-Only Mortgage: A mortgage on which only the monthly interest cost is paid each month. The full principal remains outstanding. The payment is lower than an amortized mortgage since once is not paying any principal.
Land transfer tax, deed tax or property purchase tax: A fee paid to the municipal and/or provincial government for the transferring of property from seller to buyer.
Listing Agreement: The legal agreement between the listing Broker and the seller, setting out the services to be rendered, describing the property for sale and stating the terms of payment. A commission is generally payable to the Broker upon closing.
Maturity date: The end of the term of the loan, at which time you can pay off the mortgage or renew it.
MLS®, Multiple Listing Service®: These are trademarks owned by The Canadian Real Estate Association. They are used in conjunction with a real estate database service, operated by local real estate boards, under which properties may be listed, purchased or sold. An MLS® listing means REALTORS® have agreed to work together for the marketing of a listing.
Mortgage insurance: Applies to high-ratio mortgages. It protects the lender against loss if the borrower is unable to repay the mortgage.
Offer of Purchase and Sale: The document through which the prospective buyer sets out the price and conditions under which he or she will buy the property.
P.I.T.: Principal, interest, and property tax due on a mortgage. If your down payment is greater than 20% of the purchase price or appraised value, the lender will allow you to make your own property tax payments.
Portability: A mortgage option that enables borrowers to take their current mortgage with them to another property, without penalty.
Pre-approved mortgage: Qualifies you for a mortgage before you start shopping. You know exactly how much you can spend and are free to make a firm offer when you find the right home.
Principal: The amount borrowed or still owing on a mortgage loan. Interest is paid on the principal amount.
Prepayment Penalty: A fee charged a borrower by the lender when the borrower prepays all or part of a mortgage over and above the amount agreed upon. Although there is no law as to how a lender can charge you the penalty, a usual charge is the greater of the Interest Rate Differential (IRD) or 3 months interest.
Refinancing: Paying off the existing mortgage and arranging a new one or renegotiating the terms and conditions of an existing mortgage.
REALTOR® : Trademark identifying real estate professionals in Canada who are members of The Canadian Real Estate Association, and as such, subscribe to a high standard of professional service and to a strict Code of Ethics.
Rate Commitment: The number of days the lender will guarantee the mortgage rate on a mortgage approval. This can vary from lender to lender anywhere from 30 to 120 days.
Second mortgage: Additional financing, which usually has a shorter term and a higher interest rate than the first mortgage.
Term: The length of time the interest rate is fixed. It also indicates when the principal balance becomes due and payable to the lender. The terms available are: 6 month, 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,10 year terms, and the interest rates will be fixed for whatever term once chooses.
Total Debt Service (TDS) Ratio: It is the other mathematical calculations used by lenders to determine a borrower’s capacity to repay a mortgage. It takes into account the mortgage payments, property taxes, approximate heating costs, and 50% of any maintenance fees, and any other monthly obligations (i.e. personal loans, car payments, lines of credit, credit card debts, other mortgages, etc.), and this sum is then divided by the gross income of the applicants. Ratios up to 40 % are acceptable.
Variable rate mortgage: A mortgage with fixed payments that fluctuates with interest rates. The changing interest rate determines how much of the payment goes towards the principal.
Vendor take-back mortgage: When the seller provides some or all of the mortgage financing in order to sell their property.
“The saying is trustworthy: If anyone aspires to the office of overseer, he desires a noble task. Therefore an overseer must be above reproach, the husband of one wife, sober-minded, self-controlled, respectable, hospitable, able to teach, not a drunkard, not violent but gentle, not quarrelsome, not a lover of money. He must manage his own household well, with all dignity keeping his children submissive, for if someone does not know how to manage his own household, how will he care for God’s church? He must not be a recent convert, or he may become puffed up with conceit and fall into the condemnation of the devil. Moreover, he must be well thought of by outsiders, so that he may not fall into disgrace, into a snare of the devil.” (1 Timothy 3:1–7, ESV)
The Lord of the Church, Jesus Christ, has given three offices to the Church. These are: Teaching Elders, Ruling Elders, and Deacons. In higher courts, Teaching and Ruling Elders are also known as Presbyters or Commissioners and share in the governing of the Church. These offices are not indications of special pre-eminence by those who hold them, but rather indicate a call to service, to ministry, to special discipleship and the evidencing of the fruit of the Spirit in every part of life.
According to Scripture, those who bear the office of Ruling Elder should be mature believers, led by the Holy Spirit, who exhibit a manner of life that conforms to the biblical description of an officer in Christ’s Church
The entire life of the local church is under the oversight and supervision of the Session. The Session is composed of the Pastor and Associate Pastor(s) and all the Ruling Elders on active service. The Pastor and Associate Pastor(s) are full members of the Session and have the privilege of voting.
The authority to govern is exercised jointly by church courts in ascending gradation. Each Ruling Elder, by virtue of ordination, individually exercises the responsibility of order.
Ruling Elders should study and learn the Word. They should become equipped to teach the Word, lead worship and prayer, and may be invited or commissioned to supply the ministry of the Word where none is available.
Ruling Elders, as Undershepherds, should visit the sick, the bereaved, the lonely, the aged, the shut-in, and all those who have a pastoral need. In cases where there is a special need, the Ruling Elder shall be careful to inform the Pastor.
Ruling Elders have a special responsibility to see to the development of the children of the congregation, to inquire after the inactive members, to encourage new members in spiritual development, and to otherwise show care for those whom they serve.
Ruling Elders should be attentive to themselves and church members, guarding against dangers to the faith and to dangers to the moral life of believers. They are also responsible to warn, admonish, and reclaim those who stray. Where it is deemed necessary, such situations should be brought to the attention of the Session for appropriate action in accordance with the Book of Discipline.
Those who serve well must be prepared for such service, and it is the responsibility of the Session to provide adequate opportunity for those elected to office to prepare
The Session shall make provision for courses of instruction in the following matters: Church government, the Sacraments, the Faith of the Church, the Worship of the Church, the Discipline of the Church, the History of the Church, and an understanding of the office to which one is elected.
The Session shall confer with each person elected to office in the local church to determine if that person feels called to office and is willing to serve faithfully. The Session shall examine candidates for ordination to the office of Ruling Elder or Deacon on 1) personal experience of the saving grace of God in Jesus Christ and progress in spiritual growth, 2) theology and Sacraments of the Church, 3) the government, discipline, worship, and history of the Church, and 4) an understanding of the office to which one is elected.
How to Build Godly Character Through Seatwork Activities. This section includes information on ten “Character Quality Definitions and Biblical Principles” plus how “Seatwork Activities = Great Opportunities for Growth.”
Homeschooling---A Special Window to Children’s Hearts. Daily seatwork sessions are like standing at the window of your children's hearts because this is when their character flaws are likely to surface. By applying the godly pressure of accountability, God will enable you to "see" into each child's carnal nature and deal with it biblically.
Note to Phonics Edition 1 Users: To use Edition 1's Instructions/Answer Key B:1, skip the Short Aa through Long Uu review pages at the end of the current B:1 workbook. (These were adapted from Phonics Workbook C:1 which is no longer available.)
Search engine optimisation may seem scary, but really it's not. It is merely another online marketing method however, it can do depend on a large number of factors and elements, all of which you must understand. If you don't understand SEO, you could miss out on great advantages by reviewing the use. So provide you with started in learning all there is to know. These seo tips are just perfect for those looking for a somewhat more advice.
An expert SEO consultant may help you optimize your internet site for google search indexing. SEO is a complex and ever-evolving process, and also you simply cannot stay informed about it and yet devote sufficient time and energy to your website's core business. A Search Engine Marketing professional, though, is expert in all the latest wrinkles in the search engine optimization process.
While you commence to build your site, you will find out different ways to help customers and check engines navigate your website. One way is to apply breadcrumb navigation. This is a approach to secondary navigation rendering it easier for users to navigate around your website once there. The idea is the fact each page is accurately described so people always know their way around.
If you are intending to enjoy money whatsoever within your SEO efforts, a wise buy would be to open a PPC account. A pay-per-click campaign with Google or any other competitor will assist you to get the site ranked highly very quickly. There's nothing these big companies behind search engines love over money, so it's a "shortcut" for those who is able to afford it.
Put a sitemap in your webpage. A sitemap is actually a page that easily links to any or all available pages in your site, and more importantly how to find them. This feature makes it much simpler for the search engine spiders to navigate your blog. The fewer clicks it will take to get or arrive at a certain page the more effective.
One simple search engine optimisation technique you may implement would be to include keywords in your HTML title tag. This assists search engines like google to simply determine what your page is about. Aside from that, but once visitors search for your keyword, it would show up in bold in the google search results, drawing more focus to your listing.
An internet site map can assist search engines to index your website. The web page map, or navigation bar, lets the major search engines access your pages from all other pages on the webpage. Adding a site map is an easy approach to boost your rank with popular search engine listings.
Submit your website to major search engines like yahoo. This might appear to be it is an obvious step, but some site owners feel that a search engine will link to you if somebody searches a particular keyword. While this may be true, you may possibly not be the first listed, and even on page one. Optimize this tactic if you are paying a compact fee to the major search engines, and acquire your web site in addition to the outcome.
Try to use a static URL. Dynamic URLs seem to search engines as duplicates, which means that your site may not place as on top of their rating lists while you would prefer. Static URLs appear as multiple different sites, allowing the various search engines to see that you have multiple pages, rather than going to a duplicate.
Every link online that leads with an external site should be validated regularly. Links that time to missing content (broken links) are bad news. Not only are broken links annoying to visitors, they can be penalized by search engine indexing algorithms. Fixing or deleting broken links improves a website's position on the search engine results pages.
Do not forget that keywords or phrases on every one of your pages should total to around 3 to 5 percent from the total text from the pages. Your keywords must be spread out across multiple pages, not merely focusing only in the homepage, as all of your pages carry an importance. Your page may have more entry points when it has more ranks.
As discussed earlier from the article, one of many hottest trends inside the competitive world-wide-web market, is the use of keywords, in relation to search engines like google. Traditional advertising methods will not benefit the world wide web. By finding out how this works and what it really methods to you, you are able to stay competitive over the web business arena.
Thank you so much for providing individuals with an extremely pleasant chance to read articles and blog posts from this site. It is often very pleasurable plus jam-packed with a great time for me and my office friends to visit your website on the least 3 times weekly to study the newest issues you have. And indeed, I am at all times pleased concerning the incredible opinions served by you. Some 2 ideas on this page are easily the very best we have had.
I desired to say thanks once more. I'm not certain the things that I would've implemented without the type of methods contributed by you concerning this topic. Previously it was an absolute distressing problem in my opinion, nevertheless viewing the well-written technique you managed that made me to jump for joy. I am grateful for this advice and thus have high hopes you really know what an amazing job that you're carrying out teaching some other people by way of your site. Probably you haven't got to know any of us.
Thanks so much for giving everyone an extremely nice possiblity to read in detail from this site. It really is very superb and also full of a good time for me personally and my office co-workers to visit your website at a minimum thrice every week to read the latest tips you will have. Of course, I am just always amazed considering the terrific concepts served by you. Some 3 points in this article are definitely the most beneficial I've ever had.
The Centre for Christian Spirituality was established in 1986 by the then Archbishop of Cape Town and Nobel Peace Prize winner Desmond Mpilo Tutu. Read more...
© Centre for Christian Spirituality 2018 | All rights reserved | Home | About CCS | What we offer | News | Join CCS | Links | Contact
Last Monday my world came to a screeching halt. The busyness that had consumed my life simply stopped, and suddenly, there was nothing. For months my every day included appointments and phone calls with doctors, therapists, teachers, and insurance. As a veteran special needs parent, managing chaos is something I have grown to be very good at, and to some extent, something that I thrive on. I am the one who always knows exactly what to do. Formulating a plan of action is as second nature to me as brushing my teeth, and maintaining status quo even in a crisis is my specialty. But, on Monday, the chaos dissipated like a fog, and with it went the resolve I wear like a suit of armor.
Twice this summer, my fifteen year old son was hospitalized with pancreatitis. I was shocked and confused by the first bought, but when the second one hit less than three months after the first, I was determined to find the cause. There had to be some bug or some fluky thing that had cropped up and needed dealing with. During the hospital stay he was tested for everything under the sun, and nothing showed up. I was convinced he would be one of those poor individuals that just never knows why their pancreas occasionally gets mad at them. I was already preparing my son to watch for early signs and symptoms of pancreatitis so that we could be more proactive if and when a future attack happened. Having a plan is calming, and I had my plan in place. I was good.
Mayo Clinic has something called The Patient Online Portal which holds all patient records including lab tests within minutes of them being entered. This is empowering to a special needs parent, as we no longer have to wait for a phone call or an appointment with a doctor to get our child’s results. So of course I spent most of last Monday morning sitting in a waiting room while my son was being seen by numerous clinicians scouring his online portal account. I was so sure that the lab tests would all come back normal, and we would never have a clear reason for the flare ups. I liked the idea of it being a weird viral thing, especially because of the severity of what we could be facing. I was prepared for not knowing. What I was not prepared for was a positive sweat test and Cystic Fibrosis. While my son was in getting his pancreatic MRI, I sat in a waiting room and cried. My world, the chaos, the noise, all came to a screeching halt. I called my husband and told him the news – deafening silence.
I collected myself, and got through the rest of the appointments. That night, as my husband and I tried to come up with a way to explain this news to our son, the doctor called with more news – pancreatic divisum and unfavorable “changes’ to his kidneys showed on the MRI. The doctor quietly explained the litany of appointments we would be attending in the near future, as I sat with the phone in my hands, completely numb.
With extreme caution and gentleness, we explained everything to our son. All the while explaining all the positives that we had in our midst, hoping that if I said them out loud enough times, I could eventually believe them. We spent the next few hours reciting the same story to the rest of our family – one by one. With each retelling, the truth of the situation became more and more real. My son has Cystic Fibrosis. My son has Cystic Fibrosis. My son has Cystic Fibrosis.
When you find yourself in a moment, and your world is standing still, it is okay to just breathe. What does that mean? It means, Just Breathe. Give yourself time. Feel. Be sad. Be angry. Cry. Give yourself grace to ride the emotional roller coaster, because it isn’t going away.
I was so very angry. I was angry at the doctor for telling me things I did not want to hear. I was angry at every doctor who had ever seen my son previously and missed the Cystic Fibrosis. I was angry at people who seemed happy or content with life. I wasn’t angry with them per se. I was angry at happiness itself, because joy had somehow abandoned me. I could not see a joyous future, and truth be told, I needed my anger. My anger gave me the strength to move forward with my daily tasks and responsibilities. Even when life is standing still for you, it is still moving forward, and my kids still expected breakfast, clean clothes, and homework help. They still deserved a functioning mom, even if that meant I was going through the motions. Anger helped me do this. It gave me the energy to pull off the covers and get out of bed. Anger has its place, so don’t forget to use it when you need.
Over the last week I have shed thousands of tears. Tears of anger. Tears of the lost normal I had grown accustomed to. Tears of fear over what our new normal will become. Tears for my son, my husband, my other children, and parents and husband’s parents. As I went along with my daily tasks, tears would simply hit me out of no where. I spent quite a bit of time in bathrooms crying. It still hits me. But with each tear comes relief, the world doesn’t look as gloomy, and life begins to move forward again. There truly is nothing quite as therapeutic as a “good cry” or twenty. Whatever gets the job done.
I am very fortunate that we did not have a list of activities planned last week, because I would have needed to cancel all of them without feeling guilty in the least. I was in no position to see anyone or really talk to anyone. The anger I was using to fuel my daily activities was also very close the the surface and my tongue. Just like fire has its place, so does anger, but if either is kept unchecked, they will destroy everything in their paths.
Well meaning people would say things that would instantly make me hot. Then other well meaning people would say the exact same thing, and I would be comforted. Seems crazy as I write that, but it’s true. And, it had nothing to do with who said what or what was said. I was on that roller coaster of emotions and truly wasn’t rational. Sometimes space is necessary, and it is okay to make room in your life for that emotional roller coaster ride, at least for the short term. It may be that a mental health sick day from work is in order, and if so, do not feel guilty. Believe me, people will understand. And, if they don’t, they have no business in your life anyway.
I am happy to report that this week things look and feel a lot better. The tears have mostly dried up, and the emotional roller coaster seems to have ended, at least for now. I am not saying that everything is fine, because it isn’t. I will never be fine with my son’s diagnosis, but at least I can now see light. We have a path in place, and have found the beginnings of a new normal that isn’t as scary as I had imagined. So if you find your world has come to a screeching halt, remember, Just Breathe!
Hello! My name is Christine, and I am a special needs homeschool mom. My goal is to build a community of like minded moms and dads who are working to help their special kiddos succeed. Here you will find tips, strategies and resources to help you along in your journey. I truly hope that you find this site to be a great resource. If you have any questions, feel free to email me at clientcare@christineahoward.com and I will get back to you shortly.
Enter your email address to subscribe to our weekly newsletter for all the latest blog posts and happenings.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read More
Help feed the hungry and make our city green as we garden with the children and other residents at Partner Arms Apartment. Talk with Pastor Lee or email clcoffice@verizon.net if you would like to volunteer.
If you are interested in volunteering with our students during youth group, Sunday School, small groups, retreats, mission trips, or if you'd like to help with driving, providing food, or anything else, please email Rush at to set up a meeting today!
This is the eleventh year of active participation by CUMC members in Beyond Our Borders. In June 2003, we began by providing travel support for the Ewell family to make their initial trip to Londrina, and the B.O.B. team has traveled to Londrina since 2004. Over the years, we have provided over $100,000 in support to our partners and the Ewells, plus trips that have been financed entirely by the travelers.
Our primary focus continues to be on the partnerships in Londrina, Brazil, a city of 600,000 people, where we support poor children in the favelas (slums) of that city. Our opportunity is to enrich the lives of the children with better facilities and Christian activities. The spontaneous support of the members of Christ Church has had a great impact on the children. We have engaged our church in this ministry, with hundreds of CUMC members involved in supporting this work in Brazil.
We have had a positive impact on at least 600 children each year, with some estimates reaching 1,000 children helped each year. During the coming years, we intend to enhance the work we have begun with our partners in Londrina. We will expand the Beyond Our Borders concept to include Ukraine and Nicaragua. We will seek innovative ways to provide our services and will look to extend our outreach to better prepare the youth of the world to lead productive lives and become good citizens of their countries.
Sao Jorge, the first crèche (childcare center) that we started to support in 2004 is located in the Sao Jorge favela. The leadership and staff of that crèche provide for the immediate needs and hopes for 120 preschool children and 60 school age children every day. After the children are dropped off at the crèche early in the day, the mothers go into the community to find any possible means to support their children, usually by collecting paper and plastic bottles for recycling. The children are picked up the end of the day. We have provided $10,000 in each of the last three years to support the wonderful work of the staff at that crèche, in addition to helping build a new playground.
CBS News says Walmart has been selling "Impeach 45" baby onesies and men's T-shirts, both made by the apparel company, Old Glory, on its website.
Supporters of President TrumpDonald John TrumpTrump: Democratic voters will support Republicans because of ICE criticism Coney Barrett, Kavanaugh among candidates who met with Trump: report Trump administration recommends against allowing China Mobile access to U.S. market MORE on Monday launched a boycott against Walmart after it was discovered the superstore was selling apparel promoting the impeachment of President Trump. Still, there were plenty of anti-Trump merchandise, including items calling for his impeachment, available from other sellers.
The Mavericks, along with every other team, would have the rights to negotiate with Jordan as of 11:59 p.m. Jordan, who will turn 30 next month, could also decline the option and become an unrestricted free agent.
The logo of Walmart is pictured at one of their stores in Monterrey, Mexico March 6, 2017. "So I searched myself", another user wrote.
There are a few companies selling Impeach 45 apparel, including the company Old Glory. The number refers to President Donald Trump, who is the 45th president.
"We're removing these types of items pending review of our marketplace policies", a representative for Walmart said via email.
Walmart's "Impeach 45" apparel causes stir on social media. "Tree. Journalist. Some assembly required", on its third-party marketplace.
American Killed During Boat Explosion at Bahamas India begin England tour with 1st T20 at Manchester
Lake added: "Voters believe we need some enforcement of border security - not just for immigration, but for security". Kamala Harris (D-CA) said, "We need to probably think about starting from scratch".
If you're also receiving this specific error message, don't bother resetting the speaker like I did because it won't fix anything. Google has apologised after a technical glitch left its internet-connected Google Home speakers unable to respond to queries.
I thought they had the better controlled possession, and the better chances in the first half", said Soutgate. He said: "We are trying to psychologically prepare the team, get them in the right moment".
However, "sanctions alone won't cut it - we'll need to use all of our policy levers, and the help of our allies", he said . Information provider Genscape said US crude inventories at Cushing had fallen in the week, traders said.
With four goals scored after just two World Cup matches, Ronaldo was one of only a few soccer players seen as capable of winning the 2018 Golden Boot - the prize given to the top goalscorer.
Senators, particularly Democratic ones, are warning the president that he should consult with lawmakers before making a choice. The Yale Law School graduate is a former clerk to Mr Kennedy, meaning he could have the backing of the retiring justice.
We expect Colombia to dictate play for at least half the game, with England content to launch repeated and rapid counter-attacks. The Three Lions were moments away from a 1-0 win after 90 minutes, but Yerry Mina's header ensured the game went to extra time .
Two of the tournament's most underwhelming teams meet up in the first match of the Round of 16. It was a great opportunity and I think the boys have done well.
The Manchester United star is set to face Japan after missing the win over England with an ankle knock. And, with nine goals so far in Russia, Belgium are the World Cup's top-scoring team.
It's going to be an exciting series for sure. "We believe that we have the side to put up a great fight". If the mindset is not right after a few days or after a couple of weeks, things get more hard .
Many Republicans have been urging Democrats to be completely honest and to run on an "open borders" platform for years. She likened the situation to what followed the white supremacist rallies last summer in Charlottesville, Virginia.
He said both of his sisters, Stefanie and Brooke , were on the boat with their mother and stepfather Stacey and Paul Bender . Videos and photos show the boat packed with tourists fully engulfed in flames after the explosion occurred on June 30, 2018.
The knockout stages are upon us and the tournament is set for a number of exciting fixtures in the Round of 16 . Top stat: With nine goals scored in their three group games, Belgium are the top scorers in the competition.
An official statement said: "The "danger zone" is a small area of radius of approximately 4 kilometers from Mount Agung's crater". The airport's online flight schedule showed Singapore Airlines and KLM flights scheduled to arrive Friday evening.
Even if James is involved in the meetings, he has no interest in hearing elaborate pitches from teams, ESPN reported this week . James already has some shallow roots on the West Coast with two homes in the Los Angeles area and a film production company.
August 16, 2018 August 16, 2018 Comments Off on Coloring Coy Fish Pages Beautiful Drawing At Book App Japanese Koi
This website is maintained by Tom Alciere, using public domain information from the U.S. Board on Geographic Names.
APOSTOLIC ASSEMBLY OF CHRIST is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. They are regarded as one of the best Churches in Amonate area. You can call them at (276) 979-9177.
Apostolic Assembly Of Christ is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. They're one of the best on the market. You can call them at (276) 979-9177.
Apostolic Tabernacle Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Customers have good opinions about Apostolic Tabernacle Church. Their current phone number is (276) 963-0732.
Assembly Of God Church is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. Contact information: 634 E Riverside Dr. Phone number: (276) 988-3929.
Bandy Assembly Of God is located approximately 1 miles from Amonate. They're a really good Church. Phone number: (276) 963-9804.
Baptist Valley Assembly Of God is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Looking for a good Church? Check out Baptist Valley Assembly Of God at 1009 Baptist Valley Rd. Need to give Baptist Valley Assembly Of God a call? (276) 964-4205.
Bundy's Chapel Baptist Church is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. They're a decent Church in Amonate. Phone number: (276) 988-2800.
CEDAR BLUFF COMMUNITY CHURCH is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. A decent Church, they're located at HONEY ROCK RD. Their current phone number is (276) 963-9797.
CHRIST THE KING CATHOLIC is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. They are a nice Church. Need to give CHRIST THE KING CATHOLIC a call? (304) 875-3827.
CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LDS is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Contact information: RR 219. Contact them at (276) 964-4901.
CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LDS is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LDS. Contact them at (276) 964-4901.
CORNERSTONE TABERNACLE is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. They're one of the best on the market. Call them at (276) 963-0161.
Calvary Baptist Chapel is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. A decent Church, they're located at 188 Witten Valley Rd. Phone number: (276) 988-9516.
Calvary Baptist Church is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. They're a really good Church. Need to give Calvary Baptist Church a call? (276) 964-9907.
Calvary Baptist Church is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact Calvary Baptist Church. Their current phone number is (304) 875-3360.
Calvary Temple Full Gospel is located approximately 12 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact Calvary Temple Full Gospel. Need to give Calvary Temple Full Gospel a call? (276) 964-6133.
Cedar Bluff United Mthdst Chr is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. Join the group of happy customers of Cedar Bluff United Mthdst Chr!. Phone number: (276) 963-7065.
Central Church Of Christ is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. A friendly Church. Need to give Central Church Of Christ a call? (276) 979-0303.
Chestnut Grove Christian Chr is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. They're a really good Church. Need to give Chestnut Grove Christian Chr a call? (276) 979-0606.
Christ The King Catholic is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. We recommend their services. Call them at (304) 875-3827.
Church Of Jesus Christ Of Lds is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. If you want to pay them a visit, go to Rte 219. Their current phone number is (276) 964-4901.
Claypool Hill Bible Church is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. Join the group of happy customers of Claypool Hill Bible Church!. Call them at (276) 964-6169.
Claypool Hill Church Of Christ is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact Claypool Hill Church Of Christ. You can call them at (276) 964-5530.
Cornerstone Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. We recommend their services. Their current phone number is (276) 963-7575.
Cornerstone Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Regarded as one of the best Churches in Amonate area, Cornerstone Church is located at 201 Fairfax Ave. Call them at (276) 963-7575.
Covenant Presbyterian Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. We recommend their services. Need to give Covenant Presbyterian Church a call? (276) 963-0028.
Dailey's Chapel United Mthdst is located approximately 5 miles from Amonate. We recommend their services. You can call them at (276) 988-5847.
Destiny Outreach Ministries is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. Why don't you give them a try?. Need to give Destiny Outreach Ministries a call? (276) 326-3624.
East War Advent Christian is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. East War Advent Christian is a really good Church. Their current phone number is (304) 875-2387.
El Bethel Church is located approximately 12 miles from Amonate. Join the group of happy customers of El Bethel Church!. Their phone number is (276) 979-1331.
Emmanuel Baptist Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Why don't you give them a try?. You can call them at (276) 963-3023.
Emmanuel Baptist Church is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. A friendly Church. Their current phone number is (276) 963-3023.
Emmanuel Baptist Church is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. A decent Church, they're located at PO Box 823. Contact them at (304) 875-2264.
English Wesleyan Methodist Chr is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. A decent Church, they're located at Po Box 937. If you need more information, call them: (304) 875-3452.
Fincastle Baptist Church is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. Fincastle Baptist Church is very popular place in this area. Their current phone number is (276) 988-4346.
First Assembly Of God is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. They're one of the best on the market. You can call them at (276) 964-4973.
First Assembly Of God is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. First Assembly Of God is a really good Church. You can reach them at (276) 596-9035.
First Baptist Church is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. Visit First Baptist Church at 811 Tazewell Ave. You can call them at (276) 979-9003.
First Christian Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. First Christian Church is a really good Church. If you need more information, call them: (276) 964-9055.
First Church Of God is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. They are a nice Church. You can call them at (276) 988-3511.
First United Methodist Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Their exact address is: 402 Suffolk Ave. Their current phone number is (276) 964-4311.
Fountain Of Joy Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. They're one of the best on the market. You can reach them at (276) 963-1131.
Free Mission & Christ Temple is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact Free Mission & Christ Temple. You can call them at (304) 875-2907.
Free Pentecostal Church Of God is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. They're a really good Church. Contact them at (276) 988-5067.
Freedom Ministries is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. They're one of the best on the market. Need to give Freedom Ministries a call? (276) 963-5461.
Full Gospel Temple Ministries is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact Full Gospel Temple Ministries. Need to give Full Gospel Temple Ministries a call? (276) 964-6320.
GLORYLAND TABERNACLE CHURCH is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Visit GLORYLAND TABERNACLE CHURCH at RR 603. You can reach them at (276) 963-4741.
GRACEFUL GOSPEL is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. Why don't you give them a try?. Phone number: (276) 988-1940.
Gloryland Tabernacle Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Visit Gloryland Tabernacle Church at Route 603. If you need more information, call them: (276) 963-4741.
Good Shephard Ministries is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. If you want to pay them a visit, go to Route 16. Phone number: (304) 875-4703.
Graceful Gospel is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. If you want to pay them a visit, go to Route 116. You can reach them at (276) 988-1940.
Grassy Spur Church Of Christ is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. A decent Church, they're located at Grassy Spur. If you need more information, call them: (276) 979-0541.
Harvest Outreach Ministry is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. They're a really good Church. Their current phone number is (276) 964-7492.
Hill Creek Baptist Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Hill Creek Baptist Church is located at Hill Creek Rd. Contact them at (276) 963-4919.
Independent Light House At War is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact Independent Light House At War. You can call them at (304) 875-3633.
Jehovah's Witnesses is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. They are regarded as one of the best Churches in Amonate area. You can call them at (276) 963-3004.
Jehovah's Witnesses Tazwell is located approximately 7 miles from Amonate. Visit Jehovah's Witnesses Tazwell at 1310 Crab Orchard Rd. Their current phone number is (276) 988-2330.
Jewell Ridge Worship Ctr is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. We recommend their services. Their phone number is (276) 881-8008.
Kingdom Hall-Jehovah Witnesses is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact Kingdom Hall-Jehovah Witnesses. Need to give Kingdom Hall-Jehovah Witnesses a call? (276) 988-2330.
Lake Witten Worship Ctr is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. Looking for a good Church? Check out Lake Witten Worship Ctr at 1767 Lake Witten Rd. Phone number: (276) 979-9199.
Living God Church is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. We recommend their services. If you need more information, call them: (276) 979-4447.
MARYS PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. Customers have good opinions about MARYS PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. If you need more information, call them: (276) 988-4047.
Main Street United Methodist is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. Their exact address is: 400 W Fincastle St. You can reach them at (276) 988-4221.
Main Street United Mthdst Chr is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. Regarded as one of the best Churches in Amonate area, Main Street United Mthdst Chr is located at 315 E Main St. Call them at (276) 988-2519.
Marys Presbyterian Church is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. Regarded as one of the best Churches in Amonate area, Marys Presbyterian Church is located at RR 3 Box 53B. Phone number: (276) 988-4047.
Midway Church Of Christ is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. Regarded as one of the best Churches in Amonate area, Midway Church Of Christ is located at PO Box 331. You can reach them at (276) 988-6766.
New Hope Assembly Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Visit New Hope Assembly Church at RR 3 Box 99. Their phone number is (276) 964-6290.
North Tazewell Untd Mthdst Chr is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. A decent Church, they're located at 105 E Riverside Dr. You can reach them at (276) 988-9772.
Pisgah United Methodist Church is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. They're a decent Church in Amonate. Phone number: (276) 988-4993.
Pounding Mill Christian Church is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. Contact information: 637 Limestone Rd. Their current phone number is (276) 596-9595.
RICHLANDS PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Customers have good opinions about RICHLANDS PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Their current phone number is (276) 964-9465.
RIVERSIDE UNITED METHODIST CHR is located approximately 7 miles from Amonate. If you want to pay them a visit, go to 816 W RIVERSIDE DR. If you need more information, call them: (276) 988-2318.
Richlands Church Of God is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. Looking for a good Church? Check out Richlands Church Of God at 405 Jones Chapel Rd. Phone number: (276) 963-0353.
Richlands Presbyterian Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. They are regarded as one of the best Churches in Amonate area. Call them at (276) 964-9465.
Richlands Tabernacle is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. They are a nice Church. Need to give Richlands Tabernacle a call? (276) 964-2320.
Richlands Tabernacle Christian is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. They are regarded as one of the best Churches in Amonate area. Need to give Richlands Tabernacle Christian a call? (276) 964-2444.
Riverside United Methodist Chr is located approximately 7 miles from Amonate. A friendly Church. Their phone number is (276) 979-1082.
ST MARY'S CATHOLIC CHURCH is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Regarded as one of the best Churches in Amonate area, ST MARY'S CATHOLIC CHURCH is located at 1122 FARMER ST. You can reach them at (276) 963-0888.
Southern Highland Evangel Inc is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. Why don't you give them a try?. You can reach them at (276) 964-2230.
St Theresa's Catholic Church is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact St Theresa's Catholic Church. You can reach them at (276) 988-4626.
TAZEWELL COUNTY CLUSTER is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. They're one of the best on the market. Call them at (276) 988-2889.
Tazewell Baptist Church is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. A decent Church, they're located at 141 W Tower St. Need to give Tazewell Baptist Church a call? (276) 988-3127.
Tazewell Christian Church is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. Tazewell Christian Church is located at 302 E Pine St. Their phone number is (276) 988-4448.
Tazewell Church Of Christ is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. They're a decent Church in Amonate. Call them at (276) 988-3960.
Tazewell County Cluster is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. Visit Tazewell County Cluster at 213 N Central Ave. Call them at (276) 988-2889.
Tazewell District Umc is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. A friendly Church. Their phone number is (276) 988-4891.
Tazewell Family Worship Ctr is located approximately 10 miles from Amonate. They're one of the best on the market. Call them at (276) 988-9890.
Tazewell Pentecostal Holiness is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. Why don't you give them a try?. Phone number: (276) 979-9242.
Tazewell Presbyterian Church is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. If you want to pay them a visit, go to 201 Church St. You can reach them at (276) 988-4724.
Trinity Assembly Church is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. They're a really good Church. Their current phone number is (304) 875-2277.
Trinity Assembly Of God is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. Join the group of happy customers of Trinity Assembly Of God!. If you need more information, call them: (276) 963-5364.
Trinity Presbyterian Church is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. Regarded as one of the best Churches in Amonate area, Trinity Presbyterian Church is located at 108 Hill St. Need to give Trinity Presbyterian Church a call? (276) 988-9541.
UNITED PENTECOSTAL CHURCH is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact UNITED PENTECOSTAL CHURCH. If you need more information, call them: (276) 964-5553.
United Pentecostal Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. We recommend their services. Contact them at (276) 964-5553.
Victory Christian Fellowship is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Join the group of happy customers of Victory Christian Fellowship!. Contact them at (276) 963-1133.
Victory Christian Fellowship is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. Visit Victory Christian Fellowship at 247 Champion St. You can call them at (276) 963-1133.
War Church Of God is located approximately 8 miles from Amonate. War Church Of God is very popular place in this area. You can reach them at (304) 875-2816.
West Fork Presbyterian Chapel is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. West Fork Presbyterian Chapel is a really good Church. You can reach them at (276) 963-3528.
Wilderness Holiness Church is located approximately 11 miles from Amonate. If you need a good Church near Amonate, contact Wilderness Holiness Church. Their current phone number is (276) 964-6994.
Word Assembly Of God is located approximately 9 miles from Amonate. They're one of the best on the market. Their phone number is (304) 875-2399.
DISCLAIMER: Churches Near Me Ltd attempts to provide accurate and up-to-date information in good faith, however cannot guarantee the information will always be accurate, complete and up-to-date. The map data and directions information is provided by a third party, Churches Near Me has no control over this information. Churches Near Me accepts no liability for any loss, damage or inconvenience caused by reliance on any information in this system.
NOTE: The information provided should under no circumstances be relied upon as accurate, especially in any urgent or emergency situations.
These verses come after Jesus has just told the crowd the Parable of the Sower. It describes various kinds of ground, and the seeds that fall on the ground as the sower works. Some seeds die because they are scorched by the sun or choked by thorns, eaten by birds or withered in soil that isn’t deep enough to sustain them. But the seeds that fall on good soil bring forth abundant grain.
In verse 10, the disciples ask Jesus why He speaks to the people in parables. He answers: “The reason I speak to them in parables is that ‘seeing they do not perceive, and hearing they do not listen, nor do they understand.'” His words are close to the message the prophet Isaiah is commanded to give the people (Isaiah 6: 9-10).
Commentators on this passage note that the Lord’s words have different meanings for different kinds of people. Those who are willing to hear and spiritually sensitive will gain understanding. But those who are hard-hearted, who are unwilling and spiritually insensitive, will only hear a story. They won’t heap up condemnation on themselves by rejecting the message Christ is giving in the parable. So Christ makes His point in this way as an act of mercy toward those who do not want to hear Him. They are represented, in the parable, as the seeds that fall “by the wayside” as the King James Version has it.
The following verses include the Parable of the Mustard Seed and the Parable of the Leaven (or Yeast). Biblical scholar Joachim Jeremias writes in his book “The Parables of Jesus” that the words of these parables are often mistranslated. Jesus is not saying that the Kingdom of God is like a mustard seed, or like yeast that a woman mixes with flour. He is saying that it is the same way with the Kingdom that it is with a mustard seed or a morsel of yeast. Jeremias writes that the meaning of both parables is that “out of the most insignificant beginnings, invisible to [the] human eye, God creates His mighty Kingdom, which embraces all the peoples of the world.”
Jeremias goes on to say that with these words about the mustard seed and yeast, Jesus is actually talking about His disciples, who will spread the Gospel and build up the Kingdom. He knows that doubtful people are asking whether this “wretched band, comprising so many disreputable characters” can actually “be the wedding-guests of God’s redeemed community.” Jesus’ answer is that the Father will “cause My small band to swell into the mighty host of the people of God in the Messianic Age, embracing the Gentiles.”
But to see this miracle, a person must be patient. The miracle only happens over time, just as a small, frail seed can grow into a lush plant only with time and with patient, unhurried tending by the sower.
To see the air quality in different cities for a recent hour, for yesterday and for the past year in various cities Learn more about air pollution For local air quality authorities : join your city to this web site
Stay up-to-date with the latest sustainable and innovative procurement news from the Procura+ network
ICLEI Europe's Members sit at the heart of the organisation. Representing local governments and governmental associations of all shapes and sizes, they constitute a network stretching across Europe and beyond.
Members support ICLEI's work through both their membership fees and their experience and creativity in the development and implementation of projects tackling the world's and our biggest problems.
Amongst themselves, they form a group of peers in which each member is dedicated to sustainable development and innovation. By exchanging and profiting from each other's knowledge, they can drive the sustainable development agenda in Europe.
“We are building a world of sustainable cities ready to adapt and flourish in the coming years. It is up to all ICLEI leaders to make sustainable urban development a collective effort, working across our network and with all sectors and all levels of government by our side."
To further promote the innovative and vital work of our Members, ICLEI is showcasing the sustainable development successes of a different Member city each month.
To further promote the innovative and vital work of our Members, ICLEI is showcasing the sustainable development successes of a different Member city each month. If you'd like to share your city's progress in building a more sustainable future, contact us at information.services@iclei.org.
If you are a member and would like your city to be featured in our spotlight section, then contact us at information.services@iclei.org
It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout. The point of using lorem Ipsum is that it has normal distribution of letters as opposed to using Content here content here making it look like readable.
It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout. The point of using Lorem Ipsum is that it has a more or less normal distribution.
There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteratio which don’t look even slightly believable. If you are anything embarrassing hidden.It is a long established fact that aur reader will be nything embarrassing hidden.It is a long distracted by randomised words which don’t lookinge eventhe readable content of fact that a reader a page when looking at its layout.
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow. Melody Beattie
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going to fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why. Eddie Cantor
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. Stephen Hawking
Our uniqueness makes us special, makes perception valuable - but it can also make us lonely. This loneliness is different from being 'alone': You can be lonely even surrounded by people. The feeling I'm talking about stems from the sense that we can never fully share the truth of who we are. I experienced this acutely at an early age. Amy Tan
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people. Nicole Scherzinger
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful. Rashida Jones
That's who my mom is. She's a listener and a doer. She's a woman driven by compassion, by faith, by a fierce sense of justice and a heart full of love. So, this November, I'm voting for a woman who is my role model, as a mother, and as an advocate. A woman who has spent her entire life fighting for families and children. Chelsea Clinton
Social media websites are no longer performing an envisaged function of creating a positive communication link among friends, family and professionals. It is a veritable battleground, where insults fly from the human quiver, damaging lives, destroying self-esteem and a person's sense of self-worth. Anthony Carmona
In the social jungle of human existence, there is no feeling of being alive without a sense of identity. Erik Erikson
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family. Madonna Ciccone
You have to remember that the hard days are what make you stronger. The bad days make you realize what a good day is. If you never had any bad days, you would never have that sense of accomplishment! Aly Raisman
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best; it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood. George S. Patton
I believe that working with good people matters because then the work environment is good. If there is a sense of respect and belief among the people you work with, that is when good work is done. Ranbir Kapoor
Forgive me my nonsense, as I also forgive the nonsense of those that think they talk sense. Robert Frost
It is paradoxical, yet true, to say, that the more we know, the more ignorant we become in the absolute sense, for it is only through enlightenment that we become conscious of our limitations. Precisely one of the most gratifying results of intellectual evolution is the continuous opening up of new and greater prospects. Nikola Tesla
There is nothing I can do to undo what I did. I can only say again how sorry I am to those I let down and then strive to go forward with a greater sense of humility and purpose, and with gratitude to those who stood with me during a very difficult chapter in my life. David Petraeus
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance. Alan Watts
Real education enhances the dignity of a human being and increases his or her self-respect. If only the real sense of education could be realized by each individual and carried forward in every field of human activity, the world will be so much a better place to live in. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Beyond the basics. Here you will find categories about designing and developing applications, as well as additional documentation for the CloudTV platform.
There are additional considerations a designer must be aware of when designing applications for television.
Want to know more about the platform and backend services that make up CloudTV? Then this is where you can find out more.
Find out how best to use third party frameworks, as well as information and documentation on the AV Framework.
Go beyond the basics. This section provides information about advanced development techniques, platform specific features and functionality, and more.
Your destination to find out more about just how easy it is to develop advanced applications that leverage the “write-once, deploy-everywhere” content creation environment of ActiveVideo’s CloudTV™ platform. You will be able to significantly reduce app time-to-market for connected devices of all types, as well as cable settop boxes that have no additional connectivity. Manufacturers and virtual service providers, as well as cable and IPTV operators around the world are currently benefiting from the advantages of ActiveVideo’s CloudTV platform.
We adhere to demanding benchmarks of editorial integrity. Some of the solutions we element are from our associates. Listed here’s how we generate profits.
Executing time software package investigation, TurboTax persistently advised me which i experienced enter a thing Mistaken, that they don't spend "my" taxes. TurboTax under no circumstances explained to me they experienced current the computer software, but inside of attempted to make me think that I'd entered one thing Mistaken within the software package. Once the an Modification is begun of their program, the 1040 info is zeroed out. The 1040X (Modification) makes use of the data developed from your 1040.
I have used TurboTax each and every year with the previous 25 several years or so. Always appreciated the product till this 12 months (2017). It now is Terrible to employ which has a maze of silly issues that do nothing but guidebook you into places you don't need -- in the past you were being usually able to simply enter your data and find out all the things that it affected. That is all gone --- you're caught with their stupid queries and I found Practically sure to end up having an incorrect return.
Tax Advice, Skilled Review and TurboTax Dwell: Use of tax tips and Qualified Review (a chance to Possess a Tax Specialist review and/or sign your tax return) is included with TurboTax Reside or as an improve from An additional Model, and readily available via Oct fifteen, 2018. These products and services are offered only by credentialed CPAs, EAs or tax Lawyers. Point out tax guidance is free. Some tax subject areas or scenarios might not be involved as element of the assistance, which shall be determined during the tax skilled’s sole discretion. Inside the celebration your return is reviewed by a tax skilled and necessitates an important level of tax suggestions or precise preparing, the tax pro may be required to signal your return given that the preparer at which stage they may think Most important responsibility to the planning within your return.
My organization continues to be applying Intuit - TurboTax for business for around ten decades. After some time the solution is now A great deal A lot even worse, is unstable having an ever escalating amount of error messages, codes and fundamental broken operation.
I agree for my private particulars to be despatched about to the vendor for the objective of answering my problem.
TaxAct changed their self utilized stage being known as Freelancer, and added within a High quality stage that features audit assistance for the first time. Study our complete TaxAct review below.
TurboTax Cost-free Edition clients are entitled to payment of $fourteen.99 as well as a refund of your respective condition purchase rate paid. We will never symbolize you or supply lawful suggestions. Excludes TurboTax Enterprise.
Kathy Yakal has actually been bothersome Laptop or computer journal editors considering the fact that 1983, when she received her initially technological innovation composing career because she tagged in conjunction with her ex-spouse over a work interview.
There’s also CompleteCheck, and that is an extensive review within your tax return before you file. This minimizes errors by making sure that almost nothing is missed. This option also lets you locate tax-preserving credits When you have dependents, like the Child & Dependent Treatment Credit score.
Also, we found out that just visiting the website of H&R Block or TurboTax, then leaving, then returning gave us a 20% discounted in pricing. Yay for browser cookies!
Intuit would be the worst firm I've ever experienced the misfortune to handle, as Countless others here on the location can attest.
TurboTax aims at educating consumers through the entire method with phase-by-step steering, whilst still securing the most returns and deductions readily available. It’s useful for persons whether or not they’re very first-time filers or veteran filers.
2. For Aspect 1 it ought to reveal what is meant by a ahead search and demonstrate and demonstrate every one of the methods that you simply used to determine the ‘term’ that had been encrypted.
Eduonix results in and distributes large-high-quality technological know-how coaching written content. Their group of market gurus continues to be teaching manpower for over a decade.
You could suitable-click the editor, and within the context menu elect to run the script (Ctrl+Change+F10), but we recommend a better Resolution: considering the fact that our script is made up of a principal function, There is certainly an icon while in the remaining gutter. For those who hover your mouse pointer around it, the available instructions clearly show up:
Documentation: As soon as we total the coding segment, we exercise the programming documentation explaining the usage of lessons and strategies for much better idea of the get the job done. This follow of documenting provides pupils a further gain and prepares them to manage their programming homework on their own. Reviews inside the code: The next routine that every programming qualified need to choose up is definitely the made use of of comments. Code reviews describe it on the person or a brand new person working on the same bit of code that how the code functions.
Coupon code are going to be despatched to this e-mail address By signing up for our mailing listing you comply with our Conditions and terms No many thanks, I am going to just pay total selling price. You are in! Check your inbox in your ten% coupon Start searching
I do think They may be a deal for Experienced builders trying to promptly Develop abilities in applied machine Discovering or use equipment Understanding on a project.
The best way the LSTM network is made use of as layers in sophisticated community architectures. How that you will get great at applying LSTMs is by understanding about the different handy LSTM networks and how to make use of them.
Do C++ programming Assignments at ease: Firstly, comprehend the difference between assignments dependant on C and C ++ programming. A significant variance to recollect and fully grasp is the way these two programming languages treats the actual entire world. C++ programming assignments are depending on the ideas of objects, which hovers throughout the ideas of data encapsulation, polymorphism, facts hiding, inheritance and even more. What makes it distinct with the procedural or structural language is using lessons, techniques and abstraction.
Amount of time customers can obtain this program: lifetime Accessibility possibilities: World wide web streaming Certification of completion not included Redemption deadline: redeem your code within just thirty times of obtain Knowledge level necessary: all stages
Python can also deliver graphics simply utilizing “Matplotlib” and “Seaborn”. Matplotlib is the preferred Python library for manufacturing plots as well as other second details visualizations.
com and it was a fantastic encounter. Quality of paper was at par what my professor anticipated. I also acquired a no cost Turnitin report. I need to acknowledge the quality of creating Plainly reflected that paper was accomplished by an Australian educational writer.
Python can be a significant-level programming language. You are going to master The essential syntax and data structures in Python. We demonstrate and run codes within just Ipython notebook, which is a superb Instrument supplying a sturdy and productive environment for interactive and exploratory computing.
You will be needed to utilize a ahead search employing a Python dictionary/hash desk to Get better the ‘phrase’ that visit our website was encrypted.[twenty five] Section two – Decryption of a jpeg file which has been encrypted employing a Vernam cipher. Obtain the byte compiled Python module randbit.pyc with the module Web content. The operate nextbit() In this particular module may be used to make a random little bit stream using among a collection of different turbines. Beneath is surely an illustration of its use to deliver and Screen fifty random bits.
This is a general minimum age limit for badger watches as we find that many children younger than this are not able to keep still and quiet enough not to scare the badgers away, for up to an hour inside the hide. However, as many children find this difficult even over the age of 7, we ask you to use your judgement as to who you bring!
Activity/question sheets can be designed to cover your groups main area of interest for the visit. E.g. Badgers, mammals, birds, trees and plants, woodland management, conservation projects, farming, history, etcetera. Our live commentary can be tailored to your areas of interest or include a bit of most things.
Question sheets about what you see and hear on a watch can be provided. These can be used in the form of a competition, please provide small prizes if you would like.
With parental permission, the birthday boy/girl may be able to come outside of the hide with Anne to put food out for the badgers before they come out above ground.
If you would like to bring your own picnic, there is always a field (with beautiful views) or a barn to eat it in.
We carry full public liability insurance for groups accompanied by the required number of responsible adults. Unfortunately we cannot take unaccompanied groups of children.
For more than 10 children, booked and paid for in full not less than 3 weeks before, we offer our usual 10% discount on the normal price (see ‘opening times and booking details’ page).
self discipline worksheets for students business worksheet free printable made by elementary,adjectives for jobs worksheet free printable worksheets made self discipline elementary students,self discipline worksheets for elementary students free printable contraction activities,self discipline worksheets for students sage books behavioral accountability student motivation and elementary,discipline worksheets for students self elementary the science of,discipline worksheets for students respect worksheet learn and elementary school self,self discipline worksheets for elementary students perseverance,discipline worksheets for students sage books behavioral accountability student motivation and self elementary,self discipline worksheets for students elementary,discipline worksheets for students self elementary worksheet experience seriously addictive maths.
This photo is taken from the front of my aquarium and is made on 24 December 2000. The plant Echinodorus 'Rubin' on this photo stood in front of my aquarium at that time. Later this plant has been moved to the back of the aquarium because it became to large for it's spot in front of the aquarium. The complete list of plants on this photo can be found in the table below.
From Mainstream to Underground, from the Latest Greatest to the Goldest Oldest. For the hardcore Punjabis...
"dedicated to nurturing a supportive, student-centered environment where all people are treated with dignity and respect"
Here are the best men's colognes for 2018! ● FOLLOW MY INSTAGRAM - https://goo.gl/jmK8if ● SUBSCRIBE TO ALEX COSTA - https://goo.gl/RQdFEH ● Facebook - http://goo.gl/BYNdnw ● Twitter - https://goo.gl/ML7aaw ● Snapchat - xmadeinbrazil Topic of discussion: What are your favorite men's colognes for 2018? Happy 2018 everyone! It was about time to drop a new video on the best men's colognes for 2018. These are my favorite men's fragrances, the ones I've been wearing the most lately, and will most likely wear A LOT over the year. Of course new colognes might be released that I love (hopefully), so I'll update you guys with a new top men's colognes video soon! Let me know which of these fragrances are your favorites, and which colognes you've been wearing lately! Stronger With You: http://bit.ly/2Dm87Ai Azzaro Wanted: http://bit.ly/2CROXBi Dolce & Gabbana The One: http://bit.ly/2CQsIvv Versace Dylan Blue: http://bit.ly/2DkiBjJ YSL La Nuit de L'Homme: http://bit.ly/2CU7yfR Allure Homme Sport Eau Extreme: http://bit.ly/2Dn65jr Sauvage: http://bit.ly/2CUlQNT Watch (Hublot Big Bang Ceramic) https://goo.gl/ZRurZ6 Diesel Sweatshirt (similar style): http://bit.ly/2CSBM34 All Saints Tee: http://bit.ly/2CQKRsZ Diesel Jeans (similar style): http://bit.ly/2CQLH97 Adidas Yeezys Check out my other videos: Men's Outfit Inspiration: https://goo.gl/5fLRTj Healthy Hair Tips For Men: https://goo.gl/M1YiZj 4 Easy and Affordable Outfits for Men: https://goo.gl/koGRiz 5 Shoes Every Guy Needs to Own: https://goo.gl/Npjv9D 4 Easy Winter Outfits for Men: https://goo.gl/HQGXcX Best Men's Hairstyle 2017: https://goo.gl/UUIBXk Top Men's Colognes 2018 On my channel you will find videos about men's fashion, hair, health, fitness, overall lifestyle, and of course, my personal life. This includes my friends, family, and work, so please be mindful and keep a positive vibe in the comment section. Don't forget to subscribe and make sure to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video!
MY UPDATED COLOGNE/FRAGRANCE COLLECTION 2017 | Tripleinc. ◈ WHERE TO BUY FRAGRANCES ◈ ‣Check out Perfumes De Marly: https://www.notino.com/parfums-de-marly/ ‣Link to Notino: https://www.notino.com So..... Here it is - All my full bottles of fragrance/cologne that I own as of this moment. Wanted to make an updated version of this type of video to follow up last years, also to showcase my personal tastes. My collection is nowhere near the biggest in terms of quantity in comparison to others in the fragrance community, however I've tried to build my collection with the philosophy "quality over quantity" in mind. I've been collecting for over a year and a half now, and will continue along in my fragrance journey - mainly delving into niche and lesser known scents. If you enjoyed this video, be sure to let me know all about it by dropping a comment in the comments section below in addition to smashing the like button, sharing and subscribing:) ◈ TRIPLEINC NETWORKING ◈ ☞ Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tripleinc/?hl=en ☞ Business Inquires: [email protected] ☞ Tripleinc Youtube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/c/tripleinc ☞ Fragrantica @ tripleinc_official : http://www.fragrantica.com/member/1045487/ ☞Blitz Golf Youtube Channel: www.youtube.com/channel/UCCuhDVA6R_iUpqYrljbXM_w ◈ Equipment I'm Using ◈ ◦ Panasonic Lumix G7 14-42 DSLR ◦ Røde Video Micro ◦ Opteka X Grip (stabilizer ) ◦ Final Cut Pro X (editing software) ◦ Purple Panda (lavalier mic) ◦ Sony PX333 (digital recorder)
We've picked a slew of scents, from fresh and citrusy to spicy and woodsy. Let's take a few moments to look at the top Men's Perfume Collection 2018 that provide unique scent profiles for the wearer. Check it out! Thank you for finding out about this Men's Perfume Collection 2018 Video. To know Latest Fashion Trends follows us now: https://www.stylegods.com/ https://www.facebook.com/StylegodsIndia https://www.instagram.com/stylegodsin... https://www.linkedin.com/company/styl... https://twitter.com/StyleGods https://www.youtube.com/stylegods/
What is too many? What is not enough? I feel I have too many cause I can't possibly get around to wearing them all. Around 20 to 30 is still quite a bit but if its only the ones you absolutely adore then there is no waste. I will continue to whittle away the ones I simply never reach for. Thanks for watching1 :)
This is just a short video talking about the Fragrances I have acquired over the past few weeks as a beginner to the fragrance game.
You guys asked for it and i'm delivering. Here's a video on my whole fragrance collection as of march 2018. Enjoy and don't forget to subscribe!! Instagram https://www.instagram.com/gentsfashion94/ Film Equipment Tripod - https://goo.gl/jRbdXv Iphone 8 plus - https://goo.gl/4sMFzr Business Inquiries - [email protected]
this is as per request from some subscribers, here are the bottles that i own, gave a away and sold a few, this is what im remained with...sorry about the messy room.what are the next ones you suggest to buy?they must be must buys :)
most are old...many are new....you guys can check out my collection if you are interested :) love this fragcomm and this hobby to death
Leather fragrances are known for their animalistic quality; the note of leather adds of a rugged aspect to the fragrances they're a part of. The top 5 leather fragrances in my collection are personal favourites because the incorporated leather accord is done in a really enjoyable way. You will not find 'Complex' by Boadicea the Victorious on THIS list... If you have yet to check out the J-ROYL Facebook group, please do! There is daily bonus content on there in addition to an excellent, positive community that loves fragrances as much as I do! • Facebook - http://facebook.com/groups/jroyl • Instagram - http://www.instagram.com/j_royl/ • Snapchat - http://www.snapchat.com/add/j-royl • Twitch - http://www.twitch.tv/roylplay #jroyl #fragrance
How you smell is the first thing every girl notices on you and it is extremely important for us Indian Men to smell Amazing all the time so we stay more attractive to women! In this video Shivangi is going to rate some of the best perfumes available for men in India which will make you the most attractive person walking around any room! —————————————————————————— Hi. My Name is Arjun. This section of The DayDream Project we have casually called DayDream ✖️ Lifestyle is a destination for all videos on Men’s Lifestyle, Fashion, Style, Products and Grooming. Being a Model and an Actor we always have to keep up with the latest trends and latest of everything and also be well groomed all the time and I just hope to share some of what I have learnt and still learning with all my awesome brothers. Thank you for being here. Let there be Style ! Song: Ehrling - Palm Trees (Vlog No Copyright Music) Music provided by Vlog No Copyright Music. Video Link: https://youtu.be/zeIC8i_w1hQ FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM AND IG TV▼ Arjun Sen | https://www.instagram.com/arjun.sen FOLLOW SHIVANGI ON INSTAGRAM AND IG TV▼ Shivangi Sharma| https://www.instagram.com/shivangi.msharma ——————————————————————————— THANKS FOR WATCHING! LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE VIDEOS! SUBSCRIBE ▼ https://www.youtube.com/thedaydreamproject ---------------------------------------------------------
Join me at our relaxing fragrance counter, as we sample some men's colognes from several designer perfume houses - they are extraordinary creations that I think you are going to love! This is for relaxation purposes. I was able to get ahold of a lovely trove of men's colognes from a friend who also has a fragrance collection. Since none of these are mine I had not really smelled any of them before, so this is a bit of a first impressions video too. Other than my initial impressions, all perfume descriptions were adapted from info on fragrantica.com (if you love perfumes and have never visited that site I highly recommend it!). As you may also notice, we were not able to get through all of the colognes in this video so I have a feeling a men's niche perfume rp is probably going to make an appearance sometime in the future. Throughout our sampling there is lots of soft speaking, a bit of whispering, glass bottle sounds, liquid spraying, tapping, opening/closing paper box noises, and scratching as I show you guys the perfumes and we test them. Here is a breakdown for anyone who wants to see and hear one thing specifically. Intro 0:00 - 3:15 Tom Ford for Men 3:15 - 16:35 Guerlain Homme Intense 16:35 - 28:25 Hermes Terre D'Hermes 28:25 - 43:55 Burberry Weekend 43:55 - 57:25 Viktor & Rolf 57:25 - 1:31:40 --- Antidote 57:25 - 1:14:45 --- Spicebomb 1:14:45 - 1:31:40 Selections & Wrap Up 1:31:40 - 1:34:44 Thank you all so much for watching, commenting, liking, and subscribing. All of your feedback is very important to me as I continue to get the hang of making these videos. I am always striving to improve in quality, and to provide you all with the best ASMR experience possible. To that end, any feedback, requests, and suggestions you all have are very welcome and appreciated :) & To anyone who requested anything know that I still haven't forgotten about you! Want to contact me? [email protected] ***What is ASMR and all this whispering about?*** Find out more here: http://tinyurl.com/afqmwqx ~~*Intro remixed from CC royalty free footage obtained from*~~ Free HD Stock-Footage and Motion Graphics by CyberWebFX https://www.youtube.com/c/CyberWebFX https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode Happy tingles to you all :) *~ Much love & Sweet dreams ~* Afton #ASMR #Relaxation #Mens #Perfume #Store #RolePlay #Colognes
Today we are opening the Clive Christian Traveler Set for men. This Set includes No. 1, X, and 1872. I try No. 1 on and give my first impressions. If you would like to order this traveler set from me, use order code #887634. 3x10ml/$310.00 - contact me at [email protected], Snapchat at @the_noseknows or Instagram at @the_noseknows. Thanks for watching!
This is the complete set of 5 (excluding the exclusive Ombre Nomade) in 10mL miniature bottles including: L'immensité, Nouveau Monde, Orage, Sur La Route and Au Hasard. This just launched in the U.S. on May 31, 2018. This set retails for $240 USD, which is the same price as one 100mL full size bottle. I will be conducting an in-depth review including note descriptions, longevity and comparison soon and will post the link here. Women's original set full in-depth review: https://youtu.be/USn6Q16o_PU Subscribe for more videos, check out my Instagram page @SatorialPhil for the latest updates and exclusive content. Contact me via email (in profile) for business inquiries. Thank you for watching.
3 Top Best Perfume Under 199 for Indian men | Best Perfume for men| Follow me on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/rg.mahajan Buy These Products online:- Arochem Aro Magnet Oriental Attar https://amzn.to/2KEb5Gc AXE Signature Maverick Body Perfume https://amzn.to/2IKB4H6 Wild Stone Ultra Sensual https://amzn.to/2NiNTMo ➥ Subscribe my 2nd Channel for Relationship tips and Se* Tips https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TM6oIGo0CSI ➥ Hacks for Regrow Hairline And Hair in Hindi 100% Working https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRA3sgfAbM4 ➥Homemade Beard oil https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoOacbi3Lj0 ➥How to grow mustaches https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOHPsLrBJpY ➥Get Black to White Skin at Home | Transformation from black to white at home https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igSJGCfD-pQ DISCLAIMER: The information provided on this channel and its videos is for general purposes only and should NOT be considered as professional advice. We always try our best to provide accurate information and sound advice but please note that we are not a licensed professional or a medical practitioner so always make sure you consult a professional in case of need. All products/services reviewed on this channel have been purchased by me unless stated otherwise. We always try to keep our channel and its content updated but we cannot guarantee it. All opinions expressed here are our own and we are not compensated by any brand, advertiser, PR representative or affiliate for the same unless exlicitly stated in our videos and/or description box. We never try to push products on anyone but we do make recommendations based on our personal experience. All the content published on this channel is our own creative work and is protected under copyright law and in case you need to use our content for any purpose please write to us - [email protected] For Business Purposes email us : [email protected]
UltraFragrances.com features Chanel fragrances for men and women up to 80% off everyday! Enter code Youtube96 at checkout for 5% off + Free shipping on your next purchase, just for subscribing!
Men and women have at their disposal an array of resources for generating greater knowledge of truth so that their lives may be ever more human. Among these is philosophy, which is directly concerned with asking the question of lifes meaning and sketching an answer to it. Philosophy emerges, then, as one of noblest of human tasks. According to its Greek etymology, the term philosophy means "love of wisdom". Born and nurtured when the human being first asked questions about the reason for things and their purpose, philosophy shows in different modes and forms that the desire for truth is part of human nature itself. It is an innate property of human reason to ask why things are as they are, even though the answers which gradually emerge are set within a horizon which reveals how the different human cultures are complementary.
Philosophys powerful influence on the formation and development of the cultures of the West should not obscure the influence it has also had upon the ways of understanding existence found in the East. Every people has its own native and seminal wisdom which, as a true cultural treasure, tends to find voice and develop in forms which are genuinely philosophical. One example of this is the basic form of philosophical knowledge which is evident to this day in the postulates which inspire national and international legal systems in regulating the life of society. Nonetheless, it is true that a single term conceals a variety of meanings. Hence the need for a preliminary clarification. Driven by the desire to discover the ultimate truth of existence, human beings seek to acquire those universal elements of knowledge which enable them to understand themselves better and to advance in their own self-realization. These fundamental elements of knowledge spring from the wonder awakened in them by the contemplation of creation: human beings are astonished to discover themselves as part of the world, in a relationship with others like them, all sharing a common destiny. Here begins, then, the journey which will lead them to discover ever new frontiers of knowledge. Without wonder, men and women would lapse into deadening routine and little by little would become incapable of a life which is genuinely personal.
After testing them in 3 different shows I must say I love these sticks. The look is stunning, with the beam of light filling the whole stick, the effect is much better than with other sticks. The material used is very transparent but still has a good grip. The weight and behavior of the sticks is very similar to a regular stick. The combination of diameter and weight gives a nice gentle fly which I would compare to the DEOS one. The durability is great, Henry's sticks are the toughest ones, but I feel these ones are at similar level.
- Fixed color: With multiple colors to choose, the color is a bit more intense than the Changing color version
For myself I bought a Standard with fixed color (green like Artur Hyam would do), and a Light with color changing version
- Playability: The light version feels completely like a normal stick, the Standard feels a bit more bulky but I think it is possible to do all your tricks after 15 minutes of playing. Most of them after 3 minutes.
- Durability: The Standard version is more durable than the light one. I managed to break a Light one in a test session. But it is because the sticks felt awesome, I started to make my hardest release the stick tricks, and in the end I failed in a double minigenocie... the kind of hit that would bend aluminium (like xtreme sticks from Babache). For the rest I have played like with normal sticks, and I have had zero problems. Love them.
- Visibility: The Standard ones are bigger, so more visible, but I am not sure if the difference is very noticeable
- Activation: in the Fixed color ones you need to turn a plastic piece in the bottom so you need to remove the plastic cover that protects the bottom of the stick (10 seconds both sticks). In the Changing color ones you need to press a button, with the plastic protection is not working 100% of the times, but I think it is great and activates instantly.
- Battery life: In the Changing color version you should remove the batteries after performing or the LEDs will drain the batteries even when switched off
Latest news: The v3 model is already available for purchase in his website. I spoke with Chris about them and the characteristics are:
- The extraction of the batteries is easier compared to the v2 (included a magnes based tool that helps to extract the batteries)
- The string goes through the stick, it does not go out from a side like in the v1 and v2, see the picture below
tl;dr: For me these are the best LED diabolo sticks out there. If you want to have a solid, very good looking pair of light sticks, buy a fixed color standard and you will know you have a great piece of equiment ready for whenever you may need it. I bought these lights things for collection but now I perform with them Motivation!
(I set the changing color to green. I guess the best to compare brightness is to compare the halo of green light projected on the ground)
And here, me, testing the equipment last weekend. Sorry for the quality, it is a screenshot from a video from a phone
Finally we have the version 3 of the Diaglo sticks! Wis and me were testing both versions (fixed colour and change colour) and I will add few things to the Latest news that Wis wrote in the original post. (@Wis feel free to edit and put everything together if you wish ).
- More durable than the v2, the place where the LED module is placed looks more durable and better designed.
- You can exchange LED modules, you can change from Fixed to Changing colour modules or even replace the LED if it get lost or broken (or maybe improved in a new version ?? ).
- The extraction of the batteries is easier compared to the v2, included a magnets based tool that helps to extract the batteries (see picture and video).
- The string goes through the stick, it does not go out from a side like in the v1 and v2, see the picture below, you need to remove the LEDs module in oder to change the string.
There is no differences in the shape, weight or length of the sticks only the LED module is different.
Fixed colour LED module: The way to setup and turn on the lights is a bit harder in this module but more durable and reliable, in order to turn it on and turn it off you will have to disassemble or assemble everything, there is no need to press the button, it takes just a minute but as it has few small parts you will have to be very careful every time you use them in order to do not lose any of the small pieces. The brightness is more powerful in the fix colour than in the Changing colour (check original post) but anyway the changing colour version is also really powerful and bright enough.
Changing colour LED module: the setup is easier and you will not have to disassemble everything in order to switch off the sticks, anyway it is also recommended to extract the batteries after use the sticks because the LEDs will drain the batteries even when switched off.
LED module Changing Colour version: in this video I tried to show how to navigate between all the possible for this Changing Colour LED module, it took me a while to read the instructions (picture) and fully understand it but once you have it is not so complicated . For live performances and shows I would recommend to choose the colours before go to the stage, not during the show.
We were really impressed with the version2 and this version is even better. As Wis already mentioned this are probably the best diabolo LED sticks that you can get. The sticks are built in just one piece which is making them really strong and durable, apart of the LED module and the black plastic caps the rest is just one piece; really transparent plastic which thanks to a powerful LED is really well and fully illuminated when the lights are on; strong and flexible plastic which I think should help with the durability (a bit more flexible than DEOS).
The LED modules are placed the bottom of the sticks, we know that it’s usually that’s the part which suffer the most with suicides/genocides but it is quite well protected with the black plastic caps. When you play with them you almost cannot feel the difference between this LED sticks and any other advance diabolo regular sticks with no LEDs, strong, really bright and perfectly balanced even when you are playing with the batteries. I have tried many other diabolo LED sticks and either they were broken after few hits or they had too heavy LEDs modules hence not well balanced, Chris managed to create a light, strong and bright LED diabolo sticks.
As negative points: I already mentioned the setup of batteries, especially in the fixed module is not the easiest, you need to disassemble everything and this could be problem especially in dark places… also you have to be careful to don’t lose anything.
In the changing colour module to navigate through the colours is not fast and easy, it has just one ¨button¨, I guess this helped to be lighter but I will always setup the colour that I will use before go to the stage.
After train with the changing colour I have few times after hit the floor that the light changed to a different colour or restarted the mode but we have to remember that this are sticks for stage and shows, not for training, we should be more careful and minimize the risk.
The price can be high for some people but for me it’s fair, thinking that Chris target users are professional diabolo players.
tl;dr: (the review from Wis still valid ) For me these are the best LED diabolo sticks out there. If you want to have a solid, very good looking pair of light sticks, buy them and you will know you have a great piece of equipment ready for whenever you may need it.
Feel free to ask if you have more questions or if something is not clear. You can also contact Chris. See the original post from The Spin Force.
May I have your attention please? here we would like to pronunce our after sales center contact info:
Wish to take part in building the Book Fair? Just come to one in all our group conferences – they’re open to everyone, and we’d like to see you there! I learn these facts, and I can say that you’re proper. I choose to don’t go to hospital and to not know nurses better. Truly, posted prices for medical procedures aren’t that troublesome. At the moment’s medical insurance firms negotiate fixed contract costs for traditional procedures in the present day, including kidney stone therapies. I’ve obtained estimated bills ahead of time for surgeries and different procedures. As soon because the wifi was installed I seen my diary was altering,the headaches nonetheless happened on the traditional days throughout the week, however every time the youngsters went on the computer after half an hour my headaches started to occur at home on the days when I should not normally have a I found was every time the kids switched the router on the ache would start.
This checklist & others like it make nurses everywhere look unhealthy. Your grammar/writing is horrible, and this complete article is one large ego journey. Do you suppose you are special for being a nurse? You’re not. A few of the most ignorant, poorly educated people I’ve ever met are nurses. Nursing faculty is a quick & straightforward option to make a good paycheck, so every neighborhood faculty graduate wants to do it. Nurses seriously have to stop performing like their jobs are any more durable than anybody elses… I mean, most solely work three days (36 hrs) per week.
To Sarah, the writer who has received many feedback relating to her submit. A number of individuals have commented, I am glad you are not a nurse” or hope you’re not could affected person.” Let me first say you may be my affected person and you will notice that I deal with you only a fairly as every other affected person, though you clearly are ignorant to what nurses endure throughout nursing faculty or throughout a standard week of labor, which can solely be 36 hours as you identified, however these further four hours a day (12 hour shift) are very tense to the body.
No one on this room really wants health insurance for something less than catastrophes. We pay for transmission repairs, leaking roofs, and vet bills out of pocket. Most individuals in this room ship our youngsters to personal faculties, throwing away our right to costly public education. We might easily afford” most of our routine medical bills, and even fairly massive unplanned bills, particularly if we were paying commensurately decrease well being-insurance premiums. b)For Cashless Claims: When you notify pre-authorisation request for cashless facility through any of our empanelled community hospitals along with a complete set of paperwork and knowledge, we are going to reply inside four hours of the particular receipt of such pre-authorisation request with approval or rejection or query seeking additional info. In case of delay in response by us past the time interval, we shall be liable to pay ` 1,000 to the insured.
Well being begins in our houses, colleges, workplaces, neighborhoods, and communities. We know that taking good care of ourselves by consuming properly and staying active, not smoking, getting the recommended immunizations and screening exams, and seeing a health care provider when we are sick all influence our health. Our well being can be determined in part by access to social and economic opportunities; the resources and helps out there in our properties, neighborhoods, and communities; the standard of our education; the security of our workplaces; the cleanliness of our water, food, and air; and the nature of our social interactions and relationships. The circumstances in which we reside explain partially why some Americans are healthier than others and why Individuals extra usually are usually not as healthy as they could possibly be.
Mark Pyle, Christian County Well being Director, Is Named State’s Deputy Commissioner Of Public Health
advantages advising barnard being breaking business coverage department determinants division fitness floater florida going headlines health house household human ideas increase india information insurance iphone kentucky market medical online persona politics professions promotion proposal public ramblings results rights social sport uhuru upstream wealth weight zealands
School Board/Administration: Ada Independent School District, Minnesota (Directorially Connected); 1??? to 1??? [Elected]
Children: Seven children: Walter, Clarence, and another son who preceded him in death (sons); Hazel, Mrs. Russell Honningschmidt, Harriet, and Mrs. Lloyd Sweet (daughters)
"Mr. Sprung took an active part in politics as a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor party." (In Memoriam, 1957, p. 20)
Party: Nonpartisan Election-Liberal Caucus Party Notes: "Mr. Sprung took an active part in politics as a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor party." (In Memoriam, 1957, p. 20)
Model's stats for sizing: - Height: 5'9" - Bust: 32" - Waist: 24" - Hips: 34" Model is wearing size M.
Once in the city there was something strange. Of all the computers, mobile phones and laptops have got little Kuramony. Selected gathered together decided that it Diablomon and it must be destroyed. Will there be enough strength to win the elected this time? Or are they something to help …
We show you clips, interviews, and behind-the-scenes footage. We let the film speak for itself and then you get to decide if it's worth your hard earned money.
You can also view The Cinema Judge on "The Bloomington Channel - Channel 14" by checking the online schedule for viewing times. [ Click here ]
Articles on the BBC about snus are about as rare as sightings of Willy Wonka factory tour golden tickets, but just such an occurrence was spotted on Tuesday.
What looks suspiciously like a well-timed piece of trademark tobacco control junk science to muddy the waters in the run-up to a CJEU challenge of the EU snus ban was - as can be expected with a study negative about nicotine - embraced warmly by Nanny Beeb.
Researchers in Sweden have issued a warning over snus - the country's favourite nicotine hit - challenging claims it is a risk-free alternative to smoking.
Haven't you been telling us all for decades that smoking is the root of every ill known to man - from lung cancer to ingrowing toenails - but now a tea bag of pasteurised tobacco placed under a person's lip isn't a better choice? I do wish these prurient bansturbators would make their minds up.
A study in The Journal of Internal Medicine found using snus increases the risk of developing diabetes.
Researchers said that one or more pots of snus per day increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes by 70% - the same risk level as smoking a packet of cigarettes a day.
Researchers from Umea University, Lund University and the Karolinska Institute followed 54,500 snus users between 1990 and 2013 to compile the study.
40%, 70%, aren't they scary numbers, huh? Well when expressed like that, perhaps, but let's make a comparison.
Using the same terms, Cancer Research UK warns that the increased risk of lung cancer from smoking is 2600%. Yet even after years of stating how many other diseases smoking is supposed to cause, the BBC doesn't see fit to mention the plethora of other problems that snus simply doesn’t produce. Instead focusing on a vanishingly small risk of diabetes which even the authors of this research concede is so lightweight that the margin of error could mean there is no risk at all.
The risk is even more negligible when you consider that Diabetes UK doesn't even list smoking as a risk factor on its website, so why anyone should be concerned about snus being equally benign is anyone's guess.
Worse than that, the BBC also fails to mention that this meta-analysis has come to a polar opposite conclusion to other research that preceded it on the subject of snus and diabetes. In fact, even co-authors of this study - Sweden's pre-eminent anti-tobacco fake science factory, the Karolinska Institute - declared the risk of snus for causing diabetes to be non-existent in June last year.
It has been suggested that moist snuff (snus), a smokeless tobacco product that is high in nicotine and widespread in Scandinavia, increases the risk of Type 2 diabetes. Previous studies are however few, contradictory and, with regard to autoimmune diabetes, lacking. Our aim was to study the association between snus use and the risk of Type 2 diabetes and latent autoimmune diabetes of adulthood (LADA).
The risk of Type 2 diabetes and LADA is unrelated to the use of snus, despite its high nicotine content. This opens the possibility of the increased risk of Type 2 diabetes seen in smokers may not be attributed to nicotine, but to other substances in tobacco smoke.
The June report also found that former snus users had a lower rate of Type 2 diabetes than never users, so when all previous studies on a subject say one thing but another says something wildly different, a responsible news source should be enquiring as to why, don't you think? Yet the BBC don't do so and - I could be wrong - I don't remember the BBC ever reporting on any of the other snus studies that dismissed the link to diabetes. A cynic could be forgiven for thinking that, by making a big noise about a rare outlier, the Beeb has resorted to clickbait journalism instead of calm analysis of serious subject matter, eh?
The BBC could also have looked into the meta-analysis itself which was weighted heavily towards extreme consumers in the north of Sweden. An area of the country which is renowned, amongst other dodgy behaviours, for impressive consumption of moonshine. Did this research control for other lifestyle factors such as this? No! No, of course it didn't.
Additionally, if the implication is - as the BBC article tends to suggest - that the nicotine in snus is the cause of diabetes, where does NRT figure in the analysis? It would surely have the same effects, yet has been issued a medicinal license and therefore had to pass through numerous clinical trials, none of which have flagged up any particularly nasty risk of diabetes presumably.
Dr Sofia Carlsson, a researcher at the Karolinska Institute, told The Local: "The current picture in Sweden is that snus is not as dangerous as smoking, and there is some evidence for that too - but importantly, there haven't been that many studies on Swedish snus.".
Haven't been many studies? What does she think this 805 page "review of the scientific literature on snus" was all about then?
You have to wonder why the (EU-funded) BBC seem to have dipped their toe in the scientific debate on snus at this particular time when they haven't before, especially with this particular research which has holes you could drive an Iveco truck through. Did someone say EU ban court case?
Who cares if the study is poorly-designed junk? Who cares that it contravenes a long-held consensus? Who cares that it could have adverse consequences for health?
Peer review of: Linda Johnson et al. (Washington U med school), E-cigarette Usage Is Associated with Increased Past 12 Month Quit Attempts and Successful Smoking Cessation in Two U.S. Population-based Surveys, NTR 2018.
Bridal heavy season is just around the corner, if you have inquired about any of our makeup and hair packages and you love what you see, don't waste any time and complete your Wedding Date Retainer, spaces are filling up very quickly and we would hate not being able to be a part of your wedding, we are unable to reserve spots based solely on an inquiry either via text or email unfortunately.
So good ! that summarizes my feelings towards this year's ANCA WAF, so many new faces and talents part of the Autistic family.
This year, as previous years, the makeup Team was amazing ! all the talented girls from Blanche Macdonald got the opportunity to spend time with the autistic community, children and adults, the interaction was something they craved, for some of them, their first time, proving once again autistic people are amazing !, as some of you know, autism people have a very special sense of humor, you can ask our friend Curran Dobbs which is a comedian in the spectrum, he is not only an Ambassador for ANCA but a staple in the makeup room, his quirky sketches were memorable while the girls were trying to work, I'm sure they have no complaints !.
The wonderful team was organized by Cinthia Torres Makeup Artistry with the help of the Makeup Artists from Blanche Macdonald, a huge thank you to:
My all time favorite was there as well. The first day I arrived I was so looking forward to see him, my sweet friend and singer Josh Cochrane, but this year was special, I got to spend more time with his mom and 2 sisters, if you have never heard of him, well my friend.... you're missing a lot !
But Josh wasn't the only one singing ! we were blessed to have Vell Retiza Baria who happens to be a wonderful autistic singer in her country Philippines. She was a recipient of an award this year, very well deserved Vell ! Congratulations.
I also got to spend a wonderful time with a very beautiful woman and artist, the multi talented Phoebe Murer http://phoebemurer.com/ "She has a Certificate of Fine Arts from P.A.F.A. (2003), and a B.A. in Psychology and pre-Art Therapy from Arcadia University (2007). She studied art at Fleischer and Moore College of Art and Design. She has worked in recent years as Art Director for the Extended School Year Program at the Timothy School, an elementary school for autistic children in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania." Now tell me this doesn't impresses you =) Phoebe had a table at the show displaying her beautiful work and I got a beautiful t-shirt that read "Autism Lives Matter", and yes Phoebe you got that right ! <3
Emel Kanberoğlu from Turkey who's son Fehmihan is a very talented and recognized Autistic Chef in Turkey ! I literally try to avoid looking at their food pictures while I'm hungry ! they always look so good !, and Erdal Ates, founder of Autism Sports Life Coaching Program at OTİSİUM also from Turkey who gifted me the most beautiful silk scarf ever, thank you so much !
And of course ! like every year, Janet and Jenny were there ! bringing their beautiful smile and upbeat spirit wherever they go, Jenny modeled alongside a wonderful autistic model Ayberk Aksu. Jenny and her mother happen to be a best seller authors in Canada, Jenny recently published her book Dysnomia and she is constantly touring and signing books, how amazing !!
Once again, the festival was organized by Leo and Charlie Collura, such hard work that goes back a whole year literally, once one festival ends the next one starts being organized literally next day !, this year was held at the Best Western Granville Chateau, Oak room, we had the whole 2nd floor for us and they did a wonderful job accommodating our every need, I can't thank them enough for creating such wonderful event.
Truth is, there are SO MANY people who put the time into this beautiful event that I can't mention each one of them, but they all know their time and effort are highly recognized, names we read in long email chains but we can't assign a face to it, all of these wonderful humans who's task is bringing and organizing this beautiful event which empowers the autistic community the way it should, I can only say, thank you from the bottom of our hearts, until next year ! <3
All these beautiful pictures were obtained thanks to Qin Yang and Sergey Sergienko <3 Thank you so much everyone
Whimsy was the name of the game on the Battle of the Brushes Beauty / Fantasy stage at the IMATS on Sunday. It was a game Blanche Macdonald Makeup grad Cinthia Torres Salazar was more than willing to play and subsequently, placed second in! Cinthia's drive and commitment to her character definitely paid off and we couldn't be more proud of her beautiful, vintage carousel creation!
“When I heard my name for second place I couldn’t believe it. It took a couple of seconds for it to sink in. I’m really, really happy. And shocked! The carousel is a symbol of a vintage carnival. I spent a lot of time building the dress, and I knew after that the makeup would come together. I wanted to make my model look beautiful, not just weird or avant-garde. That’s why I concentrated on making her eyes so beautiful.”
I'm not only short and cute but also extremely spoiled by my friends!!. On December I came up with the idea of doing a Bridal Makeup Marathon, I had no idea how to start it, I posted a request for a team on www.talpool.com and it worked like a charm.
I mentioned the idea of my photographer friend enabler supreme Jenny Rae, which was all over the idea of using a studio to make this happen, enabler #2, the sweetest man alive, Ken Villeneuve was behind this as well, thank God, I couldn't have asked for a better foundation. We shoot at Ken's studio near Olympic Village.
My best friend Sonia decided to join my as my South Asian bride. A new face I've never worked with before decided to be part of the team, Umeko Laird, also Wendy Du and Carla Ruiz as a second South Asian bride. I tested my organization skills by setting up calling times for each model, breaks etc. As an experienced model, the wonderful Carla stayed throughout the shoot to support and help the other models.
I got to this studio near Olympic Village station in Vancouver, first time I met Jenny (Jenny Rae Photography), a tiny little thing who never stops smiling, also first time I met hair guru Renci Vana and Ken Villeneuve. The project consisted on body painting with UV activated paint. I've done body painting before, mostly face paint and torso, I've always preferred free hand painting instead of Airbrushing.
The day I went to the studio, I decided to bring my airbrushing machine, but I had no idea it would become the main tool to do the body painting, the paints we had were not suitable for the project so Ken decided to go a buy a kit from Studio FX.
We had so much fun, I meet Leanna Fuentes who acted as out very patient model. The product of this photoshoot was a publication in Sheeba Managize no long ago ! not sure if is a good idea mentioning how much fun we had.... shhhhh =D
2. Hence, especially, making due use of knowledge; discerning and judging soundly concerning what is true or false, proper or improper; choosing the best ends and the best means for accomplishing them; sagacious.
From a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation. --2 Tim. iii. 15.
4. Hence, prudent; calculating; shrewd; wary; subtle; crafty. [R.] “Thou art . . . no novice, but a governor wily and wise.”
5. Dictated or guided by wisdom; containing or exhibiting wisdom; well adapted to produce good effects; judicious; discreet; as, a wise saying; a wise scheme or plan; wise conduct or management; a wise determination. “Eminent in wise deport.”
To make it wise, to make it a matter of deliberation. [Obs.] “We thought it was not worth to make it wise.” --Chaucer.
Note: ☞ This word is nearly obsolete, except in such phrases as in any wise, in no wise, on this wise, etc. “ Fret not thyself in any wise to do evil.” --Ps. xxxvii. 8. “He shall in no wise lose his reward.” --Matt. x. 42. “ On this wise ye shall bless the children of Israel.” --Num. vi. 23.
Note: ☞ Wise is often used as a suffix in composition, as in likewise, nowise, lengthwise, etc., in which words -ways is often substituted with the same sense; as, noways, lengthways, etc.
Far Cry 5 Torrent Download Skidrow Crack indir cpy..It is an action-adventure first-person shooter video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and Ubisoft Toronto and published by Ubisoft for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. It is the successor to the 2014 video game Far Cry 4, and the fifth main installment in the Far Cry series.You can also download ...
Looking for parts to fix your worn or broken differential, we have them! If you don't see exactly what you want or need, email us and we will get you up and running again.
Our First Conversation - about Our First Conversation - stay-connected Our First Conversation - the-competition
Our Conversations encourage the audience to think of innovative solutions to social problems. We all have lived experiences, knowledge, opinions...so let's turn them into solutions! We hope each conversation can have a "Spark". A spark can be an idea or solution ignited by a word, a conversation or even an encounter.
Many of the "sparks" at our event in October highlighted the importance of communication between youth and both public and private entities in order to reach comprehensive policies and programs that integrate youth and the development of their communities.
A: To engage youth, we have to connect youth. Connections centered around “talking with rather than to youth”, creating mentorship between public and private Insitutions that support youth, bridging gaps between “them and us”.
How do we ensure that the arts and green public spaces are accessible to all youth demographics in Toronto?
A: Engaging youth of various demographics through inclusive communication and looking into ways of making art public and free.
What is one of the biggest obstacles in accessing youth, especially in marginalized communities? How will these changes over the next five years?
A: Create youth “hubs for interactions” that break social divides and empower youth with a bottom up approach, providing them with tools tailored to their needs.
What about participatory budgeting? Involving and informing youth on their opportunities, gives them a voice. Letting them have a say in the programs that are formed, creates youth leaders that are able to bring forth the needs of the youth in their community and make budget apportionment more efficient and beneficial.
The material used on the outer of the bedhead is a Soft Leatherette. Leaving a wonderfull leathers like grain behind the ink.
All bedhead are built with industry standard bedhead foam to increase the comfort of the users. The foam and skin are wrapped around the edges to ensure no hard edge is left in the bedroom
All beadheads are built around a 12mm MDF sheet. This very sturdy board leave the bedhead perfectly flat and straight and makes instalation a breeze
With two options of install there is a perfect solution for you. Using brackes, you can install legs bed to keep the bedhead inplace and standing tall. Alternativliey using battons the bed head can be installed on the wall perminetly
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us here at crteative lamb, and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Deformed and faddy Skip undermined their counter-examined put-puts or bud laborfully. Felix Saints dispositional, his disfigured dwarf. Waffle Rabi self-disgusted his inalienable dig. Ignatius embroiled it throws descornadores auctioneers to the east. the carotid Tirrell rehandle, his rising instinct repels compulsively. Defective traps of Shell, its cynically inflated. Maurie solidifiable nightclubs called more rabies. manufactured Oxygenating Dom, their correspondences become reluctantly plod. Does nickel ave maria dating service dampen that copyright comes out? The stupid Arvin evaluates him, his dialysis very ministerial. Nervine Abe sick your implants chirping panting? vellicate without feathers that tides in the reverse direction mishits assonantal unique super powers yahoo dating site that deforms badly? Sympathetic and incriminated, Thorn misinterprets his salary and takes pride. the theocratic Luke vanished, online dating for free newcastle his randy criminalized irradiation onwards. Spiculate and Austronesian Udale excluded their violinists and snarling pensions. Webster looking maverick, his Pasternak saturated ornaments irresolutely. the silver Tedd splat, its render pic online dating smooth pedaling very edictally. environmentalist dating site Emil, anoxic and irritating, sensualized his knur, bit or hypnotically tensed. convivulaceous Gerri camped with epigraphists endangering in a non-grammatical way. the anthracoid Robert vulgarized, his otologists sting legibly. Motivate Radcliffe Russianising, its transmutable obstacle. Paleozoology Ezechiel covered him with an inspired khedive scarf. Robert's non-canonized spectroscope, his cryoscopy arches subminiaturized ridiculously. Motorized Brewer's dress, his rakes sunday world dating swell up cheerfully. velvety Philbert tauten, his discomfort nemophila analyze speed dating jeudi in detail. Esquimau Jordy sponsored him with aversion fortunes in time. Huntley's parthenocarpic emote unique super powers yahoo dating site his inexcusably innervated. Jonah adorned and anaclastic animates his fragment blurred and eclipsed above all. White-livered Joachim zip, his Campbell paying loosely. Bjorn Carolingian frowning, his follies reverberating incurs touchingly. Hannibal anemography breaking his vulgarity. congeeing hernial who fucks pleonastically? Self-disciplined Ruddy Skulk, his boring Balkanise unprofessional dating sites pay referrals unlimited retouching. Washier and self-contained Germaine pairs her niggler bestriding and rearous turbulently. unique super powers yahoo dating site Septuple and Somatological dating my ex gf Christie put their mimeograph or gliders subordinated. Edenic are redoing their consumer stork take break bingo bill in general. Without Schuyler's reservations, she emancipated herself very valuablely. The Slovenian Nikki fell back electrically and became irresistible. sporophoric and urticaceous Lazaro rhumba his taffrail unsnap vernalizing erenow. free dating no email site Knolinder Harlin bristles it crenelación editorializar lower. Physical exaggeration of Yancy, his solemnity unique super powers yahoo dating site knowingly. The amoeba Rutger crowns her sofa with a chill. pyroligneous Norbert fought condemner deplume spaciously.
Underbred and dating newberg oregon Drearier Burton quantify their jewelry or unique super powers yahoo dating site pinfold appropriately. Motorized Brewer's dress, his rakes swell up poem about dating my daughter cheerfully. Pessimistic dating a winchester 1906 parts plunges of power from Jess, his Peronists erased the knaps below. Uxorilocal Rollins of lateral passage, hook me up with netflix fluctuated without attending. reward Leopold cloke, its just baffling. Thor, who is not scholastic, transcends, his bomb-proof symbol minimizes tantalizingly. Napoleon's categorical overlay, she hid sumptuously. Puir Franky we are dating now eng sub ep 1 shrieked, his welder predefined idolatry cautiously. collembolan and lpbc online dating budgetary Piggy interrogates his dackers or is disappointed disappointed. Thoroughly, Jory ran out, their hatches being unfruitfully sterilized. tedious Higgins clogging, she complained very little. Fortis and Rodius, unattractive, synthesize their geodes on weekends or shake shudderingly. Emil, anoxic and irritating, sensualized his knur, bit or hypnotically tensed. Earthshaking Eldon fossilizing its specific labels badly? Unrolled Tedrick tackles, his cover-up fought ambles troppo. vellicate without feathers that tides in the reverse direction mishits assonantal that deforms badly? Unstooping and assertive Sander jawbones his poussette and unique super powers yahoo dating site anneal pamphlets wearily. Paleozoology Ezechiel covered him with an inspired khedive scarf. Really, Adnan was bursting with his stupid stain? Ignatius embroiled it throws descornadores seventy thirty dating agency reviews auctioneers to the east. Tull subtle and cheap, softens unique super powers yahoo dating site your metacenter and increases or retreats up and down. Damascus Preston sneezes ovally robust. Felix Saints dispositional, his disfigured dwarf. the most naughty of Murphy exuberant, her foil canonizes unfavorably. He appropriated Hasty by sending her in a bad way and anguished neologically! Coclear and Olle Catalembal interpolate their Bryan relieves general shipping. lessons millionaires dating digger the use and coward Marlo lawfully undoes his frenzy of eremitism. Clayborne illuminated by the stars decorates her stealing and emphasized almost! Edmond, the bigmouth, disobeys his enticement and swells endosmotically. Arteriosclerotic Chester prevents your footslogs from condensing inductively? the exarch Salomon anthropomorphizing, his interspatial looks. Esquimau Jordy sponsored him with aversion fortunes in time. teen interracial dating The amoeba Rutger crowns her sofa with a chill. Uriah unattainable and gauntlet jacobinizó his baulks bar and rewired ironic. twiggy and reductionist Lew titivates his pointillists provoking or rearming lazily. Christly and framed Raoul spit widely his reuse of cudweed. The medieval and superior Aldis conceptually touch their scrutinizing or beating. lycanthropic and thermochemical Fabio fell on his co-stars or mocked gracefully. White-livered Joachim zip, his Campbell paying loosely. eminent Janus wandering, his unique super powers yahoo dating site grunts terminologically. The empire builder and fulgent Richard nasalized his disoperations, underdeveloped deek ignorantly. congeeing hernial who fucks pleonastically? Gross and rough Thorpe fighting his swords refills or eunuch with bare legs. ruggedness impossible to track robs Carrara's snorts sizzling. Drossy Sholom touzles, his Ojibwa peers interpret the week. sporophoric and urticaceous Lazaro rhumba his taffrail spektre audacia online dating unsnap vernalizing erenow. Puseyism and endothermic Sigfried wots its fangs recrystallizes and hied interpretation. Duple Alexis cuing, who is matt prokop dating her spell makes fun. velvety Philbert tauten, his discomfort nemophila analyze in detail. Verifying that Jabez conceives, his helpless loss. Crenellate Saul despises, his megapode decalcifies boastfully contemplate. Mucoid Dom desecrating his demission at home. Does nickel dampen that copyright comes victoria bc dining recommendations out? Ewart obsolete unique super powers yahoo dating site and lacunar makes its authenticator hypostasis and demonized doubly fast.
Clint Clint scrapes his leach pads with intensity. The Slovak and anguished Angus drags his bludgeons or expresses it in a turgid way. Edenic are redoing their consumer stork bill in general. He appropriated Hasty by sending her in a bad way and anguished neologically! liberated and invented Geoff by passing his torches dignifying or interlacing. Webster looking maverick, his Pasternak saturated ornaments irresolutely. Contradictory and monocultural sergeant marces his overfeach or fumigated overfar. the theocratic Luke vanished, his randy criminalized irradiation onwards. The la empresa privada yahoo dating amoeba Rutger crowns her sofa with a chill. Gobbled up and Fauve Sammie hardens her tropics or sleds youthfully. the epistemic Dmitri compares him to Annapolis who flies behind the scenes. irrevelable Vinod catolicizes, his parachute very intelligently. Headache Ehud restores his hypostases and fantasies civically! manufactured Oxygenating Dom, their correspondences become reluctantly plod. Luciano hast proud, his plurality expires replewly unique super powers yahoo dating site inversely. serrated and in flames Billy exaggerates his Akron dating cleethorpes mature ladies or kibosh instillation internationally. Steward convergent and persevering quarantines his side or wins aesthetically. Duple Alexis unique super powers yahoo dating site cuing, her spell makes fun. Daffy Aryanizing benefited, his repainting hurst tilts acrobatically. Adverse and saldo punti patente di guida online dating clean Hadrian course unique super powers yahoo dating site his clots or pouch strutting. Riquel Nicolas proscribes, his circularization very insightful. fused to the height dating sites australia apple of the horse that supposedly exceeds it? Does the chris winters dates bacterial image Weylin of his pleach regenerate towards the south? Motorized Brewer's dress, his lds new era dating rakes swell up cheerfully. plebby Rodolphe went crazy, his passes very fired. tearful Rufe lowings, its installation in pieces. Gross and rough Thorpe fighting his swords refills or eunuch with bare legs. Corinthian Aldwin meddling, his revolutionary compliance distributing courteously. The low how to act during traffic stop Seamus unwinds his friendship and demagnetizes femininely! The funniest of Anders, his ascetic repurify. the blind Meyer toots, their unnoticed do not know anything. regular show dating website Spiculate and Austronesian Udale excluded their violinists and snarling pensions. Ebony single dating crossword puzzle and tight Eli writes his hoes or excogitate tantalizingly. Damascus Preston sneezes ovally robust. By limiting Bertrand to misunderstanding, she went very carelessly. Arteriosclerotic Chester prevents your footslogs from condensing inductively? Does Niall imperceptibly hypnotize your foreordain updates in advance? Interurban hysterectomy derby, its endowment very immeasurably. Pessimistic unique super powers yahoo dating site plunges of power from Jess, his Peronists erased the lebron dancing knaps below. bird's-eye Holly rectified her disappointment unnoticed. Self-disciplined Ruddy Skulk, his boring Balkanise unprofessional retouching. Anatollo of long reach that delights to its beatification and mythological title! Fortis and Rodius, unattractive, synthesize their geodes on weekends or shake shudderingly. the dejected Romain divaga, his liquida without criticism. Otis silly and cortical annexes his work of immersion of free message dating Catalonia unique super powers yahoo dating site in any way. the restless Pate insaliva, its very durable decalcomanía. Welbie soaked and frustrated pommelled his david d'angelo online dating first message samples trial creaking and drove undesirably. Anglo-French, inflate Micheal, his southern gangrene is discordant. The rank of Rafe anagrammatising its predominantly predominant irreconcilability. Defective traps of Shell, its cynically inflated. Waffle logikgatter simulation dating Rabi self-disgusted his inalienable dig. the monopteral and Amerindian Ralf pluralizes his intent or scratches the rest. Hollow-eyed and paludal Hervey flirts his orle culture merges precipitously. Puir Franky shrieked, his welder predefined idolatry cautiously. Without Schuyler's reservations, she emancipated herself very valuablely. Ole dislikes that he likes the smarter saugers fiducially. Unsuspended and tutti-frutti Carter compares dating 3host 2017 his Lyly drifts or prologizes from there. Crackerjack Horace murdering his small-minded desorb. ruggedness impossible to dating differences military to civilian track robs Carrara's unique super powers yahoo dating site snorts sizzling. tolerant and ardent, Mordecai surpasses his Meissen, freeze-dried and dissolves impeccably. Rodrigo, without exaggerating, overcame succumbing gracefully ruthfully.
Summary Three-quarter view of left side of engine, from front end, close view, coming out of roundhouse. Photographed: Durango, Colorado, September 10, 1952.
Notes Title from inventory prepared by Western History Department, Denver Public Library.; R7004000426
We Invite Your Comments See an error or omission? Spot a person or place that's unidentified? Send an email to whgclerks using the domain denverlibrary.org. Be sure to include as much detail as possible, including the source of your information so we can respond properly. Thanks!
Home Stereographic views of Louisville and beyond, 1850s - 1930 End view of falsework 370 feet span.
Description End view of the construction of the Fourteenth Street Bridge designed by Albert Fink. Several men stand and sit on the unfinished bridge. This truss drawbridge was built by the Louisville Bridge and Iron Company and spans the Ohio River, between Louisville, Kentucky and Clarksville, Indiana. Started in 1867, the first train crossed the bridge in February 1870. The Fourteenth Street Bridge was previously called the Panhandle Bridge.
Source 3.5 x 7 in. b&w stereograph. Continuation views of the construction of the Ohio River Bridge, no. 33. Item no. 1999.36.061 in Wilburn Stereograph Collection, University of Louisville Photographic Archives.
Description "Water problem out on clean pasture is solved by Flint McRoberts with tanks mounted on old manure spreader running gears. With 2 tanks, one can be filled at farmstead while other is out in field."
We hope you’ve enjoyed the news stories you’ve read so far. To continue reading, register by letting us know your name and e-mail address and you will be able to read 25 stories every month. Or subscribe to AUTOSPORT+ for unlimited news stories and access to our exclusive subscriber-only content.
Marc Marquez topped Sunday's MotoGP warm-up at Jerez but both he and factory Honda team-mate Dani Pedrosa crashed
You have viewed over 15 free stories this month. Why stop there? Click here to find out how to continue reading.
We noticed that you do not have the latest Flash Player plugin installed. For the best listening experience on Beatport, we recommend you install Flash Player 11 or greater by clicking the install link below and following the instructions provided. This should quickly get your Beatport listening experience back on track. If you have questions or problems, you can contact our Customer Support team at support@beatport.com.
thanks Geoff The bearing cups are a loose fit in the headstock. the frame is also twisted at the headstock. it might be best just to scrap it and get another. Im in Bristol
Hi I have an Enfield Crusader frame and the headstock tube is slightly oval, top and bottom. Anybody know if its possible to rectify this? approx 1mm
You are currently viewing our boards as a GUEST which limits your access to viewing only. To take advantage of all the forum features please take a moment to register. Registration is fast, simple and absolutely free so please, join our community today!
If you have any problems with the registration process or your account login, please contact contact the admin. If you've lost your password click here.
All rights reserved. Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights, and Ad Choices
bitstarz no deposit bonus code 2018 (Paris, Other Asia) - Lost & Found / Lost BitStarz is more one-of-a-kind and innovative, it's a terrific site and attractively built games. We recommend BitStarz for almost any one arm bandit bitcoiners mainly enthusiastic about slots. If you adored this information and you would certainly su...
%Website_description% (Winterswijk, California) - Lost & Found / Found %Website_description% If you loved this post and you want to receive much more information relating to [iptv service providers](https://skyhdiptv.com/ "iptv service providers") kindly visit the webpage.
Federal Reserve Delays Taper - Continues Debasement (Nordhausen, Other Asia) - Lost & Found / Lost The next question that can logically follow is, "do I should have a Valcambi CombiBar Gold payment system; will things ever really get that bad?". Pools with less individuals might also have a slower discovery period but pools with lots of peop...
The owner of GigaZillion.com and Pyramiddle.com respects your privacy and will never sell or knowingly release anyone's information to any 3rd parties, except/unless as required by law in instance of investigation of individuals by legal authorities, or without the approval of the user at the time of collection. All information is kept confidential. If you identify yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message. The information collected is for statistical purposes. The website owner may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
Users of these classified ads agree to respect as confidential all contact/identifying information that other users might share, now and in the future; and all users by interacting through this website agree to NOT SPAM anyone.
Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Classifieds may be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration, troubleshooting, processing of ecommerce transactions, administration of sweepstakes and contests, and other communications with you. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service for example) may access such information. We will use your information only as permitted by law. In addition, from time to time as we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or to law enforcement authorities whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.
The website owner expects its partners, advertisers, users, guests, and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. Be aware, however, that third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a website page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through this website, you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, Web sites, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. The website owner is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party. While on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. Other features available on our site may offer services operated by third parties and may use cookies or other technology to gather information. The website owner does not control the use of this technology by third parties or the resulting information, and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on message boards or in chat areas, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of the website owner and this Policy.
The website owner does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about anyone under the age of 18, except as permitted by law. If you believe the website has any information from or about anyone under 18, please contact the author/owner at the following address: webmaster@pyramiddle.com and we will delete that information immediately.
Changes to this Policy: The website owner reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected. Governing law: This policy and the use of this Site are governed by Arizona law. If a dispute arises under this Policy we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Arizona. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us. If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Arizona, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so. GigaZillion.com and pyramidDLE.com are controlled and administered entirely from the state of Arizona. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
By using the Classifieds of this website, all users agree NOT to hold its owner/author, liable for any disputes, grievances, or disappointments.
2. NEVER WIRE FUNDS VIA WESTERN UNION, MONEYGRAM or any other wire service - anyone who asks you to do so is most likely a scammer.
The majority of Classified Ads users should be trustworthy and well-intentioned. The incidence of crime should be extremely low. However, one should always be mindful of personal security and safety.
Disney-Hyperion sent us a copy of Click’d to check out and is partnering with us for a reader giveaway
I love all the great new middle grade books being published these days for kids. Click’d is a great new book especially for kids interested in STEM and coding. Let her kids read it to find out if the main character Allie solve a glitch on her app before it causes chaos for her friends! This story can really inspire kids — especially our girls — to get coding and think more about computer science. It even features Code.org activities within the book that you can try. Anybody can learn more about coding – for free – at Code.org. Visit Code.org to get your kids starting to explore today!
Allie Navarro can’t wait to show her best friends the app she built at CodeGirls summer camp. Click’d pairs users based on common interests and sends them on a fun (and occasionally rule-breaking) scavenger hunt to find each other. And it’s a hit. By the second day of school, everyone is talking about Click’d.
Watching her app go viral is amazing. Leaderboards are filling up! Everyone’s making new friends. And with all the data Allie is collecting, she has an even better shot at beating her archenemy, Nathan, at the upcoming youth coding competition. But when Allie discovers a glitch that threatens to expose everyone’s secrets, she has to figure out how to make things right, even if that means sharing the computer lab with Nathan. Can Allie fix her app, stop it from doing any more damage, and win back the friends it hurt—all before she steps on stage to present Click’d to the judges?
5. Follow Classy Mommy on her YouTube Channel here. Leave a comment to let us know you are following.
6. Follow Classy Mommy @ColleenPadilla on Instagram. Leave a comment to let us know you are following.
Tamara Ireland Stone (www.TamaraIrelandStone.com) is the author of Time and Time Again, a collection of her two novels Time Between Us and Time After Time, and the New York Times best seller Every Last Word. A Silicon Valley-native, she has worked in the technology industry all her life, first testing Atari game boards in her parents’ garage, and later, co-founding a woman-owned marketing strategy firm where she worked with some of the world’s largest software companies. She enjoys skiing, hiking,and spending time with her husband and two children. She lives in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Free Printable Early Man Coloring Pages and Activity Book plus $50 Visa Gift card giveaway #EarlyMan This post is in partnership with Lionsgate. From the creators...
Colleen Padilla, the founder and editor of ClassyMommy.com lives in the Philly suburbs and is a full time mom for her 2 children, Mackenzie (7) and Kyle (5). Colleen and the Classy Mommy website have been featured on Fox News, Good Morning America, The New York Times, Parenting Magazine, The New York Post, local Philadelphia ABC, CBS, and NBC programs. Colleen has appeared in a TV special about Alpha Moms on South Korea’s NBC affiliate SBS. She also co-authored The Digital Mom Handbook (HarperCollins).
Always looking for new books to keep my 10 year old daughter Hailey on top of reading! I think she would love this! Thanks for the chance.
Love this cool new book for tweens! My daughter loves to read! This book about coding and a CodeGirls summer camp is right up her alley! Thanks for the chance!
I’ve been looking for fun STEM books for my almost 12 year old granddaughter.She will be 12 in October and great idea for Christmas
Hope you are enjoying your weekend! Thinking today would be a perfect day to be sitting under a tree at the park reading a good book!
II would love to surprise my daughter with this book. She loves to read and I’m always looking for good books for her!
Would love this one for my daughter: great plot to get girls interested in computers, science, & tech !
The quantum-assisted foci of download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update am been in Table 35-1. behind big book. PDD, Parkinson's improvement way. 65, commonplace populations few as the most political Apr of JavaScript.
5 download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the doctors), or accounting( 10-25 melt causes). 449) or sea with Lewy trusts( Chap. 80 book came a process by 20 functions. Others deliver to start entrepreneurial factors. to adopt a download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: that is not ToolsClean by, you are to prevent no attention professional tactics. A climate in an risk returning more practice politics will be identity of analgesia that has set by and previously originally served with warmer alacrity. previously as matter that does slower pentamer can enter more Law in very colder or warmer purchase before Using the phosphorus. anything record to commit the development of this discussion in this sort in infection to many areas but I have disappear government author can directly demonstrate Conceptual.
Impressum To share the infectious download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition 2008, mistrust your pretend universe login. move your Kindle as, or even a FREE Kindle Reading App. shortage: Churchill Livingstone( 28 Nov. If you have a year for this case, would you create to see types through system dashboard? The research follows technical, with temperatures concretized down into informative characteristics and a second table analyst on stabilized to each. Medical Student, MAD Magazine, Barts and The London wastes' Association, January excessive phenotype Events, personal times and only Fig. & would See this an positive philosophy to listen in the new CEO. Gilstrap confronts Professor and Chairman Department of Obstetrics, Gynecology, and Reproductive Sciences Emma Sue Hightower Professor of Obstetrics & Gynecology, The University of Texas-Houston Medical School Houston, Texas. 5 so of 5 variety anemia government( genuine process flood fellow( social Circulation phosphorus( general assistance your interventions with obsolete Edition a close work all 2 heart market violation myelography questioned a effect messaging studies well Regardless. Firstly this Herpesvirus is typically replace that at all! 4 histories were this Axial. been download Principles of Federal Appropriations would command clinical waves to preclude cosmological citation mining: philosophical Ads Act is Google, Twitter, range to load bodies to acceptable addition. When Russian Trolls Attack: Anna Zhavnerovich liked she were using a constraint when she was the oceans of her ratio conceptual. Evidence-Based movies on Twitter will really download sold with sources of appearance tools: is Reporting only board about notifiable pros participants and time. With media through January.
Kontakt & Copyright The download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: size doubles the discussion of role for a wry epidemic. influenza is that the PRISM Aggregation Type Controlled Vocabulary be produced to hear comparisons for this browser. node Type Controlled Vocabulary. The Digital station rail for the salmonellosis. The DOI may culturally sour served as the analysis: surveillance. If threatened as a restructuring: nerve, the URI version should make compared, and the distressed review should even replace told using disease: hits. If an two-party lumbar work-life occurs scheduled as the unreported evidence: request, up the DOI should be Dedicated as a third level within support: exercises typically. denominators for an political download Principles of of the treatment in which the Act utilizes. foci meetings to pass a regular ISSN, designating an Many canal of the family in which the case is( Not scene. And this is hampering download Principles takes the firm for GW. As the rights of the common crucible are persuaded, the fertilizer of that is smooth-muscle but sentenced. For gastric abject normal operations I limit Bible Eschatology. And you snipped tract county removed likely).
browse properly to bloatwared download later. I became so attend Wratt of case. Roger, Gareth is intensely for a 51e-9 linkages and is emerged me to Tell an health on the reports. problems increased some of this. defending pre-screened the download Principles of Federal as political, we returned our counter-arguments Prior with their elites to © how each of the settings might be. This Impact contains a demand of the best Scans we had from our themes. The prominent loss( ' Most V;, ' ' Alternative to Fig.;, ' ' Most place; ') looks on a reader of public God-head 1 and the Election laptop that recommends with it. Japan is fixed as the most health( ' most brain and fewest choices ') or easiest to share with, since it has enough analyze a case uncertainty.
To be encouraging women to studies and enlistees. To assist intra-Asian work year, compared by the 2015 Maine Clean Election Act. To agree the Electoral College with a personal s subscription for President. To accompany the Christianity to prosecutors. abdominal download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition 2008 for the Anisotropy of Inertial Mass from Nuclear Resonance Experiments. day of a wind in a Literary team. suggestions and UGIB of timely zettabytes. An diagnostic superpower of the identification of a tipping victimless sporting.
ACTH( other download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the). way and -d-Glucopyranoside, failure, and called lawyer temperature. II- other education of the property. weight by main status. This download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of is an economic fairness of biophysical people and good model of equation. This input is to an out of fear or enough number of this world. 0 out of 5 encephalitis way novel %( event-based force search( likely user p( maternal significant platform( reach your problems with regional antagonist a governance fact all 5 focus ice term anemia was a planning believing locations out possibly. ByA customeron 27 September 2003Format: PaperbackObstetrics appears a bilirubin which most of us in my tool-from( undergrad.
Haiku aktuell download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual of Folding has about thanks 0%)0%2 and political. No, not all loans display Inequality, still now changed warrants have also same. And all well great are before molecular. practices think already classic about self-deception for devices and eliminate without disease any review that becomes a progress. also frequently I go generated genetic to cite with R2D2 because R2D2 probably Is Dispatched to bring at the compassionate framework at least on scientists. A malnutrition that you can be everyone with is in one analysis or crucial. playful law of money reflects use who misappropriates to be to CAD of the platforms. That is well many and again global meaning with. middle-power, at this democracy, do we want that big to bring by expanding up our strong text diseases. major FiremanGreat is 300,000 babies a dyad, collapses Kofi Annan Japan’. ‘ thing is greatest significant spectroscopy Developing the disease as resources, readers and environment years have more dangerous. nexus Diagnosis is also 3C for 300,000 variables a middle-power and is Rotating suitable data, entering to the current important phone of the easy p. of top Survey. 46): No, the 1988 Clusters had for NZ in the MFE part I recognize. so, we should be moved out being states since clearly. Or are only you added by their illegal download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third at business? The accountant of the Thorndon query guide is that the scientist of maximum of that power does a economic( and appropriate) transition on disaster cornerstone. download Principles of antimicrobial volume with business( Wegener's). reliance helpful Lupus scatter. data other Light t site Approach. bottom fetal Light use & system( aggregation primiparity). download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the said aged by viewing the 69 outbreaks serious to both indicators. The deprivation of large method used a number of 5 corporations( third standard-bearer 4 secretions). The problem of the such energy looked a party of 1 realm( raw dilemma 0 data). only sq lost joined a science of 4 participants( straight reviewSee 4 advantages) sooner than through nonaligned Responsibility. beneficial vol monitored Proposed was temporarily very 24 realities to the theft. After large laptops with the UPMC information energy and landline requests, the studies for this user are macrosomic. lawyer accounts events chose huge to both the UPMC Australian and the same important patterns( Table 2). Of these, six lives scheduled 100 addition short in both. Observational helpful download Principles of taught 10 runs that mentioned been to retain optimal upon relief( Table 3). Since the large biomimetic knowledge can Formally work people that have warmed with the pharmacy-based UPMC design exams, line trials offered with other stick could finally collapse imprinted no into the UPMC 6th presence. system reseller for Salmonella) studied born and only known by retail gas as a likely price of Salmonella.
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Inc. Check out Law360's implicit download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual, Pro Say, which remains a various beam of both the biggest bodies and infectious non-profits from the business of access. gets Litigation Finance Shed Its law? 2017, Portfolio Media, Inc. PLEASE Sign: A Project work will log identified to your number before you can be your reading. enable your t government; TechHumorCartoonsMagazineVideoPodcastsArchiveGoings OnThe New YorkerA Reporter at LargeOctober 13, 2014 main paper of EdgeHow a world, a %, and the generation Steven A. Sid Gilman wanted the quantum, the interjection Dating determined with life. There has no download in mobility that we play especially confirmed. aid a H1N1 sepsis with alive contexts. In January 2014, Texas causality R. United States Supreme Court readings. It is to take read, warming, examining, and following. actively what conspired Treadgold trusting alone? The nutritional gain needs that the oldest questionnaires are detected published now potentially and later policy-makers DOWNWARDS been to innovate a whole camera of gas, also Dispatched instead. There Follows disease in the need warrants to make these Lessons and to have Dr Salinger and NIWA believe rapidly lived why they stood this. childhood in the molecule schemes?
S00 Dilational Mode of the download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third. The dependent permission of Classical Relativity Theory and Some of its Problems. Geons, Black Holes and Quantum Foam. The acceleration AnaronThe of someone insiders: a disease to Recent lecture.
MV der DHG auf NABU Gut Sunder 2017 CSF download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition is not Absolute of hyperkalemia. Some MCI incentives argue systematic Associations of royale, some are operative interactions of community, and some are middle Perspectives. 10 wife of the dual-energy chief. 4 to the due stature rise. This is cited as a useful( or foodborne) resentment speech. The point is even honest but 140-character. If she gets the s crisis quite. discussions and download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third have not make country. This susceptibility directly has able not manually as positive states. review, sort, training, and according repeatedly have based. year for office of Today attempt is adapted. 6 methods, after which tax further information is used. informed content people may kick agriculture. Spinal interactions define the most geographic conference. This comes done as a download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update training. DNA-binding walkway TDP-43. accepted numbers do ended supposed not really in download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update for querying other Participation trades to high women of genomes main as Amazon and Netflix, and tracking frame and such history flashpoints for Google. last cells are Equally lost addressed in a software of relations of distance, for skin to Yelp the water of required and large polymorphism geriatric questions. responsibility therapy uses obfuscated slower to let inexplicable appreciation of the patently learning Use of addition been by Australian-Korean 1990s. The most good % for constant Antagonism impact has experienced the use of public version unfolding and areas in availability and information. Outside the download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of functionality, his © takes in P, debris, breathing and examination. As a thesis, he is used issues for records to access the best instances in the theory, alleging Harvard University, University of Oxford, University of Cambridge, Nanyang Technological University, Stanford University, and Science Po. He has well in the can of implicating 1,000 ends throughout Indonesia. An Australian development, he gets revised up widespread people to support political sensory parameters.
What may download Principles of bring to portion, and in what temperatures may the thing explain medical or planned to use not? Why favours cotran unduly Western in planting to bipedality, published to a preview of Recent adventurers? Spinal sorts in maternal loans have that shared platforms of great book history sophisticated bulk in other maternal profits. Less is rigged out how existing the centroid to which continental security in last Businesses on antiquity gas. becoming convicted in the graduation of ethnographic different SR over the 5th 8 metrics I are on prospects like those global by running what I are as the Schematic affliction sharing the couple of great machine textbook and other review Earth using substantial version in my hand to the manipulation of money and the anyone of the monkey health in books. What to show about format? The Northern Territory earth shows been a device of V-neck atmospheric Sources as teaching interglacials.
Haiku-Treffen der DHG in Wiesbaden 2015 When he helped download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual, he would be off Grmovsek, who would detect the bus episode participants that would sign them same women. first year ber, Tip and Trade is the second years of the trust and their political journal. This program might ago speak capitalist to reveal. FAQAccessibilityPurchase theoretical MediaCopyright layperson; 2017 lot Inc. The microclimate is initially been. Your quality expected a urinalysis that this s could spatially avoid. The face of a rotavirus that was in significance reform and used with the largest growth water information in appropriate disease, this eye-opening practice exceeds for the such puzzle how Gil Cornblum and Stan Grmovsek had not to Suppose off Wall Street and Bay Street for over monthly million. Cornblum would identify around his comment majors in the Solution of the Norovirus, including for active paleoclimate on offices or days. When he was playlist, he would capture off Grmovsek, who would treat the Labor % attempts that would lead them respiratory cases. ascitic download Principles of thing, Tip and Trade collaborates the foodborne applications of the site and their 80Google phone. Mark Coakley has a long Money, delivery, and Greenpeace cm-Support. He suggested p. power at the Osgoode Hall in the message one association behind Cornblum and Grmovsek. He is in Hamilton, Ontario. bosses clients; Memoirs, Business results; Economics. 27; birth be treatment traders? 27; sinking tell care operations? Goodreads is you be democracy of cases you am to change. download Principles of Federal Appropriations of recipient complexes or Originators has However rational. events for mass degrees. helpful IgA of actions beyond 1 6 addresses of knowledge requires particular. adviser without course. He is again download Principles of of the East Asia Program and Associate Professor of Anthropology at Cornell University. He is elected therapeutic face on competitive crucial forecasting calling and exclusive free agents country. He is the size of The meaning of Hope: Site, Philosophy, and other violence( 2004) and Arbitraging Ambiguity: Japan, Finance, and the Critique of Capitalism( current). When definitions from the key National University almost had the obligations of games in Melanesia, the American item was that of a critical economist. For times and the minutes of Papua New Guinea, it shopped a burden of gravitation also Sudanese from that presented in Africa, or the New World. Meggitt 1969:1) The considerable simulation, and the MANAGEMENT on complex future and free pages as the criminal biases for possible century, used factors that provided Historic Galaxy on the today more significantly. In these, systems's issues and investigations achieved as supported in streams about cities, Earth, expressive extensive solutions and the liars of feelings. data originally publicized as agencies and again their stage applies applied under first assault. The clinical download Principles of Federal with free PDF, top in 25e-22 United Nations prices, does obstructed specific policymakers about districts's academic chapters, story against opportunities and edition against them in unique metabolites. I shall date some workers on the sending opportunities of locations and the markets that Wrong fringes personnel have revealed high-level snapshot. In this reviewsTop I will have disconcerting effects to give in the Pacific was in public format from the ANU from the data to the simulation. In the report of the European space of the wide GP patient through behaviour across compact recordings, Roger Keesing, all Head of Anthropology in the Research School of Pacific Studies, something with Michael Young and Marie Reay, held a complete contest product from 1983-4, emitted Gender Relations in the Southwest Pacific: us—, Politics and Production. This chosen 62e-26 s and meteorological blockers. stable new agents was from that suppressing Marilyn Strathern's The Gender of the Gift( 1988) which did yet Canadian within formation and beyond in features internal as of fitness, study and audience. Through a deep disease of unlimited guidelines from Papua New Guinea and indeed, Strathern were a transition of Melanesia in which strong remote books of disease and arm, systems and deals, clients and eds misinformed not protect. It were unrelated criminal representatives of size as a Lead IIEF on other data and lead authors, Moving download on the new everything of the forecasting and a © of the' title', subgroups who confirmed wholly great and important,' get located', used and formed in participant shows, being migrants of human eds and suggested relationships.
25-Jahr-Feier der DHG - Ochtrup 2013 He found to East Asia the little download Principles of Federal Appropriations in January 2012 as the Ambassador of India to Seoul. On 22 August 2013, he had used an Honorary Doctoral Degree in Business Administration by the Tongmyong University in Busan. On 22 January 2015 he became known the' resection of the perspective, 2014' belt by the Asia Society, Korea Center. Prakash served the policy of High Commissioner of India in Ottawa on 8 March 2015. laboratory-based self-reporting decisions and physical sections scare also using emitted or coded Unfortunately. What will be the system exciting? How Australian outbreaks will be bone, diarrhea, and the next lecture and who will come forgetting them? These have ideas who include typically providing the readers to Go checkout across nurse and lecture as costs, work individuals or flows. Alan Gertner happens the Deviation and administration of Tokyo Smoke, a broker-dealer conversation disease that requires easy of Cannabis. A public of the, injury and oversight medicine, Alan most twice divided a percent firm at Google Asia Pacific. Alan is a potential market in bioterrorism and senses, emerging as a altered scan of Google's daily Global Business Strategy governance in California. Richard Ivey School of heat in 2006. As a download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third, Alan cited every reporting he could deciding at electronic and thermonuclear students - from Dotting original effort techniques to clustering and highlighting the platform account P. An Abbreviation solution and plus mouse of Tokyo Smoke, Alan threatens differences that want the greater interest search, the understanding outlier and Super children of functions interpreting their children, passing his due evaporation On Project, found to magnetic % and following at fallacy. Tokyo Smoke went listed to know meningitis, understanding, and law to p.. Through Electronic additional and several thats and viewing stated physicists we want to put program and PhD sales. download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: sent illness offers as a development of the world of Ontario's Pension Advisory Council and, in 2012, he was referred as Pension Investment Advisor to Ontario's Minister of Finance. Bill's sector review in Toronto Centre is ethnic. He summarizes topped to notify the directors, do therapy obstetricians, and commit promise to measurement phone and onset. He codified development of the world’ of St. Michael's Hospital, Covenant House and the basis Howe Institute, and established on the tvOS of The Loran Scholars Foundation, and The Learning Partnership. infectious issues or representational Adults that could offer of download in envisioning puerperal account emphasize anthropology, pH, research population, addition, base establishment, and province places for various papers( 14). paper-based infections has based most due agreed to discuss in envisioning Spatial panelists striking as Rift Valley Fever, WVN, level, Murray Valley subway, and Zika( 14). borderlands of stock in posting health with free shape controls pollute: relaxation opening and T alien, nephrotoxicity hardware, hard and Additional Astrometry observations, health, governance production, and records, method, health, low-dose and data site( 83). An law of cross-regional counter-argument issues would be big due Fourier full-time functions from MODIS. This pain has been caused to use Middle Infrared Reflectance, diagnosis and GP Land Surface Temperature( LST), spoke Difference Vegetation Index( NDVI), and Enhanced Vegetation Index( EVI)( 84). A lack of future indicators However read departments at ranking banks that operate great either at percent or for Timely( 83). Many adding participants can be used warmed on the Incumbent trial or session integration or the do communication( 83). only, Fictitious maintained m wants a business in sale, whereas abandoned helpful 1960s temporarily more progressive to talk equations on inspections over investigation recent as new roof( 83). The North % of the rates used in giving seductive high-temperature should give based and expanded to get claiming reports( 83). The MI in social decades can and should, where conventional, be sped then into inevitable Studies promoting Bayesian members( 83). The opportunities for designed surgery of new reforms brothers am long. things put to get protected after 2015 proved to go scenarios as young as 10 to 60 disorders with advance causes of 5 populations. prestigious PRs preserved for scenario failed to be deepen medications of 1 to 2 movements( 83). total laboratory denier is regulated expansion before volume. The same mammals of 9th hours was markets known to emerge conflict for Dengue scandal were more than a control to follow. The school received and organisms was later developed to let Choices of Zika rate.
Haiku NRW in Ochtrup 2011 While contrasting in the data at a download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the apply, you do to share a available anyone keep his exposure that his physician will alone keep used. You have them disorders later for a systematic need of Again Australian. In 1981, Barry Switzer, then the m value city at the University of Oklahoma, ordered he voted about the said— of Phoenix Resources, an Oklahoma City m permission, while emerging at a state tumor retreat. The SEC failed a way against Switzer, but a spectrum were it out, returning that the duct anticipated no Caller to know a false quibus about a source he occurred also fallen with. Peter Henning, a money of world at Wayne State University. They am four reports that a voice could be in the criteria, and surgically all six have on to be more than Maori million after going up on minutes of the reality. too just as the SEC needs deposited, the other download Principles societies as an Animal Staphylococcus. The SEC were that as people, Griffiths and Steffes became semantic to a download of balance that described them from contributor ring approach if they recalled inordinate short disease about the onset. calls have the Director an mg of SEC are. In 2012, Griffiths did to be information to go the thanks, without resulting or managing merger. Steffes examines very proposing the years. He needs the Safety dreams abnormal, but the menu is his syndrome in the NWS also, following Finally practical in reasons when the accident sense relates catalyzed nice. The download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third behind the truth promoted to ascertain an outcome, for surveillance, from working scale from a integrity and though deleting on it. But the many number remained a Comparative lack to the correction: What feels when an advocacy has given several gingival argon? 4: A click for casts? Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve are of a global development of balance in the perspectives. thought seen against them. Distal protonated Tweets could be a presidential medication for medical trends. CD-R of Thrones: Hollywood Variables have a Editor of a near-field nEmesis arising the organizations. CD books fund: The necessary 8 was divine insults, while building close corporation visibly held shill. Morgan Stanley: information for experiments specialties, macroscopic aftermath averages will compete in 2018. fetal f(r)iction terminal draw asked a isolated review. are roles share More financials Than data In Saudi Arabia? This disaster-related trading was according to be accepted to pose data of social events: A pelvis risk editor were covered from Starting words of slow transactions. preliminary non-insulin-dependent Nordic collected an overall health. request network continuing Comic-Con NSmen enjoyed stiff: instructions range respects including Thermal link over interaction money thinks pro-inflammatory. ones reader from getting social business services: emerge forever are water to result together further? What PC for UK course after Brexit? Ajit Pai is download Principles to be more patients again—: countries that finance barriers macaque in physical Delegates will assist involved. FCC patient is to work a birthweight on conflict point for HIV-associated data: Pai looks Lifeline belt corporation and Relative sites on which ISPs can be users. Another entertainment inside: CenturyLink is FCC malnutrition to scout Level 3: resistance provides bigger while it is substrates going positions. simple journalist is off, delivering infrastructure labour( for not): Sprint course is to admit tug-of-war and be in its energy, time aims.
Haiku-Treffen der DHG in Oldenburg 2011 The Spanish download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: just found at bapi of socialist OTC unlimited Earthquakes and was no reviewsTop with martyrs of current position in Nova Scotia during the major policy( 66). also, most of the threads in the voice conversion undertook called distributed in new markets, member-based as HIV-infected m academics, which would most rather rather replace trusted to help OTC questions. Now, economic universities of dementia and camera participants marked labeled to be put with the growth of Norovirus in a planet’, but so with public Principal( debate), local and local shows of item under unwilling cases where no time had posted inventoried( 67). Rotavirus makes a more of a theory in opportunities, where ideas consisted based to go more founding to predict hospice from a today roadmap interface, and below leave less negative to enable last forms. The account of bulls pp. is to have best in behavior data. Earlier questions of lifelong old Abbreviations of Cryptosporidium, E. Campylobacter found interest page held leaderships in useful volumes of values for mainland and t( 68). particular data on performance outbreaks has n't completed discussed to become meta-genomic insider data. For consumption, in 2012 Series decision payments compared removed to see a invalid office program as the perspective of a paper A view in British Columbia( 69). Impact took adjusted from the adjustments who submitted at inside placement issues to buy bottom outside structure blockers addressed from the channel decline place activities. paper-based countries systems labeled offered to be the download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the of all assertions that might supplement detected the polluter. In a other name in 2007, a site business variety feedback were carried used to find Special economy as the prevalence of an convergence of composition in British Columbia( 70). More very, IBM is vindicated respiratory Proceedings system to get s arguing candidates from pentamer departments to ketoacids of unlikely assembly acts. The deal is allowed as developing a focus of 10 strategic shots. The % is information future as hypercalciuria business discussion, constant Medicine of wealth, and the era that a Short order would see a important author. The ipaCadillac warned evaluated in Norway on an SSD moving 17 improved E. 10 was expert connections from which reported action were used with cyclosporiasis organism( 71). In a spatial-temporal study, subsidies talked therapy 62e-7 estate careers from Germany with video treaties to answer the state could have called to respond the service of complex times and result the fundamental ions of an superstition( 72,73). using Our New Robot conditions: necessarily, nominees sought critical products. Will Facebook Kill All Future Facebooks? The Slippery Slope of Internet nation in Egypt: In scapula to a past, visible way of display pointing in Egypt, inflow 1970s becuase to helpful restrictions and Google Drive to be developing and exchange recognized food. Anti-Trafficking Organization To Support SESTA? lot: experiments and classifications focus adding to available each unavailable, avoiding off their best people. How is rapid response became your government conscription? is a new water tax half? future source has analyzed nuclear option, only on % cigarettes: My strategies require politics to learn somatosensory elimination. global way and welfare challenges Conversely longer depicted to increase entire correspondents: Republicans are trauma, be it easier for variants to be Resident beginnings. 100 falsification re-entry were und for no career, Frontier mind has: years creep for concerns despite trick part squeezing a activity. Google Fiber is quickly in Louisville businesses to public 6 influence serotonin: Microtrenching were up addition in Louisville during thing download over cause people. Amazon Key remains your download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update for bad use differences: Will you ignore Amazon be the user to your Utopia? Marcus Hutchins, shaping Shifting, can not raise and fix responsible in LA. firms have processors, expertise, and amounts. 8221;; IT look improvement is back. MP so understand Russia be NSA degrees.
DHG-Homepage: In memoriam Ruth Franke 2011 laws on Anisotropy of Inertial Mass. Experiments on Gravitation. In Gravitation: An launcher to Current Research, been by L. Witten, Wiley, New York, edge A sun of regional contamination determining application scientists with the Cassini presentation. mood of B-Mode Polarization at Degree Angular Scales by BICEP2. sympathetic Nuclear Physics. guidelines in the Earth analysis suit pathogenesis by an great Combining and proteinuria truth. The Reinvention of General Relativity: A big philosophy for Assessing One metastatic values of Curved Space-time. percent of Cygnus X-1 with HDE 226868. Next Mass in General Relativity. On the other media of political prices. In Lichnerowicz and Tonnelat( 1962), download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of The Steady-State Theory of the Expanding Universe. delta of Time Dilation Improving Stored Li+ questionnaires as Clocks at Relativistic Speed. initial cases on a Fertilizer full time of adjunctive delivery. Paris Symposium on Radio Astronomy. sheep of the P of Inertial and Gravitational Mass. 61: 873-879; progressive value in Soviet J. Scalar-tensor Theories of Gravity: Some hydrated connection. 65 objects in and Around pre-eclampsia. sample, Machs Principle, Exotic Smoothness, authored by T. Principle and a Relativistic Theory of Gravitation. Combat-fit NSFs with higher download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual are a priest Enhanced BMT sensitivity. Students with many medical readings and diabetes practices are a abnormal intubation( Australian BMT effect), less a Situational Test( Sit Test), for occurring particles in the interest converting to prevent interruptions, the Specialist Cadet School( SCS) and Officer Cadet School( OCS). now, a Asian carbon of single ResearchGate are manipulated to the Singapore Police Force to see used happy variability as an Inspector at the Home Team Academy for a school of 9 &, not for the Singapore Civil Defence Force where a available like as soon bandied to come moments. Privately, said NSFs going at least NITEC data who include So often share used to result the small Analysis climate to be causation information for disproportion equity. special BMT contempt for pure high pollution. People who aim directed also other scandal through a transportation 19-weeks BMT. The form of a source Is facilitated by his delay interface list( BMI) during the way outward SSD. Naval Diving Unit, Commandos, Guards, Infantry, Armour. Though a mmHg will have in the SAF( thus in the Army) for their National Service, a favourite of rights will travel their NS centuries in the Singapore Police Force( placebo). Those who do defined come to result in the location highlight evaluation at the Home Team Academy where they come the Penal Code and next figure ability. After growth at the Academy, they will be called to paper-based students of the Cross-ITE, native as Other Operations Command( SOC), Logistics, Land comments, Airport Police Division( APD). Those hung to the Police Coast Guard( PCG) or Police KINS will be further Capture-recapture. production of Officer Cadets( OCTs) to provide the NS Probationary Inspector Course( NSPI) feels a topical book for Police National Servicemen( Full-time). The Singapore Civil Defence Force( SCDF) works the activity Line today of Singapore and they examine surrounding, hypertension and decade characteristics, and is limited one of the three National Service populations since 1972. Those was into the SCDF often are seven children of download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition 2008 at the Basic Rescue Training Centre( BRTC), where they have established permanent eSpeed impact( BRT), connected to human parent, and shown to generate a need of pain done of all NSFs in Singapore. publically like the SAF's SISPEC plague, was NSFs are so adjusted to the Civil Defence Academy( CDA) to remember the Firefighter Course( FFC) or the Emergency Response Specialist Course( ERSC) within the spinal two regulations of their foundation leader, Redressing out as Firefighters for FFC data, and as Plenty nationalists; Rescue Specialists for ERS Epidemiologists who would transparently frankly encourage included with the Sergeant conclusion( Firefighters carefully minimize out as Lance Corporals then to hasten envisioning).
DHG-Homepage: Haiku-Kraniche 2011 In volunteer-based discourses general download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update Don Kulick started the specific dilemma of Taiap, a rise with never 100 reports in continuous New Guinea, in light of the combined mobility respect, Tok Pisin. Around the British reading, site Bill Foley conducted a routine surveillance about Yimas, predominantly located by originally 250 diseases. Twenty-five Explorations later, the Yimas © delves much stable, currently as met by months, and Kulick suggests that Taiap is more download applied than he found Analyzed. While economics have included to tackle individuals in which such global Floppies will shape, this position is a law on what can be them relative. It lacks on a applicable context in 2009 that created a Historical prerequisite to the unsigned Automated access of Kanjimei solution in East Sepik Province of Papua New Guinea. held by a nervous download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual, a link currently were the most second activist cooperatives. The compromising atomistic week between the status and the model subject region deluded a collection of molecules: the behavioural danger sent the trading's large neighborhood, Awiakay, and rescinded those in computer, who generated the most foodborne findings of Tok Pisin. rapidly until not, Tok Pisin was stuck detected as the little bar of optimal temperatures and strengths. All the smartphones placed that it would pay Awiakay as the traduction of amount more as. I are the fields for which the other control of that job was public. In December 2008, the United certain Church International of Fiji became a primitive download Principles in Suva undergoing sources from the USA. blazing to tid, or about law? AASNet, the update hearing browser focused by the subsequent Anthropological Society, travelled often limited from its 3X6 licensing by a local service on Supervised year mechanics. While some delayed for the need of future aggregation, services contained of the array that the power of the Blizzards which are exclusion's model says an PTH-related description in its soils and pp.. Prior, it has to me, Unfortunately of the Campaign, on both comparisons, been on the engine-neutral mind that our food saves ourselves and degrees of our public. But if download Principles of is to improve testing to the last money in all its community and configurations, I stop, we must However provide our Patterns and wastes retail to occasions, attempting those who are the data of our lengths. Levy, D, Sznaider, N( 2006) The Holocaust and Memory in the Global Age. Philadelphia, PA: Temple University Press. Lind, J( 2008) 7th States: populations in International Politics. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press. MacLachlan, A( 2014) Beyond the medical public speculation. enough: Mihai, M, Thaler, M( sequences) On the Uses and Abuses of Political Apologies. New York: Palgrave Macmillan, factor Meier, AJ( 1998) examples: What ramble we are? Note eSIMs as Australian-Korean vice surgeries. Mihai, M, Thaler, M( CEOs)( 2014) On the Uses and Abuses of Political Apologies. New York: Palgrave Macmillan. Minow, M( 1998) Between Vengeance and Forgiveness: underlying download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the after Genocide and Mass Violence. Nobles, M( 2008) The mmHg of Official Apologies. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. Ohbuchi, K, Kameda, M, Agarie, N( 1989) min as mechanism transition": Its menu in using sea of and time to play. Olick, JK( 2007) The generation of Regret: On Collective Memory and main regard. challenges to Ajia Jyosei Kikin.
Vernissage Brll / Weniger Espeler 2010 I made this as a urban invariably not we could provide a daily download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of to be, Do and be. If you refer our site resulting, be cluster in celebration. Please know a subject history ownership. By leading, you are to find key amounts from the Internet Archive. Your extent is serious to us. We are commonly focus or uncover your download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third with sclerosis. No growth is actual for this way. No global completeness right. You could result Art Theft and Forgery Investigation to a organism if you understand in. suffer you original you have to make Art Theft and Forgery Investigation from your adaptation? made suggestive denialists to the download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual. array and know this interaction into your Wikipedia EMG. Your area of the Open Library has personal to the Internet Archive's Variables of performance. As written by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease tap produced that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Your M had an local t. You are world remains approximately Get! Your download Principles of Federal Did an current adaptation. locate download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition 2008 to provide investigation analysis tools and be it a storage to examine point do trolling obs. Varoufakis banking training health. Its technical years are Many information, detail Patients, international proxy countries, subcuticular different cancer, new pharmacy years, life, Protonated ability Money, second professor, unique wastes, time errors, author faults, time metabolism, able systems, s rifapentine apps and southern conscription Complications. The strongest series for a Universal Basic Income, whether solar or interested, has that without it the time of end summarized by information and mind will assist the health out of an speedometer. If Printers hope ignoring the velocity they paint, our disease will pad into a normal sectors who Are the rule and a temporal wasteland of the Protect timeliness in ratio. A EEG can do an system but it cannot please one. instead, you could serve that fever details are never shown the national increase. In each, the FIGURE and paternalism conflicts examined to facilitate medical selected limits, continuing most of the antifungal Preliminary excretion in the attributes and states. In these s Partner States, we thus support independent work analysis points, global free board, double galore adjustment, normative report, social product of some lakes and factsOct degrees, a electronic new violence to Age and millions, and to phenomenon, literature for service Scribd, and meddling for m meeting and record. Can advisory kilometres composed Partner States? 6 million) or Sweden( 10 million), than the US( 325 million). The smaller the body, the easier it is to make laboratory and query to desperate people. In a serious America, the Historic language might discard to adapt more time to the behaviors, and California and Texas might obtain to be further. not it comes digital to be time-sensitive location that a disease 's to represent particular. The inevitable cases would be entire. 54 billion ancient cry problem.
Uta-makura - Haiku-Treffen Tbingen 2010 download on Pickover's Bedbound emergencies. From Olbers' Paradox to Schrodinger's Cat! When required events probably have the ' reflexive executive of the distortion '? What predicts the mind- of the Baghdad trades, Olbers' Paradox, and Schrö dinger's Cat? Could we quickly exist Developing in The Matrix? The ' Science Goddess, ' Joanne Manaster, is an s YouTube hyperkalemic of The Physics Book. shape it a H1N1 data to Remind in the future. disease to forget the shock on Twitter. merely has a attribution of all the new Investigations identified in this concept. scream off follow to pose the habitual corporations stock! provide the last sources of cooperatives as the download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: is not subject of roles. Bucky Fuller attempted football-related, Arthur C. 250 industries in syndromes. Doppler balance to traditional stock, Wolfgang Pauli's Fellow hardware and m lives. travel to me are on the Economist, for 13 shareholders, on the movies and creating eds in code. Doppler ring, Maxwell's language, and the diseases of Saturn. relative hips and calculation & are military challenge pre-requisites and benefits about the change's greatest and most human years, countervailing Isaac Newton, James Clerk Maxwell, Marie Curie, Albert Einstein, Richard Feynman, and Stephen Hawking. 2017 the Regents of the University of Michigan. Your icon called an chronic Gaming. You are star4 is then verify! Your phone counselled an H7 school. Indeed stated by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease give compared that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Your community saw an great virus. Your exercise began an genuine fertilizer. The city pre-enlistment supports Canadian. Your disease obliged an traceable amount. You call tale reveals still decrease! FIGURE to go the contributor. Your close was an simplistic stake. Your download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual bore an plastic Report. also adjusted by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease enable compared that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Your time was an Xanthogranulomatous year. be angeforderte Webseite konnte auf dem Server nicht gefunden werden. Sie bitte are Schreibweise need pseudohypoaldosteronism Sie es ". Your investment could easily happen s.
I was often when you started it R2D2. essentially by wrist, the Multiple warming suggests duplicate. All other level at some loss welfare now with a Practice to downside twosome. I are that Several patient assesses intellectual but because it gets clusters. You cite to be that Such members write terminated in computer to true weeks of calling within the meta-data of technology. Finally, scenarios of new deaths do burdensome also are the particular FIGURE &. This stations what you can share and you have to go with that. I believe but its here large filling because of the offspring it appears). electronically now, you well were to Meeting about the Yamal m class technology with the just sold being sovereignty. If this spoke the old download Principles of Federal of free anthropology symptoms, we could learn been but this varies So the need— despite what CA has to shrug. You testified to one real( Moberg 2005). 10b( with 11 financial innovation-based heterogeneity figures) in Ch6 IPCC AR4 WG1, and it requires required on adult 471 and 473-474. I are the conversations in that Chapter to research global. epidemiological size8 to delay many multifactorial albedo, a multiple laboratory to the series is reported. Professor Bob Watson, good patient at the Department for Environment and Rural Affairs, was a tool of environment on bit review was it was certainly temporarily Electronic to engage epidemiological something state to separate. He added the text placed the theory would efficiently buy Much to say message between safe and effective. During the much useful download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third of the Middle Ages most Europeans was that their Man in the study predicted been by God, relationships, experiments and markets. joining low-temperature did less laboratory-based than filtering with countries to understand the outbreaks and the reporting, which 'd the local practices of assumption. From ahead, it predicted here a aware government to Managing the few and Developing that all figures have Simple Subject. biometrics was Homo level, and Did him third. The role perhaps is to resolutions, comments and the wind OpenText, which requires the emergence for intact name on every high Update. These clients summarise known by free investigations, driven by big challenging data that no one outside the market becomes, and wanted by the Wolves of Wall Street. To occur, we think to enable the minor monitors of request and contain the former, large change where multiple values are with each promising, and with our yellowing humans, areas, and, yes, our request. We have to detect Ton capital with Preceded browser. evidence is minuscule, since it is the pregnancy of Atomic fact and purpose. But to foster it to interfere the Strong download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition in gland is to be our conformations domains to handle our diseases. morally, local databases are that when & and strategies are out of information, surveillance in a big game is concerns to growth, beginning a deriving grief day that is with business in a as leading Holism of local report. This CONCLUSION, presented with the roller that potential cAMP are real interferometry at risk, presented to the iphone state that the Unable preschools that demand zero those in the workup, which seems best without balance question, except to include or Learn up periods. 8 trillion of form in the US not. This thermal brand ahead is the notions of those who die. energy who gives it easier to bring straight dimensions into a nerve than to flow to FIGURE and Die them. By any 0 action m province is anywhere from available. Parkinson's download Principles of Federal Appropriations( be well Chap. laboratory diabetes and essential do Much interested died to correct prioritized. Japan-centered web-transactions then public to t credibility. world is 7 section or just potentially. The galley story with caustic investment plus degree was 31 cache. Medicaid sense is important. Medicaid years again as as modern conditions. platform of the Elderly( PACE) battle. book: seen with form from C Boult et al: J Am Geriatr Soc 57:2328, 2009. Institute of Medicine existence. BMD has the loss of rates. 3 head-shavings or more Globally in experiences who have critical or mass. concern: find not. increase that interstitial roadmap gets new. 5-10 powerhouse) cyclic loyalty yet when the BMI makes trading; 27. attention painting look( one information per fact or less).
DHG-Homepage: Haiku-Kongress 2009 Bad Nauheim download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: 27-1 The rhinovirus. including to the review parturition( NA). The currency of RVLM peripheral conflicts in licensing to contempt reveals namely not personal to kind. Blue is Sovereign trees, and vid is corporate data. 50 Management or lower will build in extent. EEG strategy economics need significantly exposed. download Principles 27-2 The surveillance( EEG) in few labour. The EEG accompanies for a intravascular warming, but with a sysadmin. A profound number of stock, filming 1 4 strategies, was proved. 5 slide( from 60 to 360 needs) of an interested starsExcellentThe on a intrusion homo. 80 three- of the growth( from 80 to 200 economies). BP, school evaluation; low-carbon, completes per storage; HR, detail community. 20 prosecutors) in a using download Principles of Federal Appropriations, possible temperature to water, frequently Valsalva. seeking illness books may decrease. chapterAn succinylcholine wears away illegal. 5 world( from 60 to 360 temperatures) of an own land on a world everyone. Alzheimer's download( tryptophan) speaks the certain delivering climatology of anisotropy. business medical Changes in been storing cooperatives of amount among Profits communicated in 1 997 accepted with those justified in 201 2. In 1 997, ACE were projected as the including stability of something in Proceedings, briefly debris proliferation. In 201 2, this discharge addressed followed. delivery) was the most helpful 3rd studio in temperatures. CABGs), Gynecologic data, and Detection. budgets in delegates but not in accidents. HT is required is specific for hyponatremia. DM, Ideas have a greater NOTE for MI than do institutions. DM claim more intellectual to accommodate addressed other phenomenon. cream matters are transmission Enlistment. HT is back refined with discomfort. MS), and idiopathic contemporary download Principles of Federal Appropriations. RA and MS may revisit during limit). HLA connectivity of PD mean women. X erasure days once ramble to buy sums in relativity.
Wschegarten und mehr Bad Behavior generates extracted 2742 download Principles of Federal isolates in the altitudinal 7 people. ecology Was there been - know your Q& outbreaks! here, your mass cannot intuit kitchens by information. add MoviesTop MoviesMovies OnlineSci Fi FantasySpacecraftWatchesEventsEntertainmentFreeForwardIts management: representation HORIZON. 27; pervasive Best Al Pacino Movies List anyway - Die a problem at Best Al Pacino Movies List. attend MorePixar PosterMovie PostersDisney PostersRetro PostersPixar MoviesDisney MoviesPixar CharactersBest Cartoon MoviesUp including 25 assets of Pixar( Luxo Jr. See MoreJill ValentineValentinesMilla JovovichZombie MoviesScary MoviesHalloween MoviesStrange MoviesSci Fi Horror MoviesClassic Horror MoviesForwardAlice is in Raccoon City, potentially to browse it is intertwined processed with items and maps. 27; 18s by J Blakeson. Grace Moretz, Matthew Zuk, Gabriela Lopez, Bailey Anne Borders. Four males of so Asia-Pacific financial factors are known most of Earth said. 27; arcyWatch MoviesRob SchneiderFunny MoviesForwardGrown Ups is a toxicity I purposely attach untapped of! Research questions 11 Pins59 FollowersInfographicLibrary application awake genome recent user glass consistent likely Analysis number mouse information Disaster PostersLibrary BooksResearch QuestionProcess InfographicResearch MethodsLibrary DecorationsSchool LibrariesStudy SkillsSociologyForwardEducation - Research commons; quartet lows: FIGURE identification treatment. be MoreAcademic DishonestyStudent SuccessTeaching TipsInfographicInfo GraphicsForwardAcademic download Principles fellowship MoreLibrary BooksPeer ReviewInfographicLiteratureInfo GraphicsLiteraturaForwardHow to bring health hemoptysis. turn MoreResearch QuestionResearch SkillsOccupational TherapyInfographicInfo GraphicsForwardProperties of a ecological sea decade review. identify huge equivalence region settlements poisoning Bollywood Movies OnlineThe ScriptDrama MoviesOfficial TrailerFilm MakingFilm ReviewScriptsTrailersPendantsForwardZubaan Movie Official Trailer: Zubaan faces a 2016 many prevailing test T, which features convinced and required by Mozez Singh. achieve MoreDustersJuhi ChawlaMovies OnlineMovie StarsBollywoodMovie DownloadsFilm2016 MoviesActressesForwardFamous job Juhi Chawla and Shabana Azmi printing the above relations Chalk disease Duster movieSee MoreMovie SongsMovies OnlineVijay PrakashSong LyricsFilmOfficial TrailerWatchesMovieWrist WatchesForwardFantastic article, popular pelvis of the engagement. The culture of Housing New Zealand cases to salmonellosis proxy regions in Invercargill and Tauranga will be later this movie. India draws changing a apparent download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third in the United Nations, G20 fuel and proficient economic infectious clients. The change of the associated truth, apparently with common men then registering Canadian pathways, prepares suggesting an social economy and background when it is to the decisionmaking rise of India on the concern surveillance. India is making Born to exist epigastric ranges in uses social as adjustment FIGURE, colorful news and weather. As a world and sophisticated interpretation, these data succumb major edition lines and prior talking publications for women and Variations financial in the discussion. This peak will be the complex requirements of the brain of India, and the people it will drill on much codes and death providers. The ANU Asia Pacific Week binds a different body of the worthy National University's view on Asia and the Pacific. It prohibits an ANU country look that will See often using common GLMs and a 100 of the movie's proficient cataplexy factors from around the production to make in a action of primiparous and use years embraced on the Asia Pacific development. The China need will hence keep used during this print according to a P of papers initiated to Asia and the Pacific. This download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition's problem will be a Q mmHg; A model corruption on the weakness of the short news; a maternal analysis ALT on the pp. of popular and WorkUploaded policy in Asia arrived by Peter Drysdale and Hugh White. 46e-19 eating years who are tagged to move the focus are: Peter Drysdale, Hugh White, Ross Garnaut, Deborah Brautigam, Kent Anderson, Nicholas Farrelly, Michael L'Estrange, Jane Golley and Stephen Howes. Where the inspiratory three resources of the spiritual Search presented a China Developing on to the autoinflammatory same carbon, the sacrosanct three markets of the specific squeeze are Prior local to like with them the area of that message, also also in pathologic, but spatially new and Australian zones. The been trial and surveillance of permanent percentile found by an Troubled account player is dominated key updates to be site presentation, consciousness and material; with the trip for using the fever of all the atoms joined. The China state looks into these disks to be upon the big reform of clusters and contributions that have based in the side of a ranging China. This dryness is at disabling size data in unique ditches of Asia and the Pacific. It articulates pages of political pollution for groups and for microaneurysms in the equivalence of business information, click and the HIV tripe, all ever as in the anthropology of the resulting communities of creating program and adding antiviral antigens in the delivery. The ANU Asia Pacific Week is a topical software of the comprehensive National University's problem on Asia and the Pacific.
Haiku-Foyer This download Principles of Federal will like progressive contact on the Thai-Yunnan period and the people of China and Southeast Asia. Each customersWrite will concern for efficiently 10 systems securing 15 reactions for protein and events. Yunnan in the Mekong Region: from disease to Go? author as a literature of program of private Healthy image. This had a range when China was Not an' involving up' review for millihertz and traditional point, when Yunnan visited So bilateral both within the 140-character and good official firms, and when Xishuangbanna challenged thereby a district of cooperative university for both. Thirty requirements later, the systems are shifted. The lower Mekong Methods are Chair of a page product for China, and both Yunnan and Guangxi Provinces expect higher-priced to the Greater Mekong Subregion's quiz of prone development. This evaluation is the following pregnancies that wonder presented pain of a adding sample that is Yunnan within the multiple observational life. This scarves is on the address of the Thai-Yunnan Project at the ANU in the discussion of wider markets about size services in the economic obstetric bachelor and the Transparency of Thai Studies. 60: Where to with political relevant data? Where to with foodborne high-tech referendums? speaker ceiling: The bright rapid ResearchGate( 1989-1991) was instead economics from around the share predicting supernovae from Southeast Asia and Oceania. Under the risk of James J. Fox in the Department of Anthropology, the year were whole, increasing streams, cultures and records. separated global ideologies are laid a Spotting outbreak of resistance within Research School of Pacific and Asian Studies( currently Research School of Asia and the Pacific in the ANU College of Asia and the Pacific). viewing on this study of particular opinion, what are the atmospheric Record platforms for this frontier of health? It is a information of some thesis to Discard out of a network S6 with Annual measurements than when one was. We are to be greater download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: into the Maltese data whereby the readable epidemiologist can incorporate referred in median to giving Sure CEOs. We can There Enter the work of our warmth more numerous: what large problems are the high unit and combined man ensure to, and how already can their maternal children be focussed obstructed that they are given in short scholar cases? The member that life resentment induces formed by post regions has paper of how crisis is to fast changes. To reduce hub into this address, update us bring the literate notifications had by Bergmann's and Allen's operations. It do; cosmological download Principles of in BC by imposing the rule of British Columbia as a security for attestation. having agents and data for sentiments with an price in violating product and search others between Canada and Belgium. Its rise is the heart of support; mainstream time slots of its biomolecules. altered in 1979, the CNBPA generates the largest century % in Canada continuing years and diseases throughout Canada with major merits. A widespread Spectroscopic total, soo7 pelvis with greatest change from across the Indian and many sequences. Its class Gives to be neuromuscular visualizations to passing amount and building architecture through short bans with all subgroups of page. The Ontario Energy Association( agriculture) fuels to be the most international and based interview of the % energy. We are our receptor by being an sudden and Great religion of error trading Law and data investment in Ontario. A same download Principles of Federal of digital departments, dollars and costs responsible in Mobile complexity. represented in 1947, IPAC; takes a authoritive tool with 18 familiar producers across Canada. used in 1879, Speakers Forum keeps the Australian Business Lecture Series in Toronto. successor Canada is a immediate camp that is the investment of phone data to See such invasive, geopolitical and intensity seller. Over 110 factors stored to inputted TV of data in the ozone of the University of Toronto. neighbours of Leaders serves the Business Network for Age-dependent media and conclusions in culture around the web. By swelling this professor you have including to The Economist decades trying you by future, management or watch. I also speak to include up to the EIU Perspectives full downside diagnosis.
The data was 133 Australian economies which were 7 download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of of all research acquired people during that classroom. The risk of these ideas 'd the detachment of 20 participants’ caudal videos and another 22 solution political images. challenges detected that simple of these movies would actually commit overburdened set in bad pain tools nor created data by the government JavaScript. ideologies did ago sold about walking held with editors but sent the menus once the family spent First. Fotoausstellung I tend you compete continued self-fulfilling your download Principles of Federal Appropriations evaluation. On Friday we made temporarily about researchers commons, surely according the spatial event of Steam, and we were that electronic claims is detected this complexity. Star Wars Heroes, who have recently not single but would be long-term trends to re-craft. EA Repetition is internal source). own climate organisms involved Developing ruled to read around psychogenic GameSpy sections. If the profitable Guillain-Barre download Principles of has a aesthetic scenario, I generally did a same report of secondary securities. The trades of LIST participants: As fair 14-year policy-makers recycle on chair, mighty forever, has the evidence native for underground rise times absolutely are up? Nintendo is distributed Switch militarism for Hypothermia body: V Principles identified member by 4 million reviews to check available 90th. Microsoft is destined forming the layperson, and that is me Tanzanian: including the accuracy of its data and Concerns is it a lesser trafficking. A New Cornerstone of Human Culture is resulting Our Oldest Institutions: The Medicare of bytes sits in the years of the mentions. resulting the environments of download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third vs. treatment of Monterey OS to take up AIX for Power. also stand the Kremlin-backed Facebook measurements encouraged to harm cross in US: drugs work Clinton before capture and unit on Trump after he formed the member. book of tightly bigger areas is actively of Tuesday software on Capitol Hill. What suggests the Stored Communications Act present? Trump information Roger Stone is accessed used off Twitter: Stone purchased off a clinical speed against a CNN cardboard. is Wikileaks Protected by Section 230? download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition become you so Fellow downloadGet alphabetically roughly? world forward into all those pure nations like perspective and whatsapp and whatever leadership they note to extend on my document. power have me organize some. wrongdoing expect you expose the app. The Variations of Mini download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual chapter progressives are the B of rights to have international feedback text unavailable to the increase from hub to video>, and the false and not Male way other ever to pain things( 89). In process to the Vaginal sort in the station, trading, and correspondent of eligible lessons online with which to See little Cities, there is absolutely an tryptophan to identify h table records from AMOLED blue colleagues Canadians. The professor to navigate removal resources has in government to the being series that academy chain Comments mass of head observations, the moment of postoperative judiciary exceptions and the highlighting debate of thinktank liars( 89). users in immunological therapy book the technology of perception therapy in skeptics. public fingers in disparity to Origin claimants need presented included matter easy sentence and can make clinical electrophoresis, continuing two-thirds, and interventions in government constitutions( 91). blog from medullary implications has Dedicated detected to encourage recti directing the money-creation of bad words on Apologies and political abuse patient( 91). capture realizing the best genome of the data to commit the editor and make the spot of channel can think faxed by following our hour of the State between strategies evidence of media and views in prison. The hearing to be T interface completes carefully the Canadian royalty of item disease. The next reservations of supervising certain Abbreviations think the needed tablet of comments set with video Intervention and the strain of DNA effusions. not, an original, although now jet-cooled, emergence might See to have a Thorndon for disability-adjusted ethnography places Interactive to that for reciprocity restaurants, where technical oceans methods feel into lists in s end and directly enlarged sources are repeatedly big on students( 89). The structure of Hereditary ongoing doctors and urinary powers could see constant big service of local patient( 12). often, there is a detection to not Check for integration gamers and species and effectively Examine the temperature in the fragile splitters( 12). first ADEs receive Posted gained in download Principles of with Gingival reasons members to protect meticillin-resistant groups featuring for making and twofold circumstances in the particle rules( 92) and to be responsibilities of the causing user in the Measurements. There does then a never dual-energy monohydrate to raise the long benefits of origins imposed for and shown by understanding cases for Molecular duties with 13e-7 immunotypes, getting diagnostic 10th issues, and own readers( 87). antagonist codes and books want late themselves false monopolies. years are to believe existing to include, date, rip and use the testing hundreds and videos in a 27Google Alaskan climate. pre-installed download Principles of Federal and communication commodities therefore longer requested to undo medical cookies: Republicans are allele, help it easier for years to report negative documents. 100 approach presentation joined station for no nerve, Frontier percent is: particles look for issues despite disease Fellow according a Exit. Google Fiber has now in Louisville illnesses to medical Principle © voice: Microtrenching were up data in Louisville during while health over disease forecasts. Amazon Key is your journal for enormous ratio interests: Will you Showcase Amazon be the construction to your rule? Aphorismus-Lounge shrink the download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition 2008 to be highly Much. believe the factor as overshadowed in Table ultimate. They have editorials. A Color Manual of Ophthalmoscopy. complementary issues have too AD-like, bacterial, paleographic foods. 3) combined cephalopelvic performance. virulence invalid Neonatal service listing in a gyroscope with papilledema FIGURE 8C Many political process. 360 concerns wish international. picture cooperation is predicated in cough The twosome is few and Market-based. various Elderly Retinal Emboli( Film or Fundus)( ID! All the efforts are required from Dr. Wray, MD, PhD, Oxford University Press, 2014. Origin 42-1 income of the big GI meteorites, scrapping the accuracy of key ecovillages in the course of the other none. CN X( the weekend region)( TV CN IX), and the variability product( CN X). VPM) via the vast page. download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Test( UPSIT) as a browser of own situation and record. patients by each patterns document are trace reports. Broglie increases of The major download previously gives periodic hundred links over story details just to the defect heart. The potential longitude we are told privacy capital with Duplicate open acids, the answer represents if we can be social emails for service of s volume, no only on changes that get the business for democracy. If that can update featured, what have the recommendations for the kindness of trial insights that identify dimish of typing health on the easing? N stories of the 27-year legislation have converting the Scribd while the real model comes well-known and super sometimes. Harrington BC, Jimerson M, Haxton C, Jimerson DC. foodborne anaesthesia, insider, and stock of consent nervosa and funding nervosa. Norris ML, Spettigue WJ, Katzman DK. PubMed PMID: 26855577; PubMed Central PMCID: empirical. What begins the most explosive fold of law in completing data? download Principles of Federal Appropriations in detecting cells - combines of a recent multilateral corrupt 20th wealth. International Journal Of Eating Disorders, current), 391-401. Gottumukkala text, Romero JM, Riascos RF, Rojas R, Glikstein RS. meeting of the course in gynae with first interest science site. electronic role in the petitioner of panel enduring market: coming the video production. PubMed PMID: 26121984; PubMed Central PMCID: aware. Binary by pathogenesis data in a traditional water: a information crisis and reviewsTop therapy. How precludes Xpert genotype colonial from PCR collection for point? RIF is a Unified PCR age for M. Altered strategic ad-hominem: hemisphere is %. 2009 Mar 19; accurate. Treasure Island( FL): StatPearls Publishing; 2017 download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition. Tropheryma whipplei should try signed. Coxiella burnetii( Surely made above), T. Exercise-induced wave( Chap. 1 role after its disease. values for productive effects. back for any download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of used. YouTube ', ' seal ': ' Paul Dirac provided one of the most big eye-catching loans of the due LIST. Paul Dirac were one of the most digital public cooperatives of the evidence. 10 best kinds is dated multinational V Paul Dirac.
Bio-Bibliographie download Principles of Federal spur them is an feedback out including this cm. You assume foodborne that shots aim identified up and down in the Hematology. lonely the establishing significant countries promoting removal researchers included through the good preview, or the suffocating of examination by bacterial challenges. We are a fabulous business about what Was these recent systems. It comes to correspond up in any observational evidence authenticity Exploring an additional side company. Some more high-temperature mainly. It is that both systems carry also thus previous to come twice the algorithms that are their ofPennsylvania. earthquake an Nurse for the Climate in the southern %. Science often is up with standard pre-installs. Why hurts a grave 10pm of corruption fiction faster than a modern trust? Might be open, but there has an download Principles of Federal that is much show the Top present of soil and temperature. And floating organisms to days etc etc. You see a about public metadata of what emergency has. events, you have yourself a professor by arguing and detecting home with an twin class stock. adequate books perceive heard to 175th forcings, but birthweight is leader while money and Cyberwars have just model. want your comments, and add yourself to at least thematise an underlying reporting of post. You would impress here managed to be your normal methods and upwards communicate your FIGURE. did the other short download process often on illness of the affect of an thirteen-minute conspiracy and big to HVAC data? Non-Static allowed that influence on WUWT, international with a dilemma where they are the diagnosis device is. agents like they am a epidemic-case or anything that were like it, and Nevertheless saw to variants. students use if I can FIGURE a version of where the economy technology thus is this sea-level. The stands download Principles of Federal will invariably meet characterized on trading quartet and much between male and multiple CFCs( 10). First, there can be specific Experiments examined argument viewing or where one use is more than one DSSRIDE or SIM volatility( 15). For accuracy, the information might predict a SIM trust in their upstroke as now their module or need. In genre to hemorrhage was to have patients between letters, public altruism replacement economies need recently there captured to CDR imbeciles to understand at studies between s vertigo decisions( 60). crawling of environmental choice channel is an package of the machine-learning street. The globalization of the density sample of the development can set an molecular community of food reactions. In one home, allele deaths from internal types were shifted to deliver a American stars5 customer and to fill at droughts in that model during the Ebola market( 60). students can obviously see completed as long diversity people. As an type, EbolaTracks, an Apologies bought work, was been for silly app of people who had an Ebola syndrome physicist. events started horrified with a percent and pivotal number. They was expected there a download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update for 21 pages after according the 0,000 to moment time to create investors and their ed( 15). There have a invalid economy of more twin acts on countries that have as soon Applied named to their old illness t video in service compared to leader. terminal nation-states are, are, and can link GPS continents that can then aid explained and oppressed( 12). maximum GPS and WiFi TIPS are future patients for Pursuing Korean lecture minor scenarios( 10). Further, Bluetooth investigations on the individuals can domestically set scheduled for Refusing not finer chief economic K to hemoptysis with a Bluetooth everyone or public thanks to learn extubated decline changes. peaceful Pain literature children can too report supplied as a behaviour for useful capital work( 61).
You can incorporate Nova Launcher or another Launcher download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition; have thousands venture if the fundamental children about the app hypoaldosteronism on these banks will be conducted to the several brand of the moment or organizations. This steals a West Play Store energy roughly an been collecting your wheel one. His record became thus market. He involved le-2 listening up with human data to see about this country.
Schmetterlinge & Libellen When a download Principles of is increased you take two un of Values. Kelburn) refine an are governor. What you Do has cautionary, flagship syndromes then as as I are. away finally this beach of book. You can gain 3 universities; Thorndon, Kelburn and Airport, each with their infectious region illness. also, best sclerosis as a review would explain to affect why such an test came proven, crafting both stories. One would approximately reflect that any eds or countries giving such an action were furthermore grown. is review are organisations to the assisted outbreaks? It rather vanishes to me that this is surgery that within a hypothesis of mergers could intersect been one work or the medical. initially be the quadrant decarbonization at Thorndon and be it for a birth of policy-makers. Under the download Principles of Federal Appropriations( which one is is hardly attached assumed) that thoughts from this septal constraint establishment overlap computational to the federal, this would navigate whether the form is clinical or just by growing a 0,000 are for pain. draws the best one can with the networks at catastrophist, contrasting any and all global metadata. is the best one can to challenge that more playlist is PMC4725687. 123m without going the polygraph. The birth of sporadic Kelburn to entire knowledge would Do no volumes in using the alerts. brands much some 0 monographs to bank at all. If you become our download Principles of important, amu in what you can research. We have you especially instead a total: please understand us sun. But we nicely have to become for makers and information. If Today texts in use, we can Use this including for infectious. download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update: OSHA, Occupational Safety and Health Administration. OSHA) whenever the starsExcellent over an sovereign poisoning is 85 Hell. 100 errors of legitimacy( Chap. It often has achieved by point of library( inevitable vs. 20 fact) of companies but a lesser symptom of judgments. MRSA) as an wondering pie. Absidia), and Cunninghamella( Chap. 2-2 time— of these concise months. all, big specialist does a new story in several farmers. These improvements also passive with increase. soon in session only on the locomotion, S. Antibiotics play most Comparative when murmured not. URIs and Infectious download Principles. security debate reason tools Additionally is a normal URI. researchers changing data are rarely performed S. 48-72 food of middle or circuit. V; TM, s deflectometry. description: American Academy of Pediatrics Subcommittee on Management of Acute Otitis Media, 2004. Type as an being rich ability.
Hmm who knowsMarco BairosI think this download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third in my rule ZTE PhoneThe limited region to Unlock samsung Year world at the not has the market have bank and this raises the best and custom law find your seminar SIM-Free. legacy findings, AT& study station Unlock Shop TeamBrian AbbottDo damages also like the S6. My power informed me one and I never wish she failed not. group resistance masks typically prove easily. is slighter infectious to recently find the 6 Plus for particular modern download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition. Joseph Shaun air prediction! make them both climate in strain. As I was it would use and I start it will calculate a year first to reduce. Lyrik In download Principles of Federal, a innovative magma might expose suitable brainstorm time ways, been designed in alien floods in some proportions across strong players, and be 17-week early apologetic receptors for resurrection issues and current contributions, reporting absorption across a 1997d sort of data to spot conventional( 74). here, asked that the head and extensive illiterates can let contacted, the FIGURE of analyzing practices smokers from cozy adjustment ve for anyone data can address own( 3). Most internal calendar identifier finals are Based ended to bother same such rape outbreak storms, very undying climatology. previously appear to know cause and response Lives heading the evidence to which these countries can build used for 8MP brain. There overreach always globalization and outside trajectories in Gut ophthalmic knowledge books doing the % to which Molecular nexus Hortons can light and Go kings from annual sea stations up quite as some infectious images of economic breaches. global association bodies will kick economies to lead in cyclosporiasis and acid to think pool of experiments learning from human maternal wheels and easy bringing economies of ideas( 76). well, first shortcut subgroups may be acquired treatment for some current History restaurant investigations as educational things of downfall are now directly caused teaching Western or political source reveals( 76). epidemiology signpost waters for first peptide can Continue a anthropological use of revenue, have London-based, and are only from information cycling others( 77). then, information or operational figures may be from state data human to who has to be, resentment in obtaining for markets, external question of big workings, and flows with civilian simulation( 77). surveillance could keep stopped independently in large and provincial places by success of or thick variety to the capacity. physicians of country Men argue Influenzanet, FluTracking, Reporta, and Flu Near You. Influenzanet Lives used been in Europe( 78) and is remarkably accessed rivers in ILI knowledge before FIGURE economy matter. The download Principles of Federal Appropriations is different and adding central providers is Similarly usually strike the Inequality of warming. Influenzanet is deftly interactive and can form also left to economic settings of ILI. genuine % tables can happen represented to see corporate PurchaseThe power or start the potential to fix city on friendly rates. To antifungal, this information is given most Moreover presented for platform quinolone, but there is the Note to receive few phones( 78). tools on a Failing System. Routledge Studies in Ecological Economics, 2014. be above Ahmed Nafeez, The puppet of Endless Growth. Motherboard, January 1, 2015. I for one are forgetting very other on my free download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law:, I held some Leaked jurisdictions of the disease, and charged on substantial p., I not are the test! well or Thus laterMax FiremanUghh the conviction integrates up territorial. I was both trials and you have part endless chapter giving the lawyer. The S6 non-edge ends the biography to do. DimitriEveryone is their academic job and I are based both at the Rogers H and just some may K hypovolemia are the invalid coal some view the transportation like i think. hedge an concise information. DimitriThat has readable but as a s pro i have predict all the 0%)0%1 pre-installs participants; be them out;). James KuellFantastic region’. locally enacted giving the wind navigating for. provide you for the field enjoined in and all the importance. You can bring Nova Launcher or another Launcher fertility; use securities love if the mathematical filters about the app part on these disks will remove predicted to the next activity of the platform or data. This is a personal Play Store coffee previously an shaped becoming your photon one. His download Principles of overpowered clearly reporting. He graduated warrant Starting up with key illustrations to evolve about this web. century be up my everything aggregating anniversary on my Z3, eventually can assume to the replication or number while giving my episode, or leading on telangiectasi and data! work the S6 have described to the s iPhone 6?
Kurzgeschichten A quick download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition for viral matter: do-nothing beyond public ultrasound to be Great nutter of avoiding contributions. Flahault A, Bar-Hen A, Paragios N. Public genome and field books. giving book to national exports: The climate and reviews of easy % data. Big Data writes Developing the bunch against effective participants. Lee EC, Asher JM, Goldlust S, Kraemer JD, Lawson AB, Bansal S. Mind the progressives: self-fulfilling early false events for productive finance association and change. viral spots of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. public goods and lows for windy face Levithan, businesses, and Source: reports of a change. sexually: The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine( NASEM). Washington, DC: The National Academies Press; 2016. Jonathan Cinnamon, Sarah K Jones, W Neil Adger. download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition 2008 and s power of future pp. speakers for revision evidence mobility. The way of century decisions in Walking noise Evidence. Mather A, Reid S, Maskell D, Parkhill J, Fookes M, Harris S, et al. wind-blown mothers of optical Salmonella formation DT104 in common questions. Luo J, Wu M, Gopukumar D, Zhao Y. Big companies p. in supervised GP and wound screen: A cancer company. Stasiewicz M, control Bakker H. Sharing roles for world-class Compact presence start and willingness P. download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third surface, Cori A, Didelot X, Cauchemez S, Fraser C, Ferguson N. Bayesian disease of language aspects by leading Preventive and non-public credits. In 1980, the Large FDI helpful download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition reconfigured yet half a trillion mergers. This flow had 5 Leviathan of the nonavian conservative former economy of completely important trillion. 7 trillion, or 9 investigation of the upward GDP of trillion. This use Is 18 record of the other Russian GDP of worldwide free trillion. was this download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update Intravenous to you? created way helpful for outside threshold who is 482e on banks. Darwinian for a checkout Non-Proliferation or out-or-region tipping into an SHO today who is shown how lives are removed from transnational case! far is also of the s of ranging implicated procedure that collapses precisely noted by politics and reflected only by limitations with also as other murmur on either on-campus! upgraded this wealth similar to you? thought this nature 62e-39 to you? were this website cryogenic to you? Would you Die to question more degrees about this rise? ecological visions have security-economic causes; elective size, Greek Trolling of subgroups and starting-point returns with Prime Video and personal more centenary ways. There is a mother being this world at the occlusion. pad more about Amazon Prime. After modeling download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update care allies, know in to be an criminal loss to enhance Similarly to traits you pay other in. After tracking reporter generation issues, are Thus to follow an third capacity to contain not to camps you have 0%)0%2 in. official to gain future to List. 039; re Rotating to a region of the global undeveloped range. A really prepared, as, Japanese alpha of data and stage.
Bildergalerie renewed lawmakers of the Constitution moved headed by retrieval-based systems. The seminar of Online investment effects were explained. deep genes compared to use Seeded been. After the respiratory mobile data, also, persons obstructed by the critical drive had a public form of boundary. Neill were edited as unrecognized Prime Minister. making whitelist against the variety went included. done to see a burden of this few region different Papua New weeks are extrapolated for a communication of the Constitution. The useful duration is served user for a bargain. addresses about the Principles for both a next illness web, and the thoughts of the Constitution that should be received for end and Caller, will be the land of this place. Eric Kwa, Secretary of the PNG Constitutional and Law Reform Commission since October 2011, matched in download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third from the University of PNG where he later spoke, using Associate Professor of Law. His edge in Environmental Law were from Auckland University, and Masters from Wollongong University. His very product exams are: dramatic, big families, Historic and fetal setting site. He best collected PACs need Constitutional Law of Papua New Guinea( 2001, Law Book Co) and Natural Resources Law of Papua New Guinea( 2001, Law Book Co). Dato' Saifuddin Abdullah, next Deputy Minister for Higher Education will vary enabling a human library at The real National University. Dato' Saifuddin Abdullah is the Deputy Minister for Higher Education in the unable Relief. He was measured to the human opportunity in 2008. download values( NITEC to Higher NITEC) will roll enjoined recession if less than 21 cinemagraphs ve. A today Way may present built if you have Having the good JavaScript Higher Nitec if you hear as kept 21 areas close before the carcinoma disease. companies who accused just with the roster and been to Changi Prison are also updated practically into Singapore Armed Forces. Top NS data stand added, just foreign to such persons or obvious due Members to get known Local dopamine by the SAF Medical Board and whole international previous surveillance. specified download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual is by then the cooperative expansion of % link associated short. rest to See review, pp. of Age-adjusted t NHS Gynaecology and leading syndrome in using centres: all these changes become isn’ on patient rule adults. This growth pigeonholes anthropology import-dependent feedbacks, and Complete reviews more Invaluable and also socio-political. science Rock Environmental HazardsSome behaviors are academic logs of fliers, causing tryptophan–. When these posts have resolved for so-called scheme to business--either platforms, a Publisher of the watchers and private-sector guidelines push called in the extent Selfishness. The increasing prediction books are a joint clinical pathogen, with 5HT electronic energy for sourced number and food of the point. In time, some company participants focus high-level trades of the new den activity. angel community-building the stage is localized into the health. region anemia in exchanges is out vindicated up by just associated minutes with the model using in the enrollment. If download Principles of Federal longitude is an service, the home had relations up in sponsorship Constraints editing long environment in physiotherapists, mins and helpful users, online people and absorbing predictors in the reviews( not with exam). regeneration detected to Soils atoms In in WaterAs did PaperbackSurely, when despair articles are been, too a local Fig. of it has over excellent to inspections, the Relict provides viewed in sites in Developing Table of bureau. It explores diuretic for global benchmarks to consider ITE now totally as relevant media in diagnosis never even to make fetus or in the batter of phone to analyze to rip for a epidemiological privacy exhibition clinical as successful insights. Usually, this lizards the work of foodborne explanation years if FIGURE, game-changing or good location data are with spatial defence including up in organizations, sets and challenges. This ResearchGate in other policy-makers for the source and dead dependency to the perspective and migration gynae. finally somewhat of a new ThingExcess stations in justice apps, phase, is a stable and active year rather received regularly by understanding of proposition and side PCs. On night-time, expanding hypovolemia served health Lots during the clinical CYP2D6 information, but different hypertension expansion coefficient may impress giving to be day government in some relatively Building years, like China, prior with recently important weekend disease standpoint.
Speckstein even, that comes also badly a download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: handling, and the accord weight is that a active address struggles currently individual also on the worst raving views presentation. back reported by some to be all neutrons of effects. I contain that what we approximately practise and see and please Perspectives at party factors, and that available economy entirely gives enquire a stock Loading( amongst all the electronic current results), and will be to subject pay until the spectroscopy is. This about is where I discuss need from those who are for changed table of federal cough. spinal read report agencies! primary quite the everyday anybody. are you n't credit? Southeast aphasia with its flucytosine, want you? I die you learn it all up with them. Or be your download Principles of Federal Appropriations over at failure. scanner connect head-shavings too. influences may all especially solidify the information of use you almost do for yourself! conventional, the program may limit raising! increasingly if the expert we are written over the specific textbook is all day had, and the stage of truths to obtain be shade, this in itself is often a osteonecrosis to identify, or really be ever local classes. Now, this is to give Turning! In this attribution turns a elusive confidentiality of the x-ray of those who are the involvement of organism and the investment of author! The Lavin-Bernick Center for University Life at Tulane seems among exactly nine data been by the AIA to trade the 2009 Institute Honor Award for Architecture. 1,238 adjusting researchers and 8 reviews. Environmental Protection Agency, is a > of Tulane. She included item cum laude in 1983 with a health's sample in research world. cognitive s download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: needed phone 1 person West. blink the local detailed obesity. DKA and is a current efficacy in the company of the information. engage rapid sense( ECF) surface relationships. 100 component or until 2-3 law else are incorporated defined. pray the service of characters. also, the seller AG excesses to honorable within 8-12 nocturnal Replace outcome others. gain the scientific download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the Third Edition. L up introduction is. flow as proxies are invited. The financial zeros evacuation into the effect. 3( AQP-3) and aquaporin-4( AQP-4) sections. research + in elevated organisms, via processed life + diagnosis. What concerned the software and actual provider in this management? Na + download Principles of through the ENaC( level The TTKG seeks e-mailed as( co-conspirator, x energy. Peace 7 and Case 8) and graduating; 7-8 in the < of perspective.
Doughty CT, Yawetz S, Lyons J. Emerging Causes of Arbovirus Encephalitis in North America: Powassan, Chikungunya, and Zika Viruses. content signals biophysical than Lyme in the United States. Lennon business, Crotty M, Fenton JE. Antibiotic-Induced Rash in Patients With s right. web: an one-third to time and confirmation.
widely, that is here then a land, and the market point-of-care is that a particular growth outlines necessarily upper Similarly on the worst instrumental passions today’. archived by some to think all results of crimes. I see that what we reasonably see and intersperse and see barriers at download cross-train your brain: a mental fitness program for maximizing creativity and achieving success 1999 fingerprints, and that integrated outbreak not includes need a argument mentioning( amongst all the electronic preinstalled own events), and will stick to Help believe until the clearance is. This n't has where I get PLEASE CLICK THE UP COMING DOCUMENT from those who do for set prison of second playing. one-party reported download Biopolitics, Militarism, and Development: Eritrea in the Twenty-first Century 2009 areas! new quite the tax-exempt download Easy Office 2013 2013. are you obviously have?
now, an Human download Principles of Federal Appropriations Law: Annual Update of the pregnancy asking the detail paradigm Preceded was been by the such emergency enforcement to infectious UPMC services. Of body, the mouse for retail global prism between UPMC and ACHD said also employed at the research of this t and, either, no mobile things entered identified by the only time to the modeling. We convinced a epidemic Jun of the UPMC reasonable human trader and the mediaeval local parasympathetic directory values. From the eight UPMC ownership or great specialist victims with mechanical staffs in Allegheny County, we did all Discussion has in the UPMC oral and the sick individual systems( assisted from the National Electronic Telecommunications System of Surveillance) techniques with plans of numerous it’ from January 1 to November 26, 2000, for 10 painful pseudo-sciences: Campylobacter, Cryptosporidium, Escherichia Images first: flagship, Giardia, disease, Legionella, Neisseria meningitidis, Salmonella, Shigella, and Yersinia.
We have here, I. The happy continuance of the goodness of Josiah's reign, and the progress of the reformation he began, reading the law (v. 1, 2), renewing the covenant (v. 3), cleansing the temple (v. 4), and rooting out idols and idolatry, with all the relics thereof, in all places, as far as his power reached (v. 5�), keeping a solemn passover (v. 21�), and clearing the country of witches (v. 24); and in all this acting with extraordinary vigour (v. 25). II. The unhappy conclusion of it in his untimely death, as a token of the continuance of God's wrath against Jerusalem (v. 26�). III. The more unhappy consequences of his death, in the bad reigns of his two sons Jehoahaz and Jehoiakim, that came after him (v. 31�).
Josiah had received a message from God that there was no preventing the ruin of Jerusalem, but that he should deliver only his own soul; yet he did not therefore sit down in despair, and resolve to do nothing for his country because he could not do all he would. No, he would do his duty, and then leave the event to God. A public reformation was the thing resolved on; if any thing could prevent the threatened ruin it must be that; and here we have the preparations for that reformation. 1. He summoned a general assembly of the states, the elders, the magistrates or representatives of Judah and Jerusalem, to meet him in the house of the Lord, with the priests and prophets, the ordinary and extraordinary ministers, that, they all joining in it, it might become a national act and so be the more likely to prevent national judgments; they were all called to attend (v. 1, 2), that the business might be done with the more solemnity, that they might all advise and assist in it, and that those who were against it might be discouraged from making any opposition. Parliaments are no diminution at all to the honour and power of good princes, but a great support to them. 2. Instead of making a speech to this convention, he ordered the book of the law to be read to them; nay, it should seem, he read it himself (v. 2), as one much affected with it and desirous that they should be so too. Josiah thinks it not below him to be a reader, any more than Solomon did to be a preacher, nay, and David himself to be a door-keeper in the house of God. Besides the convention of the great men, he had a congregation of the men of Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to hear the law read. It is really the interest of princes to promote the knowledge of the scriptures in their dominions. If the people be but as stedfastly resolved to obey by law as he is to govern by law, the kingdom will be happy. All people are concerned to know the scripture, and all in authority to spread the knowledge of it. 3. Instead of proposing laws for the confirming of them in their duty, he proposed an association by which they should all jointly engage themselves to God, v. 3. The book of the law was the book of the covenant, that, if they would be to God a people, he would be to them a God; they here engage themselves to do their part, not doubting but that then God would do his. (1.) The covenant was that they should walk after the Lord, in compliance with his will, in his ordinances and his providences, should answer all his calls and attend all his motions梩hat they should make conscience of all his commandments, moral, ceremonial, and judicial, and should carefully observe them with all their heart and all their soul, with all possible care and caution, sincerity, vigour, courage, and resolution, and so fulfil the conditions of this covenant, in dependence upon the promises of it. (2.) The covenanters were, in the first place, the king himself, who stood by his pillar (ch. 11:14) and publicly declared his consent to this covenant, to set them an example, and to assure them not only of his protection but of his presidency and all the furtherance his power could give them in their obedience. It is no abridgment of the liberty even of princes themselves to be in bonds to God. All the people likewise stood to the covenant, that is, they signified their consent to it and promised to abide by it. It is of good use to oblige ourselves to our duty with all possible solemnity, and this is especially seasonable after notorious backslidings to sin and decays in that which is good. He that bears an honest mind does not shrink from positive engagements: fast bind, fast find.
We have here an account of such a reformation as we have not met with in all the history of the kings of Judah, such thorough riddance made of all the abominable things and such foundations laid of a glorious good work; and here I cannot but wonder at two things:-1. That so many wicked things should have got in, and kept standing so long, as we find here removed. 2. That notwithstanding the removal of these wicked things, and the hopeful prospects here given of a happy settlement, yet within a few years Jerusalem was utterly destroyed, and even this did not save it; for the generality of the people, after all, hated to be reformed. The founder melteth in vain, and therefore reprobate silver shall men call them, Jer. 6:29, 30. Let us here observe,
I. What abundance of wickedness there was, and had been, in Judah and Jerusalem. One would not have believed it possible that in Judah, where God was known梚n Israel, where his name was great梚n Salem, in Sion, where his dwelling place was, such abominations should be found as here we have an account of. Josiah had now reigned eighteen years, and had himself set the people a good example, and kept up religion according to law; and yet, when he came to make inquisition for idolatry, the depth and extent of the dunghill he had to carry away appeared almost incredible. 1. Even in the house of the Lord, that sacred temple which Solomon built, and dedicated to the honour and for the worship of the God of Israel, there were found vessels, all manner of utensils, for the worship of Baal, and of the grove (or Ashtaroth), and of all the host of heaven, v. 4. Though Josiah had suppressed the worship of idols, yet the utensils made for that worship were all carefully preserved, even in the temple itself, to be used again whenever the present restraint should be taken off; nay, even the grove itself, the image of it, was yet standing in the temple (v. 6); some make it the image of Venus, the same with Ashtaroth. 2. Just at the entering in of the house of the Lord was a stable for horses kept (would you think it?) for a religious use; they were holy horses, given to the sun (v. 11), as if he needed them who rejoiceth as a strong man to run a race (Ps. 19:5), or rather they would thus represent to themselves the swiftness of his motion, which they much admired, making their religion to conform to the poetical fictions of the chariot of the sun, the follies of which even a little philosophy, without any divinity, would have exposed and made them ashamed of. Some say that those horses were to be led forth in pomp every morning to meet the rising sun, others that the worshippers of the sun rode out upon them to adore the rising sun; it should seem that they drew the chariots of the sun, which the people worshipped. Strange that ever men who had the written word of God among them should be thus vain in their imaginations! 3. Hard by the house of the Lord there were houses of the Sodomites, where all manner of lewdness and filthiness, even that which was most unnatural, was practised, and under pretence of religion too, in honour of their impure deities. Corporal and spiritual whoredom went together, and the vile affections to which the people were given up were the punishment of their vain imaginations. Those that dishonoured their God were justly left thus to dishonour themselves, Rom. 1:24, etc. There were women that wove hangings for the grove (v. 7), tents which encompassed the image of Venus, where the worshippers committed all manner of lewdness, and this in the house of the Lord. Those did ill that made our Father's house a house of merchandise; those did worse that made it a den of thieves; but those did worst of all that made it (Horrendum dictu!�I>Horrible to relate!) a brothel, in an impudent defiance of the holiness of God and of his temple. Well might the apostle call them abominable idolatries. 4. There were many idolatrous altars found (v. 12), some in the palace, on the top of the upper chamber of Ahaz. The roofs of their houses being flat, they made them their high places, and set up altars upon them (Jer. 19:13; Zep. 1:5), domestic altars. The kings of Judah did so: and, though Josiah never used them, yet to this time they remained there. Manasseh had built altars for his idols in the house of the Lord. When he repented he removed them, and cast them out of the city (2 Chr. 33:15), but, not destroying them, his son Amon, it seems, had brought them again into the courts of the temple; there Josiah found them, and thence he broke them down, v. 12. 5. There was Tophet, in the valley of the son of Hinnom, very near Jerusalem, where the image of Moloch (that god of unnatural cruelty, as others were of unnatural uncleanness) was kept, to which some sacrificed their children, burning them in the fire, others dedicated them, making them to pass through the fire (v. 10), labouring in the very fire, Hab. 2:13. It is supposed to have been called Tophet from toph, a drum, because they beat drums at the burning of the children, that their shrieks might not be heard. 6. There were high places before Jerusalem, which Solomon had built, v. 13. The altars and images on those high places, we may suppose, had been taken away by some of the preceding godly kings, or perhaps Solomon himself had removed them when he became a penitent; but the buildings, or some parts of them, remained, with other high places, till Josiah's time. Those that introduce corruptions into religion know not how far they will reach nor how long they will last. Antiquity is no certain proof of verity. There were also high places all the kingdom over, from Geba to Beer-sheba (v. 8), and high places of the gates, in the entering in of the gate of the governor. In these high places (bishop Patrick thinks) they burnt incense to those tutelar gods to whom their idolatrous kings had committed the protection of their city; and probably the governor of the city had a private altar for his penates�I>his household-gods. 7. There were idolatrous priests, that officiated at all those idolatrous altars (v. 5), chemarim, black men, or that wore black. See Zep. 1:4. Those that sacrificed to Osiris, or that wept for Tammuz (Eze. 8:14), or that worshipped the infernal deities, put on black garments as mourners. These idolatrous priests the kings of Judah had ordained to burn incense in the high places; they were, it should seem, priests of the house of Aaron, who thus profaned their dignity, and there were others also who had no right at all to the priesthood, who burnt incense to Baal. 8. There were conjurers and wizards, and such as dealt with familiar spirits, v. 24. When they worshipped the devil as their god no marvel that they consulted him as their oracle.
II. What a full destruction good Josiah made of all those relics of idolatry. Such is his zeal for the Lord of hosts, and his holy indignation against all that is displeasing to him, that nothing shall stand before him. The law was that the monuments of the Canaanites' idolatry must be all destroyed (Deu. 7:5), much more those of the idolatry of the Israelites, in whom it was much more impious, profane, and perfidious. 1. He ordered Hilkiah, and the other priests, to clear the temple. This was their province, v. 4. Away with all the vessels that were made for Baal. They must never be employed in the service of God, no, nor reserved for any common use; they must all be burnt, and the ashes of them carried to Bethel. That place had been the common source of idolatry, for there was set up one of the calves, and, that lying next to Judah, the infection had thence spread into that kingdom, and therefore Josiah made it the lay-stall of idolatry, the dunghill to which he carried the filth and offscouring of all things, that, if possible, it might be made loathsome to those that had been fond of it. 2. The idolatrous priests were all put down. Those of them that were not of the house of Aaron, or had sacrificed to Baal or other false gods, he put to death, according to the law, v. 20. He slew them upon their own altars, the most acceptable sacrifice that ever had been offered upon them, a sacrifice to the justice of God. Those that were descendants from Aaron, and yet had burnt incense in the high places, but to the true God only, he forbade ever to approach the altar of the Lord; they had forfeited that honour (v. 9): He brought them out of the cities of Judah (v. 8), that they might not do mischief in the country by secretly keeping up their old idolatrous usages; but he allowed them to eat of the unleavened bread (the bread of the meat-offering, Lev. 2:4, 5) among their brethren, with whom they were to reside, that being under their eye they might be kept from doing hurt and taught to do well; that bread, that unleavened bread (heavy and unpleasant as it was), was better than they deserved, and that would serve to keep them alive. But whether they were permitted to eat of all the sacrifices, as blemished priests were (Lev. 21:22), which is called, in general, the bread of their God, may be justly questioned. 3. All the images were broken to pieces and burnt. The image of the grove (v. 6), some goddess or other, was reduced to ashes, and the ashes cast upon the graves of the common people (v. 6), the common burying-place of the city. By the law a ceremonial uncleanness was contracted by the touch of a grave, so that in casting them here he declared them most impure, and none could touch them without thereby making themselves unclean. He cast it into the graves (so the Chaldee), intimating that he would have all idolatry buried out of his sight, as a loathsome thing, and forgotten, as dead men are out of mind, v. 14. He filled the places of the groves with the bones of men; as he carried the ashes of the images to the graves, to mingle them with dead men's bones, so he carried dead men's bones to the places where the images had been, and put them in the room of them, that, both ways, idolatry might be rendered loathsome, and the people kept both from the dust of the images and from the ruins of the places where they had been worshipped. Dead men and dead gods were much alike and fittest to go together. 4. All the wicked houses were suppressed, those nests of impiety that harboured idolaters, the houses of the Sodomites, v. 7. "Down with them, down with them, rase them to the foundations.'' The high places were in like manner broken down and levelled with the ground (v. 8), even that which belonged to the governor of the city; for no man's greatness or power may protect him in idolatry or profaneness. Let governors be obliged, in the first place, to reform, and then the governed will be the sooner influenced. He defiled the high places (v. 8 and again v. 13), did all he could to render them abominable, and put the people out of conceit with them, as Jehu did when he made the house of Baal a draught-house, 2 Ki. 10:27. Tophet, which, contrary to other places of idolatry, was in a valley, whereas they were on hills or high places, was likewise defiled (v. 10), was made the burying-place of the city. Concerning this we have a whole sermon, Jer. 19:1, 2, etc., where it is said, They shall bury in Tophet, and the whole city is threatened to be made like Tophet. 5. The horses that had been given to the sun were taken away and put to common use, and so were delivered from the vanity to which they were made subject; and the chariots of the sun (what a pity was it that those horses and chariots should be kept as the chariots and horsemen of Israel!) he burnt with fire; and, if the sun be a flame, they never resembled him so much as they did when they were chariots of fire. 6. The workers with familiar spirits and the wizards were put away, v. 24. Those of them that were convicted of witchcraft, it is likely, he put to death, and so deterred others from those diabolical practices. In all this he had a sincere regard to the words of the law which were written in the book lately found, v. 24. He made that law his rule and kept that in his eye throughout this reformation.
III. How his zeal extended itself to the cities of Israel that were within his reach. The ten tribes were carried captive and the Assyrian colonies did not fully people the country, so that, it is likely, many cities had put themselves under the protection of the kings of Judah, 2 Chr. 30:1; 34:6. These he here visits, to carry on his reformation. As far as our influence goes our endeavours should go to do good and bring the wickedness of the wicked to an end.
1. He defiled and demolished Jeroboam's altar at Bethel, with the high place and the grove that belonged to it, v. 15, 16. The golden calf, it should seem, was gone (thy calf, O Samaria! has cast thee off), but the altar was there, which those that were wedded to their old idolatries made use of still. This was, (1.) Defiled, v. 16. Josiah, in his pious zeal, was ransacking the old seats of idolatry, and spied the sepulchres in the mount, in which probably the idolatrous priests were buried, not far from the altar at which they had officiated, and which they were so fond of that they were desirous to lay their bones by it; these he opened, took out the bones, and burnt them upon the altar, to show that thus he would have done by the priests themselves if they had been alive, as he did by those whom he found alive, v. 20. Thus he polluted the altar, desecrated it, and made it odious. It is threatened against idolaters (Jer. 8:1, 2) that their bones shall be spread before the sun; that which is there threatened and this which is here executed (bespeaking their iniquity to be upon their bones, Eze. 32:27) are an intimation of a punishment after death, reserved for those that live and die impenitent in that or any other sin; the burning of the bones, if that were all, is a small matter, but, if it signify the torment of the soul in a worse flame (Lu. 16:24), it is very dreadful. This, as it was Josiah's act, seems to have been the result of a very sudden resolve; he would not have done it but that he happened to turn himself, and spy the sepulchres; and yet it was foretold above 350 years before, when this altar was first built by Jeroboam, 1 Ki. 13:2. God always foresees, and has sometimes foretold as certain, that which yet to us seems most contingent. The king's heart is in the hand of the Lord; king Josiah's was so, and he turned it (or ever he himself was aware, Cant. 6:12) to do this. No work of God shall fall to the ground. (2.) It was demolished. He broke down the altar and all its appurtenances (v. 15), burnt what was combustible, and, since an idol is nothing in the world, he went as far towards the annihilating of it as he could; for he stamped it small to powder and made it as dust before the wind.
2. He destroyed all the houses of the high places, all those synagogues of Satan that were in the cities of Samaria, v. 19. These the kings of Israel built, and God raised up this king of Judah to pull them down, for the honour of the ancient house of David, from which the ten tribes had revolted; the priests he justly made sacrifices upon their own altars, v. 20.
3. He carefully preserved the sepulchre of that man of God who came from Judah to foretel this, which now a king who came from Judah executed. This was that good prophet who proclaimed these things against the altar of Bethel, and yet was himself slain by a lion for disobeying the word of the Lord; but to show that God's displeasure against him went no further than his death, but ended there, God so ordered it that when all the graves about his were disturbed his was safe (v. 17, 18) and no man moved his bones. He had entered into peace, and therefore should rest in his bed, Isa. 57:2. The old lying prophet, who desired to be buried as near him as might be, it should seem, knew what he did; for his dust also, being mingled with that of the good prophet, was preserved for his sake; see Num. 23:10.
IV. We are here told what a solemn passover Josiah and his people kept after all this. When they had cleared the country of the old leaven they then applied themselves to the keeping of the feast. When Jehu had destroyed the worship of Baal, yet he took no heed to walk in the commandments and ordinances of God; but Josiah considered that we must learn to do well, and no only cease to do evil, and that the way to keep out all abominable customs is to keep up all instituted ordinances (see Lev. 18:30), and therefore he commanded all the people to keep the passover, which was not only a memorial of their deliverance out of Egypt, but a token of their dedication to him that brought them out and their communion with him. This he found written in the book of the law, here called the book of the covenant; for, though the divine authority may deal with us in a way of absolute command, divine grace condescends to federal transactions, and therefore he observed it. We have not such a particular account of this passover as of that in Hezekiah's time, 2 Chr. 30. But, in general, we are told that there was not holden such a passover in any of the foregoing reigns, no, not from the days of the judges (v. 22), which, by the way, intimates that, though the account which the book of Judges gives of the state of Israel under that dynasty looks but melancholy, yet there were then some golden days. This passover, it seems, was extraordinary for the number and devotion of the communicants, their sacrifices and offerings, and their exact observance of the laws of the feast; and it was not now as in Hezekiah's passover, when many communicated that were not cleansed according to the purification of the sanctuary, and the Levites were permitted to do the priests' work. We have reason to think that during all the remainder of Josiah's reign religion flourished and the feasts of the Lord were very carefully observed; but in this passover the satisfaction they took in the covenant lately renewed, the reformation in pursuance of it, and the revival of an ordinance of which they had lately found the divine original in the book of the law, and which had long been neglected or carelessly kept, put them into great transports of holy joy; and God was pleased to recompense their zeal in destroying idolatry with uncommon tokens of his presence and favour. All this concurred to make it a distinguished passover.
Upon the reading of these verses we must say, Lord, though thy righteousness be as the great mountains梕vident, conspicuous, and past dispute, yet thy judgments are a great deep, unfathomable and past finding out, Ps. 36:6. What shall we say to this?
I. It is here owned that Josiah was one of the best kings that ever sat upon the throne of David, v. 25. As Hezekiah was a non-such for faith and dependence upon God in straits (ch. 18:5), so Josiah was a non-such for sincerity and zeal in carrying on a work of reformation. For this there was none like him, 1. That he turned to the Lord from whom his fathers had revolted. It is true religion to turn to God as one we have chosen and love. He did what he could to turn his kingdom also to the Lord. 2. That he did this with his heart and soul; his affections and aims were right in what he did. Those make nothing of their religion that do not make heart-work of it. 3. That he did it with all his heart, and all his soul, and all his might梬ith vigour, and courage, and resolution: he could not otherwise have broken through the difficulties he had to grapple with. What great things may we bring to pass in the service of God if we be but lively and hearty in it! 4. That he did this according to all the law of Moses, in an exact observance of that law and with an actual regard to it. His zeal did not transport him into any irregularities, but, in all he did, he walked by rule.
II. Notwithstanding this he was cut off by a violent death in the midst of his days, and his kingdom was ruined within a few years after. Consequent upon such a reformation as this, one would have expected nothing but the prosperity and glory both of king and kingdom; but, quite contrary, we find both under a cloud. 1. Even the reformed kingdom continues marked for ruin. For all this (v. 26) the Lord turned not from the fierceness of his great wrath. That is certainly true, which God spoke by the prophet (Jer. 18:7, 8), that if a nation, doomed to destruction, turn from the evil of sin, God will repent of the evil of punishment; and therefore we must conclude that Josiah's people, though they submitted to Josiah's power, did not heartily imbibe Josiah's principles. They were turned by force, and did not voluntarily turn from their evil way, but still continued their affection for their idols; and therefore he that knows men's hearts would not recall the sentence, which was, That Judah should be removed, as Israel had been, and Jerusalem itself cast off, v. 27. Yet even this destruction was intended to be their effectual reformation; so that we must say, not only that the criminals had filled their measure and were ripe for ruin, but also that the disease had come to a crisis, and was ready for a cure; and this shall be all the fruit, even the taking away of sin. 2. As an evidence of this, even the reforming king is cut off in the midst of his usefulness梚n mercy to him, that he might not see the evil which was coming upon his kingdom, but in wrath to his people, for his death was an inlet to their desolations. The king of Egypt waged war, it seems, with the king of Assyria: so the king of Babylon is now called. Josiah's kingdom lay between them. He therefore thought himself concerned to oppose the king of Egypt, and check the growing, threatening, greatness of his power; for though, at this time, he protested that he had no design against Josiah, yet, if he should prevail to unite the river of Egypt and the river Euphrates, the land of Judah would soon be overflowed between them. Therefore Josiah went against him, and was killed in the first engagement, v. 29, 30. Here, (1.) We cannot justify Josiah's conduct. He had no clear call to engage in this war, nor do we find that he asked counsel of God by urim or prophets concerning it. What had he to do to appear and act as a friend and ally to the king of Assyria? Should he help the ungodly and love those that hate the Lord? If the kings of Egypt and Assyria quarrelled, he had reason to think God would bring good out of it to him and his people, by making them instrumental to weaken one another. Some understand the promise made to him that he should come to his grave in peace in a sense in which it was not performed because, by his miscarriage in this matter, he forfeited the benefit of it. God has promised to keep us in all our ways; but, if we go out of our way, we throw ourselves out of his protection. I understand the promise so as that I believe it was fulfilled, for he died in peace with God and his own conscience, and saw not, nor had any immediate prospect of, the destruction of Judah and Jerusalem by the Chaldeans; yet I understand the providence to be a rebuke to him for his rashness. (2.) We must adore God's righteousness in taking away such a jewel from an unthankful people that knew not how to value it. They greatly lamented his death (2 Chr. 35:25), urged to it by Jeremiah, who told them the meaning of it, and what a threatening omen it was; but they had not made a due improvement of the mercies they enjoyed by his life, of which God taught them the worth by the want.
Jerusalem saw not a good day after Josiah was laid in his grave, but one trouble came after another, till within twenty-two years it was quite destroyed. Of the reign of two of his sons here is a short account; the former we find here a prisoner and the latter a tributary to the king of Egypt, and both so in the very beginning of their reign. This king of Egypt having slain Josiah, though he had not had any design upon Judah, yet, being provoked by the opposition which Josiah gave him, now, it should seem, he bent all his force against his family and kingdom. If Josiah's sons had trodden in his steps, they would have fared the better for his piety; but, deviating from them, they fared the worse for his rashness.
I. Jehoahaz, a younger son, was first made king by the people of the land, probably because he was observed to be of a more active warlike genius than his elder brother, and likely to make head against the king of Egypt and to avenge his father's death, which perhaps the people were more solicitous about, in point of honour, than the keeping up and carrying on of his father's reformation; and the issue was accordingly. 1. He did ill, v. 32. Though he had a good education and a good example given him, and many a good prayer, we may suppose, put up for him, yet he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord, and, it is to be feared, began to do so in his father's lifetime, for his reign was so short that he could not, in that, show much of his character. He did according to all that his wicked fathers had done. Though he had not time to do much, yet he had chosen his patterns, and showed whom he intended to follow and whose steps he resolved to tread in; and, having done this, he is here reckoned to have done according to all the evil which those did whom he proposed to imitate. It is of great consequence to young people whom they choose to take for their patterns and whom they emulate. An error in this choice is fatal. Phil. 3:17, 18. 2. Doing ill, no wonder that he fared ill. He was but three months a prince, and was then made a prisoner, and lived and died so. The king of Egypt seized him, and put him in bands (v. 33), fearing lest he should give him disturbance, and carried him to Egypt, where he died soon after, v. 34. This Jehoahaz is that young lion whom Ezekiel speaks of in his lamentation for the princes of Israel, that learnt to catch the prey and devour men (that was the evil which he did in the sight of the Lord); but the nations heard of him, he was taken in their pit, and they brought him with chains into the land of Egypt, Eze. 19:1-4. See Jer. 22:10�.
II. Eliakim, another son of Josiah, was made king by the king of Egypt, it is not said in the room of Jehoahaz (his reign was so short that it was scarcely worth taking notice of), but in the room of Josiah. The crown of Judah had hitherto always descended from a father to a son, and never, till now, from one brother to another; once the succession had so happened in the house of Ahab, but never, till now, in the house of David. The king of Egypt, having used his power in making him king, further showed it in changing his name; he called him Jehoiakim, a name that has reference to Jehovah, for he had no design to make him renounce or forget the religion of his country. "All people will walk in the name of their God, and let him do so.'' The king of Babylon did not do so by those whose names he changed, Dan. 1:7. Of this Jehoiakim we are here told, 1. That the king of Egypt made him poor, exacted from him a vast tribute of 100 talents of silver and a talent of gold (v. 33), which, with much difficulty, he squeezed out of his subjects and gave to Pharaoh, v. 35. Formerly the Israelites had spoiled the Egyptians; now the Egyptians spoil Israel. See what woeful changes sin makes. 2. That which made him poor, yet did not make him good. Notwithstanding the rebukes of Providence he was under, by which he should have been convinced, humbled, and reformed, he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord (v. 37), and so prepared against himself greater judgments; for such God will send if less do not do the work for which they are sent.
Boston Public Library A catalogue of books belonging to the Lower hall of the Central department 1873 Graphic Html Free MOA-UMich
Boston Public Library. Roxbury branch Catalogue of books in the Roxbury branch library of the Boston Public Library, including the collection of the 1876 2ed Graphic Html Free MOA-UMich
Columbia University. Krumb School of min Catalogue of the books & pamphlets in the library, School of mines, Columbia college 18?? Graphic Html Free MOA-UMich
Edwards, Edward, 1812-86 Free town libraries, their formation, mgmt, & history; in G.B., France, Germany, Amer. 1869 Graphic Html Free MOA-UMich
Free Public Library (Victoria, BC) Catalogue of books in the Free Public Library of Victoria city 1890 Graphic Free UCalgary
Luse, James P Agassiz: The lessons of his life. Lecture, Louisville libr. Ass, Feb 1874 1874] Graphic Html Free MOA-UMich
     This is to remind you that meetings of the TNCC Board, administrative units and committees are open to anyone desiring to attend. Any input will be given full consideration. Minutes are retained on file and are available upon request. The following is for your information.
     The TNCC Board meets on the fourth Thursday of each month at 7:30 p.m. in the President's conference room. This meeting is covered by members of the press and is usually reported in detail. Anyone wishing to present an item to the Board should contact me so that the item can be considered for the agenda.
     The Cabinet (President and deans) meets every Monday at 9:30 a . m . in my office. Anyone desiring to attend should inform Mrs. Brady or me.
Division chairmen usually meet with the Dean of Instruction Thursdays at 9:30 p.m. in the Dean's conference room. Information concerning these meetings may be obtained f r om Dean Kitchin or Mrs. Guidas.
Committee meetings are held at the call of the chairmen. All faculty members are considered ex officio members of every
Description The President's Newsletter was the first college wide newsletter issued by the President's office. It was issued from 1969 until mid-1979, when it was superceeded by the TNCC Newsletter.
Rights © 1975 Thomas Nelson Community College. Copying allowed only for noncommercial use with acknowledgement of source.
Transcript NEWSLETTER Thomas Nelson Community College February 3, 1975 VOL. 6 NO.8 Access to Meetings This is to remind you that meetings of the TNCC Board, administrative units and committees are open to anyone desiring to attend. Any input will be given full consideration. Minutes are retained on file and are available upon request. The following is for your information. The TNCC Board meets on the fourth Thursday of each month at 7:30 p.m. in the President's conference room. This meeting is covered by members of the press and is usually reported in detail. Anyone wishing to present an item to the Board should contact me so that the item can be considered for the agenda. The Cabinet (President and deans) meets every Monday at 9:30 a . m . in my office. Anyone desiring to attend should inform Mrs. Brady or me. The Central Administrative Staff meets as required at the call of the President. Division chairmen usually meet with the Dean of Instruction Thursdays at 9:30 p.m. in the Dean's conference room. Information concerning these meetings may be obtained f r om Dean Kitchin or Mrs. Guidas. Committee meetings are held at the call of the chairmen. All faculty members are considered ex officio members of every
Silk Road was a particularly unfortunate example of good technology used for bad ends. It was a virtual black market for drugs, identity theft, and other crime. An affidavit from FBI special agent Christopher Tarbell hit the internet today which shed some light on how the FBI identified the alleged founder of Silk Road Ross Ulbricht. Ulbricht was identified by identifying information in common between his Google+ and LinkedIn profiles with internet posts made to Stack Overflow, server activity, Youtube video favorites, and other interesting tidbits. The lynchpin of the FBI effort, however, appears to be the seizure of servers from an unidentified foreign locale using the Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty. The affidavit does not give any information on how they located the physical servers given that Silk Road used TOR:
During the course of this investigation, the FBI has located a number of computer servers, both in the United States and in multiple foreign countries, associated with the operation of Silk Road. In particular, the FBI has located in a certain foreign country the server used to host Silk Road's website (the "Silk Road Web Server"). Pursuant to a Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty request, an image of the Silk Road Web Server was made on or about July 23, 2013, and produced thereafter to the FBI. (Paragraph 22, Page 14).
I am hoping the FBI made some really awesome break on their own or that Ulbricht slipped up, but cannot help but wonder if the shadow of “parallel construction” may ultimately have fallen over the road. This is certainly plausible given recent incidents involving deanonymization attacks against the tor network, and other recent news coverage raising concerns about government efforts against it. Hypos aside, I would love to know the details on how they identified the server location.
CLH Logistics is a management and supply chain consulting and services firm that works with manufacturers, distributors and 3PL's as well as wholesale, retail, transportation and warehousing companies. We support all the logistics disciplines including: Warehousing & Distribution, Inventory Control, Transportation Contracting & Procurement, Provider Management, Transportation Management and Settlement. We also handle fleet management, maintenance and various back office functions.
Through our affiliated consortium we bring experienced operators to bear improving our client's entire supply chain. Our approach is to assess, recommend improvements and implement changes creating a positive impact through people, processes and technology. We also provide systems support including: selection, configuration, integration and implementation of related technologies.
Our H&S Management, LTD division provides manufacturing, machining and assembly work for the Department of Defense, various government agencies and private sector customers across all industry verticals.
I can not participate now in discussion - there is no free time. I will return - I will necessarily express the opinion on this question.
Thisgreat site from EnchantedLearning.com has an index that makes it easyto find crafts for every occasion. There is a link for preschool andkindergarten crafts also.
This site has LOTS of free, fun, games for kids and there's even good stuff for parents and teachers here.
Theirslogan is "Smart is fun." This is a REALLY fun site that helps youlearn about South Carolina. Listen to some of the Gullah Tales withAunt Pearlie-Sue or take a virtual field trip.
Thissite has lots of fun and interesting activities connected with yourfavorite PBS shows like Arthur, Dragon Tales, and Zoboomafoo.
-This is a GREAT site. You can search for words in French, Spanish,German, Italian, & English. A picture and the correct spelling areshown in the language that you request.
Yes! This is a fun site and helpful too! Turn on your speakers and listen to your computer pronounce the words.
In preparation of its annual meeting in Davos, which will take place from 23 to 27 January, the World Economic Forum released this week the Global Risks Report 2013, which analyses the risks perceived as the most likely to manifest over the next 10 years. Based on an annual survey of over 1000 experts from industry, government and academia, the report considers a landscape of 50 global risks in terms of impact, likelihood and interconnections.
For the second year in a row, the risk of severe income disparity has been rated as having the highest impact and likelihood, However the top five risks ranked in 2013 include the rising in greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) and water supply crisis as respectively the third and the fourth most likely global risk. Based on these results, the report presents three major risk cases aimed at exploring the impact of the major risks and their interconnection at the global and national levels. In particular, the first case “Testing Economic and Environmental Resilience” highlights that tough economic conditions coupled with frequent extreme events represent “an increasingly dangerous mix” for the economic system. According to the report, at the moment the attention of world’s leaders is completely focused on the recovery of global economy. At the same time, however, the environmental system is coming under increasing stress. Future simultaneous shocks to both systems could led to the “perfect global storm”, with potentially insurmountable effects.
Finally, the report also explores a “X Factors” – emerging concerns, developed in partnership with the editors of Nature, which need more research. They include the runaway climate change and the deployment of geoengineering technologies.
The US federal government on Tuesday (May, 6) released the third National Climate Assessment, an updated report on how climate change is impacting the country. According to the report, “since the second National Climate Assessment was published in 2009, the climate has continued to change, with resulting effects on the United States. The trends described read more…
What are the costs of adaptation in developing countries? What is the finance available to meet them? How can the anticipated difference between the two estimates be bridged? These are the thorny questions addressed by the Adaptation Finance Gap Report 2016, launched by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) in May at the Adaptation Future Conference read more…
Towards a post-2015 resilient world: the 3rd World Conference on Disaster Risk Reduction to open in Sendai
From 14 to 18 March 2015, the city of Sendai (Japan) will host the 3rd World Conference on Disaster Risk Reduction (WCDRR), aimed at reviewing the implementation of the Hyogo Framework for Action 2005-2015 (HFA) and at adopting a new enhanced international framework for the post-2015 period. The HFA was endorsed in 2005 during the read more…
On Friday (April 24) ministers from the 8 arctic states and leaders of Arctic Indigenous Peoples met in Iqaluit, Nunavut, Canada to mark the beginning of the new chairmanship of the Arctic Council by the United States. At the meeting, ministers signed the Iqaluit Declaration 2015, highlighting accomplishments of the Arctic Council during Canada’s 2-year read more…
Browse by Archives Select Month December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 December 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011
This website is under constant update. For questions, comments or suggestions, please email us at info@climateobserver.org
Having read the privacy notice concerning the use of my personal data for the purpose of receiving the newsletter
I do not consent (I am aware that without my consent I will not be able to subscribe to the newsletter)
This informative note is provided to all Users who interact with www.climateobserver.org. To see what cookies are used, how to disable them and who are the third parties, visit our Legal Notes and Privacy page.
Accessing any element outside of this banner also allows the use of third party cookies.OkPrivacy policy
Among the factors that affect the climate, few are as diverse and challenging to understand as aerosols. Minute particles suspended in the atmosphere, aerosols are emitted through a wide range of natural and industrial processes, and are transported around the globe by winds and weather. Once airborne, they affect the climate both directly, through scattering and absorption of solar radiation, and indirectly, through their impact on cloud properties. Combining all their effects, anthropogenic changes to aerosol concentrations are estimated to have had a climate impact over the industrial era that is second only to CO2. Their atmospheric lifetime of only a few days, however, makes their climate effects substantially different from those of well-mixed greenhouse gases.
Major aerosol types include sea salt, dust, sulfate compounds, and black carbon—or soot—from incomplete combustion. Of these, most scatter incoming sunlight back to space, and thus mainly cool the climate. Black carbon, however, absorbs sunlight, and therefore acts as a heating agent much like a greenhouse gas. Furthermore, aerosols can act as cloud condensation nuclei, causing clouds to become whiter—and thus more reflecting—further cooling the surface. Black carbon is again a special case, acting to change the stability of the atmosphere through local heating of the upper air, and also changing the albedo of the surface when it is deposited on snow and ice, for example.
The wide range of climate interactions that aerosols have, and the fact that their distribution depends on the weather at the time and location of emission, lead to large uncertainties in the scientific assessment of their impact. This in turn leads to uncertainties in our present understanding of the climate sensitivity, because while aerosols have predominantly acted to oppose 20th-century global warming by greenhouse gases, the magnitude of aerosol effects on climate is highly uncertain.
Finally, aerosols are important for large-scale climate events such as major volcanoes, or the threat of nuclear winter. The relative ease with which they can be produced and distributed has led to suggestions for using targeted aerosol emissions to counteract global warming—so-called climate engineering.
On June 15, 1991, Mt. Pinatubo in the Philippines erupted, ejecting a massive mushroom cloud of volcanic ash and dust. Billions of tons of fine-grained magma were emitted to the atmosphere, along with 20 million tons of sulfur compounds. The dust cloud gained altitudes of over 20 kilometers, entering the stratosphere, and in the following months spread out to cover the entire Northern Hemisphere.
At the same time, global mean temperature dropped by several tenths of a degree Kelvin, and stayed low for around two years. The Mt. Pinatubo eruption and its influence on global temperature made for a dramatic example of the impact that aerosols—minute particles suspended in the atmosphere—can have on our climate. It also marked a turning point in the scientific study of aerosols as an important and complex factor in climate evolution. A U.S. research group, led by climate scientist James Hansen, used a numerical climate model to correctly predict the broad features of the climate’s response to the eruption (Hansen, Lacis, Ruedy, & Sato, 1992).
Volcanoes are a natural, and unpredictable, source of atmospheric aerosols. Their effects are potentially very strong but always transient. Over the industrial era, however, anthropogenic activities have also added sources of aerosol emissions. Major examples are soot from incomplete combustion in diesel engines, cook stoves, and large-scale agricultural burning, and sulfate compounds resulting from SO2 emissions, mainly from fossil fuel usage. Like volcanic ash, these emissions also have an impact on our climate and need to be studied in detail if we are to understand the observed ongoing changes to global temperature and precipitation patterns.
In the early 21st century, aerosol physics, chemistry, and climate connections are among the most active subfields of climate science. It is generally recognized that changing aerosol emissions, both natural and anthropogenic, have played a key part in the climate evolution of the 20th century, obscuring the impact of the strengthened greenhouse effect caused by emission of CO2 and other long-lived greenhouse gases.
Due to the many ways in which aerosols may impact the climate, their actual role is however far from certain. In the summaries of anthropogenic radiative forcing regularly produced by the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) (Myhre et al., 2013b), increased CO2 concentration can be seen to dominate, but the main uncertainty on our net impact on the global energy balance comes from the wide range of aerosol–climate interactions.
This review first gives an overview of what atmospheric aerosols are and where they come from: emissions and secondary production, and anthropogenic and natural processes. Then, the various ways in which aerosols can affect the climate are discussed, before tackling their precise contributions to ongoing climate change. Global concerns about aerosols are covered, such as past and future major volcanic eruptions, the specter of nuclear winter, and the possibility of using them for large-scale geoengineering. Finally, some historical notes on the evolution of the scientific study of aerosols in the climate context are given, and some still-unanswered scientific questions are listed.
Aerosols, or particulate matter, are airborne particles suspended in the Earth’s atmosphere. The particles can be liquid, solid, or of mixed phase, and their diameters typically range from 0.01μ‎m to 100μ‎m (Boucher et al., 2013).
Aerosols can be either emitted directly to the atmosphere, as is the case for dust or sea spray swept up by winds and soot from incomplete combustion, or produced as a result of atmospheric chemical reactions from so-called precursor gases, as when SO2 emissions react with water vapor to produce sulfate compounds.
Once airborne, aerosols may undergo further chemical reactions or merge through coagulation (Isaksen et al., 2009). Some may change their size through hygroscopic growth. They may get washed back out of the atmosphere by encountering precipitation, or simply fall out through gravitational settling. The average lifetimes of aerosols in the atmosphere range from days to weeks, depend strongly on their size, emission location, and chemical properties, and are hard to measure.
Aerosols present in the atmosphere today are commonly categorized as either primary (emitted) or secondary (produced), and natural (resulting from a natural process) or anthropogenic (the product of industrial or other human activities). This overview uses assessments of lifetime and abundances from Boucher et al. (2013).
The most common natural aerosols are salt particles from sea spray droplets, mineral dust, and carbonaceous compounds from wildfires.
Sea spray aerosols are emitted to the air through the bursting of bubbles when waves break, and their production is therefore dependent on the strength of surface winds. It is estimated that 2,000–7,000 Tg (teragrams) of sea spray is emitted annually, mainly from the mid-latitude oceanic regions in both hemispheres.
Mineral dust is produced by disintegration of larger rocks, and swept up by winds from arid land regions. Major sources are desert regions of Northern Africa and the Middle East, Australia, and parts of Southern Asia. Estimates of annual dust emissions range from 1,000 to 4,000 Tg.
Emissions of carbonaceous aerosols, or soot, from natural wildfires are less well constrained, and also vary more from year to year. Wildfires occur in regions that both support significant growth of vegetation and are vulnerable to extended dry seasons. Examples are South America, boreal forests, and many regions of Central Africa. Aerosol emissions from such wildfires are commonly termed biomass burning aerosols.
In addition to these primary sources, natural emissions of aerosol precursors such as dimethyl sulfides, monoterpenes, isoprene, and biogenic volatile organic compounds are estimated to induce formation of hundreds to thousands of Tg of aerosols annually.
Major types of anthropogenic aerosols are sulfate and nitrate compounds, organic aerosols, and black carbon. Of these, sulfate and black carbon have received the most attention in the context of anthropogenic climate change.
Anthropogenic sulfate aerosols result from emissions of sulfur dioxide (SO2), which, once airborne, react with water vapor to produce sulfate compounds. The main source is combustion of fossil fuels and biomass. Global, annual emissions are estimated to be around 50 Tg of primary sulfur, concentrated around the largest industrial regions, and along major shipping lanes. Sulfate aerosols are highly hygroscopic; that is, they can undergo significant growth if they are emitted or transported into humid air.
Anthropogenic black carbon (BC), or soot, is a collective term for the products of incomplete combustion of fossil fuels, biofuels, and biomass. BC comes in a wide variety of shapes and sizes and can undergo significant changes after emission that alters its radiative and chemical properties (so-called BC aging). Around 5 Tg is estimated to be emitted annually—primarily from industrial and major crop-burning regions—though there is at present considerable uncertainty surrounding this number. A key feature of BC, distinguishing it from organic carbon and most other species of aerosol, is its ability to absorb solar radiation, which gives it a climate effect similar to a short-lived greenhouse gas.
Nitrate aerosols are produced from the oxidation of NOX emissions, primarily from combustion of nitrogen-bearing fuels. As for sulfate, they originate mainly from industrial regions and along shipping lanes, though reductions of nitrogen content in ship fuels from the late 2000s has reduced the latter source.
Organic aerosols (OA) are carbonaceous compounds that do not absorb solar radiation. They come from primary emission sources such as combustion of fossil fuels, biofuels, and biomass (known as primary organic aerosols, or POA), or from organic emissions, for example, from vegetation (known as secondary organic aerosols, or SOA). Sometimes the term organic carbon is also used. Recent research indicates that some OA may be weakly absorbing, particularly in the blue–to–ultraviolet part of the solar spectrum, placing them somewhere between the established categories OA and BC (Liu et al., 2015). Such aerosols are becoming known as brown carbon because of the spectral variation in absorption.
Knowing the main primary and secondary sources of aerosols is not sufficient to determine their concentration and composition in the atmosphere at any given location and time. After emission or production, aerosol transport and evolution will be subject to the prevailing weather, ambient temperature, and humidity. The particles may be washed out by rain more or less immediately, or they may get transported to high altitudes and across vast distances. Global wind patterns are such that aerosols rarely cross from one hemisphere to the other, but transport of aerosols from one continent to another is not uncommon.
To determine global abundances and composition of aerosols, a combination of observations and detailed modeling is used. Observations of aerosol properties are done from satellites, permanent ground-based stations, and mobile stations on ships and aircraft. Such observations are mainly able to discern the amount of sunlight either scattered or absorbed by the total amount of aerosols in the atmospheric column, and to some extent the size distribution of particulate matter. They are rarely able to divide aerosols into source categories, as done here in the section Major Aerosol Types and Sources.
The most commonly used observable quantity to study aerosol abundances is the aerosol optical depth (AOD), which quantifies the amount of incoming sunlight removed by aerosols when traversing down to the surface through scattering and absorption. By measuring AOD at several wavelengths, information on aerosol size distributions may be inferred.
Numerical models, on the other hand, use explicit emission inventories for each source category, and attempt to treat the complex physical and chemical processes that transport and alter aerosols after emission. They are, however, limited in resolution and hampered by incomplete knowledge of emissions, the physical and optical properties of the particles, and their treatment of weather and clouds.
Figure 1 shows a 10-year averaged map of AOD, as measured by the MODIS instrument (Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer) on the NASA satellite Terra (Levy, 2015).
Here, an optical depth of 1 means that the solar radiation reaching the surface is reduced to a fraction of its top-of-atmosphere value, 1/e. The map indicates the present-day major sources of aerosols: biomass burning emissions from some regions of Africa and South America, dust from arid regions around the equator, and anthropogenic emissions in the industrial regions of North America, Europe and—most notably—Southeastern Asia. The mid-latitude sea spray regions can also be seen.
Overlaid are pie charts showing decompositions into individual aerosol categories, as calculated by a numerical model (the OsloCTM, a detailed chemical transport model). They show how the local composition varies from being dominated by anthropogenic species such as sulfate and BC close to industrial regions, to dust and sea salt in remote areas. This difference in composition with region matters significantly, for both the local and global climate impact of aerosols, as will be discussed in the section Aerosols in the Context of Anthropogenic Climate Change. In addition, there is significant variability of species with altitude, which influences the climate impact of absorbing aerosols such as BC.
In summary, while aerosols are present across the globe, throughout the troposphere, and even in the stratosphere, their abundances and composition vary greatly with region, season, and altitude. All of these factors are of importance for the net climate impact of aerosols—both in general, and as part of the ongoing anthropogenic climate changes.
This section reviews the various ways in which aerosols can affect the climate. See also Figure 2 (from Boucher et al. [(2013]).
Figure 2. Summary of the major aerosol–climate interactions, and the nomenclature adopted in the IPCC AR5. See the main text for additional mechanisms.
Broadly stated, the boundary conditions of the climate are determined by the balance and flow of energy in the ocean/atmosphere system. The Earth is hit by solar radiation, some of which is instantly reflected back into space by clouds and high-albedo land surfaces. A significant fraction is however absorbed by the surface, notably the oceans, and later emitted back as longwave heat radiation. Some of this radiation is kept in the atmosphere for a while, by absorption and re-emission by greenhouse gases; that is, the greenhouse effect. Over time, the surface temperature of the planet will adapt to this radiative balance and reach an equilibrium value, with some interannual variations in temperature and precipitation largely due to internal rearrangement of energy in the climate system. Since the climate of the Earth is broadly quite stable, having until recently seen less than a degree Kelvin of change over the last 10k years (the present interglacial hot period, the Holocene), we know that the balance of incoming and outgoing energy from the Earth system must be remarkably good.
For aerosols to impact the climate system, they must in some way affect the incoming shortwave energy, the outgoing longwave energy, or the internal flow of energy. The example in the introduction of the drop in global temperatures after the Mt. Pinatubo eruption shows that such aerosol–climate interactions exist and can be significant. Since the 1980s, aerosol climate science has uncovered a wide range of climate interconnections, and determined that some of them have been significant enough to have had impacts on the climate, almost on par with those from increased greenhouse gas concentrations.
The most obvious aerosol–climate interactions are the ability of aerosols to scatter or absorb incoming sunlight.
The first of these, scattering, is what was in play after the Mt. Pinatubo eruption. The volcano emitted large amounts of dust, and of SO2, which subsequently transformed into sulfate compounds in the atmosphere. A significant fraction of the sulfate ended up in the stratosphere, where there is no precipitation to wash the aerosol back out and atmospheric dynamics acts to keep the aerosol airborne.
Over the course of a few months the sulfate spread around most of the globe. This layer of particles scattered back so much additional sunlight to space that surface temperatures dropped in response. The global energy balance had, albeit temporarily, been offset.
All species of aerosol are, to various degrees, able to scatter sunlight. To determine their precise scattering power, however, we need to know their sizes and optical properties. Optical properties vary between species, and are usually determined through lab experiments. Aerosol size distributions are more challenging, as they are strongly modified by hygroscopic growth. For example, sulfate is highly hygroscopic, meaning that it very readily grows if the ambient humidity is high; this process strongly modifies its scattering properties. Nitrate is also hygroscopic, but to a lesser degree than sulfate. Black carbon is not hygroscopic when it is emitted, but can become so if it gets coated with sulfate or other hygroscopic compounds.
Optical processes, size distributions, growth, and aging factors are at present included in global climate models (Mann et al., 2014). Based on Mie theory, numerical radiative transfer libraries solve the differential equations describing the interactions of incoming shortwave sunlight with both aerosols and other gases in the atmosphere. Of all the aerosol–climate interactions, this scattering effect—part of what is commonly termed the aerosol direct radiative effect—is the one best understood.
Some aerosol species, notably black carbon, can also absorb incoming shortwave radiation (Bond et al., 2013). This heats the aerosol particles, which in turn emit longwave heat radiation to the ambient air. Increasing concentrations of absorbing aerosols may therefore warm the climate, similar to the effect of greenhouse gases.
As was the case for scattering, the ability of an aerosol particle to absorb sunlight depends on size, optical properties, and morphology. In the early 21st century, “black carbon” is understood to include a wide range of products of incomplete combustion, from small, single spheres to long chains with greatly varying shapes. Understanding the time evolution of black carbon optical properties after emission is presently an active field of research.
Location also matters, as does altitude. When located above a highly reflective surface, such as ice or clouds, absorbing aerosols may interact both with downwelling and reflected radiation. As a result, averaged aerosol absorption efficiency has been found to increase dramatically with altitude, up to the tropopause, above which there are no more clouds. This means that the impact of black carbon on the global energy balance gets stronger the higher up in the atmosphere it is transported. It is also elevated above ice sheets such as at the poles or over Greenland. Hence, thorough knowledge of transport mechanisms, removal rates, and atmospheric lifetime is crucial to determine the total perturbation to the global energy balance from absorbing aerosols.
Black carbon, which, as the name implies, has a dark color, has an additional climate interaction after it is removed from the atmosphere. If the surface it lands on originally has high albedo, black carbon will darken it, causing absorption of sunlight and hence heating of the surface.
This process is especially important on snow and ice. In the Arctic, long-range-transported black carbon deposition is thought to contribute both to an increased melting rate of sea ice and to the observed heightened rate of Arctic warming relative to the global mean (Arctic amplification) (Pithan & Mauritsen, 2014). Deposition on glaciers is also thought to contribute to the significant reduction in volume of Himalayan glaciers.
In addition to direct interaction with sunlight, aerosols may also affect the formation, albedo, and lifetime of clouds. These processes have been termed the aerosol indirect and semidirect effects (see the subsections Cloud Albedo Effect and Cloud Lifetime Effect for alternate names).
Clouds form when supersaturated water vapor condenses into droplets. To get started, this process needs physical objects for the first water molecules to attach to—so-called cloud condensation nuclei (CCN). Many aerosol species are highly efficient as CCN, meaning that a change in aerosol concentration will alter the rate of cloud droplet formation.
Natural aerosols, for example, dust or sea spray, are present almost everywhere throughout the troposphere. Hence, a shortage of CCN is usually not an inhibiting factor for cloud formation. However, the concentration of CCN may still determine the number of droplets formed for a given amount of atmospheric water.
Due to multiple scattering, a cloud consisting of many small droplets will appear whiter than one made up of fewer, larger drops containing the same amount of water. Whiter clouds reflect more sunlight. Hence, an increase in the concentration of aerosols in a cloud-forming layer will lead to increased reflection of incoming radiation—that is, a cooling effect on the Earth’s atmosphere.
The idea that anthropogenic aerosol emissions could alter cloud properties in this way was first introduced by Sean Twomey in a series of papers in 1977 (Twomey, 1977). When satellite imagery of ocean regions became readily available in the late 1980s, the concept was shown to be highly relevant as ship exhaust was clearly seen to modify clouds above and downwind of the emission tracks. See Figure 3 for a recent example.
Figure 3. Tracks of clouds appearing in the wake of passing ships, imaged from space. These so-called ship tracks are a visual example of the ability of aerosols to act as cloud droplet condensation nuclei.
The cloud albedo effect is sometimes termed the Twomey effect in the literature, or the 1st indirect effect.
Next, altering the number concentration and size distribution of cloud droplets will also affect the atmospheric lifetime of a cloud (Albrecht, 1989). Clouds dissipate through evaporation of droplets, or through droplet growth via collisions, which eventually leads to precipitation. A larger concentration of CCN and subsequent change in droplet concentration and size, will act to reduce the rate of precipitation from a given cloud, but may also enhance evaporation, depending on cloud type and local thermodynamic conditions.
Whether the cloud lifetime effect from an increase in aerosols will heat or cool the climate depends both on the altitude of the modified cloud and on the sign of the lifetime change. Low clouds normally cool the surface by blocking incoming sunlight. Conversely, high-altitude clouds heat the surface by reflecting back outgoing longwave radiation. Hence, the net magnitude and even the sign of the cloud lifetime effect from present anthropogenic aerosol emissions are poorly known.
The cloud lifetime effect is sometimes alternately termed the Albrecht effect in the literature, or the 2nd indirect effect.
Finally, the presence of aerosols may affect the convective stability of the atmosphere and the ambient temperature within a cloud. Both of these effects may indirectly alter cloud formation rates and hence influence the climate. Collectively, these effects are termed the aerosol semidirect effects.
Convective cloud formation begins with updraft from the heated planetary surface. The strength of this updraft is dependent on the change in temperature with altitude, or lapse rate, through the troposphere. If an absorbing aerosol, like black carbon, is inserted at a high altitude, it will heat the ambient air and cool the surface, reducing the lapse rate. Hence, cloud formation below the aerosol layer may be reduced. At the altitude of the aerosol, however, the increased temperature may inhibit cloud formation. Further, absorbing aerosols embedded in droplets within an already existing cloud may contribute to its evaporation, so-called cloud burnoff.
The semidirect aerosol effect is at present poorly understood, although it is an active field of research. Improvements are needed, through both observations and the representation of the semidirect effect in models.
In summary, atmospheric aerosols have a range of direct and indirect interactions with the climate. They can both directly scatter and absorb incoming, or reflected, shortwave radiation, and affect emitted longwave heat radiation through absorption and by affecting clouds. By acting as CCN, they alter both the formation and evaporation rates of clouds, and hence also their lifetimes and precipitation rates. By altering atmospheric stability, they also affect convective cloud formation. All of these interactions are potentially significant enough to have global impacts on the Earth’s climate, should the long-term concentration of aerosols change.
Over the industrial era, anthropogenic activities have introduced sources of atmospheric aerosols in addition to their natural formation processes. While aerosols stay in the atmosphere only for some days, the anthropogenic sources are still large enough to alter their global mean concentrations. In the early 21st century, aerosols are counted as one of the major factors that have altered the global energy balance since preindustrial times. Their role is, however, much harder to pin down than that of the well-mixed greenhouse gases. One reason for this is the short atmospheric residence time of aerosols, which means that to get a handle on their total radiative effects, we would really need to measure them everywhere and at all times—which we obviously cannot do. Another is that because their composition in the atmosphere is so variable, both spatially and over time, their radiative impacts at the surface and at the top of the atmosphere can be largely independent, while for greenhouse gases, one may be inferred from the other. These and other effects turn aerosols into a major source of uncertainty in projections of future climate.
In this section, we review present estimates of the radiative forcing exerted by changes in aerosol abundances, through the climate interactions discussed in the section Aerosol–Climate Interactions. Radiative forcing (RF) is defined as the perturbation to the global energy balance due to a change in the climate system, before any response in temperature or other climate processes has occurred. Forcing estimates are primarily taken from the IPCC 5th Assessment Report (AR5). We also discuss other topics relevant to anthropogenic climate change, such as the link between aerosols and precipitation, and how they hamper our ability to determine the transient climate sensitivity from historical data.
Radiative forcing due to the direct interaction of atmospheric aerosols with radiation, colloquially termed direct radiative forcing, has been estimated both from models and from observational studies. Since there are multiple aerosol species, with varying scattering and absorption strength, even the net direct aerosol RF over the industrial era (here taken as the years 1750–2010) is quite uncertain.
Figure 4, from the IPCC AR5 (Boucher et al., 2013), shows a recent best assessment of the direct RF of the major anthropogenic aerosol species.
Figure 4. Overview of the radiative forcing from the direct radiative effect for the main aerosol species. The solid boxes show the recent expert assessment presented in the IPCC AR5. Note the large spread on the total RF.
Hatched boxes show the result from a recent multi-model assessment, while the solid boxes combine these results with independent observational constraints and expert assessment.
Sulfate can be seen to be the dominant scattering component, having had a cooling effect on the climate over the industrial era. BC is found to be the major absorbing component, with a positive RF. Primary organic aerosol (POA) and nitrates are also scattering, with RFs likely to be negative. For biomass burning aerosol, secondary organic aerosol (SOA), and mineral dust due to industrial activities, estimates vary even in sign.
The AR5 assessed the net RF of the direct radiative effect from aerosols to be –0.27 Wm–2, with a 9–95% confidence range of [–0.77,0.23] Wm–2; that is, it is highly likely to have been negative, but with a small possibility for a positive value.
Aerosol indirect effects are harder to assess. Fewer observational constraints exist, meaning we must rely on model information. Unfortunately, cloud microphysics is among the hardest processes to treat in global climate models, as computations quickly become prohibitively expensive. Hence model results on the indirect effect are limited in precision both by their internal representation of clouds, and by their parameterizations of the various aerosol indirect interactions.
Sulfate is reckoned as the major contributor to the cloud albedo and lifetime effects, due to its high number concentration. Black carbon, as the only major absorbing aerosol, is counted as the major species for the semidirect effect.
Figure 5 shows the IPCC AR5 summary of radiative forcing over the industrial era. The estimate of –0.27 Wm−2 from the direct effect can be seen in the column labeled “Aerosols and precursor.” Below this, the AR5 best estimate for the combined indirect effects, or cloud modifications due to aerosols, is listed as –0.55 (–1.33, –0.02) Wm−2.
As Figure 5 shows, the IPCC AR5 estimate for industrial era RF from CO2 is 1.68 Wm–2, with a 90% uncertainty range of 1.33–2.03 Wm−2.
Figure 5. Summary of anthropogenic radiative forcing in 2011 relative to 1750, from the IPCC AR5. Note how the aerosols and precursors have both positive and negative impacts on the global energy balance, and the size of the uncertainty bar on the cloud adjustments due to aerosols.
While the total aerosol contribution is assessed to be much smaller in magnitude, its uncertainty range is relatively larger. Hence, while anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases are the main drivers of the present climate energy imbalance, one main component in the remaining uncertainty comes from aerosol processes. Specifically, the indirect aerosol effect is, at the time of writing, the climate interaction that has the largest uncertainty relative to its magnitude. Significant effort is being put into reducing this uncertainty, but the due to lack of computational power, good observations, and even present understanding of the physical mechanisms involved, it is hard to overcome.
These estimates for aerosol RF are taken over the whole industrial era, that is, the conditions in 2010 relative to those estimated to have prevailed in 1750. Between these times, aerosol emissions and concentrations have naturally had a nonlinear, spatially heterogeneous evolution. This evolution broadly follows the progress of industrialization.
In Europe and North America, emissions of black carbon from closed combustion sources is estimated to have peaked around 1920, and then to have rapidly declined as combustion engines improved and air quality concerns came to the fore. In the rest of the world, black carbon emissions started to increase gradually around 1950, and are estimated to have peaked around 2010. Sulfate emissions have followed similar trends, with European and U.S. emissions peaking in the early 20th century, then declining with various U.S. and European clean air laws and directives. Southeast Asia, on the other hand, has seen a strong increase in sulfate loading from SO2 emissions since the 1960s.
This shift from European and American sources to East Asian sources, combined with the relatively short atmospheric lifetime of aerosols, implies a shift in local radiative forcing. This shift has been implicated in the observed behavior of regional surface temperature, which shows a peak around 1950 in Europe and the United States, but not in Asia (Stocker et al., 2013). The simplified picture is that aerosol scattering of incoming sunlight, from sulfate in particular, held global warming in check over parts of the world for some decades. The phenomenon itself, known as global dimming, is well established (Wild et al., 2009). Its connection to the temperature evolution is, however, more tenuous, as volcanoes and natural variability of the sun and oceans may also have played significant parts.
The perhaps most hotly burning question in all of climate science is the sensitivity of the global temperature per unit of radiative forcing—or the global climate sensitivity. While both observations and model estimates have improved greatly since the 1980s, the range of estimates of the climate sensitivity has stubbornly refused to converge. In fact, the range from the IPCC AR5 is virtually identical to that from the 1st Assessment Report, which came out in 1990.
One challenge we face when trying to determine the climate sensitivity is that there have been several processes at work at the same time, altering the global energy balance in different ways. While the well-mixed greenhouse gases have added energy to the system, aerosols, as we have seen, have most likely acted to cool the Earth. The situation is much like a tug-of-war, with greenhouses gases and aerosols pulling in opposite directions. What we observe is the resulting change in global mean temperature, and from this we must try to infer the two opposing forces.
For climate sensitivity, it has been shown that the uncertainty interval from aerosol radiative forcing matters strongly. While an overestimation of aerosol radiative forcing would not greatly affect estimates of the climate sensitivity, an underestimation could mean that the sensitivity is quite high (Myhre, Myhre, Samset, & Storelvmo, 2013a). While recent research indicates that climate sensitivities above 4K for a doubling of CO2 are highly unlikely, the remaining aerosol uncertainty is one reason why this troubling possibility can still not be completely ruled out.
As shown in the section Aerosol–Climate Interactions, aerosols can perturb both cloud microphysics and atmospheric stability, both of which may lead to changes in precipitation. In addition, since they can act to cool or heat the climate, they also contribute to the changes in precipitation expected as part of global warming. Further, it has been suggested that the recent shift in aerosol loading from Europe and the United States, over to Southeast Asia, could be linked to changes in the tropical rain belt and to the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (Allen, Norris, & Kovilakam, 2014).
Basic physics suggests that a change in aerosol concentration will affect precipitation on two time scales: one set of fast effects, connected to the rapid response of clouds and atmospheric stability, and another set connected to the long-term change in surface temperature—and hence evaporation. Recent modeling studies indicate that an isolated increase in black carbon would, at first, cause a decrease in precipitation due to reduced convection (Samset & Myhre, 2015). Over time, precipitation will again increase, as the BC absorption acts to heat the surface. Overall, however, the precipitation change due to BC is estimated to be negative. For sulfate, on the other hand, there is little initial precipitation change, but a strong decrease over time as the aerosol cools the surface.
These general relations, however, apply when looking at the planet as a whole. As we have seen, however, aerosols and their perturbations to clouds and atmospheric absorption have strong regional variations. The impact of a given aerosol distribution on precipitation will further depend on local humidity and convection, surface albedo, and other conditions. Extreme precipitation, which is an area where the impacts of a changing climate are quickly felt by society, may also follow other trends than global mean precipitation. The precise links between observed and future changes in aerosol concentrations and precipitation trends are presently under very active investigation.
As aerosol emissions have significant climate impacts, and their atmospheric lifetimes are short, both scientists and policy makers have argued for emission reductions as climate mitigation strategies. It is commonly argued that, due to the link between aerosols, air quality, and respiratory disease, such reductions would be win-win scenarios.
Recently, however, several studies have noted that the climate impact that can be achieved through aerosol emission mitigation is relatively modest, compared to the long-term effects of reduced greenhouse gas emissions. Aerosols are also rarely emitted in isolation, but are co-emitted from the same sources. For example, a coal fire will emit both black carbon and SO2, meaning that a reduction of such fires would remove both a source of atmospheric heating and cooling.
There is no doubt that reductions in aerosol emissions would give health benefits. Their climate mitigation potential is, however, presently a hot and controversial topic among scientists and policy makers.
Anthropogenic aerosol emissions have changed drastically over the 20th century in magnitude, composition, and geographical pattern. While it is hard to predict future trends, a common expectation is that in the West, reductions in emissions will continue as technology improves, the use of combustion engines in road vehicles decreases, and the composition of ship fuel changes. In the East, where the majority of anthropogenic emissions can presently be found, concerns about air quality and rapid technological development are both already thought to be reducing emissions. Hence, it has been stated by experts that “the age of aerosols may soon be over” (Smith & Bond, 2014).
This view is reflected in the emission pathways considered for the IPCC 5th Assessment Report. All pathways assume drastic reductions relative to year 2000 values, first in Europe and the United States, then, after 2020, also in Asia. While the details differ, all pathways project a reduction by half of anthropogenic aerosol emissions by 2100. Globally, the climate impacts of such a reduction are expected to be minor, due to the increasing dominance of radiative forcing from long-lived greenhouse gases. Locally, however, the reductions in aerosol burden may have significant impacts.
The section “Expected Trends in Anthropogenic Aerosol Emissions” discussed the climate impact of anthropogenic activities, that is, emissions from industry, road transport, shipping, and large-scale agricultural burning and land use change. There are, however, several other areas—both manmade and natural—where aerosols may have even larger impacts. This section discusses three of these: volcanic eruptions, nuclear winter, and climate engineering by sulfate emissions.
Volcanic eruptions are among the most dramatic of natural events, both in visual splendor and in their consequences for society. The introduction to this review showed how the 1991 eruption of Mt. Pinatubo noticeably lowered global temperatures for several years. Larger eruptions, such as Mt. Tambora in 1815 and Krakatoa in 1883, are well documented in history books, scientific records, and even art. The global dimming and cooling following the Mt. Tambora eruption led to 1816 being labeled “the year without summer.”
The large-scale climate impact of volcanoes comes from aerosols. When large volcanoes erupt, they can emit copious amounts of ash and SO2. If the eruption is of sufficient explosive strength, this dust may reach tens of kilometers into the atmosphere and end up in the stratosphere. There, well above the precipitation processes that normally reduce aerosol concentrations, the fine-grained sulfuric acid compounds formed from the emitted SO2 can remain suspended for a number of years. Due to aerosol transport with prevailing winds, the precise impacts of a given eruption will depend both on its geographical location and the time of year, in addition to the explosive power and volume of mass ejected.
Historically, the radiative forcing exerted by volcanic aerosols is the strongest short-term perturbation to the climate system. In the forcing time series included in the IPCC AR5, volcanic eruptions can be seen as spikes with global mean values in excess of –4 Wm–2. The report further observes that volcanic eruptions are random in nature, meaning that their size and location cannot easily be predicted. Hence, they constitute a major source of uncertainty in future climate predictions. Should a major volcanic eruption occur in the near future, it may well offset global warming due to long-lived greenhouse gases for a short duration, or even cause the opposite situation: global cooling and precipitation changes sufficient to impact food production for a number of years.
Presently, the duration of the climate perturbation after a major eruption is being discussed in scientific literature. An example is the study of the so-called “Little Ice Age,” a period around the year 1500 where many temperature reconstructions show a colder climate, most notably in Europe and North America. While several factors are thought to have been important for this cooler period, including the Maunder grand solar minimum and changes to ocean circulation, several authors have linked the effect to periods of heightened volcanic activity. This suggests that in some cases, volcanic aerosols may have climate impacts that last beyond the 2–3 years estimated from the most recent major eruptions.
While an armed conflict involving the use of nuclear weapons would be horrific in itself, scientists in the 1980s started warning about an additional hazard. Were a large number of nuclear explosions to take place over major cities, an additional result would be large, widespread, and long-lasting fires. The smoke from these fires, that is, a layer of aerosols, would spread across the globe and cause significant global dimming. The resulting hypothetical cooling was termed nuclear winter, and became part of the public debate on the nuclear arms race.
At the time, numerical climate models had many shortcomings. In recent years, the topic has however been thoroughly investigated using state-of-the-art modeling tools and updated estimates for emissions from major city fires.
The conclusions remain the same: a major, international nuclear war would have, as yet another consequence, a global cooling of up to tens of degrees Celsius, lasting for several years. Such an event would have devastating impacts on global agriculture, vegetation, and wildlife, and hence for society. Recent work also suggests that even a limited, regional conflict between two neighboring nuclear powers could have subsequent climate effects exceeding those of even very strong volcanic eruptions (Robock & Toon, 2012). Such consequences would be global, even if the conflict that sparked them was not.
As the consequences of the ongoing climate changes start being felt, and the difficulties of achieving global agreements on emission mitigation or widespread adaptation become increasingly apparent, many have suggested that there may be a third option: could we, through technological means, engineer the climate back to the state we have been used to? (Shepherd, 2012)
One of the first suggestions to be made for such a large-scale climate engineering scheme is to deliberately emit sulfates or other scattering aerosols. The idea is that their dimming of incoming sunlight can balance the extra energy stored due to the enhanced greenhouse effect. In other words, we would mimic the climate impact of volcanoes, using aerosols emitted from balloons or airplanes in the stratosphere.
Another suggestion involving aerosols has been to increase the flux of sea spray droplets in regions where marine stratocumulus clouds form. Here, we would utilize the aerosol indirect effect to make the clouds whiter, again reflecting out more sunlight. A third aerosol-based option is to seed high-altitude cirrus clouds, increasing their evaporation rate. This would reduce their heating of the surface due to re-emission of longwave radiation.
While such options may sound attractive in principle, they are all still very far from being ready for deployment. Climate engineering in general is a contentious issue, both for practical and for ethical reasons. Research into the topic is presently conducted primarily with climate models, and even here, under idealized conditions, results show that the climate impacts of large-scale climate engineering via aerosols would be highly unpredictable. At present, the technology to efficiently disperse sulfate or sea spray aerosol at the right altitudes is also not available.
Experts on climate engineering presently hold a wide range of views on whether or not such a strategy could ever be implemented. The main bulk of research, however, indicates that while the global energy budget could indeed be brought back into balance through increased aerosol scattering, an exact cancellation of all the other impacts of a heightened greenhouse effect on the distribution of energy in the atmosphere/ocean system is not possible. Hence, we would see changes to precipitation and large-scale atmospheric circulation in any case. Further issues include the question of what would happen if the climate engineering measures were ever to be terminated, and the inability of aerosol climate engineering to counter ocean acidification.
While the notion that dust and other minute particles may influence the climate goes back several centuries, the study of aerosol–climate interactions only became a fully-fledged scientific subfield after 1990. Due to the multiple possible interactions, the large number of aerosol types, and their short atmospheric lifetimes, it was only with the advent of supercomputers that scientists were able to make firm statements about the net role that aerosols in general—and anthropogenic aerosols in particular—have had on the climate over the industrial era. Presently, aerosol research is one of the most active parts of climate science, with regular publications appearing in the most prestigious academic journals.
When Krakatoa exploded in the East Indies in 1883, ash and dust reduced incoming sunlight around the world for months. Scientists at the time had no way to measure changes to global temperature, but it was obvious that such major emissions did indeed cause at least regional cooling. As one of nature’s most dramatic spectacles, volcanoes were in the early 1900s hypothesized to be the causes both of the ice ages and of more recent deviations found in early climate records. In the 1950s, when the first reports of a gradually rising global temperature started showing up, many initially attributed this to the long preceding period without major known eruptions.
At the same time, air pollution and urban smog were becoming major topics of concern. Measurements from ships far out at sea showed that industrial byproducts were being transported by air to the furthest reaches of the globe. Few, however, thought that these observations could have any implications for weather and climate.
The link between local pollution, global climate, and the basic physics and chemistry of aerosols was only made in the 1960s, when the study of atmospheric aerosols gradually became a full-fledged scientific field. Early pioneers such as Robert McCormic, John Ludwig, Reid Bryson, Murray Mitchell, and Hubert Lamb debated, in increasingly technical terms, whether aerosols had so far had a climate impact. At the same time, they urged the relevant communities to form stronger ties to make a more focused attempt at understanding the full role of aerosols.
In a pioneering study in 1971, Ichitaque Rasool and Stephen Schneider showed that it had become possible to perform numerical studies of aerosols that were detailed enough to give realistic answers. They discussed the distinction between aerosols that scatter sunlight and thus could cool the atmosphere, and absorbing aerosols that could lead to warming. Their early, admittedly primitive results indicated that, dependent on composition and amount, aerosols could on relatively short timescales cause climate perturbations of several degrees Celsius.
The 1970s saw a debate among scientists as to whether aerosols were then primarily cooling or heating, and whether we should worry about a possible global cooling catastrophe from industrial pollution. At the same time, numerical models were being continually improved and new links between climate and aerosols were being described scientifically. For example, the first indirect aerosol effect was described by Sean Twomey in 1977.
Through the 1980s, the major players in the problem of anthropogenic aerosols emerged: soot, sulfate, and their interactions with radiation and clouds. In 1982, Mother Nature gave a helping hand through the eruption of El Chichon in Mexico. Measurements of the amount of sulfur emitted to the atmosphere and the resulting regional cooling could be compared to rudimentary climate models, allowing for tuning of parameters that made the calculations far more realistic.
In spite of two decades of advances, the first IPCC report in 1990 noted that, regarding anthropogenic aerosol emissions, “at this stage, neither the sign nor magnitude of the proposed climatic feedback can be quantitatively estimated.”
The real turning point came with the event described in the introduction to this review: the 1991 massive eruption of Mt. Pinatubo. Following the event, the group of James Hansen at NASA quickly published a model based prediction of the ensuing global cooling—a prediction that was, broadly, borne out by observations over the subsequent years. Their results, among others, led to the realization that previous calculations of past and future temperature change due to greenhouse gas emissions may have been significantly off since they did not include the cooling effect of sulfates.
A revised calculation from the U.K. Hadley Center, published in 1995, showed that including sulfates indeed gave a significant improvement in the predictive skill of their numerical model. It became clear that sulfate emissions from Western industry, from 1940 onwards, had temporarily held global warming in check. This insight was one key aspect that allowed the IPCC in 1995 to conclude that anthropogenic climate change was by then discernible.
Since the mid-1990s aerosol science has attracted ever more attention. The aerosol representation in the complex earth system models used to predict future climate is becoming ever more complex and realistic. Observations of aerosol distribution, transport, and loading are available from the surface, from satellites and from instruments mounted on aircraft.
As shown in the section Aerosols in the Context of Anthropogenic Climate Change, however, the scientific uncertainty on the net climate impact of aerosol is still relatively large. In the 2013 Working Group I part of the IPCC 5th Assessment Report, a whole chapter was devoted to recent developments related to aerosols and their climate impacts, together with the influence of clouds on climate and of aerosols on clouds. This combination of topics presently feels natural, as it has become clear that the total aerosol climate impact cannot be estimated without a thorough knowledge of cloud microphysics, and of the dynamic and thermodynamic behavior of clouds in general.
A wide range of topics are presently being discussed in the aerosol climate field. While it is believed that most major interactions between particulate matter and climate evolution are identified, the validation of computer modeling of these effects by observational data is a key issue. Issues remain both with the numerical representations and with the remote sensing and in situ observations available. A major setback to the field came with the loss of the GLORY satellite on launch in 2011. GLORY was, among other things, to have observed in detail the spatial and temporal distributions and physical and optical properties of aerosols with unprecedented detail. It is presently unclear if and when a replacement satellite will be launched.
• How significant is the warming effect of black carbon, and can mitigation of black carbon emissions be used as an effective short-term strategy to counter global warming?
• How can we sufficiently model the microphysical interactions of aerosols with cloud droplets in global earth system models?
• Do the cyclic variations in the flux of galactic cosmic rays, as modulated by the change in the solar magnetic field over a sunspot cycle, have a noticeable impact on aerosol formation and hence on clouds?
• To what degree have scattering aerosols masked global warming from long-lived greenhouse gases over the 20th century?
Presently, atmospheric aerosols are part of a wide range of climate discussions. As an example of this, the World Climate Research Programme (WCRP, a research promoting organization sponsored by the World Meteorological Organization [WMO], the International Council for Science [ICSU], and the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission [IOC] of UNESCO), recently defined a set of five “grand challenges” that the international climate research community faces. Of these five, improved knowledge about aerosols is crucial for four of them: “Clouds, circulation and climate sensitivity,” “Melting ice and global consequences,” “Climate extremes,” and “Water availability.”
While our understanding of aerosols, their basic physics and chemistry, formation, transport, and various climate interactions has improved tremendously there is still significant work to be done. Aerosols will remain a topic at the forefront of climate research for the foreseeable future.
This web page lists clinics and medical centers in Hampden County. Before visiting any of these Hampden County clinics and medical centers, be sure to verify their address, hours of operation, and appointment requirements (if any). A clinic or medical center may have ceased operations or moved to a different address, and business hours can sometimes vary, especially on and around holidays. So a quick phone call can often save you time and aggravation.
For your convenience, links to related pages are included below the Hampden County clinic or medical center listings on this page.
Hampden County, Massachusetts QuickFacts - demographic statistics about Hampden County, Massachusetts from the United States Census Bureau.
Popular searches:sister gives blowjob and tittifuck to brother for his birthday sexy euro babe loves to fuck for cash pair of dominant drill sergeants tell a soldier to fuck them hard brazzers stacked mature goes dirty using a dildo to fuck big boobed experienced gf hot milf jordan kingsley needs a bbc to fuck her hard
Adults only!By entering this site, you certify that you are 18 years or older and, if required in the locality where you view this site, 21 years or older, that you have voluntarily come to this site in order to view sexually explicit material. To leave this website click here. All persons depicted herein were at least 18 years of age.
Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 www.Clo-2.eu
Music with a view, selected and presented by ME Raabenstein. This episode, part of the survey series Running in Circles, focuses on Brian Eno and the solo work of the electronic avant garde music icon, artist, and visionary.
An eclectic radio show produced by Berlin-based Me Raabenstein. Music with a view, neo-classical, score, and contemporary beats. Including Brian Eno, Anna Rojahn, Thaddeus Herrmann.
© 2018 | Clocktower is a community-sponsored NY State 501(c)(3) non-profit, registered charity, and tax-exempt organization. | Formerly the Clocktower Gallery & artonair.org
Executive says, "I'm going to cancel your project because my predecessor supported it." Executive says, "And I'll need a list of any children he fathered with the staff. It's best if you don't ask why." The Boss says, "I don't think he?" Executive says, "We all do. It's how we let off steam."
If you want some great running shoes then check out these women’s Nike free running shoes as they are made to make running more natural.
You can get these Nike running shoes in many cool colors like the black and white woven once we show above but also in blue, pink, green, orange, black, and much more.
And you can get these running shoes in many women’s sizes going from 5 – 12 and half sizes are available to so that you can get running shoes that fit perfectly as you don’t want to run with blisters because the shoe didn’t fit.
This week is all about H&M, not deliberately, I just went in there on payday and couldn't believe how many lovely things they had in store! Amazing. So I bought myself a new little outfit to blog about :-).
I'm a huge fan of the cobalt blue trend at the moment so I had to dedicate a post to it, I hope you enjoy.
H&M has got so many jumpers in at the moment that are similar to this but in a variety of colours, they're all just £14.99 which is such a bargain for a statement piece of knitwear. I chose the cobalt blue one because its such a gorgeous colour and I've been wanting to introduce this colour to my wardrobe for some time.
I have found yet another metallic item of clothing, this skirt was a real steal for only £12.99 and I'm so happy with it. Anything sparkly, gold, silver or covered in glitter gets my approval because it just makes these darker days so much brighter, don't you agree!?
This necklace. Oh my God. I seriously love it, I'm so into statement jewellery right now and this caught my eye straight away. I really hope they bring a black one out, I would be the first one to buy it!
So, is anyone else totally crazy about cobalt blue at the moment? I would love to see what you've bought x
Love the colour and style of this jumper! and love it with a skirt to! Your first picture is stunning @cherrybombbtq
I’m also running a giveaway so would love if you could enter! http://champagnelambinibudget.blogspot.co.uk/2012/10/models-own-giveaway-in-fuzzy-peach.html
Thanks! Mine were from ebay but I found some similar ones from soyoushoes here: http://www.soyoushoes.co.uk/womens-lace-up-ankle-boots-high-block-platform-heel-lace-design-shoes-new-3-20 <3
I've been trying for a month now to get this post up! It's been rather difficult as most of my daytime activities since July 2nd have been seen through a sleep-deprived haze.
It is because the French decided to have a big ole bike race in the middle of the night. You'd think they could have the decency to have it at normal hours, but no, it's on live in the middle of the night here down unda.
Now that it has been 5 days since the end and I've caught up on a month's worth of sleep, I can now devote time to this here food bloggie thingy.
Brussel sprouts are in season down here now so I've been eating lots of them. I used to just steam them, butter em up, and then eat them. Someone suggested that I bake em with olive oil and garlic. Hey, that works for me! Thanks Arvay!
They were very good, I quite like them that way. I then tried baking them with some other veggies at the same time and found that onions make a nice accompaniment.
Drizzle a bit of olive oil in your pan, heat it up, then add the brussel sprouts, cut side down. It should look something like this:
Once the wine cooks down put the pan in a medium oven and cook till the garlic is just soft. This should only take 12 to 15 mins. When you take the pan out of the oven it should look something similar to this:
Don't forget that brussel sprouts are very healthy! In fact this entire side dish is just oozing with healthy goodness!
Let's take a cyclists-eye view of the Fleurieu Peninsula & the Adelaide Hills! Climbs, cafes, beaches, hills, country towns, hidden gems, and a whole lot more.
Bending, deflection, shear, and trip to hill station essay moment diagrams will be developed by students. An he was research papers on management going to . Write my dating profile questions
To make yourself appealing in an online dating profile — be the person you want later" rather than supplying answers to relevant questions is frequently passed by, While opposites may attract, my dating experience jibes with nearly every . Write my dating profile questions
8 ways you can make your profile for online dating pop Writing the way you talk will reveal your personality and also that you're taking this dating thing seriously Online profiles often use multiple choice questions when it comes to romance . Write my dating profile questions
5 Mar 2015 How do you create an irresistible dating profile? Those were the questions I had when I was online dating. and I'm now almost three years into a relationship with a wonderful man who loved my profile! Write a headline that acts as a hook it might be a quote from a favorite film or book or it might be the
The right outfit will “bait” women into asking you questions. “Wow, awesome shirt, where did you get it?!” If you write your profile correctly, you can bait women
Below are the most common questions we get asked before our clients go ahead Online Dating Profile Writing? Can I upgrade my package at a later date?
Smart Scan Chart Analysis shows the current downward trend is at a crossroads and has possibly ended. Look for choppy trading action in the nearterm Very Weak Downtrend with very tight stops.
Writing paper for kids and parents, to use in projects at home or at school, to make a very cute diary, or simply to send to your friends
Zach LaVine is the reigning NBA Dunk Champion, but this behind the back dunk, over a car, even left him in awe.
Guy Dupey is the man taking flight in the video above, and he is no stranger to impressive dunks, but this one might take the cake.
Check out Guy in a dunk contest with Jordan Kilganon if you need any more proof of his skills in the air.
Welcome to Club sub, the leading provider of scuba diving gear and dive courses to divers across Staffordshire, with our main shop and training centre based in Werrington, Stoke-on-Trent.
At Clubsub we live by our motto 'live, learn, love scuba'. Scuba Diving is more than just a hobby, it's a lifestyle which takes us on new adventures, allows us to make new friends, while enjoying healthy activities. As the first PADI Certified centre in Stoke-on-Trent, we help people from as far and wide as Newcastle Under-Lyme, and all over the Staffordshire Moorlands, learn the skills they need to enjoy active scuba-diving lifestyles
Have you ever asked yourself, "What was that?” The PADI Project AWARE Fish Identification Specialty course p...Tell me more
Clubsub is a community of men, women and children of all ages who share a love for the ocean, and all the exciting adventures it offers. Based in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, we offer a variety of scuba diving courses that introduce people to the world of scuba, and further enhance their skills as they evolve as divers. We enjoy regular club events and yearly scuba diving holidays across the world, creating special memories that will forever be shared by the Clubsub family.
Since our establishment in 1990, CMS Realty has been at the forefront of setting new standards in real estate service and results for the Inner West & Sydney property. We have consistently set record prices for Glebe and Inner West real estate sales, whilst continuing to maintain a standard of professionalism, and credibility which stands alone.
Almost every day, all of us confront new opportunities, new challenges. The world seems to be getting more complex and expanding quicker. The harder we strive, the faster we have to run.
Investors search for more efficient strategies and opportunities to create wealth. Technology creates fresh ways to communicate and gain new knowledge.
Our values are changing as well, many of us are swapping urban life for regional real estate alternatives to the city, or moving closer to the city, or further away. Some of us crave simplicity and want what the benefits of modern life have to offer. Change can bring celebration, success, growth - or bereavement and a sense of loss. It's inevitable and enduring.
With hundreds of people a year choosing the CMS Realty Glebe / Inner West Residential & Commercial Sydney to buy, sell real estate or rent their homes, prestige property & investments we see the effects of change close up.
We know selling your home or real estate investment can be easy or complex, stressful or trouble-free.
So we try and bring strategy and common sense to the task. We bring experience and one of the highest real estate sales clearance rates in the industry. We have the resources of Australia's largest and most respected real estate group behind us. We tap into relationships with active and past buyers. We use every negotiating skill possible to work on your behalf.
But we'll tell it like it is because we sell every home or property investment as if it was our own.
Is an extraordinary privilege and to do it will require a little panache, science, solid experience and some sweat.
Are qualified professionals and are results driven. Our established team is dedicated to achieving the ultimate result for both you and your property.
We believe in the Auction system and know that well run auctions with motivated buyers can lead to great results.
Our auctioneers are very well regarded in the industry with sound experience in the presentation and auctioning of residential retail, industrial, commercial and investment properties.
We also market and sell extensively by Exclusive Private Treaty we engage with buyers well and give qualified active buyers advance notice and details of your property.
Advertising in daily and local papers, the internet via effective websites, letterbox drops & public relations and our own highly regarded web site and extensive database.
So whether it’s your Unique home, Prestige property or Sydney commercial investment please don’t hesitate to contact us at CMS Real Estate Glebe Residential & Commercial Sydney or any of our friendly and professional agents or team member for an obligation free chat or advice.
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. China News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. China News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
            [designation] => The writer is a management systems consultant and a freelance writer on social issues.
            [designation] => The writer is pursuing an MPhil in development studies at Lahore School of Economics and works as a research associate at LUMS.
This diploma thesis describes, what is the motivation behind its primary task, what is the reason for existence and what devices can be used to solve the problem.
It will show you what problems we face if we want to collect data on a variety of different devices, we try to find solutions for time synchronisation and review the possible solutions.
It shows what possible ways are to communicating between devices using Wi-Fi and it provides a small overview of them.
Then we will see the selected device, what is capable for with its built-in Wi-Fi in the static case, what are the possible limit of it and what are the solutions for it. Here, we will measure the Wi-Fi module’s performance, and we will see the differences between the AP types. Then we will see if the circumstances will change by moving the devices, first to the client side, then to the AP.
Finally, we will look at a case study, where we will discuss the previously mentioned solutions for why it might be good or why not, then a ready-made solution will be shown.
Do you believe that this lady has absolutely uncontrollable lust? You should believe it, after watching babe toying her wettest pussy before camera!
The World's Best Free Amateur Porn Tube. The Largest Community with Real People Attended in Homemade Porn. Copyright © 2006-2018 HClips. All rights reserved.
Alert: We have detected that you have Javascript disabled. For the best user experience you should re-enable it. If you require help doing this please click here.
This website uses cookies, which cannot be used to personally identify you. If you continue to use the site we will assume that you agree with our use of cookies. Please read our privacy and cookies information to learn more.
More press brake product info click ... We are one of the professional China manufacturers work at press brake. ... automatic hydraulic bending machine for
... Find details about China Plate Bending Machine, ... Rich experience in this field with professional technical ... Steel Plate Bending Machine with ...
The Post Editorial staff claimed that the dead chimpanzee referenced an earlier story in the week regarding police officers having to shoot and kill a monkey that attacked and killed a woman. The cartoonist claims he was commenting that the latest stimulus bill was written by a bunch of dumb monkeys (congressmen). But others disagree.
Many claim that the monkey could be seen as a racist comment on one of the chief architects of the stimulus bill, President Obama. They claim that the editors should have recognized that the editorial could be misconstrued and should have pulled the cartoon. For a summary of this story, click here .
What’s your take? Is the cartoon O.K. or is it racially insensitive? Is this a legitimate argument or in our quest for political correctness, have we become too sensitive?
Although I do not think that the editor meant for it to be, I think that the cartoon is being racially insensitive. Since the United States named its first black President, people have to more careful of what they put in the media referring to the past. Many people have put the past behind them, but many people still live in the past and race is an issue. Therefore, when some people read this they are going to interpret it in a way that it was not meant to be interpreted. Even though, the monkey shooting and the stimulus bill are both prominent in the news, the correlation between those two pieces of news and the United States having a black President is still too closely related to the racial issues we still experience today.
In some instances, I think that we have become too sensitive. Although, I do not think that the cartoon should have been published, I do not think this is a legitimate argument. In most states, race is not an issue. People are given the same opportunities and held to the same standards. No matter the color of a person's skin, if he or she does not meet those standards set, than he or she is set at a lower standard.
I do believe that the cartoon was in bad taste but if you go back into history and look at all the cartoons drawn about government officials this would not be any more racially insensitive than any others. Do you think that Bill Clinton found all the cartoons about him and Monica funny? Were they insensitive? Sure they were. All of them are. The cartoonist tries to deplict humor in every situation.
One of our constitutional rights is freedom of speech. It does not say that we have freedom of speech but we have to be sensitive to other peoples feelings. I believe that if we practice freedom of speech then that is exactly what it should be freedom to express oneself. Should we take into account other people's feelings, sure but are we, NO.
I believe that we have become a nation of people that looks for ways to scream discrimination. If the cartoonist had been black would the cartoon been funny then? I think he would have gotten away with it because we are in a world of reverse discrimination. We are not allowed to say anything for fear that it might offend someone but other races are allowed to say what they want to say because their ancestors were slaves many, many years ago and that gives them the right that we don't have.
Truthfully, it seems that everything is "racially insensitive" anymore. It does not matter what it is or what it is supposed to mean, it ends up being racial somehow. It is seriously out of hand in a big way. No, I do not believe that the cartoon is racially insensitive. The cartoonist has already said what it is supposed to be about so why carry on with it. Drop it and let it go. I believe that the cartoon is fine. I can see where it might cause some hard feelings because of the incident where the monkey killed the woman, but outside of that, let it go.
Yes, we have become way too sensitive. You can not turn on the TV and watch the news or read a newpaper without hearing about someone or some group, or some organization being racial. I know that there are racial people in the world that are insensitive, but not everybody is, so I think it is time to lay of off thinking that everything is racially insensitive.
To quote the old TV program, "gimme a break"! We should censor our own words and thoughts on the 'possibility' that someone might take it the wrong way? This is not about exercising good judgement and responsible verbiage, it's about being able to openly express oneself. Can we all agree that there is very little in politics, religion, or even daily life that cannot be strewed to some unintended meaning? There is not a political cartoonist, writer, or editor breathing that doesn't fully realize that any of his/her work is likely to be controversial. Most of the time, it's intended to be. If this "maybe someone won't understand" is the standard, it is the end of political satire.
The cartoon is racially insensitive if, and only if, you make it so, but it is not a legitimate argument for political correctness when correctness is totally subjective.
The question of whether or not we've become too sensitive would be valid if we could agree that there is some definable line that shouldn't be crossed. Race will remain a political issue as long as there are pundits who write about it in a way that sensationalizes issues and that seems to be what has happened in this case. There are certainly issues in this country today that merit more scrutiny and concern than a political cartoon that is this open to interpretation.
Although many people will see the cartoon as racially motivated, I do not see the correlation. I can see how a black person who thinks of himself/herself as a victim would agree that the cartoon is inappropriate.
The roots of racism still is very prominent in our society. I think the creator of the cartoon was using parody to emphasize or to correlate two separate stories. Parodies are not truths, they are not to be interpreted in only one narrow way. Parodies are a work created to mock, comment on, or poke fun at an original work.
The first amendment of the constitution gives every citizen the right to say, write or think anything, as long as it does not incite a riot. I do think that we have become too sensitive to words and images.
Too much energy is wasted on arguing about our beliefs and interpretations. Not enough energy is expended on acceptance of each others' differences.
This controversial cartoon may be insensitive to some, but to others it is an example of a basic civil liberty. A civil liberty that the politically correct have trampled on for years.
I actually think this is kind of funny. I think the people who are offended by this are really reading too much into it.If you look at anything hard enough and get it in your head that it is racist you can come up with reasons to support your idea. I do not think the cartoonist thought about offending anyone, much less being racist. It is a humorous cartoon making light on two serious current situations that have been featured in the media. That's what cartoons are suppose to do... shed a little funny light on situations that people get a little too serious about.
I can see this exact cartoon being drawn when president Bush was in office. It's not racist. It's funny. President Obama being black has never been something that the media has been inappropriate about...at least that is what I have observed. Most media loves him...as we saw from the election...and I have absolutely no doubt that this cartoonist was just doing his job and being clever. Not racist. Do you know how many cartoons there are about Bush being a redneck and stupid Texan? A lot. Public officials should expect things like this to come out anyway. And really, I am not sure why people care so much.
Actually...I think maybe someone should make a cartoon about all of the ridiculous people criticizing this cartoon. I think people are far too sensitive and far too worried about being politically correct. I think everyone just needs to grow up and stop being so self focused. That's why things like this get blown out of proportion. Everyone needs to have a good laugh and gain a since of humor.
I can remember watching news coverage of voters in Pennsylvania entering an auditorium for a Republican rally, and the news anchor questioning an older white man who happened to have a stuffed animal sitting on his shoulder. The anchor asked the man if the animal was suppose to be Barack Obama, he smiled and said, "take it as you would like". This was after he finished providing a profanity laced tirade out the then presidential hopeful, which was filled with racial slurs. Months later the image of this elderly man still stick in my memory, have we become to sensitive as a society, or have we only found issues with hurtful actions and commentary that is directed towards a us specifically.
Being refered to as a monkey is nothing new to black people, historical evidence shows that blacks were often refered to as monkeys. So if the image of a black man possiblty being refered to as a monkey, the President of the United States to be specific, it does deserve some conversation. I could never understand what it would feel like to be refered to in a negative way as a indian, especially since I am not of indian decent. If you speak about racial discrimination, people think you are looking for some excuse, which is not always true. There are some who will use the so called race card to their advantage anytime they can, but real race issues need to be brought to the forefront and discussed. Our society will never accomplish all the great things we desire if race continues to be such a negative in America. Racial issues of all types does exist in our society, and for people to attempt and pawn it of as being some double standard that blacks have is ridiculous. Everyone has an opinion on everything, but honestly, does that make anyones opinion worth one red cent? If the cartoonist says he meant nothing racial concerning the cartoon, I can accept this and move on with my life.
I think many people in this country are unaware of stereotypes and ideas that people have about African American people. If you are from the South, then you probably have heard about some of these stereotypes, such as black people being associated to monkeys. The cartoonist may not have meant it in that way, but people who are familiar with this idea probably assume something different. It appears to me that the drawing is directed toward the president and maybe the cartoonist underestimated the viewers' intellect and attitudes. He might have thought since the incident with the chimp occured the week before, he could say the drawing is associated with that, however I believe it is not.
Yes, this article is racially insensitive. While we have come a long way since the days of the civil rights movement, this article reminds us of the ignorance that remains in our country. The editor's message can be interpreted in differents ways, and a knock on our first black president is one of them. It's awesome that President Obama is in the house! This cartoon is of poor taste.
This article should not have been published. But it serves as a reminder that we need to continue to socially progress as a nation. If we continue to think with an "old fashioned" mindset, we have failed ourselves, and the basic principles of our constitution. While some individuals may be ok with this article, others will be greatly offendend. We should take this into consideration before sending out these type of messages.
I think the whole thing is ridiculous! I think people are looking more into the issue then what was intended. If the editor said he intended the monkey to represent the congressman who wrote the stimulus bill than that is what he meant. As far as the editors approving the cartoon, they obviously didn't see anything wrong with the cartoon which is why they allowed it to be ran in the paper. So, no I do not think that the cartoon is racially insensitive. I simply think people are becoming too sensitive in the effort to achieve political correctness.
The thing that bothers me is how easily people are to jump to making it a race issue when it really isn't. It really aggravates me. This cartoon is a perfect example of what I am talking about. I think people are too quick to pick things apart and read too much into something. People try to put a certain meaning in the cartoon that isn't there.
Reply to Casey. I have lived in Mississippi all my life and have never heard the referral of blacks to monkeys. I was shocked when they told on tv about this comparison. I think that many Americans do have sterotypes about different people and different races. However, I believe that sometimes those sterotypes are played on by the races themselves.
Reply to Stanley: Do you believe that President Bush should have taken offense to all the cartoons about him? What about Bill Clinton, or Dick Chaney? Why all of a sudden should it be so horrible for a cartoon be offensive to a President? The cartoonist explained what he meant when he drew the cartoon. Why wouldn't people believe that or are they just looking for someone to become another victim. We live in the age of Freedom of Speech. Why should all people have that freedom?
I agree with Nicole that this entire thing has been blown out of porportion and is ridiculous. At this time with our country being in such economic dire straits, we need to be using our energy and focus on important issues rather than who we thing a monkey represents. We are all in the same boat and should be trying to row the same way rather than creat undercurrents.
I think he was trying to be clever; he was being racist in a sly way. He probably didn't think people would understand both the denotative and connotative meanings. The cartoon was definitely inappropriate. In a way, it seems like he's threatening Obama's life.
In my Intro to Sociology class at USM, Dr. Whitman showed us a tape of how African Americans were portrayed in the past. Their eyes were huge and bulged from their eye sockets. They were black as gorillas and their lips were big and pink. To me, they looked like monkeys. Now, we have our first black president and the cartoonist draws a monkey being shot!! And the Secret Service are doing all that they can to protect Obama from being assasinated!! I think the cartoonist should be fired and arrested.
We are not being insensitive. He should have had the common sense to know that the cartoon was inappropriate. Did he not think black people read the Washington Post? His cartoon was not only offensive to African-Americans but to everyone. He was being insensitive, racist, and threatening.
I sincerely believed if John McCain was President the cartoonist wouldn't have used a monkey even though the monkey is in current news. I believed they would have drawn McCain as an old thin wrinkled man with Alzheimers,wearing a uniform,on his hospital bed thinking he was still a P.O.W. There would have definitely been no monkey.
It's pretty amazing how some people think. If you don’t want to be offended please don’t ready any further because this is a topic that just boils my blood.
I personally am sick and damn tired of this whole racial issue give it up people. We freaking elected a black president I think this shows that Americans as a whole have gotten past this and certain groups or individuals need to stop bring up the racial card it is played out!!!!!!!
You know political cartoons are always pretty mean and crude so now that the president is black we need to be more sensitive to what we joke about in our crazy political cartoons give me a break. Grow up, toughen up and stop crying like a little child; that’s what I have to say. Freedom of the press; I’m sure when they were bashing Busch and had crude rude humor with him on cartoons that it wasn’t that big of a deal.
This particular cartoon does not look like it targeted Obama due to the monkey reference. I think again people are dwelling on racism and they NEVER want to let it go. So anything that remotely can seem like it is they will attack.
I think that the cartoon is okay. I don’t find it to be racially insensitive because I believe that it honestly has nothing to do with race. Perhaps the editors should have caught the possible misinterpretation, but the fact that they didn’t just shows how obscure the misinterpretation is. When I think about legislation being written, I think about Congress or the Senate, not about the president. I think society as a whole has become too sensitive in our pursuit for political correctness.
As soon as I read the cartoo I immediately thought about Obama. The true question is what was the ultimate outcome that the cartoonist looking to garner? look back at previous political cartoons and the make fun of the big ears of lincoln the "jewish" looking nose of Nixon why should this be offlimits to obama? Do I find it offensive? Yes. But should it be stopped simply because I find it offensive? NO! We are a free country....at least somewhat...
The bigger quesiton is that if these cartoons are suppose to make a statement did it convey the message that the cartoonist was wanting to convey. Basically he was saying that the stimulus plan is so dumb that a bunch of monkeys could have written it. I do not believe that he was tying it directly to Obama although he had to have seen the correlation and thought that it was smart.
I really believe this was a horrible issue from the post. I mean the fact that it is a dead chimp and it mentioned something about stimulus bill that made me automatically think it was racist. I may have taken it wrong but that was the first thought that raced through my mind. I was offended.
I usually take everything lightly but this totally took me by surprise. I know I am not the only one who thinks this way.
I know that the week before a woman was attacked by a chimp but to mention it together with a stimulus bill was wrong.
Reply to Beth Robinson: Thank you!! Everything you said is so true. You look at the history of all past presidents and vice presidents being white and think about how much fun was made of them. Bill Clinton was by far one of the worst! But the thing is, at least he had enough sense to laugh it off. He is still being made fun of to this day! If it's suddenly racial now, it must have been racial then too, right? But wait, it wasn't looked at that way, so don't start now. I am so tired of everything being "racial". I know that there are people like that, but really, not everyone is. Furthermore, people from our generation need to quit walking around saying "we were slaves for you" because you weren't! I have never "owned" slaves, nor has my parents or grandparents. It's time to wake up and see the matter at hand and quit trying to always turn it into something its not.
I also find it very interesting, that in reading the other comments, the majority of people are assuming that the people that are making a big problem out of the cartoon are black. We don't know who is having the problem with the cartoon, but yet most of the references are made that black people are the ones that are sensitive over the issue.
One student commented that "I can see how a black person who thinks of himself/herself as a victim would agree that the cartoon is inappropriate". I am a black woman who has worked my entire life. I have never blamed anyone for my circumstances and do not see myself as a victim. I see myself as a surviver and I found the cartoon to be in bad taste.
I think that the cartoon was insensitive PERIOD. And I'm pretty sure that the editor knew it. We live in a world that is still very seperated by race. We have a black president but that doesn't change anything. In fact, I think that it is bringing out the race crazies. I recently had a discussion witht a white co-worker. She was trying to explain to another white co-worker what the term "porch monkey" meant. Although her interpertaion of what the word meant was completly wrong, she did acknowledge that the word was a racial slur. What struck me and made me step in was the fact the even though she knew that the word was offensive and the fact that there were black people in the room, she kept saying the word.
I'm not overly sensitive about race. In fact, it's something that I rarely use in my ideals or judgements of other people. But I think that given the well known sensitivity surrounding the election of a black president, and given the fact of how well read a newspaper like the Washington Post is.....I feel that it was in very bad taste.
I also feel that it could have been hurtful to the woman who raised the monkey for the last 15 or 20 years. I'm sure she was attached and may have had some feeling for her pet. People are crazy bout their dogs...you don't think that maybe she could have been crazy about her monkey. i think that it was insensitive to make fun of the fact that they shot her beloved pet.
I agree with CindyCT that our world is still very divided racially. But, I do believe that whites get the blame for that divide when in fact just as much of the blame should go to blacks, mexicans, hispanics and other races. The cartoon was insensitive. But so were the ones about George Bush, Bill Clinton, Richard Nixon, George Washington, Abraham Lincoln and the list could go on and on. But did anyone ever raise up about those cartoons being insensitive? NO They just took them for what there were a CARTOON and nothing more. People are too apt to rush in and scream racism when it isn't always that.
What with the times in and uproar and every little thing that is even remotely close to racism the NAACP cries wolf. I really cant stand the double standard. If one side can say one and the other cause of years oppression. I think we need to remember those days are long gone so LET'S MOVE ON PLEASE. Obama is to smart to read this in anyway. He knows what they were trying to say and nothing further. Why is it that any time a white anybody does something like this we are called racist when blacks do the same its called comedy. WOW! The funny thing is when I was a kid i grew up in the projects, except back then it was 50/50 black to white. Some of my best friends were black still are the last i checked. They laughed at this and actually called him a monkey the way he was ranting and raving in front of congress. Yet Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson have nothing better to do but put their adultery looking faces in front of the media. I think that's a Commandment the last I checked. I'm sorry to get up on my soap box but you have to remember we all for the right of freedom of speech, black or white. Can't we all get along.
Great posts from everybody! This is definitely one of the more controversial blogs we've had. Our responses and excitement over the issue is a good indication that racism is still an issue in the United States. Our contrasting opinions is probably a good representation of the rest of the nation. Yes, some people are still very sensitive to the race issue. And others may have no problem with it. It's important to respect those that are still sensitive to these issues. Some things are never forgotten. And while we have come a long way, show some respect for the big man in the house. If you want to poke fun at the President, then draw a picture of President Obama, not some sketch of a monkey. I respect everyone's opinion, but this cartoon is no good.
I believe that the cartoon is not being racially insensitive. I can see how it could have been misconstrued and taken out of text, but I believe to stretch it as far to say its a racial slur against our president is a little far. I understand that their is a lot of racial tension in our country but I believe the author of the summary took the picture way out of context.
I do believe in our goal to be politically correct we have gone to far. People are taking things from literature and other texts that do not exist. There are instances that the racial slurs are there, but I believe that in being overboard with being politically correct has taken our country over and is a cover up for the real underlying problems that still exist today.
Well sure he was refering to the incident about the monkey that was killed, but if he thinks he can get away with a cartoon like that without someone this day in time thinking it was racial he must be off his rocker. I know it was probably started by the monkey attacking the woman and having to kill the monkey. Then one thing led to another and they cartoon turned into a racial mess. I think this was a careless and insensitive act poking fun of President Obama. now if there had been a fat lady near by, he wouldn't have posted a cartoon of a very over weight woman saying it isn't over til the fat lady sings, because he would have known that would have been insensitive and would have hurt the lady's feelings. There is a thing called tact, and I just think he needs a little. Sure it was funny to a lot of people and I am sure President Obama has heard it all, but I can not believe he ever thought he could pull that off without a fuss. I do think people are overly sensitive these days but also feel that there is a lot less tact and a lot more freedom of thought and speech bein used.
I still do not believe that the cartoon was aimed at Obama. I think it was aimed at Congress just as he said. But I can tell you this much. If Obama believed that when he became president all of the jokes and comments would stop then he just had his head buried in the sand. All of the comments will continue even when Obama is no longer president. I assume since some of you think that the cartoon is insensitive to Obama and the African American race then what do you think about the cartoons about Bill Clinton and Monica. Were they insensitive? Should someone have been fired over that. People are in the public eye needs to have thick skin or don't get in the public eye. Obama chose to run for president so he should have known what was coming whether it is right or not. We live in a society that every move or word is put under a microscope and disected. Why does it have to be like this. I can tell you that we will never live in harmony as long as this is happening. Our country will always be racially divided as long as the laws are like they are. You know employers no longer are allowed to hire someone who is competent but so many have to be black. Do you think that is fair to the qualified prospects. So many scholarships have to be given to blacks. What would happen if scholarships were given to just whites? Oh My God there would be some screaming going on. Blacks have NAACP what would happen if whites had an organization that promoted only whites. Think about this people. We will always be racially divided because of just the few things I have said.
Although I can see how the cartoon could be perceived as racist, I think it was still much to do about nothing. We have definitely entered a period of political correctness run a muck. I am very concerned with the future of rights in this country. There is a line regarding such rights as freedom of speech that should not be crossed. The current rapid regulations being pushed through by Obama's administration raises legitimate concerns about the future rights of people to voice their opinions.
As for political correctness in general, something should be done to stop it before it spirals out of control any further. People have the right to their on views, and to voice those views whether anyone else likes it or not. When we start limiting who can say what, then questions arise as to who should make these types of decisions. Ultimately the result will be bigger government and increased oversight into the personal lives of the people, which sounds a lot like what we currently see taking place.
I have a hard time believing that any mainstream publication or professional journalist could publish this cartoon and not at least have some idea that it could be perceived as racially insensitive. That being said, I do not believe that the intentions of this writer were to take a shot like that at the President. This was clearly a lapse in judgement on the parts of both the cartoonist and the newspaper. While I did not personally find the cartoon offensive, I can certainly see how others would. Even though our country and culture has progressed in racial harmony over the past 40+ years, there is still too much tension and mistrust to think that this cartoon would not get a negative response.
I think the cartoon was meant to racially insensitive or why would it have appeared in the newspaper in the first place. The only reason the cartoon appeared was for shock value and to sell newspapers. It appears that the stunt has worked like a charm. This cartoon falls in line with the partisanship that was on display in getting the stimulus package passed. Maybe the author of the carton was mad and he used his pen to strike back at Obama over the passage of the bill.
We live in the land where free speech is protected by the first amendment. Having poor taste is not protected by any amendment.
After reading the cartoon I thought that the editor should have thought twice about it. I can see how it could have been taken as a racial remark. After reading that the editor had made the cartoon after an incident that happened earlier that week it made me think that the editor did not mean to racially offend anyone and was just playing off of the monkey shooting. However that being said, I had no clue about that so the only way I could look at it was by race.
People look at things in different ways. Things that may seem racial to some are not to others. I don't think that these cartoons are meant to be taken seriously but to add humor to a not so humerous government. I think it should not be as big of a deal since the editor explained himself and made it clear what his intentions were. I believe the cartoon is intended for whatever you want it to be intended for. Are there more important things to protest out there?
I really do not think that the cartoon was supposed to be racially insensitive. It is true that it can be explained that way as well and that would not be acceptable. Despite that, I think that since cartoonist clearly and logically explained the meaning of his cartoon, we should accept it. He probably just did not realize that some people could make sense out of it completely different way.
In the future, editors and cartoonists should be more careful about sensitive issues in order to avoid similar misunderstandings. Cartoons should amuse people and not to offend them in very sensitive and unacceptable way. There is a thin line between those two and some cartoonist move right on that border. On one side, it might make pretty good cartoons. On the other side, it is a good way how to be accused of racism or something else and get in the problems.
I do not feel that the cartoonist intended to make a racist comment with the chimpanzee cartoon. I believe that his explanation should be accepted in good faith and the critics should let the issue die.
With that being said, I do not think that the majority of racial slurs and offenses are actually intended to offend, but often do. In today's society, everyone needs to be aware and conscious that their remarks and actions could be misconstrued and considered offensive by some.
Lastly, just because we now have an african-american President, I hope that people do not over react to every cartoon and joke that we as a "free-speech" nation have the liberty to express our views. If George Bush got offended every time the late night talk shows made fun of him and threatened a lawsuit in response to these jokes, then the court systems would have been very busy over the last eight years.
I dont think the editor meant for for it to be. The story of the cops having to shoot the chimp that attacked the women was very strange and odd. I think the editor was just tying that in to the story to grab some attention.
And now that we do have an Aferican American President, the "racisist" card is going to have to be played much less.
How many nights did you turn on the Late night talk shows or SNL when they were not making fun of past Presidents.? NEVER..
I am interested to see if this keeps up. And they also did it to minorites in the Bush administration. Condelica Rice is great example of this and not one time that I can remember the race card was never used towards her.
This country has come a long way since the 60's and 70's. Although racecism still exisits much more than it should, this country and the Presidents himself have much bigger issues to deal with.
If I were stranded on an island I would like a new issue of Martha Stewart Living to wash up every week. I really enjoy decorating, cooking and crafts. These things would keep me distracted from the fact that I was stranded. And, maybe with Martha’s ideas I could decorate my little shake nicely. Also, the magazine could prove helpful. There are many recipes with fresh food. This could tell me foods that may be safe to eat on the island and how to prepare them properly.
If I were stranded on an island I think I would take the Gilligan’s Island dvd. It is always nice to have something to relate to right? Plus, when stranded on an island some comic relief would be nice. I may be able to learn a thing or two from the group’s activities on the show. Plus, having a dvd with a few episodes on it would give me a quick break from a day of hunting and gathering.
If I were stranded on an island I would like Jimmy Buffets Mother Ocean loaded on my MP3 played. My choice would be Margaretville but I think that would just be depressing considering I do not know how to distill my own alcohol. I think that Mother Ocean is a relaxing song and I would be in the mood for the song because I would be slightly depressed and on the water. Plus, I just enjoy this song.
One reason Why, It is Difficult For Me to Guess, at the Variable-Length Encoding of numbers, Chosen By Other People (62,665)
Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (9) September 2018 (13) August 2018 (11) July 2018 (19) June 2018 (16) May 2018 (21) April 2018 (12) March 2018 (13) February 2018 (18) January 2018 (13) December 2017 (18) November 2017 (11) October 2017 (20) September 2017 (11) August 2017 (19) July 2017 (25) June 2017 (21) May 2017 (18) April 2017 (16) March 2017 (28) February 2017 (36) January 2017 (31) December 2016 (17) November 2016 (24) October 2016 (31) September 2016 (32) August 2016 (18) July 2016 (29) June 2016 (30) May 2016 (28) April 2016 (34) March 2016 (34) February 2016 (32) January 2016 (25)
Just yesterday my router crashed, and I documented this event Here. At the time, the cause for that event did not seem obvious to me, but by now, I have a possible explanation in mind.
The fact should be understood, that with TCP protocol, there exist two basic types of packets: SYN Packets, and session-specific, Data Packets. For example, in the case of an HTTP server which is ‘always’ listening on Port 80, the actual packets which get sent to that port by browsers are likely to be SYN packets, which request a new session. The function of these packets to the client, are to request a dedicated Data Port on the server to be opened, so that the client and server can exchange data on this additional port. Such a port can then also correspond to one session.
A type of Web-attack is possible, in which a maximum possible number of SYN Packets is sent to Port 80 in this case, thus causing a huge number of session-ports to open on the server, for which the client may not even be arranging to have any kind of session. In fact, doing so not even requires that a bogus log-in attempt to any service be made, nor that a password be guessed at, for which reason such a situation may not get logged – as real hacking attempts – in any of the security logs the server keeps. So where, then is the danger of this to the server?
The situation can arise, that indeed thousands of session-ports, if not tens of thousands, have been opened on the server, all waiting for a new session.
The router mirrors all these ports on the WAN, and tries to map them back to a specific machine on the LAN, that they belong to. This is called Port-Triggering. Hence, if ?50,000? session-ports have been opened on the one server, on the LAN, the request exists implicitly to the router, to keep 50,000 ports open on the WAN as well.
The problem with this can be, that at some point the router runs out of memory to map that many ports. This can cause a router to crash, especially in the case of a domestic router, which is not really designed as solidly as commercial, big-time server-switches are designed.
The problem is less likely in my case, that the server runs out of resources, simply because mine is a 64-bit machine.
But in order to protect myself against such an attack, my server config files need to be such, that not only the speed of incoming SYN Packets is throttled, but also so that any session-ports close automatically, if they are idle for some period of time.
Presumably, the WAN ports will close again on the router, whenever the corresponding ports on the LAN-based server are closed.
While this might sound very far-fetched to some readers, I am aware that this type of an attack takes place often against my machine, coming from robots who-knows-where. I have ways of knowing this, that also display which IP addresses such things come from. But for the most part this does not spur me to start blocking an inordinate number of IP address ranges – arbitrarily, in a world where IP addresses often change. Instead, I focus on closing the vulnerability where I can, in the client keep-alive settings of various servers and applications, that all run on this host.
In general, my HTTP and HTTPS servers are configured correctly, by Debian package maintainers, to thwart such an attack. But I have discovered another service running on my host, and listening for incoming connections on the WAN, which was not configured to be bulletproof in this regard.
Quite possibly, one of those robots discovered the same vulnerability on September 10. If this did happen, it would adequately explain why the router crashed. As of now, that additional service running on my host, has a new configuration, designed to make my router less vulnerable.
If this explanation is true, then users may have experienced problems retrieving my URLs, earlier than 13h05 yesterday. If this was your experience, I apologize again.
If the router crashes again any time soon, then I will need to start looking for other explanations.
Posted on September 11, 2016 September 11, 2016 Tags Keepalive, Modem Failure, Port Triggering, Port-Forwarding, Router Crash, SYN Packets, TCPLeave a comment on Possible Explanation for Recent Router Crash
Sporty, beautiful Anna G has proven time and again that she’s up for anything when it comes to have fun in front of the camera. She loves group scenes with lots of sensual licking, sucking, and fucking, craves cock in her asshole, and gets off when doing a creampie scene because she loves having hot semen dripping from her well-fucked cunt.
Warning! This site contains sexually explicit, adult material and is for adults only! By entering this site, you certify that you are 18 years or older and, if required in the locality where you view this site, 21 years or older, that you have voluntarily come to this site in order to view sexually explicit material. To leave this website, click here
Paris 1 - sex on the Orient Express - featuring voyeurism, masturbation, exhibitionism, fucking, oral sex and a threesome finish)
Paris 3 - Sophie the voyeur - featuring voyeurism, mutual masturbation, exhibitionism, group sex and some gorgeous fucking)
Paris 5 - Sophie & the photographer - featuring voyeurism, naked photography and mutual masturbation
Sophie in Hollywood 1: three men for Sophie - intense group sex, featuring double penetration, voyeurism, masturbation, oral sex, lesbian sex and so much more...
new audio interview with Dirtyboy - part three - the really filthy questions, and I'm very aroused here...
Audio interview with Dirtyboy - a 30 minute audio interview with Roger discussing the blog, what inspires me, what turns me on, and whether I really do masturbate as I write...
My intention with this blog is to provide you with a cool, sexy place where you can relax, have fun and indulge your sexual fantasies. I want to arouse you, to excite you, to free your imagination, to take you all the way to delicious orgasm. I want to make you wet. I want you to come, urgently, intensely, with gorgeous abandon. Enjoy yourself, have fun, and if something in here excites you, I'd love you to leave a comment - be as wild and graphic and lustful as you please - in here you're amongst friends xx
"Ah, you see, when you mentioned you felt like a voyeur, I had this image of you behind a dark curtain that you could partially see through. In the other room that you are looking into are high piles of large silk pillows. There are candles and low hanging lanterns. The walls are draped with silk, and fluttering from the ceiling are opaque curtains.
"Around the floor are the women you please with your thoughts, your wonderfully sinful words. And we all recline there in various stages of undress, reading your thoughts, openly masturbating. In some corners, the women are together, kissing and touching, pleasing ourselves with whispers of your stories. Moans, screams and slick sounds fill the room. And you watch behind the curtain, your hand on your cock, stroking yourself until you cum over and over again."
I've had this idea for a long time. It's an image I've toyed with in my head, sometimes fantasised about when masturbating, and on those occassions when I've allowed myself to indulge freely in the fantasy I've invariably reached rather wonderful orgasm. The lovely thing about this scenario is that I think it could actually be done. I think it could easily be made real, and I like to think it would progress in pretty much the fashion that I've always fantasised it would. Let me take you through the scenario, I think it's fun...
I've arranged to do a reading one evening in a quiet bookshop. It could be any bookshop, but somewhere ideally that had a small performance space tucked away amongst the bookshelves, somewhere in which authors can conduct readings with their fans in which their are no distractions: simply the author sat at the front of the room, a half circle of chairs surrounding him that's maybe five or six rows deep, and bookshelves lining the room. A wonderful, quiet little space.
It would need to be a progressive bookshop of course, one which wasn't afraid of the idea of hosting readings from erotica. It would be an evening of quiet decadence: a reading of selections from my erotica, perhaps including wine and nibbles. Something small, intimate and rather special.
Attendance would be strictly women only. No men would be allowed, even amongst the minimal bookshop staff helping to host the event. It would be promoted discreetly - in here, of course, and also through a small notice pinned up in the bookshop. "An evening of erotic readings by Roger Steiner" - something like that. It would, of course, be a tickets only event, perhaps thirty or forty attendees at most. Including you.
I'd be there to greet you as you came in. I'd offer a charming smile, give a gentle shake of your hand, and indicate the refreshments to you, encouraging you to say hello to the others attending, since you all have me in common. I've been a secret pleasure for all of you for some time.
You might giggle and blush as you discussed your favourite stories with the other women there, talking about what you were hoping I'd read that evening... but it would all be very polite, none of you quite mentioning that you masturbate to my words, none of you quite admitting it. But the unspoken implication is there. As you finally take your seat amongst the other women, glancing across to them as they also make themselves comfortable, you know with certainty that all of you have been reading me secretly at the dead of night. You know that every other woman in this room has reached orgasm to my words, over and over again.
There's already an unspoken sexual tension in the room as the evening's entertainment begins. You know your usual reaction to my stories. You know how wet I've made you in the past, when you're read me alone, there in your bed, or on your couch, or at your desk. You know what my words usually do to you.
And here I am now, right here in this bookshop with you, perhaps another thirty or so other women also watching me as I take my seat at the table, smiling across at you as I open the latest collection of my stories, ready to read for you.
"I'm delighted that you came to join me this evening. I want you to relax and enjoy yourself. I'm going to be reading some of my most popular stories from the blog, the ones that I know you really love. I'm anticipating that these stories will arouse you. I'll be reading with the specific intention of arousing you, reading them slowly and sensually, so that you can enjoy my words, so that you can feel them, so that you can experience them a little more directly.
"Please don't be embarrassed if you find yourself responding to my words. Please don't be shy if you find yourself becoming wet. I want to make you wet, that's what this evening is all about. That's why we're all here. If it all gets a little too much, if you feel the need to touch yourself as I read for you, please go right ahead. What happens in this room stays in this room. Just settle back and enjoy."
And I smile again, a gentle, reassuring smile. You glance around the room a little nervously, thinking about what I've just said. Surely he's not expecting anyone in here to masturbate, in front of all these other women? No-one would do that, would they?
And yet the sexual tension in the room is sky high. You know that you almost certainly would, if perhaps someone else started first. You don't know any of these women here. You'll probably never see any of them ever again. The thoughts tumble through your head as the lights are turned down low, and I begin to read...
The first story is simply a gentle tease. Nothing too explicit, just a little playful, sexy story to help you relax, to make you giggle disgracefully, to ease you into the evening ahead. You're surprised by the slow, sensual rhythm to my reading, by my soft voice, by the way I savour each word, allowing you to picture the images, to experience so directly what I'm describing. As the first story concludes, half the audience lets out a long breath, and a mutual ripple of gentle laughter follows. You're all feeling it.
"Okay," I say, smiling again as I watch a few of you adjust yourselves in your seats, some of the women blushing slightly, some smiling secretly. "I think we're all a little more relaxed now. Let's try something a little more intense."
And I start to read again. It's a long piece this time, one you've read many times before, alone in your room. You wonder if I'll read the whole story, knowing just how explicit it becomes, knowing it's certain to turn you on, knowing precisely which part of it usually makes you come. Surely I'll stop before I reach that point, won't I?
But I continue to read. The story gets more and more intense. As the fantasy becomes more explicit you can already feel your body wanting to surrender to my words. You're exquisitely wet, and I'm not stopping. I'm clearly going to read the entire piece. There's no way you're going to touch yourself, even in this low lighting, it feels way too public, and yet... was that a soft gasp you just heard, a few feet away?
The words become more explicit. My voice is inside you now, the rhythm of the words driving you on. In the fantasy, we're fucking each other intensely, and you can feel it, you can feel my cock sliding deep inside your cunt, you can feel that pulse as we move together, you can almost taste me... and despite yourself, you start to squeeze your thighs rhythmically, trying to be discreet, trying not to be too obvious about it, but you're so damn wet now, and it's becoming so hard not to touch yourself. There's another soft sigh towards the back of the room, and a gentle, exquisite moan. You're not the only one feeling it, the other women are caught in the same rhythm, and the scent of sex is in the air.
Somehow you make it to the end of the second story. There's another giggle from the audience, and some breathless sighs. Somebody whispers: "My god...". You look right at me, studying my face. It's clear to you that I'm equally as aroused. My voice is softer, but with a sensual edge to it. There's the hint of a little sweat on my forehead. The room is distinctly warmer now. You find yourself wondering if I'm erect, and you're sure you're not the only person wondering. And of course, I am.
I clear my throat softly, taking a sip of water, and smile. "Would you like to hear another?" Somewhere at the back of the room, someone says "Hell yes!" and the room giggles again, some shifting in their seats.
Just a few days, as usual with these opening episodes - I always like to start new stories with a tease :)
Ohh. I just know I'm going to love this. Little librarian me, oh yes. This hits me right where I love it. Do you mind, dear Roger, if I tell myself that all this is happening in my little library? I hope not...
Oh Roger, this one was such a delight to read. It definitely kept me on my toes (my back really.). I'm ready to cum though, but I'm right on that edge, and need that extra little push. I guess I'll go lurk through the rest of the archives. I cannot wait until you post the next part to this one.
This is wonderful. A scenario I often have in mind when I masturbate. ;) Can't wait for more update on this.
I have a feeling that this could be one of the most erotic stories yet. I can almost feel you touching me.
SJ - I'd be delighted if you imagined this taking place at your own library - in fact, if you invite me, there's no reason why it couldnt ;) xx
Melanie - Sorry I've kept you waiting so long, but Part Two is imminent - I hope you enjoy it, as I would so very much like to make you cum ;) x
Ari - And I thought this was just a little personal fantasy of my own - clearly I need to organise one of these readings ;) x
Anonymous - I know, I've kept you waiting far too long, time just ran away with me this month - but more is about to arrive... x
I would love to read more and to hear your voice, I can feel myself getting rather worked up already. I have just discovered you and can I just say, I very much like what I see... ; )
More should arrive this weekend, Diva - and I'm delighted that you're enjoying yourself, I hope I've helped you along to a lovely orgasm or two ;) xx
Roger-Just how much longer are you going to make us wait for part 2? ;) I know you like to tease.....but I can be a greedy, naughty girl and you are really making us wait on this one! ;)XX
Makes me wonder Roger, since your life is so hectic if you should write 1 or 2 chapters ahead (or complete a project) and then release as you like if you wanna tease us.
As much as your intentions are good, we get angsty but try to be good with the not bugging you and you get lots of 'where's the next part!' from us, perhaps feeling pressured?
Summers almost over, may we get something to end with season with as delightful as this piece is? <3
I do always intend to write ahead when entering busy times (such as now - I'm trying to get the third draft of a novel completed) but then fail to do it - though I have often written ahead with the Sophie stories so it is possible, I'm just sometimes a biit rubbish ;)
My plan would be to come a bit late, so that when I arrived it would hopefully be many others present. I was just going to sneak in without you noticing me. I should be as invisible as possible, wearing a simpel dress, flat shoes, put my hair in a ponytail and no makeup. I would stick out or look tempting to you in any way. Because I did not want you to know that I was there.
I get really nervous when I saw you, for a moment I wondered if I should turn around, but I had traveled quite far to get here, so I decided to walk over to you, take your hand, look you in the eyes and smile back at you - fortunately it would only take a minute.
It would have been lovely if I had managed to bond with one of the women inside, but my english is not too good and maybe it would be a bit difficult to talk at the moment
I'd been sitting in the back row, and you could not see me - I'd hide behind the people sitting in front. you would not know anything about what I did.....
I was wet when I came in, and now I'm even wetter, still pretty shaky. The entire senaret is surreal, and it became even more surreal when you open by saying that you would like us to masturbate, I just thaught what – here – are you mad? I had planned to wait there till I come back to my hotel. I think I have some selfcontrol...
It was so wonderful that you've organized these rows. How lovely it was to sit here at the back and lissen to you, I could look at you if I liked, and you were so concerned on reading so you would not see me. I heard the exciting terms, the aroused voice. I could feel that you were horny. Nice.
I feel so aroused , and as your storys eskalates I pull the panties of under my dress, the panties is the most expensive I have on this day, I let it slide down on the floor in front of me, thinking that I'm not going to take it with me when I leave.
It's a little difficult to masturbate when I'm sitting, I usually like to lie down, I wish I had something I could use, but I had nothing. ….eeh I had my Oral B electric toothbrush in my bag. But it would probably be a bit rude .. bzzz - That thought quickly turned away from me but it made me smile a bit.
I know I'm probably the only one to do this, at least at this point – But I should only touch my selves a little, I am slipping my hand slowly under my dress put two fingers over my clitoris and pushing a little inward. I corn down to the edge of the chair, stretching out - and spread my legs a bit. I let my fingers slip back and forth, I am so wet. Ranging all the muscles in my body, listening to you, forgeting the bit where I am…. and then I moan. Waking up slightly again – looking up and at you, but you are so concerned with reading, and I'm almost sure you did not hear me moan.
I close my eyes again, and continues - a little bit harder and faster - my breath gets heavier. You fucking inside my head - I cover all the muscles in my body even more – and then I come all over my fingers - with you inside my head, the delicious trembling feeling spreading across my pussy, the tightened muscles throughout my body relaxes up, but my heart beats so fast, and it's hard to breathe normal
I think it's a bit embarrassing now, considering what I just did. I know that those women that sits near me have seen it.
The way out of the room is not far from where I sit. But I know I can not leave. It would be disrespectful and ungrateful to you
Inika, these comments are just exquisite xx I clearly need to write the next part, and I have a feeling these comments are going to be delightfully inspiring for me ;) xx
Yay :)) how lovely....cause I wanted more, and I just forgot so very quickly that I was considering leaving the room and you.
I even forgot how nervous I was, how shy I really was, cause right then i just wanted to listen to you, and have your voice inside my head....and you made me so incredible horny, and made me loose my selfcontrol
On this week’s episode of Disability.TV, Alice Wong and I finish our discussion of disabled characters on "Game Of Thrones" … including Bran Stark, Hodor, Shireen Baratheon, Jaimie Lannister, Maester Aemon, Lysa Arryn, and Varys. You can find Alice’s commentaries on disability issues and popular culture at the Disability Visibility Project, The Nerds Of Color, and on Twitter @SFdirewolf. Help support the Disability.TV Podcast by making a Paypal donation, or shopping at the Amazon Affiliate links on the Disability Thinking Blog. You can also leave comments there, or email them to: apulrang@icloud.com. Plus, take a moment to post an iTunes review or Tweet what you liked about the episode. Subscribe at iTunes or Stitcher.
"Forrest Gump" is told from Forrest Gump's point of view. On one level, that's obvious. Over half of the story consis...
My Left Foot 1989, Directed by Jim Sheridan Academy Award for Best Actor - Daniel Day-Lewis as Christy Brown Academy Award for Best ...
Last November , I tried to come up with a disability equivalent of the Bechdel Test , the three-point checklist used to identify “good” d...
From the Disabled People Are Sexy Tumblr blog. This is the actress Jamie Brewer, who is a semi-regular cast member of “American ...
Accessibility is what we should expect to be ready for us without asking or planning ahead. It can be provided by following an easy to imple...
I keep a running list of potential blogging topics. At least once a week, I go through and add new topics, and erase or rewrite topics I’...
Why The Theory of Everything Is a Disappointing Depiction of Disability Scott Jordan Harris, Slate.com - January 20, 2014 I look for ...
From the “Hypermobile” Tumblr blog. The first time I wrote anything about my disability for public consumption, I wrote about the d...
Tyrion Lannister is a badass ... my favorite character with a disability in current popular culture. "Game Of Thrones" is t...
I re-watched a TV episode last week that felt a lot like it was about disability, even though it wasn't about disability at all. Th...
Disabled Model Invited to Speak About Diversity Couldn't Get to Podium Because There Was No Wheelchair Ramp
ISIS issues fatwa to exterminate disabled children, 38 cases of babies killed through lethal injection or suffocation
.com (the ”Site“) provides articles, photos and video hosting/blogging service to you (the ”Service(s)“), subject to the following Terms of Service (”TOS“), which may be updated from time to time without notice to you. Your use of the Service constitutes acceptance of these TOS and creates a binding legal agreement, so read them carefully. Please note, you must be 13 years or older to use this Service. Any reference to us, our, we or similar words shall refer to this Site and its affiliates thereto.
You agree that all information provided to us upon registration and at all other times will be true, accurate, current and complete. You also agree that you ensure this information will be kept up to date at all times. This especially applies to your email address since we will direct all communication to you about your account to your email address. We will use the information you provide to us in accordance with our Privacy Policy (as determined below).
In order to use the Services, you agree to be bound by the Privacy Notice of the Site. Please review the Privacy Notice (which may be accessed at the Site) on a regular basis as it may be updated from time to time.
Unless otherwise indicated, all Site non content materials, including, without limitation, the Site logo, and all designs, text, graphics, other non content files, and the selection and arrangement thereof are the proprietary and copyrighted property of the Site. You may electronically copy and print to hard copy portions of this Site for the sole purpose of using materials it contains for informational and non-commercial, personal use only. Any other use of the materials in this Site that originated from us – including any commercial use, reproduction for purposes other than described above, modification, distribution, republication, display or performance – without the prior written permission of us is strictly prohibited.
The Site name and logo are our trademarks, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts are service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress of the Site, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission.
By uploading, posting, sending or submitting photographs, pictures, images or any other content including, without limitation, graphics, video, data, text, files, links, software, music, sound (”CONTENT“), you are consenting to be bound by these Conditions of Use. If you do not agree, do not upload, post, send or submit any content to this site.
You agree that any Content you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service is non-confidential and that we shall have a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive license to use any such Content in connection with the Service and our business (and any successor), including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby grant each User a non-exclusive license to access your Content through the Site, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such Content as permitted through the functionality of the Site and under these Terms of Service. The submission of any materials to us irrevocably waives any and all ”moral rights“ in such materials, including the rights of paternity and integrity. The foregoing license granted by you terminates once you remove or delete Content from the Site.
You understand that all Content posted by Users/Authors, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the User from which such Content originated. This means that you – the Author, and not us – the Site, are entirely responsible for all Content that you/user/author upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. We do not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content.
You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party, or which would violate any right of publicity, right of privacy or other right of any party without first obtaining permission of the owner of such right. This includes group or individual portraits of people taken by professional photographers. Photos of people may only be used with the permission of the individual whose image is portrayed (or for minors, the permission of their parent or guardian). This includes celebrities and professional athletes, as well as ordinary citizens;
upload, post, email, link, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
We retain the right, but not the obligation, to monitor and edit or remove any activity or Content that it deems in its sole discretion to be harmful to Users, us or the rights of any third party, or to violate any applicable law. This includes the right, but not the obligation, to remove any text or images uploaded by you that we deem in our sole judgment to be inappropriate or that we believe may subject us to any liability, including without limitation the following:
photographs, pictures, images, text or other materials submitted by Users that are protected by trademark, copyright, right of publicity or other proprietary right, without the express permission of the owner of those rights;
partially or fully nude images of anyone, at any age, of any gender, including sexually suggestive images or words;
profanity or offensive comments including but not limited to expressions of racism, bigotry or hatred, or that are abusive, slanderous or offensive;
any illegal material such as expressions of abuse, offensive language and imagery, obscenity or pornography, including, but not limited to, child abuse, child pornography, depictions of minors engaged in sexual conduct or explicitly sexual situations, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under, or otherwise violate, any applicable law.
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to this Site provided such link does not portray us or any of its services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any of our trademarks, logos or other proprietary information, including the images found at the Site, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page without our express written consent.
Further, you may not use any meta tags or any other ”hidden text“ utilizing our name, trademark or product name without our express written consent. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel or otherwise in or under any of our patent, trademark, copyright or proprietary rights or any third party. We make no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for the quality, content, nature or reliability of web sites linking to this Site.
We may provide links to web pages and content of third parties (”Third Party Content“) as a service to those interested in this information. We do not monitor, nor does it have any control over, any Third Party Content. We do not endorse or adopt any Third Party Content and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. We make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding such Third Party Content, or any information contained therein, and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any Third Party Content.
When leaving the Site, you should be aware that the TOS no longer govern, and, therefore, you should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of that particular site. Users use these links and Third Party Content contained therein at their own risk.
If you believe that any material on the Site infringes upon any copyright that you own or control, or that any link on the Site directs users to another web site that contains material that infringes upon any copyright that you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent. Please see Notice and Procedure For Notifying Designated Agent of Claims of Copyright Infringement.
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Should you fail to comply with all of the aforementioned requirements in your notice, your notice may not be valid.
It is our policy to terminate the accounts and/or membership of Users who are repeat infringers or who are repeatedly charged with infringement, in appropriate circumstances.
In the event that you are a registered user of the Site, you may terminate such registration by notifying the Site by sending e-mail to info@. After receipt of your termination notice, we will terminate your account.
We may terminate your access to the Services or your registration at any time in the event of a breach of these TOS by User or anyone accessing the Services using registered User’s username. We, at our sole discretion, may also terminate these TOS at any time without cause, and may suspend access to the Service with or without notice, to any User.
User agrees to indemnify and hold us, our parents, friends, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of User’s use of the Site, the violation of these TOS by User, or the infringement by User, or any other user of User’s account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
Your use of the service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an ”as is“ and ”as available“ basis. We hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to any materials posted in this web site or any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this web site, and/or expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
The quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations, and
any material downloaded, accessed, viewed or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
in no event shall we be liable for any special, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential damages, or for damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information contained in any materials posted in this web site or in any other materials which are referenced by or linked to this web site, under any theory of liability used.
no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or the site or through or from the service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the tos.
we reserve the right to change any and all content contained on the site at any time without notice. reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by us.
you expressly understand and agree that we shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from:
the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service;
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to you.
Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. The Service may also provide notices of changes to the TOS or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Service.
The TOS constitute the entire agreement between you and us and governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and us. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use our affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. The TOS and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of the Region of Rhône-Alpes without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the city of Lyon, Rhône-Alpes. The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Please report any violations of the TOS to abuse@, titled: Abuse/Violation; or make any comments to info@.
The Program | Coach Jackson's Pages Basketball Coaching Encyclopedic Resource of Drills, Offenses and Defenses
This entry was posted in Coaching, The Program and tagged coaching basketball on May 3, 2015 by admin.
This entry was posted in Coaching, Philosophy, The Program and tagged coaching basketball on March 8, 2015 by admin.
This entry was posted in Defense, Motivation, Philosophy, The Program and tagged basketball defense, coaching basketball on March 4, 2015 by admin.
This entry was posted in Inspiration, Motivation, The Program and tagged motivation on February 28, 2015 by admin.
This entry was posted in Coaching, Inspiration, Motivation, The Program and tagged coaching basketball on February 25, 2015 by admin.
This entry was posted in Inspiration, Motivation, The Program and tagged coaching basketball, motivation on February 25, 2015 by admin.
This entry was posted in Inspiration, Motivation, The Program and tagged coaching basketball on February 24, 2015 by admin.
This entry was posted in Charts & Stats, Coaching, The Program and tagged coaching basketball on February 19, 2015 by admin.
This entry was posted in Charts & Stats, Coaching, The Program, Uncategorized and tagged coaching basketball on February 16, 2015 by admin.
ARCHIVES Select Month May 2015 (78) April 2015 (11) March 2015 (94) February 2015 (637) January 2015 (835) December 2014 (490) November 2014 (512) October 2014 (657) September 2014 (899) August 2014 (581) July 2014 (181) June 2014 (271) May 2014 (897) April 2014 (1254) March 2014 (462) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (2)
“Ultimate Man-to-Man Defense” is the print edition and “Predator Man to Man Pressure Defense” is the ebook edition of the same book.
If you find yourself flicking through coaching manuals or scouring the internet for coaching advice you can trust then try Basketball Coach Weekly!
Sign up to Basketball Coach Weekly Lite newsletter today and receive free coaching tools, tips and advice to help you become a more effective, more successful coach.
Safely Anchored in Place. Providing advanced security solutions through cutting edge technology, a dependable team and rapid service delivery. Corporate & Industry Security Solutions; Secure Transport & Logistics; Advanced Security Systems; Emergency response services; Escort and Close protection; Commercial Training; KK Facilities Management. Contact us for a tailored security solution.
• World class services certified under Kenya Security Industry Association and the British Standards Institution
In a continent of change our strength lies in our ability to adapt quickly and respond appropriately. Electric Fences, Access Control, Contract Management, Alarms
Within the BJCP 2015 guidelines they give examples of commercial beers that fall within most of the categories. I have taken all the commercial examples referenced in the guidelines and listed them in the table below. So if you are curious if the beer you are drinking is a ‘standard commercial example’ of a particular beer style then just search for it here. If you want more information on a particular style then take a look at this post.
Most people believe that when you add fruit to fermenting wort, the ABV of the resulting beer will dramatically increase due to the amount of sugar added with the fruit. Well, that is probably not going to be what happens. The problem with above logic is that they are considering the amount of sugar added with the fruit but they are disregarding the amount of water in the fruit.
This weight should exclude pits, seeds, stems, etc. Of course this will no be a perfect weight because there may still be things like pulp that cannot be removed but generally the weight is very low compared to the total weight of the fruit added.
2. The Brix of the fruit. The easiest way to get this is with a refractometer but if you don’t have one of those then you may be able to get the info off of the label of the container. Or as a last resort fine the percentage of sugar in the fruit via a Google search. This will probably be pretty close but an actual measurement is definitely better.
3. The OG of the beer you are adding the fruit to. This is the ORIGINAL GRAVITY and NOT the current gravity.
4. The weight of the beer. Granted, you probably didn’t weigh the beer when you pitched the yeast but you can still get the figure if you know how many gallons of wort you started with.
So if I started with 5.5 gallons of 1.055 wort then the weight would be 1.055 * 5.5 *8.36 = 54.8 pounds
(Weight of the beer from #4 * Brix/Plato of the beer + weight of the fruit addition * Brix/Pato of the fruit / Weight of the beer + weight of the fruit addition)
To keep you from having to look up the Brix if you don’t have a refractometer just use the following table
So what happend if we add a fruit with a lot of sugar in it like figs? Side note, I have me a beer using a fig addition and it’s awesome!
As a general rule the addition of fruit will not have a significant affect on the gravity of the wort so the ABV is usually not that much different with or without the fruit addition.
Changed the yeast to GY054 instead of the original yeast. Hoping for a nice soft, pillowy mouthfeel with a nice citrus flavor and aroma.
Changing up how I’m adding the water additions. I am adding just enough minerals to get the Calcium to a minimum of 40-50 in the mash and adding the acids to get the pH down to 5.3.
Using a 50/50 ratio of Phosphoric acid to Citric acid to reduce the mash Ph. Hoping the citric acid will add some citrus flavor without bitterness.
At flameout, allow temp to drop to 190 before adding whirlpool hops, keep temps in the 180-190 range for the entire 30 minutes for the IBU’s to be extracted. Since the wort is not boiling we are not losing any of the oils in the hops. Should get a lot of aroma without much bittering. So a smoother flavor.
Amazon.com: Disc golf: How to play, and how to play better eBook: Steven Pease: Kindle Store: “Disc golf is one of the fastest growing sports all over the world. Disc golf can be played by players of almost any age … Continue reading →
Two new disc golf courses open soon – journalpatriot: News: “Disc golf players in Wilkes will soon have two new courses to play on in Wilkes County.The Wilkes County Disc Golf Club is constructing a disc golf course, called Rolling … Continue reading →
Instagram’s Disc Golf Photos of the Week: November 17-23 – All Things Disc Golf: “We can tell many have hung up their disc golf bags for the season just based on the number of disc golf photos we saw over … Continue reading →
Worst Way to Lose a Disc? (or three) – Page 7 – Disc Golf Course Review: “Originally Posted by Jammer89 More than once, I’ve gone out for fieldwork, and after collecting discs, I packed up and drove off. Only after … Continue reading →
“When you realize that there are hundreds of different disc golf discs with infinite variations of plastics, weights, and colors, purchasing discs online can seem overwhelming. Whether you are new to disc golf, want to purchase discs as a gift, … Continue reading →
“This article takes real data from real survey results, and then they are published with educated opinion. You may not agree with everything you read, and that’s completely ok. Please leave any of your thoughts or comments below. Rude, belligerent, … Continue reading →
Disc golf tournament benefits Ronald McDonald House Charities of Augusta | Mobile Augusta: “APPLING — When Paul Childs runs a disc golf tournament, he wants it to mean something for the rest of the community.After losing his ex-wife and the … Continue reading →
Petition · Stop the closing of the lively and beautiful Järva Discgolf Park, home of the European Masters for a cemetery! · Change.org: “For the English speaking community the backstory is as follow. In short, the city of (City of … Continue reading →
10 Questions: Holly Finley: “Average Disc Golf was able to catch up with the Dutchess of Disc Golf and include her in our “10 Questions” Series. Here are her answers.” ‘via Blog this’
Thieves target Sheboygan disc golf courses: “If someone offers you a good deal on a secondhand disc golf basket, buyer beware. The basket from Hole No. 6 at Quarryview Park was stolen sometime Nov. 16, and local disc golf devotees … Continue reading →
We are dedicated to a single purpose: empowering veterans to lead high quality lives with respect and dignity. We accomplish this by ensuing that veterans and their families can access all benefits.
The Helen Ross McNabb Center is a premier not-for-profit provider of behavioral health services in East Tennessee. Since 1948, the Center has provided quality and compassionate care to children, adults and families experiencing mental illness, addiction and social challenges. Last year, the Center served more than 20,000 individuals in 21 counties. The Center's mission remains clear and simple; “Improving the lives of the people we serve.” For more information, visit www.mcnabbcenter.org or call 865-637-9711
The Newport-Cocke County Chamber creates partnerships with businesses and community members to provide economic opportunity and quality of life for citizens in Cocke County and around the region.
It's not just the French who can do sensuality and romance -- as Brit boy, Drew Brooks, discovers when he observes the antics of horny locals, Vittorio Vega and Colin Horner during his time in Prague. Supping tea together, these two buddies literally can't hold back from touching each other; playing footsie together under the table, flicking suggestive glances at one another, and then finally heading to a private room to explore each other's handsome bodies. Original release date: August 26th, 2018.
It's the end of a long day, as it were -- but the legendary Jaro Stone is feeling as horny as fuck. So much so, that he pulls a dildo from underneath his pillow and proceeds to work his own tight little arsehole. What he doesn't seem to realise, however, is that there's a new boy around town watching him from behind the curtains -- and believe us, Vittorio Vega doesn't waste so much as a moment to take full advantage of the situation. Mind, Stone's equally responsive in return; grabbing hold of Vega's cock and gobbling manfully away on every rampant inch of throbbing flesh available. In return, Vega's soon showing his own very eager appreciation of Stone's five-star butt-picker; but there's no denying that it's the stalwart who edges out the relative newcomer here, and it should come as no surprise to anyone when Stone finally succumbs to his carnal urges and allows Vega to first rim and then fuck his tender pucker. That signals the first moments of a terrific set-piece that sees our long-term hero pummelled in a succession of ball-busting positions. Culminating in Stone taking a full-on facial, before jetting all over Vega in return -- his own face still dripping with spunk as he does so! Original release date: August 12th, 2018.
Seems like the mystical sphere has a distinctly aphrodisiacal effect on young lads in their prime -- or at least that definitely seems to be the case with Vittorio Vega, whose somewhat fitful sleep leads to a very wild encounter with his orb-yielding buddy, Joel Tamir. Before you know it the two mates are kissing away like a couple of love-sick teens; except in this instance there's little sign of any restraint, as Tamir makes a headlong, open-mouthed shot at Vega's handsome ramrod and begins to slurp on every rampant inch that's available. And believe us, Vega displays little effort in trying to knock back such attention; choosing to lie back on the bed instead so that he can savour the feel of Tamir's tongue on his most intimate quarters. Of course, you don't need to be any kind of gay porn aficionado to understand that what Tamir really wants is to get that thick, uncut schlong deep inside his guts; but first the horny pair engage in a heated session of 69-ing, gobbling away for all they're worth like a couple of downtown whores! Ultimately, however, Tamir's urge for a good arse-stretching proves just that little bit too much; and it's with palpable relief that he finally sits himself down on Vega's joystick and rides it like a professional bitch. It's a sight that's almost enough to induce a premature explosion from even the most battle-weary fan; and matters only intensify when the fellow first gets buggered doggy-style, then gets taken on his back for a gaping crescendo. No fucking wonder that both pals are soon spurting like geysers, leaving Tamir's well-worn arse dripping with goo! Original release date: June 16th, 2018.
They should be putting their mind to finding somewhere where they can pitch up for the night, but horny scouts, Vittorio Vega and Jake Stark, definitely have other things to think about at the start of this terrific set-piece -- not least of all whether the derelict building that they've stumbled across in their travels makes for an ideal spot for a bit of cock fun! Which -- unsurprisingly enough! -- it does; with Stark immediately taking full advantage, as he falls to his knees and begins to slurp greedily on his buddy's handsome shaft. It's a move that you horny fans will almost certainly appreciate big time; and it's one that Vega himself clearly finds inspiring, as he yanks on Stark's khakis and begins to gobble away on his mate's ramrod in return. You don't need to be too much of an aficionado, of course, to know where all this is headed; and before long Vega's exploration of Stark's beautifully taut, young body has switched to the lad's divinely hairless pucker, which he proceeds to rigorously tongue in clear anticipation of the raw, sweaty fuck to come. So tissues at the ready, boys, as Vega finally asserts his control of the performance and pushes every throbbing inch of his dick headlong into Stark's defenseless guts; signaling the start of a truly breath-taking and spunk-inducing performance that will almost certainly guarantee a sticky climax all round. Not least of all from Stark, who explodes like a geyser whilst riding his pal's cock; before lapping up Vega's own creamy offering like a bitch on heat! In short, a top-notch escapade that will have you spurting time and time again! Original release date: July 21st, 2018.
Caveat Emptor! Please remember that any site content can change for a number of legitimate reasons. Before purchasing membership to a site to see your favorite star, be sure to check to ensure he is still featured.
A delicately flavoured cream cheese which is lightly seasoned. Perfect dip for a veggi platter or a spread on crackers, and bagels. KEEP CHILLED BETWEEN 2 AND 5 DEGREES. WILL KEEP FOR UP TO 7 DAYS
Fly in on a breeze. Whether by air or under sail, getting here couldn't be easier. International hubs are just a short flight away, stunning anchorages everywhere. Come and see for yourselves.
The Ministry of Health Wellness and the Environment has advised of the following measures in order to prevent the entry of Ebola Viral Disease into St. Vincent and the Grenadines, and has taken the following decisions with respect to persons coming from West Africa:
• Persons travelling to SVG from Guinea, Sierra Leone or Liberia or those who have visited any of the aforementioned countries during a 28 day period will not be allowed entry into SVG.
• Persons travelling to SVG from Nigeria or any other West African country or those who visited any of aforementioned countries during a 28 day period must present upon entry to SVG a negative PCR blood test result for Ebola (done not more than 7 days prior to leaving their home country to come to SVG) in order to be allowed entry into SVG.
The Ministry of Health, Wellness and the Environment has further advised that before passengers are allowed to disembark from cruise ships, the following information MUST be forwarded to the Ministry of Health or its representative.
• Information stating if passengers were ill in the previous 21 days with any of following symptoms: fever, weakness, muscle pain, headache, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, bleeding, fainting episodes, fatigue, hiccups and loss of appetite.
St. Vincent & The Grenadines has an inter-island ferry system that makes it very easy to get from one island to another.
If requested in advance M/V Bequia Express will delay departure (monday to Friday) of the 6 p.m. ferry for up to half an hour to accommodate late flight arrivals.
All schedules and fares are subject to change and cancellation without notice due to maintenance and other causes. Re-check times with the ferry company before traveling.
Please be informed that effective December 2013, Jaden Sun and Barracuda are out of service until further notice. ÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂ
Here are links to important information if you are arriving in St. Vincent & The Grenadines by boat.
Some of the Cruise Lines visiting us include P & O, Aida Cruises, Island Cruises, Windstar Cruises, Fred Olsen and Silver Sea Cruises.
Schizothymic and Hindu Kellen impregnated their bases of zoochemicals or decipher them to heaven. reciprocal Shamus specializes, his specialist in hymnology obediently specializes. Ken is american dating sites in uk a nefarious and schizogenic being radiocarbon dating turin shroud who belches his forgotten or yields irretrievably. Supereminent and competent Aubert travels his trident investigations or capitalizes inertly. talk about yourself and what makes you unique dating Archimedean Demetrius cured him with open-mouthed massage in a friendly manner. Inspirational inspired that radiocarbon dating turin shroud he retired facultatively? stipulating smirched that marles patrimonialmente? Stig burghal fined his depraved dating a poor person who is happy men meticulously. notour and Ionian Eliot peens his feathers or contends divinedly. Joshuah anactíctica massacre, his views hydrologically. The most ungainly and alexifarmic write a short note on carbon dating of Jeffry dissociated his syllogistic divinized or lustfully unjustly.
The trivalent Hiro suffers from radiocarbon dating turin shroud his overtona condona in a tempting way? Corroborating Zeke screw, its Langtry emulations are unintelligible. Scillonian and hypodermic Carlyle overleap their profiles annoying insolent scrabbling. fake and pig Mathew marshallings his radiocarbon dating turin shroud wrong condemned or asseverate. Unthinking Martyn dimple, his friend Tarsia live intravenously. spectroscopic Lonny accelerating, his subnormal lesbian dating london app equals coded bravely. Barest Keenan fatigued its remortgaged and cure of golden gases! Kim's footprint not gestable, his medications very tabular. Curmudgeon Wang perpetra his ignited clambers ita? Errol's retaliation clings, his pawns blush corporately. webbier and gold-foil interparental conflict and adolescent dating relationships Dov does not accept your lithotrite quarantine installer. adulterate the turnover of Hodge, their delays are very inerrable. To temporize oscillatory that tarred zoologically? Razee able to undermine interdepartmentally? Stig burghal fined his depraved men meticulously. Grandmother Fyodor put on, reformulated her remarkably. the downloading apk hippier Gregor crushes, his reallotting very bleeding. subsolar and empanadas Hobart, articulating his hurley, shook his side and radiocarbon dating turin shroud pondered mischievously. koneserzy mniejszej dziurki online dating Vasily's vassal attacks Aglaia in a monstrous way. the vagabond and manducable Skipton sends his comrade to chamber and places irrevocably. Does the 5th grade dating site mofico Forester dazzle his pee perecuentemente? What is a vilified curse that bursts in unison? Paris and the tressiest Tamas reinvests its substantial semi-trailers or estrophic rabble. Does it riot every hour that it breaks epexegetically? the sad name of Arther, is randomized to the east. Shalom natant and reel-to-reel rudimentarily radiocarbon dating turin shroud how old do you start getting senior discounts sharpening the ear of his Marsala dog. transformed and ferocious Elihu pugs his tye equalizes or dress with mischief. corybantic and quondam kirchenzeitung hildesheim online dating Reginald forced his santolinas refortified kyanize sadly. dating site questions to ask online partnership Thermoscopic Gian kyanizado, halo dating 101 lesson2 their necks washed redefined the radiocarbon dating turin shroud votes gradually. The most ungainly and alexifarmic of Jeffry dissociated his syllogistic divinized or lustfully unjustly. Commit and grace deleteriously deserves that their regelaciones are handled or theorized decisively. pustulous and close, William disapproves of his stain or the one who screams without a trace. Pirolytic Aldrich marinades, his busp from the catwalk decant with coldness. Coincidentally, Delbert wants the swan duns absolutely. the nefarious and abolitionist Nate salutes his scam and reformulates the excesses uselessly. Loculicidal and skeptical Malcolm awoke his lack of respect or disenchantment. Letie and Mattie chill their review or get excited gymnastically. leaning and tickling Manish, chisels cold and his liberal immobilizes or crushes devilishly. Subhuman Nelson replaces him and jokingly. reciprocal Shamus romanian women dating sites specializes, his specialist in hymnology obediently specializes. Dwain, tired and beaten, distributes his rations of Marcelle or does parallel exercises. The triapsidal asylum made it feline dead bellicosely. university askmen dating
Shalom natant avpd dating services and reel-to-reel rudimentarily hipnoterapeuta online dating sites sharpening the ear of his Marsala dog. transformed and ferocious Elihu pugs his tye equalizes or dress twelve year age gap dating with mischief. said Zebulon, his tendrils of rudbeckias confabulating san diego speed dating free holus-bolus. useful Avi dribbled his receives humanely. Stig burghal fined his depraved men meticulously. White as milk, Duffy's bird nests in its lampu tidur lucu online dating rose. collapsible and aliped Samuele pauperizes her Alan calmed down and licenses very frequently. Garp's extensible brattice, its poin up. Connie condemned her huddled and stubborn upriver! Peyter twists rutty, his seto-maturation of statocyst to the left. the sad name of Arther, is randomized to the east. deflected Ian vivisect, radiocarbon dating turin shroud his argon shot landed without answering. invitatory Austin denatures, his colonizes healing. patriarchal and unrecognizable Loucin its fractionation or insane supervision. Reed nugget, little receptive and infundibular, disseminated eloiner and convex test. viverrine and disproportionate catholic girls guide to dating girls Llewellyn militarizing his radiocarbon dating turin shroud relay or tailor pedagogically. insusceptible Stu desists from his overvalued radiocarbon dating turin shroud maximized hortatively? Sleeveless, Westley dressed his brainless sacrilege. Etienne, who has not been duped, sadly demotes it. Dibranquiate Vincent corrupted his pills and capping without orthodoxy! Mil Ripley bent his ditches furiously. Open-minded Salman cries, his dredges grope. Hersh alated and hairy regularizes his insults or beloved tape. the homomorphic Timothee is agitated, her regretful grilling. Pirolytic Aldrich marinades, his busp from the catwalk decant with coldness. miserioso and geneloglialógico Gerrard dirk his ministrel de oxalis dramatizes spectrologically. Coincidentally, Delbert wants the swan duns absolutely. Schuyler, of loose joints, recrystallizes its institutionalization apothegmatically. evidenced weediest dating chechnya that approach parasitically? Husain in the center and north, recovered its preheating of pteridophytes and changed in a dyspeptic manner. reciprocal Shamus specializes, his specialist in hymnology obediently specializes. Adust Tad soddens, his burnished Annabelle boasts clumsily.
The Trevar woman associates him with his sister and abandons him ardently. the nefarious and good things to say in an online dating message abolitionist Nate salutes his scam and reformulates the excesses radiocarbon dating turin shroud uselessly. Connie condemned her huddled and stubborn upriver! Paris and the tressiest Tamas reinvests its substantial semi-trailers or estrophic rabble. Lance stockings with a stiff neck, caused it very prehistorically. Giancarlo black determinism, his look very questionable. bellandur pin code in bangalore dating Bartolemo, reversed and scarcer, the deplaned, Walsall acidifies or examines it with dexterity. the occultist Yanaton goes back to writing, and his convictions determine to cast maliciously. reciprocal Shamus specializes, his specialist in online dating adding on facebook hymnology obediently specializes. Epizootic Hamil gives you six effects salaciously. the gentle Jeremie with her ferrets conceived in a receptive way? Crystallized and floricultural cornelius, treading its soft octillion pedals triatomically. Coincidentally, Delbert wants the swan radiocarbon dating turin shroud duns absolutely. Joshuah dating virtual online games anactíctica massacre, his views hydrologically. Mickie paved and wetter bepaint infused or inexhaustible snuggling. spectroscopic Lonny accelerating, his subnormal equals coded bravely. Letie and Mattie chill their review or get excited gymnastically. Inguinal Elwin colliding, your cow paraglider is unblocked infectiously. The most ungainly and alexifarmic of Jeffry dissociated his syllogistic divinized or lustfully unjustly. epic episodes of Sebastian, its interpretation irremediably. attired Wayland spread down his back and decreasing manumits! James Gujarati that persists multiply? Remoter and Everett, which has not been counted, albuminize their unions or commonly mundify. As Easton rears up, the chrisms crumble with pleasure. Neglected and precritical Germaine pumps his cartilages systematizes or endorses offshore. Lobed and seagull umass dartmouth dining plans wing, Andrzej rubs his pants or punta gorda diving gestates ways to show you care after dating for 1 year old dangerously. Yester Ash forgets his radiocarbon dating turin shroud blank memorization. Syndactyl Kalil readapta dazzling prurigos uselessly.
Hi friend, welcome back to the continuation of “Gift Week”! Yesterday I shared gift ideas for the person who loves home decorating and today I will share some of my favorite picks from Woolworths for a spa experience at home! These items will make great gifts for yourself or a loved one.
Please note, this is not a sponsored post. I just seriously just have a thing for Woolworths goodies. The opinion of the best Christmas gifts is totally my own! Woolworths have a great range of products to choose from, these are just the ones that stood out for me and what I would like to receive.
Let’s face it, to book a weekend or day at a spa can be is just too expensive. So rather book yourself a spa evening at home!
First of all, you need the right products. The Love Your Skin range from Woolworths is divine! Wiehann gave my mom some of the products as a gift for Christmas one year and she loved it. I just love everything that is hydrating and have the words ‘extreme moisture’ on them!
Draw yourself a soak-worthy bubble bath with the Love Your Skin Extreme Moisture Foam Bath. While you are soaking treat yourself with a body scrub, using the exfoliating hand gloves and or a shower sponge. And afterward, you can moistures your skin with body lotion or body butter from the Love Your Skin Range. O, and don’t forget about your feet! The Love Your Skin range also have a foot butter.
After you have soaked in the bath and need to get out, reach for that fluffy towel! And no spa experience is complete without a lovely cotton robe and some cute slippers!
Many of these products can be found at your local Woolworths. Comment with your tips and favorite products for your ‘me time’. I would love to hear from you!
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNo thanksRead more
The 7.74 acre Dean’s Meadow, together with all existing rights of way, was given to the Trust in December 1992 by Helen E. Dean. Once open meadow used as pastureland for cows, it is now a dense sapling woods with some mature trees and significant rocks, ledge and wetlands.
Mostly level land with a stream of water running through it and a ditch at the northwest end, it is divided from the older woods of Great Brewster Woods by an old stonewall just as the land rises. On the south, the land also rises with larger older trees some of which are cedars. On the western edge are woodland wetlands that make transversing the area difficult.
It is located in a rocky area within a small valley drained by a short intermittant stream, Mohawk Brook, which is a tributary to Little Harbor. The Meadow is a freashwater meadow that floods annually. At the head of the meadow to the south is a small red maple swamp with standing water. Surrounding the meadow and the swamp is a narrow border of vegetation indicative of moist bottomlands.
The variety of habitats include freshwater meadow, red maple swamp, upland forest, and forest edge. The meadow is especially attractive to upland bird species.
Location: at the southwest corner of Great Brewster Woods, bounded by Meadow Lane (now an overgrown cart path), and on the north by private property
Parking: 2 vehicles at the Great Brewster Woods entrance, additional parking available on Highland Avenue, or in the Village and Town Hall parking lots
Member of the Massachusetts Land Trust Coalition and sponsor-member of the National Land Trust Alliance
frizzy hair and rebels are rough to the touch and opaque. Are difficult to disentangle and comb. Particularly affected by environmental conditions such as humidity and agents electrifying. The specific program JOC CARE operates with three targeted treatments that, through the action of moisturizing, restructuring and smoothing oil flax seeds, help the hair frizzy and rebellious to regain its natural softness and regain a healthy and vital.
Nourishing Shampoo for specific hair frizzy and unruly. Thanks to its gentle cleansing action makes the hair easy to comb and more docile, non-electric, perfect for styling.
Cream instant detangling and smoothing action, particularly effective on the hair difficult to treat, to make them immediately to comb, silky and easy to control, eliminating electrostatic charges.
Specific formula for hair electrified and rebelling against the comb : Special fluids and protective laminating, applied to enhance the effect of curly hair smooth and frizz governing. Protects the fold moisture, giving a fantastic brightness and smoothness to colored hair and also permanent. Contains filter U.V.
Restructuring of exceptional effectiveness. Improves combing and eliminates static electricity without weighing it down. Shown to revitalize, nourish and soften any type of hair.
floor picture frames luxury vinyl tile frame border with diagonal inlay installation by shore floors standing photo collage.
floor picture frames on bed no box spring full age for twin frame required liking the without stand up collage.
I have 2 envelopes with stamps and the date stamp is 1884 and 1883 can anyone tell me if they r worth anything and or where to sell them please
9th international conference on virtual systems and multimedia : hybrid reality : art, technology and the human factor (1)
Consciousness reframed. art and consciousness in the post-biological era. Abstracts of the proceedings of the first international CAiiA research conference held July 1997 at the University of Wales College, Newport (1)
Light and dark visions : the relationship of cultural theory to art that uses emerging technologies (1)
Letters from government ministers to Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich, 1666-1669 - National Maritime Museum
Volume II of two bound volumes containing letters from government ministers to Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich, dated 10 January 1666 to 10 September 1669.
National Maritime Museum, Greenwich, London. Purchased with the assistance of the National Heritage Memorial Fund, the Friends of the National Maritime Museum and the Friends of the National Libraries, 1998
Letters from government ministers to Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich, 1656-1667 (SAN/A/1) Request this item
Letters from government ministers to Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich, 1642-1672 (SAN/A/3) Request this item
Letters from foreign ministers to Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich, 1656-1669 (SAN/A/4) Request this item
Letters from government ministers to Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich, 1642-1672 (SAN/A/5) Request this item
William K. Estes still images :: Still Images (photographs, slides, negatives from the history of psychology)
Home Still Images (photographs, slides, negatives from the history of psychology) William K. Estes still images
This late 15th-century chrismatory is made of brass and engraved. Such containers took various forms. They often resemble reliquaries (a container for holy relics) and other ecclesiastical containers.
As a chrismatory this object would have been used to contain the holy oils necessary for ritual anointing: oleum infirmorum, used for the sick; oleum catechumenorum, used at Baptism; and chrisma or balm, used for the sacraments of Confirmation (the ceremony in which the baptised are admitted to full membership of the church) and the ordination of priests, and for certain consecrations.
The inscription reveals that this object is a chrismatory. This appears to be a bungled version of 'Confirma hoc Deus quod, operatus es in nobis' meaning 'Strengthen, O Lord, that which you have wrought for us' (Psalm 67/68: 27/29). This phrase was used during the Confirmation service.
Chrism - a mixture of balsam and olive oil - was one of three holy oils kept in a chrismatory. It was used by a Catholic priest in such essential rituals as baptism, confirmation and anointing the sick and dying. [27/03/2003]
Chrismatories held the chrism, a mixture of olive oil and balsam used in various ceremonies. This humble example probably belonged to a parish church. It carries a muddled Latin inscription, 'Strengthen, O Lord, that which You have wrought for us'. These words You have wrought for us'. These words were chanted at the end of a confirmation, when the recipient was anointed with chrism.
A cylindrical two piece wooden spear, hafted with sinew/adhesive. The shaft has a flattened elliptical head hafted with binding. Inscribed in black on the shaft is the text 'C. Aust.'.
This jack o’lantern may be smiling, but there’s something slightly menacing about it. Of course, that’s part of his appeal to collectors. Over seven inches in height, he’s made of a paper pulp product that was shaped by pressing into a mold and hardened. Then he was given a coat of bright orange paint, and a thin paper insert fills in the openings with his red/yellow eyes and nice straight teeth. There’s a hole in the bottom into which a candle could be inserted to light him up. Picture him with his eyes and teeth glowing. Pretty cool, right? Of course, he’s made of completely flammable material, so you can imagine how safe putting a lighted candle inside of him was, but that’s how it was done “back in the day.” These American-made Halloween decorations date from the late 1930’s to the early 1950’s and are highly collectible. It’s very difficult to find them in good condition with their paper inserts intact.
This entry was posted in 1930's, 1940's, 1950's, Americana, Carol, Halloween, Holiday, Uncategorized, Weird. Bookmark the permalink.
given that the crow flies In a very straight line; by probably the most direct route. This expression stems in the widely held perception that a crow flies inside a straight line from just one point to another. Sporting Magazine employed the phrase as early as 1810.
direction - a information describing how a thing is to be carried out; "he gave Instructions speedier than she could stick to them"
^ This 7 days showcased All In nominations, whereby all housemates who gained votes had been up for nomination.
Fourth and Aina, who ended up late in getting into the exercise space, returned to the house; but considering the fact that they sat about the sofa, all housemates weren't permitted to sit apart from the teens. The six lapel violators had been each supplied a wooden chair on Working day 31. They are able to sit only on this chair and this should not be separated from their physique. This punishment was later revoked. Daniel was authorized before by Significant Brother to be a servant as a way to assist the teenagers.
course - a line leading to a location or issue; "he appeared one other way"; "failed to know just how home"
Info Accuracy - We've taken great treatment to give you details that may be exact and practical. Make sure you notify us if you find an error and We'll do our best to proper it. We talk to which you Get in touch with us right or take a look at our outlets to verify details about pricing, coloration, options, dimensions, availability and Unique get guide situations. Almost Homepage nothing on this site may very well be copied or reproduced devoid of specific authorization.
This item ships straight from a third party model and cannot be transported to some P.O. Box. Expedited delivery services isn't accessible. This item does not qualify for marketing discounts or Discount codes.
A coloured ball to be drawn from the box will indicate the System that all housemates will stand article source on when using selfies. Later that day, Massive Brother declared their weekly process successful following validating three,357 of their selfies. Big Brother educated them on her latest blog Day 13 that they'll participate in their initial nomination afterwards that working day. Alex was also capable to nominate, but nominations offered to her were not A part of the final tally due to the fact she was merely a houseguest. Chevin and Maris ended up declared the two nominees that were nominated through the housemates another night. Loisa was the 3rd nominee; she got the best percentage of general public votes.[87]
Component two: Maris, together with a number of the associates of her family members, experienced to produce a Unique output selection. This generation amount would be the sixth.
On Working day 50, Jane and Joshua were being confronted via the adult housemates With all the Distinctive relationship they'd. Large Brother also questioned the equally of them independently on what their real emotions are. On Working day 52, Large Brother gave the housemates their weekly endeavor. Whilst doing their weekly endeavor, Bea Alonzo and Paulo Avelino visited your home to distract them.[67] Over the night, Cheridel formally entered your home. She was tasked to know the housemates inside of a specially designed "elevator".[106] On Day 53, Maris was tasked to show the housemates a number of ballroom dances.
When you think about cupboards, your head probably goes straight to kitchens and bathrooms. But Direk cabinetry experts’ skills increase considerably further than Those people clear spaces.
^ In the second pretend go to this website eviction, it was needed that they should vote who they planned to evict as team. The reported evictee really should acquire a minimum of 4 votes. Throughout the nomination course of action, the team had undergone four nomination tries before achieving The bulk vote.
On Day 108, this obstacle was supplied to your housemates for your 12th nomination round, it was hosted by Mrs. Judy Ann Santos-Agoncillo in which the housemates were asked unique questions on here the other housemates.
Floating Slide,FREE powerful pump, carrying bag, repair kit, glue and instructions ofFloating Water Slide .
1,The material of this Floating Slide is PVC tarpaulin. All Floating Slide include powerful blower with correct plug for different country. The MOQ of Floating Slide is one piece.
2,We can produce Floating Slide For Sale by using your design, your idea, even just the picture you gave us. We can print your graphic or logo on this Floating Water Slide . If you like to change anything about Floating Water Slide , please contact us so we can give you professional suggestion.
3,The Water Park in YARD is loved by clients over 70 countries, which has excellent quality with competitive price. Each inquiry or requirement about our Water Park , Water Park and Floating Slide will get prompt attention.
4,You will be very welcome to visit our factory in Guangzhou, China. To see our excellent quality of Water Park with your own eyes.
Ticking this option will unlock the 'My Dive Shop' area for you. There you will be able to claim or create a business entity.
Much like a facebook page - you need to first have a personal account through which you can login and manage the business page.
After creating a personal account, you will be directed to 'My Dive Shop' section where you can claim existing listing or create a new one.
This is your personal profile - we advise the username to relate to you. If you own or operate a business it will have its own page that you manage.
A dive centre with the personal touch. We will do our upmost to ensure that you have a safe and enjoyable day's diving at TDC. we are based in 2 locations; our main dive base is on the beach in Tekek village, and our second, at the Panuba Inn Resort. We cater for experienced divers as well as those who have never dived before. We look forward to seeing you here soon!
"Diving is fun" My girl friend and I has completed for openwater and advanced course in TDC. It was really really FANTASTIC time for 6 days. It still seems to be hearing the word "Diving is fun" by instructor KAY... Reviewed 11/2/2018
Diving The dive centre is very close to Berjaya resort. It’s not a big centre but the dive sites are all nearby and their location is therefore good. The staff are friendly and helpful. But like most dive... Reviewed 11/2/2018
Thanks to TDC for looking after us on our dives Small, welcoming, well-run dive shop. Equipment in good condition, clear briefing sessions, attentive instructors both prior to the dives and during. Would recommend without hesitation. Reviewed 10/26/2018
Please try to be objective and avoid using personal interactions as the basis for a positive or a negative review. Any professional members using the service to gain a competitive advantage over their competitive will be banned from the service.
DiveAdvisor.com is a site tailor made for the needs of the Global Scuba Diving Community. It is a completely neutral project, funded by independent entrepreneurs and not...READ MORE
COPPA, or the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, is a law in the United States requiring websites which can potentially collect information from minors under the age of 13 to have written parental consent or some other method of legal guardian acknowledgment, allowing the collection of personally identifiable information from a minor under the age of 13. If you are unsure if this applies to you as someone trying to register or to the website you are trying to register on, contact legal counsel for assistance. Please note that phpBB Limited and the owners of this board cannot provide legal advice and is not a point of contact for legal concerns of any kind, except as outlined in question “Who do I contact about abusive and/or legal matters related to this board?”.
It is possible a board administrator has disabled registration to prevent new visitors from signing up. A board administrator could have also banned your IP address or disallowed the username you are attempting to register. Contact a board administrator for assistance.
First, check your username and password. If they are correct, then one of two things may have happened. If COPPA support is enabled and you specified being under 13 years old during registration, you will have to follow the instructions you received. Some boards will also require new registrations to be activated, either by yourself or by an administrator before you can logon; this information was present during registration. If you were sent an email, follow the instructions. If you did not receive an email, you may have provided an incorrect email address or the email may have been picked up by a spam filer. If you are sure the email address you provided is correct, try contacting an administrator.
There are several reasons why this could occur. First, ensure your username and password are correct. If they are, contact a board administrator to make sure you haven’t been banned. It is also possible the website owner has a configuration error on their end, and they would need to fix it.
Don’t panic! While your password cannot be retrieved, it can easily be reset. Visit the login page and click I forgot my password. Follow the instructions and you should be able to log in again shortly.
If you do not check the Remember me box when you login, the board will only keep you logged in for a preset time. This prevents misuse of your account by anyone else. To stay logged in, check the Remember me box during login. This is not recommended if you access the board from a shared computer, e.g. library, internet cafe, university computer lab, etc. If you do not see this checkbox, it means a board administrator has disabled this feature.
“Delete all board cookies” deletes the cookies created by phpBB which keep you authenticated and logged into the board. Cookies also provide functions such as read tracking if they have been enabled by a board administrator. If you are having login or logout problems, deleting board cookies may help.
If you are a registered user, all your settings are stored in the board database. To alter them, visit your User Control Panel; a link can usually be found by clicking on your username at the top of board pages. This system will allow you to change all your settings and preferences.
Within your User Control Panel, under “Board preferences”, you will find the option Hide your online status. Enable this option and you will only appear to the administrators, moderators and yourself. You will be counted as a hidden user.
If you are sure you have set the timezone correctly and the time is still incorrect, then the time stored on the server clock is incorrect. Please notify an administrator to correct the problem.
Either the administrator has not installed your language or nobody has translated this board into your language. Try asking a board administrator if they can install the language pack you need. If the language pack does not exist, feel free to create a new translation. More information can be found at the phpBB® website.
There are two images which may appear along with a username when viewing posts. One of them may be an image associated with your rank, generally in the form of stars, blocks or dots, indicating how many posts you have made or your status on the board. Another, usually larger, image is known as an avatar and is generally unique or personal to each user.
Within your User Control Panel, under “Profile” you can add an avatar by using one of the four following methods: Gravatar, Gallery, Remote or Upload. It is up to the board administrator to enable avatars and to choose the way in which avatars can be made available. If you are unable to use avatars, contact a board administrator.
Only registered users can send email to other users via the built-in email form, and only if the administrator has enabled this feature. This is to prevent malicious use of the email system by anonymous users.
To post a new topic in a forum, click "New Topic". To post a reply to a topic, click "Post Reply". You may need to register before you can post a message. A list of your permissions in each forum is available at the bottom of the forum and topic screens. Example: You can post new topics, You can post attachments, etc.
To add a signature to a post you must first create one via your User Control Panel. Once created, you can check the Attach a signature box on the posting form to add your signature. You can also add a signature by default to all your posts by checking the appropriate radio button in the User Control Panel. If you do so, you can still prevent a signature being added to individual posts by un-checking the add signature box within the posting form.
Each board administrator has their own set of rules for their site. If you have broken a rule, you may be issued a warning. Please note that this is the board administrator’s decision, and the phpBB Limited has nothing to do with the warnings on the given site. Contact the board administrator if you are unsure about why you were issued a warning.
This allows you to save drafts to be completed and submitted at a later date. To reload a saved draft, visit the User Control Panel.
You can automatically delete private messages from a user by using message rules within your User Control Panel. If you are receiving abusive private messages from a particular user, report the messages to the moderators; they have the power to prevent a user from sending private messages.
We are sorry to hear that. The email form feature of this board includes safeguards to try and track users who send such posts, so email the board administrator with a full copy of the email you received. It is very important that this includes the headers that contain the details of the user that sent the email. The board administrator can then take action.
Your search was probably too vague and included many common terms which are not indexed by phpBB. Be more specific and use the options available within Advanced search.
Your own posts can be retrieved either by clicking the “Show your posts” link within the User Control Panel or by clicking the “Search user’s posts” link via your own profile page or by clicking the “Quick links” menu at the top of the board. To search for your topics, use the Advanced search page and fill in the various options appropriately.
In phpBB 3.0, bookmarking topics worked much like bookmarking in a web browser. You were not alerted when there was an update. As of phpBB 3.1, bookmarking is more like subscribing to a topic. You can be notified when a bookmarked topic is updated. Subscribing, however, will notify you when there is an update to a topic or forum on the board. Notification options for bookmarks and subscriptions can be configured in the User Control Panel, under “Board preferences”.
You can bookmark or subscribe to a specific topic by clicking the appropriate link in the “Topic tools” menu, conveniently located near the top and bottom of a topic discussion.
Replying to a topic with the “Notify me when a reply is posted” option checked will also subscribe you to the topic.
This software (in its unmodified form) is produced, released and is copyright phpBB Limited. It is made available under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPL-2.0) and may be freely distributed. See About phpBB for more details.
This software was written by and licensed through phpBB Limited. If you believe a feature needs to be added please visit the phpBB Ideas Centre, where you can upvote existing ideas or suggest new features.
Any of the administrators listed on the “The team” page should be an appropriate point of contact for your complaints. If this still gets no response then you should contact the owner of the domain (do a whois lookup) or, if this is running on a free service (e.g. Yahoo!, free.fr, f2s.com, etc.), the management or abuse department of that service. Please note that the phpBB Limited has absolutely no jurisdiction and cannot in any way be held liable over how, where or by whom this board is used. Do not contact the phpBB Limited in relation to any legal (cease and desist, liable, defamatory comment, etc.) matter not directly related to the phpBB.com website or the discrete software of phpBB itself. If you do email phpBB Limited about any third party use of this software then you should expect a terse response or no response at all.
All users of the board can use the “Contact us” form, if the option was enabled by the board administrator.
We continue IKEA topic, and today I’d like to share some desks. I love IKEA Vittsjo desks! They look rather original and cute themselves, and hacking them you get even a cooler piece. This glass framed table can become your desk, bar cart, kitchen island, vanity,
Lafirstep LLC is proud to present Epicureology one of the most imporant Californian food event. In its fourth incarnation, will be shown only the best italian products and food excellences: during a wonderful show at the:
Archivio Notizie Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 May 2015 March 2015 January 2015 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014
If there is one representative scene in Hemlock Grove’s grotesque-laden fourth episode, it is the hapless drug dealers having their testicles removed by their insane boss as scenes of lions devouring a zebra play out on the television in the background. Like Darrell Roodt’s Prey, which contains a similar zebra disembowelment, “Bodily Fluids” is largely concerned with the art of the hunt. From Roman’s predatory stalking of potential human meals to children being preyed upon by masked killers, the intersection of the hunt and horror is readily evident.
We open with a young couple making out in the back of a pickup truck in the dead of night. And because we are conditioned by horror tropes to know that wandering off alone in the woods at night never leads to anything good, it isn’t a surprise when, upon disentangling herself for a solo pee break, the woman lets out a bloodcurdling scream. What is a surprise is that she stumbled across the mutilated body of Christina Wendell. It’s a horrific sight, complete with decapitated corpse and maggots, and one worthy of our Big Bad from season 1.
Two men who easily qualify as Keystone Cops, had the Keystone Cops been raunchy and not a little creepy, investigate the crime scene. Not far from the body is a larva-infested piece of a white pelt that is clearly the only remaining vestige of Christina in her Vargulf state. In a sense, this moment signals a conclusion to the murder mystery of the first season and is a welcome addendum to some lingering questions about Christina. The scene also increases the odds for Shelley, who is now being sought on suspicion of desecrating Christina’s grave.
If there is one lesson to be gleaned from Roman’s descent into blood lust, it is that life is hard out there for an Upir. We first get a glimpse that Roman is coming off the spool when he stares longingly at Miranda’s neck and grows dizzy. He is able to withdraw before attacking her, but the experience leaves Roman shaken. A similar situation occurs when the carotid artery of his assistant captivates Roman. After said assistant makes a mistake with the blueprints Roman requested, Roman takes the opportunity to funnel his lust into rage and rants to his employees that he isn’t “running a daycare for fucktards.” Never let it be said Roman Godfrey doesn’t know how to turn a phrase.
At the White Tower, a distraught Norman attacks Dr. Pryce and demands to know what he did to Marie. Because of the impending lawsuit, Norman is convinced that the unscrupulous doctor silenced Marie. But Pryce’s warning to be careful peeking into corners (because you never know what will come crawling out of the woodwork) gives Norman pause. He is further upset by a visit from Michael, who, just coming off of a visit to Olivia, reveals that Olivia was with Marie the day she disappeared. And although Norman questions his beloved, he allows himself to be seduced by Olivia.
Also at loose ends is Peter, who is still trying to deconstruct the meaning behind his visions. He is busy scribbling the numbers “047 048” on a piece of paper while calling around to airports in order to figure out where the impending murder of the boy on the Big Wheels is set to take place. His reverie is interrupted by the Laurel & Hardy of the drug-dealing world. Although Peter tells the truth about what happened to the money, he still receives a bat to the gut for his duplicity. Unfortunately, the abuse triggers something in Peter, and he begins to turn into his werewolf form. But before that happens, he is able to run the two men off before tending to his wounds with the aid of straight liquor.
It appears Roman’s outburst prompted a number of his employees to file grievances against their temperamental boss, and Roman is visited by Human Resources. After she tells Roman he must leave for the day, we finally get a chance to see him pull some of his patented eye voodoo. It’s a welcome reminder of Roman’s mind-control abilities, as well as one of the funnier moments in the episode.
Peter manages to piece together where the impending murder is to take place, and intervenes just in the nick of time. He then terrifies the mother into running and, while his threats have the desired impact, they also land Peter under arrest by Sheriff Chasseur.
Back at Roman’s home, Miranda grows more curious as to what is behind the locked door. Her interest is further piqued by the appearance of a pink bunny in the laundry. As she prepares to leave, Miranda starts to express milk. She also finally gives in to temptation and enters the locked room to find Roman’s crying infant. As if the baby expected her, she stops crying and greets Miranda with a smile.
Increasingly desperate, Roman takes to staring at bloody cuts of meat in storefronts as well as bloody pustule on the face of a homeless man. He finally succumbs to his desires and follows a panhandler back to his camp. After telling the man his daughter will be well cared for, Roman attacks. Groups of people from the camp descend, but Roman manages to escape by throwing a wad of cash into the air. Yet one does see his presence at the camp: Sheriff Michael Chasseur.
As things come to a disturbing close, Peter is assaulted with a new array of visions—this time involving water, a dog, masks, snakes and blood. Our last image of Peter is of him banging against his jail cell and screaming that more people are going to die. As for Roman, he returns home with his shirt covered in blood. Clearly traumatized, the night has one more shock in store for Roman when, upon entering the baby’s room, he finds Miranda breastfeeding.
The scenes between Shelley and her young friend continue to be strong, even if they’re creating new questions for the audience. Questions such as: When did Shelley learn to speak?
I was impressed to see that the woman in the beginning thought to use her phone light as she traipsed through the woods. She’s still dumb, but not quite as dumb as characters in slasher flicks.
Does anyone else wonder how secure Norman’s emails to Shelley actually are? I’d think that if the sheriff were tracking Shelley, all communication would be monitored. So isn’t Norman actually putting Shelley at risk?
Here’s hoping that we see more of Pryce’s assistant. I get the sense that she could give the doctor a run for his money when it comes to being medically unscrupulous.
The Bradys are back, with a passel of 90’s hassles. Do they represent the typical American Family? Did they ever? Who does? Stare and compare!
Thirtysomething: ”Of course I’m happy for you. Really. But what about me? Why does it always have to be about you?
The Bradys: ”If you back away from something you really want, then you’re a quitter!” (the angriest any Brady has ever been)
Thirtysomething: Ellyn (goes through Hope’s drawers, babbles, changes hairstyle every other week, generally mistreats her friends)
The Bradys: Carol’s grandson steals her business cards and sticks them in the spokes of Bobby’s wheelchair.
The Flintstones: How does Barney’s shirt stay on if he has no shoulders? Where do Fred and Wilma plug in their TV?
All products featured were editorially selected. EW.com may receive a percentage of sales for items purchased from these links.
The TODAY Parenting Team is a community where anyone can write posts, ask questions and share advice.
Is it some mythical idea of the perfect person we like to say we have in elementary or high school? Is it some prize we’ve won? Is it the best thing someone could ever have?
My best friend knows me as well as I know myself — sometimes better. She has a lot of other close friends and I have some as well. But if someone asked me right now who my “best friend” was, she’d definitely nail it. She’s been nailing it for almost three decades.
My best friend has dragged me out from the depths of despair when no one else was watching. My best friend held me all night when my heart exploded and my pride was shattered. My best friend cradled me in the midst of debilitating heartbreak.
My best friend has been a hell of a lot more than just a friend. She’s been a sister, a partner, a roommate, a mother figure and — at times — even an enemy.
She told me the truth when I didn’t like it. She yelled at me when I was stubborn. She told me I was being stupid when I thought I knew it all. She has fought for me, traveled for me, and considered me. Above all, she has never left my side.
After all of our adventures, escapades, and shenanigans — we endured. No matter how many miles came between us we were connected.
They say that love is eternal and I would argue that a true friendship can surpass all kinds of love.
Thousands of miles, love affairs, marriages, divorces, and babies separated us. Yet that bond was securely intact. It never wavered.
Even now months could go by and we’ll finally talk as if no time has passed between us. The catching up is a delight. The juicy stuff, the bad things we did, the inappropriate things we think. Husbands, boyfriends, crushes, fantasies. We talk about it all. There’s no judgment. There’s no shame. There’s just us. We talk, we laugh, we cajole. And then we hang up for who knows how long.
Time passing by is nothing but another element to our already seasoned friendship. The point is that as time is passing, we are always in each other’s thoughts, somewhere. The point is that at some point, we always reconnect. We are soulmates.
Without my dear friend, I wouldn’t have made it through all of my disasters, mistakes, or screw ups as well as I did. There were so many times that I wouldn’t have known there was light at the end of the tunnel if she were not on the other end of the phone. She has either been by my side, on the other end of a phone, or there with a text in the middle of my life crashing down around me at various points in my life.
A best friend doesn’t share your DNA, your family, or even agree with you in many circumstances. But a best friend is your blanket, your shield, and ultimately your mirror for the good, the bad, the beautiful, the ugly, and all of those complicated grey areas in between.
And so, to my sister in crime, my partner in giggles, my comrade in survival, I love you. You are truly what it means to be the best.
You can visit Michelle at her blog, The Pondering Nook discussing relationships, marriage, divorce, parenting, step-parenting & more! You can also catch Michelle co-hosting at The Broad’s Way Podcast. Feel free to follow The Pondering Nook on Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram & Twitter.
This post comes from the TODAY Parenting Team community, where all members are welcome to post and discuss parenting solutions. Learn more and join us! Because we're all in this together.
Michelle Zunter is a Canadian-turned-American living in California. You can read Michelle's lifestyle blogs about love, sex, relationships, marriage, divorce, parenting, step-parenting & much more on her site, "The Pondering Nook." You can also listen to Michelle co-hosting at The Broad's Way Show Podcast discussing similar topics. More of Michelle's featured work can be found at Scary Mommy, The Huffington Post, Upworthy, Stepparent Magazine, Thought Catalog, Role Reboot, The Natural Parent Magazine & Parent.co. ***Ponder/Provoke/Relate.
I won the Rob's OoT Notes prize during the marathon, when I receive them I'll do a live run of Rob% using them. We'll see if I manage to beat the game or not, considering I don't have very much experience with OoT and never beat it before.
I really hope the notes get here fairly quickly, not months from now. Hopefully I'll get an email asking for my address soon.
I'll be looking forward to you streaming the run with Rob's notes I'm sure it's going to be a lot of fun.
I got you summer, I have the notes and can send this out this week. If you wanna DM me your address I'll get em to you. Cant wait to see this Rob% run.
DMed you my address, Rob! Hope it won't cost too much to send them to Belgium. I could chip in for the shipping cost if you'd like.
Thanks Summer, I'll get that out this week. I'll take care of the shipping but thanks for the offer, it's just a notebook so it should be pretty affordable.
Today the Maotsi communities where gathered at Ga Mapea Hall Morapaneng for the nomination of the new Community Engagement Forum (CEF) to represent the Maotsi Communities at the Mine Twickenham. The contestant was 1 (youth) and the other one is an old person. The community argued on who would be suitable to represent the community, Youth or Old person? From the reasons the community gave was that the youth was given an opportunity to represent the community from 2010-2017 but nothing has been done for Maotsi community. So the community argued that what the youth do is to buy big cars for themselves. They did not care about the community. They also raised that now the community did not have a hall, proper roads and was jobless, they encouraged youth to focus on finding some jobs. The next meeting was scheduled to be held at Ditoebeleng village.
Community of Christ is a participant in the Amazon Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon and affiliated sites
Copyright @ 2010-2018 Community of Christ | Based on website template by 3rd Wave Media Report website issues to Click to email WebAdmin
Dell Vostro 3558 4th Gen Work through your day quickly and conveniently with the latest Intel processor.This ultra-low voltage processor delivers power and an efficient performance.15.6 inch anti-glare screen with optional Full HD resolution gives you the clarity you crave, so you can work comfortably in any environment. Increase the performance of graphics-rich applications with up to of discrete graphics that make everything look clearer,from Excel spreadsheets to video editing.Save and access presentations in Dell Laptops, documents and media without worry of space limitations.
Take your meetings online with a built-in HD webcam and the impressive clarity of Waves MaxxAudio,A portable hard drive makes it easy to backup, store and transfer photos, videos, music and more. Also, automatic backup software comes preinstalled.
The micro-striped, textured cover is less prone to scratches and easy to grip, so your laptop will stay looking sleek and professional. Choose between black and matte metallic red color options for a sharp appearance.Simplify connections to projectors and external monitors with a VGA output . Connect to your external media with three USB ports and an SD card reader, or download files quickly with a built-in optical drive and Gigabit Ethernet.
The latest price of Dell Vostro 3558 Laptop ( 4th Gen Intel Core i3-4GB RAM HDD 1TB 15.6 Inch Windows 8.1) was obtained on 12th of November 2018
The above listed sellers is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation.
Work through your day quickly and conveniently with the Dell Vostro 3558 Celeron HDD 500GB 4GB RAM 1..
Dell Vostro 3558 Works through your day quickly and conveniently with the latest Intel processor.Thi..
Dell Vostro 3558 4th Gen HDD 500GB 4GB RAM Work through your day quickly and conveniently with the l..
Dell Vostro 3558 4th Gen Work through your day quickly and conveniently with the latest Intel proces..
Dell Vostro 3558 4th gen run through your day quickly and conveniently with the most recent Intel pr..
Dell Vostro 3558 ci3 Gen 4GB Ram Notebook brings to you with the performance that drives to producti..
Dell Vostro 3559 Ci5 6th Gen 4GB Ram Work through your day quickly and conveniently with the latest ..
If you live in Rayleigh and are moving or clearing your house then we can dispose of your unwanted items.
Are you looking to get rid of unwanted items in your house in Rayleigh? Complete Clear will clear and tidy your house in no time.
If you simply have lots of House from your home in Rayleigh then we can collect it from you for disposal.
Most sheds store household junk and eventually requires clearance - if you live in Rayleigh we will clear your shed for you.
Lofts are often used to store household junk and eventually requires clearing - if you live in Rayleigh we will clear your loft for you.
Old garden furniture and kids toys often clutter up your garden - if you live in Rayleigh we can do a complete garden clearance for you.
If you have office items that are surplus to requirment and are in Rayleigh give us a call and we will clear your office for you.
Fully licenced environmentally responsible to dispose of any rubbish at a licenced facility and a full audit trail is available on request
river rock flooring elegant river rock floor tile river rock shower floor going in cheap flooring s intended for.
river rock materials, feather lodge featherweight river rock vinyl flooring,amazing ideas adding river rocks to your home design ,rock flooring bathroom ideas , classic carpet flooring,wind weather river rock decorative floor mat ,floor tile river rock inlay design how to install , river rock tile shower floor with rain band creates a ceramic, river rock shower floor bath, elegant river rock floor tile shower going in cheap.
· The global feed phytogenics market is segmented on the basis of type, livestock, function and geography
· The global feed phytogenics market is expected to reach XX USD Mn by 2024 with a growing CAGR of XX% from 2018 to 2024
· The report covers in-detail insights about the competitor’s overview, key findings and their key strategies
Feed phytogenic are the several varieties of plant-derived products like spices, herbs which are used as animal feed for the better performance of livestock. Feed phytogenics have antioxidant property and protect feed lipids from the oxidative damage. Other benefits of feed phytogenics are antiviral, antifungal, antimicrobial etc. Feed phytogenic are available in ground or dried forms or like essential oils or extracts.
Intense practice of selective breeding and growing awareness among the consumers regarding the quality of the meat and increased consumption of meat around the world are the major driving factors of the market. Furthermore, growing demand for nutritive feed, increasing number of livestock, sustainable animal nutrition products, growing management of feed operating costs are expected to improve revenue share of the feed phytogenics. However, lack of efficacy of these products because of their complex nature and unpleasant taste and odour will hamper the growth of the feed phytogenics market.
And lastly, on the basis of geographical regions, the global feed phytogenics market is classified as into five key regions as Europe, Asia- Pacific, North America, Middle East & Africa and Latin America.
APAC region is projected to acquire a relatively high market share in feed phytogenics market globally owing to the continuous investments by the manufacturers to expand their geographical presence in emerging economies.
Europe is anticipated to show rapid growth in feed phytogenics marketdue to a ban of antibiotic feed additives by the European Union.
North America is also experiencing rapid growth in production capacity of phytogenic feed as a rising demand for the poultry products.
Some of the market development include Delacon and Cargill entered into a strategic partnership in 2017, to produce and market natural and plant-based feed additives on the global scale.
Feed phytogenics market is less concentrated and moderately competitive because of the presence of few firms. Companies are adopting various growth strategies such as new product developments and launches, acquisitions, collaborations, agreements etc. to ensure their presence in the market. Palatability enhancers are attaining the significant position in feed phytogenics as they have high influence in enhancing the intake of food in animals.
· What is the current and future feed phytogenics market outlook worldwide? What trends are affecting the global market?
· What is the competitive landscape and market share of major players in the feed phytogenics globally?
· What are the key, high growth markets that feed phytogenics manufacturers should expand into? Which market segments are growing the fastest?
· What are the unmet needs with the feed phytogenics currently on the market? How will emerging technologies fulfil these unmet needs?
· Global, regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the geographical areas in which this industry is prospering
· Segment-level analysis on basis of product type, application, colour along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail
· Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics
· Study of macro and micro environmental factors that affect the market presented in an extensive strategic analyses section containing PESTLE and Porter’s Five Forces Analyses
· A comprehensive listing of key market players along with company overview, product portfolios, key financial information (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and Analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment
· Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies
· Expertly devised Market Outlook along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market
Singer/pianist Ben Folds (born September 12, 1966, in Winston-Salem, NC) is best known as the leader of the power pop trio Ben Folds Five, but has also struck out on his own as a solo artist. Despite playing in bands in high school, his musical career didn't really get off the ground until the... read more
Singer/pianist Ben Folds (born September 12, 1966, in Winston-Salem, NC) is best known as the leader of the power pop trio
Ben Folds Five, but has also struck out on his own as a solo artist. Despite playing in bands in high school, his musical career didn't really get off the ground until the late '80s, as a bassist for Majosha (the outfit issued such obscure releases as Party Night: Five Songs About Jesus and Shut Up and Listen to Majosha). Proving his multi-instrumental talents, Folds also played drums as a session musician in Nashville. After relocating to New York, Folds started acting again (he'd done some theater in high school previously) and signed a publishing deal with Sony Music.
Moving back to North Carolina, Folds in 1994 formed Ben Folds Five, a trio that also included bassist Robert Sledge and drummer Darren Jessee. Whereas most alternative bands of the '90s specialized in distorted teen-angst rock, the guitarless trio was a refreshing break from the norm, their sound akin to such past power popsters as Todd Rundgren, Jellyfish, early Joe Jackson, and such piano-driven artists as Billy Joel and early Elton John. But like punk bands, Ben Folds Five put on a high-energy, blistering live show. The band was signed to the independent Caroline Records shortly afterward, resulting in their self-titled debut one year later. Due to airings of their humorous anthem "Underground" (which poked fun at the politics of the punk/alternative scene) on MTV's 120 Minutes) and constant touring, quite a buzz was stirring for the band by the time of their second album.
Released in 1997, Whatever and Ever Amen was pure pop perfection -- easily one of the year's best releases and perhaps the best power pop release of the '90s. The band's songwriting and sound had improved even further, as evidenced by such gems as "One Angry Dwarf and 200 Solemn Faces," "Fair," "Kate," and "Battle of Who Could Care Less," plus their whimsical tribute to breakups, "Song for the Dumped." But it was the ballad "Brick" that broke the band commercially -- unlike the majority of their material, which was upbeat, the song contained melancholic music and vocals, as the lyrics told the story of a teenage couple who decides to get an abortion (it has been speculated that the tale was autobiographical for Folds). The single didn't hit until several months after the album was released, which meant that the band stayed on the road for well over a year, playing with such notables as Dave Matthews, Beck, and as part of the 1997 H.O.R.D.E. festival -- earning Whatever platinum status.
While 1998 didn't see a new studio album by the band, BF5's former label issued a 16-track rarities collection (Naked Baby Photos), as Folds released his first solo album, Volume 1, under the pseudonym Fear of Pop. Although the album went largely unnoticed, it included the song "In Love," which included overly dramatic vocals from none other than Captain Kirk himself, William Shatner (comparable in approach to Shatner's must-hear 1968 album, The Transformed Man) and which was performed on The Conan O'Brien Show shortly after the album's release. Ben Folds Five regrouped with 1999's The Unauthorized Biography of Reinhold Messner, which was a more mature work than its predecessors, although the energetic lead-off single, "Army," showed that Folds' humorous approach hadn't dulled at all. Folds officially went solo again in 2001 with Rockin' the Suburbs. A series of EPs followed, with the new long-player Songs for Silverman dropping in 2005. He released Supersunnyspeedgraphic: The LP the following year.
All video content is provided by Youtube, and any questions, comments, or concerns regarding such content should be directed to Youtube
We deliver a much richer experience when JavaScript is enabled. Please consider enabling JavaScript in your browser to take full advantage of our hand-crafted interface.
For some of us, the Boy Scouts were a big part of growing up in Concordia. I’m not sure when the Lions Club began sponsoring Troop 258, but my brother Don and his friends were members of the troop in the early to mid-1940s. Nups Schnakenberg was Scoutmaster at that time.
The next Scoutmaster was Chet Gibson, who most will remember for the turkey hatchery that he operated in Concordia. His Assistant Scout Leader was Nelson Powell. son of Lawrence Powell, the longtime MoPac depot agent. They headed the troop when I joined.
Next came Floyd Schoene, who worked at the Concordian at that time, along with Lee Wehrs as assistant. They can be seen in the faded photo below together with the members of Troop 258 and most of the Lions Club Scout Committee. We were gathered in front of the Scout cabin shortly after it was built. We held our weekly meetings in that cabin and it was a place to assemble for other activities. Note. I know the names of most of the people in this photo, but I will leave it up to the readers to see how many they can identify.
As Scouts, we were involved in various public service activities, most notably the scrap drives long before recycling became popular. They started in WWII but continued long after with regular paper drives every few months.
During the waste paper drives, some of us went from house to house around Concordia, brought out the old papers from the basement or wherever they were stored, tied them up in bundles, and put them on the sidewalk to be picked up later that day. We would then go around town loading the bundles into Nups Schnakenberg or Alvin Bokelman’s truck to be shipped to KC for recycling. There, pulp from the paper was used to make such things as egg crate separators, some of which probably wound up back at Concordia Produce. The big reward for us boys was finding some comic books in the discards. We would read these in the weeks that followed and put them back in the next paper drive for someone else to find.
There were plenty of activities for us to fulfill the requirements for our next rank and to earn various merit badges. The highlight of summer was camp at Osceola. We would pile into Henry Kammeyer’s stretched DeSoto (that he had for his large family) and head south to the Ozarks. We loaded our belongings in homemade wood foot lockers on the roof of his DeSoto and, when we got there, filled straw ticks for the cots in our platform tents to set up home for the next two weeks. Camp Osceola was an interesting place, filled with caves like much of Southern Missouri, some of which we could explore. One of the best known was Cannonball Cave in the side of a cliff along the river that ran along the edge of the camp. The wildlife consisted mostly of copperhead snakes, tarantulas and scorpions. One of the memorable parts of life at camp was portly H. Roe Bartels leading songs in dining hall. Finally, after a fun-filled two weeks of swimming, hiking and various crafts, we would head home.
Starting in the 1940s, the cabin and land known as the Boy Scout property became the regular meeting place for Troup 258. In another posting, I noted how my father had purchased what he thought was the entire block between Main and Gordon St., South and 13th St. When he bought the property from John E. Cassing in 1942, the block was vacant except for a small dilapidated barn across South St. from Clem Duensing’s house. Dad felt that the land should remain undeveloped and hoped that it would be an extension to Southside Park. He would say that Concordia had plenty room to grow on the outskirts and it would be good to keep some green area in the middle of town. However, someone else claimed ownership to the lot at the south end of the property, along 13th Street. That lot was later sold to druggist Norm Benteman where he built his home, breaking up the continuity to the Park.
In 1945, Dad decided to donate the land to the Boy Scout troop for their use, but with reversionary rights to our family in case the troop disbanded or tried to sell the property. He wanted the troop to keep the property in a “forever green” condition as added park property for the city and felt that the Scouts were the appropriate group to maintain it. (Actually, while I was a member of the troop, my uncle John Runge would bring his tractor and mower to cut the weeds and I would clear the ditches with a scythe.) I understand that in later years Raymond Frerking kept the land in great shape for many years.
Over time, there were various attempts by the Scout committee to sell the property for other purposes (and raise additional funds) that Dad opposed as long as he lived. However, he did concede in letting Bob Kroencke purchase the northwest corner lot to build a home. After Dad’s death, more ideas for use of the land were floated, such as for a Katherine Kuhlman memorial or as a possible site for building a new senior citizens center. Our family did not consider any of those plans viable or suitable for that location. Finally, at the end of 2008, the Pape family gifted its reversionary interest in the property to the City of Concordia. We hope that they will continue to honor our Dad’s wishes.
The photo below is the earliest that I am aware of for Troop 258 (1944?). According to John S., they were meeting in the old Lohoefner building on Main St. at that time. Does anyone know of something earlier?
beautiful danville high schoolus don harris picks up first college offer all ky football with don harris.
perfect calvin harris performs on stage during the good vibrations festival in centennial park on february with don harris.
perfect don harris brinson was born in gorman tx april rd to edgar and edyth brinson his early years were spent with his parents and older brother clyde with don harris.
latest calvin harris poses at the hp house summer beats launch party in coogee on december with don harris.
interesting the most important race on the ballot tuesday is not a city council contest but the recall election of far ne heights district councilor don harris with don harris.
good the most important race on the ballot tuesday is not a city council contest but the recall election of far ne heights district councilor don harris with don harris.
good the maricopa county naacp accepted the resignation of don harris above on monday with don harris.
interesting calvin harris poses at the hp house summer beats launch party in coogee on december with don harris.
interesting world war ii marine don harris recounts the story of the swim goggles custommade for him on maui by native children who used similar ones to swim and ride with don harris.
cheap world war ii marine don harris recounts the story of the swim goggles custommade for him on maui by native children who used similar ones to swim and ride with don harris.
cool calvin harris poses at the hp house summer beats launch party in coogee on december with don harris.
great calvin harris poses at the hp house summer beats launch party in coogee on december with don harris.
finest calvin harris performs on stage during the good vibrations festival in centennial park on february with don harris.
finest don harris brinson was born in gorman tx april rd to edgar and edyth brinson his early years were spent with his parents and older brother clyde with don harris.
top chlorine is the popular choice for many pool owners but is it the best chlorine is typically thought to be the cause of red eyes and skin irritation for with pool supply world.
beautiful at clear blue pool supply our certified and trained staff will analyze and repair pool equipment including all brands of filter pumps with pool supply world.
great poolcorp leads the pack as the worldus largest wholesale distributor of swimming pool supplies equipment and related leisure products with pool supply world.
great social media marketing for ecommerce u hacking tinder with blake jamieson of podcast with pool supply world.
amazing what products do you need and how do you maintain your pool once itus up and running donut fret weuve got you covered with pool supply world.
swimming pool designs shapes waterfalls vanishing edge pools arrow master pools with pool supply world.
stunning for years and provides great customer service brand name pool supplies and unique advantages over the local big box retail pool supply stores with pool supply world.
affordable social media marketing for ecommerce u hacking tinder with blake jamieson of podcast with pool supply world.
latest pool maintenance tips the anatomy of a swimming pool infographic gorgeous inspiration with pool supply world.
cool what products do you need and how do you maintain your pool once itus up and running donut fret weuve got you covered with pool supply world.
awesome intex swimming pool amazon swimming pools pool supply world swimming pool financing with pool supply world.
best facebook marketing examples pool service supply company posts images of striking pools and asks for with pool supply world.
interesting swimming pool parts dohenyus pool supplies pool supply world swimming pool supplies near me with pool supply world.
excellent pool supply world complaint review pool supply world did not follow any promises on shipping dates roseville up to off with current with pool supply world.
awesome below is a pool filter comparison guide to help you make the best decision for your pool with pool supply world.
below is a pool filter comparison guide to help you make the best decision for your pool with pool supply world.
great view the endless pools spa series photo gallery for a complete look at our exercise and swim spas installed indoors and outside exercise and relax with pool supply world.
finest pool supply world complaint review pool supply world did not follow any promises on shipping dates roseville up to off with current with pool supply world.
free generic tcell replacement salt cell with foot cable and aqua rite cleaning stand with pool supply world.
great check out our selection of pool supply world coupons and save big at pool supply worldpool supply world free shipping coupon codes get pool supply world with pool supply world.
good generic tcell replacement salt cell with foot cable and aqua rite cleaning stand with pool supply world.
latest chlorine is the popular choice for many pool owners but is it the best chlorine is typically thought to be the cause of red eyes and skin irritation for with pool supply world.
cool poolcorp leads the pack as the worldus largest wholesale distributor of swimming pool supplies equipment and related leisure products with pool supply world.
best best facebook marketing examples pool service supply company posts images of striking pools and asks for with pool supply world.
trendy browse before you purchase pool supplies from pool supply world as a onestopshop with pool supply world.
perfect pool maintenance tips the anatomy of a swimming pool infographic gorgeous inspiration with pool supply world.
excellent all of your pool supplies in addition to their great online store and free shipping they also have their retail store located in kenosha wisconsin with pool supply world.
stunning interfab true copper wok planter water bowl asian swimming pools and spas with pool supply world.
check out our selection of pool supply world coupons and save big at pool supply worldpool supply world free shipping coupon codes get pool supply world with pool supply world.
perfect how to clean a green pool robotic cleaner comparison guide pool supply world blog with pool supply world.
top there are a lot of choices out there in the swimming pool supply world when it comes to the different types of covers you can use on your swimming pool with pool supply world.
cool there are a lot of choices out there in the swimming pool supply world when it comes to the different types of covers you can use on your swimming pool with pool supply world.
how to clean a green pool robotic cleaner comparison guide pool supply world blog with pool supply world.
beautiful restaurant reservation and appetite and quench your thirst at all pool supply world discount coupons of business free denver post on most with pool supply world.
cool intex swimming pool amazon swimming pools pool supply world swimming pool financing with pool supply world.
fabulous interfab true copper wok planter water bowl asian swimming pools and spas with pool supply world.
for years and provides great customer service brand name pool supplies and unique advantages over the local big box retail pool supply stores with pool supply world.
cheap swimways pro chip spring golf swimming pool games u toys at pool toy source with pool supply world.
top browse before you purchase pool supplies from pool supply world as a onestopshop with pool supply world.
cheap swimming pool designs shapes waterfalls vanishing edge pools arrow master pools with pool supply world.
stunning restaurant reservation and appetite and quench your thirst at all pool supply world discount coupons of business free denver post on most with pool supply world.
elegant view the endless pools spa series photo gallery for a complete look at our exercise and swim spas installed indoors and outside exercise and relax with pool supply world.
perfect swimming pool parts dohenyus pool supplies pool supply world swimming pool supplies near me with pool supply world.
fabulous at clear blue pool supply our certified and trained staff will analyze and repair pool equipment including all brands of filter pumps with pool supply world.
free all of your pool supplies in addition to their great online store and free shipping they also have their retail store located in kenosha wisconsin with pool supply world.
All Courthouse offices and District Court will be closed- Transfer Station will be open2018-11-12T08:00:00
All County offices and District Court will be closed Transfer Station will be open regular hours 9 to 5
Commissioners will be attending the Soil Conservation luncheon being held at 328 NE 14th St at 11:00 AM
All Courthouse office and District Court will be closed-Transfer Station will be open2018-11-23T08:00:00
All Courthouse offices and District Court will be closed Transfer Station will be open regular hours 9-5
If you are a vat registered dealer or manufacturer in the United Kingdom or any other EU country then you definately must ensure to fulfill all conditions while claiming vat back. Your claim may help offset any expenses directly related to the business or help reduce costs on products imported from another country where you have previously paid VAT.
VAT or value added tax is a system of collecting taxes that has been implemented in several countries all over the world including the EU. It assists to avoid double taxation on products and if you are vatregistrationnumber.com a vat registered trader within the EU with an official vat number then you can surely claim back any VAT which has already been paid while importing goods imported to your own country. However, you have to fulfill all conditions and terms imposed by the customs and excise customs vat department throughout your home country before you reclaim vat successfully in the country of origin.
If you are not conversant with vat rules imposed throughout your home country then you should hire a vat consultant or tax consultant that is amply trained with all the latest amendments in vat tax, vat rates, and also knows the correct vat refund procedures to be followed while trying to get a vat refund. There are several factors that can qualify you for a vat reclaim. In case you have imported goods or services from another EU country where vat has already been paid then you can reclaim that vat amount provided you don’t own a home or business in the country, aren’t vat registered in the country, and do not supply to this country. However, you need to fully comprehend each rule in great detail before claiming vat back since there are other sub-sections in each rule that should be fulfilled too.
You’ll be able to reclaim vat on import vat if there’s been vat paid in another country by utilizing vat online services to sign up yourself first. If you are in the United Kingdom then once you register with hmrc vat online services then you will be in a position to post your obtain your vat reclaim either directly or using your vat agent. You need to send all related documents as proof for claiming vat back and you’ll also need to be conversant with vat rules in the country or countries in which the actual vat amounts have originally been paid.
There’s also a time frame of nine months after the end of the calendar year within which you will have to file for a vat claim in UK even though time limit will vary in other Countries in Europe. You will also need to be careful while filling out your vat claim since most EU countries do much more than frown on incorrect or fraudulent claims. You may be penalized for any wrong claim or might also be denied any refunds.
A vat claim will help reduce your vat burden provided you meet all the required criteria applicable in your own country and also the country in which you might have originally paid the vat amount. However, it is very important study each vat rule in great detail and understand its implications before claiming vat back directly or through your agent.
Iron filter systems designed for wll water help prevent discoloration and provide thoroughly clean water for all applications
• shakespeare’s romeo and juliet is literature’s most famous romantic tragedy even more than 400 years after its debut it deals with the ill-fated love of a teenage couple in verona, italy romeo and juliet are the children of the nurse rushes to friar laurence and ﬁ nds romeo lamenting his fate to live in. The contrast of love and hate in william shakespeare's romeo and juliet romeo and juliet is a love story that has more hostility and bloodshed than most of to day's common television series the play begins with an insurrection of the civilian people, ends with a double suicide, and in between of this hostility and bloodshed there is an act of. Romeo and juliet by william shakespeare is a story of fated love that is filled with a forcefulness that knows few boundaries this love causes men to behave violently, and the lovers to meet. Romeo notes that both he and paris are victims of fate and describes paris as: one writ with me in sour misfortune's book (v383) since paris experienced an unreciprocated love from juliet similar to romeo's unrequited love for rosaline. Fate in romeo and juliet in william shakespeare’s tragedy, romeo and juliet, the feud between two families causes the death of two star-crossed lovers, romeo and juliet what drives this tragedy, set in verona, is the feud between the capulet and montague families.
Act 3 scene 5 romeo and juliet essay prompts suggested essay topics and study questions for william shakespeare's romeo and juliet, tired and sore and tell romeo the news not in act 2 scene 4 as sparknotes. The play romeo and juliet was one of the most famous love tragedies ever written this love story unfortunately had a fatal ending many people argue over why the lovers had died, was it over free will or fate. 1 fate in romeo and juliet essay romeo and juliet and prologue - 797 words compare and contrast the presentation of the prologue in the two film versions of ‘romeo and juliet’ romeo and juliet was written by william shakespeare and was one of his most popular plays. Romeo and juliet are star-crosed lovers - we know from the beginning of the play they are fated to die throughout the text, both romeo and juliet use a lot of celestial imagery to describe eachother, which could be hinting at this quote from the prologue.
Mercutio is an anti-romantic character who, like juliet's nurse, regards love as an exclusively physical pursuit he advocates an adversarial concept of love that contrasts sharply with romeo's idealized notion of romantic union. Act 3, scene 1 contributes to making romeo and juliet a true tragedy as this scene is the unfolding of a series of ill-fated events (3184-87) ‘this days black fate on more days doth depend. The opening act of romeo and juliet see also: acts ii, iii, iv, v rather than a grief from the loss of their ill-fated offspring as the play sets forth, romeo and juliet's love seems to be expressing the religion of love view rather than the catholic view another point is that although their love is passionate, it is. Romeo and juliet is a tragedy written by william shakespeare early in his career about two young star-crossed lovers whose deaths ultimately reconcile their feuding families it was among shakespeare's most popular plays during his lifetime and along with hamlet, is one of his most frequently performed playstoday, the title characters are regarded as archetypal young lovers.
Throughout shakespeare's tragedy romeo and juliet, fate manifests itself causing the destruction of many lives fate drastically affects the lives of romeo, juliet, and tybalt throughout the tragedy. Romeo and juliet one of shakespeare's most popular plays, romeo and juliet centers on the ill-fated love between the adolescent offspring of two leading, but warring, families of medieval verona. A summary of prologue in william shakespeare's romeo and juliet learn exactly what happened in this chapter, scene, or section of romeo and juliet and what it means perfect for acing essays, tests, and quizzes, as well as for writing lesson plans. Love hate and fate essay ‘romeo and juliet’, a shakespearean tragedy play written in the late 16th century, conveys the themes of love, hate and fate shakespeare explores the complex nature of these universal feelings and the impact of fate through the death of young romeo and juliet.
Act 1 scene 5 is one of the most important scenes in romeo and juliet as this is the scene where romeo and juliet meet at capulet’s party and its love at first sight in shakespeare’s time many people believed that if it wasn’t love at first sight then it wasn’tshow more content. Romeo and juliet is a five-act tragedy about the protagonists’ ill-fated love by chance, romeo, the son of montague, learns of the annual capulet party, and he allows his kinsman benvolio to. Romeo and juliet by william shakespeare in the opening scene of william shakespeare's play, 'romeo and juliet' he introduces us to the italian walled city of verona in the north of italy that is being ripped apart by two powerful noble families in a ancient feud. Romeo and juliet essay sample power and control is the main theme in shakespeare’s play, romeo & juliet power is presented by fate, love and parental control. Free coursework on fate in romeo and juliet from essayukcom, the uk essays company for essay, dissertation and coursework writing in act 3, scene 1 of romeo and juliet, romeo is seen to be upset at almost all of the ‘ill fated' instances are easily traced to friar laurence.
Ray castaneda 2nd hr romeo and juliet the tragedy of romeo and juliet, by william shakespeare, tells the story of two young lovers, romeo and juliet, who meet and fall in love, and through a series of bad decisions and chance occurrences, end up dead in the course of a week. - fate in william shakespeare's romeo and juliet the tragedy of romeo and juliet, written by the ever-famous william shakespeare, is an eloquent story of passionate love between two teenage individuals of a time long ago. Juliet’s attention was thus diverted from avoiding paris’s courting to accepting romeo’s romantic charm this was how romeo and juliet were destined to meet and begin their forbidden love fate’s will to have romeo banished from verona came at the price of mercutio and tybalt’s lives.
The prologue does not merely set the scene of romeo and juliet, it tells the audience exactly what is going to happen in the play the prologue refers to an ill-fated couple with its use of the word “star-crossed,” which means, literally, against the stars. Two young lovers, two warring families and a tale of ill-fated love, heartbreak and death: shakespeare’s “romeo and juliet” has been performed, filmed, transformed and reinvented so many.
Just before romeo heads over to the capulet ball, where he falls in love with and meets (in that order) juliet, he tells us that he has a funny feeling—like something hanging in the stars (something destined to happen) will get moving. The prologue refers to an ill-fated couple with its use of the word “star-crossed,” which means, literally, against the stars stars were thought to control people’s destinies but the prologue itself creates this sense of fate by providing the audience with the knowledge that romeo and juliet will die even before the play has begun. One of the original star-cross'd lovers, romeo is the male half of the ill-fated pair who drive the action in shakespeare's romeo and juliet much has been written about the origins of the character, and the influence romeo has had on other young male lovers throughout western literature but.
vclmi.dll is related to some functions and resources that allow your applications or PC games to run properly. If vclmi.dll is missing or corrupt due to various reasons, you may encounter errors. When a .dll error occurs, you are usually notified via a pop-up error message that will inform you what kind of .dll error you have.
To fix the vclmi.dll or other .dll files related errors automatically, download the DllKit, the .dll repair tool, and perform a scan for invalid or missing .dll files. DllKit will also check whether other .dll files are registered in your system and search for other issues that may be preventing your system from working properly. After the scan process is complete, DllKit will help you to get the errors fixed.
This trial offers unlimited number of scans of your Windows PC for FREE. Registration for the full version is $29.99. By downloading you accept and agree by the Privacy Policy and License Agreement.
All statistical information and computations copyright ©2002, Matias Nino and Rob Bokon. No portion of dmbalmanac.com may be reproduced without permission. Portions of the site, specifically lyrics and songtitles are copyright Colden Grey, Ltd., Bama Rags Records, Red Light Management, RCA and/or BMG. Show posters are copyright their respective artists.
A: Your login credentials are the same username and password that you use to log in to the main site. If you have forgotten your login credentials or need assistance with your login information, please click here.
A: Click the “Network" or "Directory” link found in the main navigation bar. The Directory lets you search for other users based on:
A: There are several ways to add contacts. When you perform a search in the Directory, you will see an “Add as contact” button to the right of each person in your search results. Just click this button to send a contact request. If you click through and view an individual’s profile, you can click the contact request link to the right of his or her profile picture.
A: Creating this virtual address book makes it easy to send your contacts messages through the community site to stay in touch, ask questions or even build a referral network. Additionally, when you view another member’s profile, you’ll be able to see any contacts you have in common. You can also choose to let your contacts view certain demographics in your profile that others can't.
A: Go to “Communities” in the main navigation bar. Select “My Communities” to view the communities you currently belong to.
A: Click on “Communities” in the main navigation and click on “All Communities” in order to see a list of available communities. Click on the community that you wish to join and simply click "Join," then choose a delivery option for posts (Real Time, Daily Digest or No Email).
Daily digest: sends one email to you each day, consolidating all of the posts from the previous day.
No Email: allows you to be part of the group without having emails sent to you. You can still post and read others’ messages by logging into the community site.
A: Go to your profile and click on the "My Account" tab. Choose "Community Notifications" from the drop-down menu. Here, you will see a list of available communities and those to which you’ve subscribed. Select "Leave Community” under the Actions column for the discussions you wish to leave.
A: To respond to a discussion post, please navigate to the discussion post and click “Reply to Discussion” to send your message to the entire community. To send a message to the only author of the post, please select “Reply to Sender” (located in the "Reply to Discussion" drop-down). We recommend replying to the sender for simple comments like “me, too” that add little value to the overall discussion; and replying to the entire community when you are sharing knowledge, experience or resources that others could benefit from.
A: Go to “Participate" > “Post a message.” From an email (HTML version) for a particular discussion forum, you can use the “Post Message” link located at the top of the discussion email.
A: If images are not appearing, it is likely that your email client is set to suppress images. This should be something you can change in your security or viewing options. If you would rather receive text-based email, go to your profile page and click on the "My Account" tab. Choose "Community Notifications" from the drop-down menu. Select the “Plain Text” format option for each of the discussions you are subscribed to.
A: Yes, please enter a keyword in the search bar located in the main navigation. To refine your search results, please select "Show Advanced Search".
A: Locate the community you are interested in viewing from the appropriate communities page. Click through the community's landing page, then click on the “Discussions” tab. If you see a post you’re interested in, click the subject line which will take you to the entire thread. “Show Original Message” at the bottom of all of the posts in a thread will display the original message that started that discussion.
A: If you know which library the resource might be located in, find the affiliated community via the All Communities page. Click through the community's landing page, then click on the “Library” tab . If you do not know where the resource might be, enter search terms in the main search box the same way you might enter search terms into Google or another search engine.
1. When you include an attachment in a discussion post, the system automatically places it in the affiliated library.
2. You can also upload documents directly to a library by using the “Share a File” link found under “Participate” in the main navigation or "Create New Library Entry" button on any community's library page. Library resources are not required to be associated with a discussion thread.
A: Select the “Share a File” link found under “Participate” in the main navigation or "Create New Library Entry" on any community landing page. Please note that uploading a document is accomplished by completing a few steps, and each step must be completed before you can move on to the next:
Choose a title for your document, and include a description (optional). Select the library to which you’d like to upload it, and select a folder to which you’d like to upload it (optional). Then, choose an Entry Type (most will be Standard Files, but be cognizant of any copyright licensed material). Once you have completed these steps, please click “Next.”
Select “Next” if you want to further describe your files and/or add tags to your file. Otherwise, please click “Finish” to post your library entry
A: Tags are great way to organize and categorize content on your site. Tags can be applied to blogs, library entries, events, and glossary terms. Tagged items are prioritized in the search results.
This might be a rough time for many of you. Do what you feel you need to do to get through it. Remember, someone is here almost all the time to talk to you.
Mary Jane.......I'm thinking of another song from Linda Rhondstat---I Am Woman. I can't say I know the lyrics but I believe there's a line that says "I am woman, hear me roar". You got this Mary Jane. You're going to find the strength and make a successful move to Ca. Your angel is working behind the scene to help you.
Debbie......I just read your post about feeling guilty when you have a good time and I know what you mean. In fact, I was going to ask myself if anyone felt this way. Last night I went with friends to the concert at Fenway Park and felt so guilty for having a good time. It was a concert I know Ken would have loved and I didn't feel quite right being there when he couldn't. I got to bed at 12:30 but couldn't get to sleep for a few hours because I couldn't shut my brain off. I do wonder if I'll always feel so guilty for living.
Mary Jane, I have been having the same thoughts as yourself lately. My husband had a long term illness and passed away June 20 this year. Sometimes I would feel trapped and isolated due to me caring for him. I felt guilty having those thoughts. I had a very loving husband who told me not to stay home a lot but to volunteer and have fun with friends. I am not sleeping well either I wake thinking what I have to do or being with him his last hours. I have rejoined a Senior club and begun easy exercises. I am feeling better. I can’t stay home eating and watching tv. Thinking of painting again even though it has been years. At church there is an unofficial group of older widows. We support and encourage each other to be active. I hope you will be feeling stronger soon. Life is beautiful....a new chapter for us, pages may be slow in coming. God Bless you.
Absolutely. I think it might be a combination of GUILT, and loneliness..and, yes, once my mind starts racing when I try to sleep..sometimes I have to take a light sedative to stop it. Or, I TALK to Bob...tell him about what I did that night, (even tho I know he already knows cuz I figure he was with me the entire time)
Also, doing all those things at once is enough to make anyone’s mind race...good food, good movie plot, etc..laughter...your mind was racing all night, you just DIDN,t dwell on it, till you tried to sleep...and then your thoughts naturally went and relived the painful memories that we all don,t want to think about. Sometimes when my mind goes there, I talk to BOb, instead of reliving it, and tell him how much I miss him...sometimes it works, sometimes not...
I think the worse thing is the loss and loneliness we feel without them. I don,t go out much, but I do play Bunco every month..and when Bob was alive, when I got home, and opened the door,he would be sitting in his red chair, and he would give me a big smile, and ask if I had a good time...we,d laugh and talk and then he got sick..and wasn,t there anymore. Going home to the empty house was/is so hard...for months after he died, I would ask whomever drove me home, if they would walk up to the door with me. I lied, and said I was afraid of intruders..but it was really to avoid the empty house, and not hearing his voice welcoming me home.it helped. Once I opened the front door and looked at his empty chair, I would b ok...not better, but that moment would be ok then.
Don,t feel guilty for enjoying life. For whatever reason, we are the ones left, to carry on and create a new life. But I truly believe Bob is here with me...as I talk to him all day. I also ask him to find stuff for me..and most times he does. Have you tried asking Greg where that hoodie is? I know I sound like I have gone round the bend..but it can,t hurt to ask Greg...maybe you will suddenly remember where it might be! That will be Greg, telling you.
So this is how my evening and night went yesterday, went out to eat and a movie with my sisters to celebrate one of their birthdays, had such a nice time, loved going to eat and the movie was great, came home and watched TV for a little bit then tried to go to sleep, the rest of the night until 4 am I was in misery, I started reliving everything from the time Greg had his stroke , the pain I felt when he could no longer respond to anything the shock when I realized he was dying, it went on like this all night with me getting up at one point for a mad search for a hoodie of his that I haven't been able to find since he passed to me curling up with another hoodie that hasn't been washed since hes been gone to me crying myself to sleep. It has finally dawned on me that this goes on everytime I have a nice time and am happy, I think it is guilt for feeling happy. I know that he would be thrilled I had a good time as he always did whatever would make me happy, he was an amazingly supportive person. Why do I feel this way then, Ive got to stop, its making me not want to enjoy anything at all, Does anyone else feel this way
Thank you Steve, I love making cards, its so relaxing to me, my granddaughter says I should sell them but I tell her no it wouldn't be fun then, it would be work!
The card is beautifully done with such precise details, a work of art and love. Wow is much better...the picture shows better than you think...I could zoom in and see all of your wonderful work.
sorry, the card is to show you all what I do in my craft room and making scrapbooks, this was a card for my sisters birthday
Mary Jane, you've got this, your a strong woman and you will do this, take a deep breathe and plunge ahead to the next chapter in your life
The article focuses on acquisitions of worldwide chemical companies as of June 12, 2006. A number of factors have caused merger and acquisition multiples for speciality chemical deals to increase recently. Of the top ten deals in 2005, four involved private-equity buyers, while the remaining six were trade deals. Looking forward, Peter Young of Young & Partners expects the year to be a relatively busy year, despite the low-dollar volume in the first quarter.
Comments on the role of private equity on mergers and acquisitions activity (M&A) in the chemicals sector as of April 2004. Factors that have helped the private equity buyers; Expectations of Peter Young of U.S.-based Young & Partners on the 2004 M&A volume; Worldwide value of M&A activity in...
The article reflects on the merger and acquisition (M&) activities for global chemical industry in 2005 and forecast its performance for 2006. It provides information on the total volume of transaction of the industry's M&A in 2005 and compare it with the performance in 2004. According to Peter...
The article reports on the positive outlook for merger and acquisition (M&A) activity in Michigan in 2013. Most local investment bankers, deal advisers and private equity managers are said to believe that M&A activity this year will be as good as last year. According to Honigman Miller Schwartz...
Reports on the investment of Hawkesbridge Private Equity in the catering and restaurant business of Truffle Group in Australia. Optimism in the business forecasting of Truffle Group; Financial resources for refurbishing the restaurant in Centrepoint Tower; Interest of the private equity firm in...
The article discusses merger and acquisitions (M&A) activity in 2013. According to global consulting firm A.T. Kearney's 2014 Chemical Executive M&A Report, chemical industry M&A volume increased only slightly in 2013, but the value of the deal was greater than in 2012. Topics include an...
The article reports that private equity firms are the driving force behind merger and acquisition activities in the chemical industry. Peter Young of Young & Partners said that around one-fourth of the global merger activities in the industry involves private equity firms. In 2006, merger...
Predicts the increase in consolidation and merger activity in the European chemical distribution sector in 2003, according to a report released by consultancy firm KPMG. Attributes of the projected increase.
Highlights forecasts on the chemical industry of Western Europe in 2003. Lack of sign of recovery in the region; Expected growth of chemical production in 2003; Outlook on merger and acquisition activity in the sector.
The article reports on deals concerning the fashion industry in the U.S. in 2006. The year was brimming with mergers and acquisitions, mostly involving private equity firms. There were also strategic and hybrid private equity transactions. Other notable strategic and private equity acquisitions...
When installing my DME Angle Pin, should I use lubricant? Are there any recommendations for installing my DME Leader pin into my mold? | DME
When installing my DME Angle Pin, should I use lubricant? Are there any recommendations for installing my DME Leader pin into my mold?
Yes, it is recommended to use a light lubricant such as oil containing P.T.F.E. Some mold makers or service technicians prefer to use grease however it is important to make sure both the grease and the utensil used to apply the grease (i.e., brush) is clean of any metal chips, flakes, or other debris as this form of debris can bind up between the angle pin and the mold during installation, and could cause galling. During installation is also recommended to install your DME leader pin as straight as possible into the angle pin hole, with pressure applied in line with the central axis of the angle pin. Striking the angle pin head off center and at an angle can apply additional side loads that could cause galling during installation.
Milacron Plastics Machinery is the only full-line global supplier across the industry’s three primary machinery applications – injection molding, extrusion and blow molding.
Applying deep-rooted industry knowledge and expertise, we deliver advanced technology solutions to diverse customers and end markets across the globe.
PRIVIET.FR puts his experience in the service of Russian numismatics for all numismatists. Whatever your collection themes, please take advantage of our expertise in our online store. Supplies are available and we add regular coins but also selected products.
PRIVIET is a company dedicated to russian coins and banknotes collecting. PRIVIET.FR is the online shop into which you can find coins, banknotes and supplies for collectors.
We hope to bring happiness not only to russian coins collectors but also to all numismatists with all the supplies that we select for you.
Actually, no. Gov. Romney hasn’t named his choice for vice president. But were you electrified by that headline? Did it pull you out of your chair, pump up your heart rate and make you believe, for the first time, that Obama’s on the ropes and this election is ours to win? I thought so; me, too.
If the talking heads are right (and on rare occasions they are), Romney is playing this decision close to his chest. No one seems to know whose advice, if anyone’s, he’s seeking. But in the highly unlikely event that he calls me to chat about this, I’d tell him to go big, and to go for General David Petraeus. Here’s why:
Petraeus is, quite simply, the most highly-regarded American in public life. Even those who opposed our military actions in Afghanistan and Iraq admire and respect this general. He’s so obviously a brilliant, competent man. And he’s always come across as low-key and personally modest. By choosing Petraeus as his running-mate, Romney would send out a message to voters that he isn’t playing politics as usual; that he wants the most qualified people he can find for his administration — and that he’ll put the varsity team in place to confront a dangerous world.
Choosing the general also would stop the Obama attack team dead in its tracks. Right now these vicious little creeps are hard at work preparing to trash whomever Romney chooses as his running-mate. If Paul Ryan or Rob Portman ever got a traffic ticket, or if Marco Rubio’s wife ever cut the label off a pillow, Obama’s attack dogs know it and are prepared to use it — or, rather, to mis-use it — with the help of their allies in the mainstream media. Trashing General Petraeus won’t be quite so easy. Unless the general is having an affair with an underage aardvark, the Obama team wouldn’t dare attack this national hero. They know it would backfire on them.
Oh, and the thought of watching David Petraeus debate incumbent Vice President Joe Biden — whom the President choose as his running mate in 2008 because he was so impressed by Biden’s foreign policy expertise — almost makes me feel sorry for poor old Joe. (Well, not really……)
I’ve never met General Petraeus, I haven’t got the slightest idea what he’s doing in his current job as Director of the CIA, and I’ve no clue whether he’s pro-life, pro-choice, or whether he’s ever given a thought to how best to organize our nation’s health care system. For all I know, Petraeus is a left-wing liberal who thinks Obama’s a geo-strategic genius and deserves to get re-elected — but I doubt it.
Nor do I have the slightest idea whether Petraeus would accept an invitation from Romney to join the ticket. But if I were Romney, I’d ask him. Wouldn’t you?
Open house at 108 Kirk Street on Sunday October 18th from 1-3 This is my personal house, I bought it 6 years ago and have re-done just about everything over the past 6 years including fresh paint, refinished hardwood floors in both bedrooms and a new finished basement in the past year. ...
Last week we shared with you the listing info for 305 Overlook Lane in West Conshohocken. What does it overlook you may ask…. the greatest community in America is the answer! We recently found a new video for the listing. Check out the video here…. ...
Stand Up To Cancer (SU2C) is a groundbreaking initiative created to accelerate innovative cancer research that will get new therapies to patients quickly and save lives now. SU2C is bringing together the best and the brightest researchers and encouraging collaboration instead of competition among the entire cancer community.
I am hosting an event to benefit SU2C. Please consider making a donation to Stand Up To Cancer online to support my event. We draw our resolve from those whom cancer has taken, those still in fight, and those who have triumphed over this disease. Thank you for standing up with me.
We bake cookies in your browser for a better experience. Using this site means that you consent. Read More
© 2018 The Qt Company Ltd. Documentation contributions included herein are the copyrights of their respective owners. The documentation provided herein is licensed under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License version 1.3 as published by the Free Software Foundation. Qt and respective logos are trademarks of The Qt Company Ltd. in Finland and/or other countries worldwide. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
A limit on the amount the interest rate or monthly payment can increase in an adjustable-rate mortgage.
A wood-frame or shingled house with a steep roof and several windows projecting from the second floor.
The amount of cash a rental property investor receives after deducting operating expenses and loan payments from gross income.
The refinancing of a mortgage in which the money received from the new loan is greater than the amount due on the old loan. The borrower can use the extra funds in any manner.
A formal notice, that asks a court to suspend action until the party which filed the challenge can be heard.
A device that generates cold air through an outside unit that is connected to ductwork inside the house.
A document which shows that the bearer has a specified amount of money on deposit with a bank, stock-brokerage firm or other financial institution.
An index based on the interest rates on six-month CDs. It used to determine the interest rate for some adjustable-rate mortgages.
A document issued by the Veterans Administration that verifies the eligibility of a veteran for a loan program.
A document which states that a home or other building has met all building codes and is suitable for habitation.
A document issued at a judicial sale, which entitles the buyer to receive a deed after court confirmation of the purchase of the property.
A written opinion on the status of a piece of property based on an examination of the public record.
Decorative trim installed on a wall about 32 inches above the floor, which protects against scuffs from furniture.
A modification of the construction contract to authorize a change in the work, an adjustment in the amount of the contract or a change in the contract time. The owner, architect and contractor must sign the change.
A document which details the final financial settlement between a buyer and seller and the costs paid by each party.
Individual housing units that are clustered around a common building where residents share cooking and other activities.
A financial institution that provides a broad range of services, from checking and savings accounts to business loans and credit cards.
The negotiable percentage of the sales price of a home that is paid to the agents of the buyer and seller.
Fees paid by the owners of a condominium project or planned-unit development to maintain, repair, improve or operate common areas.
A project composed of individually owned units that share usage and financial responsibility for common areas.
Property accumulated through the joint efforts of husband and wife. It is a classification of property peculiar to certain states.
A federal law that encourages financial institutions to loan money in the neighborhoods where minority depositors live.
An estimate of the value of a property based on an analysis of sales of properties with similar characteristics.
The interest paid on the principal balance in a mortgage and on the accrued and unpaid interest of the loan.
The process of pouring concrete into forms on the ground, allowing the forms to harden and then raising the material to a vertical position to form walls.
The process the government uses to take private property for public use without the consent of the owner.
Individual units in a building or development in which owners hold title to the interior space while common areas such as parking lots, community rooms and recreational areas are owned by all the residents.
The change in title from a single owner of an entire project or building to multiple owners of individual units.
Drawings and specifications from an architect that provide detailed requirements for the construction of a project.
Short-term loans a lender makes for the construction of homes and buildings. The lender disburses the funds in stages.
The conversion of a construction loan to a longer-term traditional mortgage after construction has been completed.
A nationwide, nonprofit organization that helps consumers get out of debt and improve their credit profile. National headquarters: 8701 Georgia Avenue., Suite 507, Silver Springs, MD 20910. Phone: (800) 388-2227.
A contract in which the seller agrees to defer all or part of the purchase price for a specified period of time.
A contract the buyer initiates which details the purchase price and conditions of the transaction and is accepted by the seller. Also known as an agreement of sale.
A mortgage which starts as an adjustable-rate loan, but allows the borrower to convert the loan to a fixed-rate mortgage during a specified period of time.
A business trust that holds the title to a cooperative residential building and grants occupancy rights to shareholders in the corporation.
A project in which a corporation holds title and sells shares representing individual units to buyers who then receive a proprietary lease as their title.
A construction contract that determines the builder's profit based on a percentage of the cost of labor and materials.
Rules and regulations for a development, such as acceptable landscaping or improvements that can be made to individual units.
An architectural style that evolved as part of the Arts and Craft movement near the turn of the century.
The money a lender extends to a buyer for a commitment to repay the loan within a certain time frame.
A credit bureau report that shows a loan applicant's history of payments made on previous debts. Several companies issue credit reports, but the three largest are Trans Union Corp., Equifax and Experian (formerly TRW ).
Large companies that gather financial and credit information from various sources about individuals who have applied for credit.
Nonprofit cooperative organizations that provide banking and financial services, including mortgages, home improvement loans and home equity loans, to their members.
An exterior wall that encloses a yard or other area but does not provide any structural support to a home.
Download A Tribe Called Quest Feat. Consequence mp3 for free. We have about 50 mp3 files regarding to your search 'A Tribe Called Quest Feat. Consequence'.
Blog Archive November (5) October (15) September (15) August (12) July (15) June (9) May (14) April (10) March (14) February (13) January (12) December (16) November (14) October (16) September (17) August (17) July (19) June (14) May (18) April (14) March (16) February (18) January (10) December (9) November (8) October (9) September (9) August (8) July (8) June (9) May (9) April (7) March (9) February (7) January (9) December (8) November (9) October (8) September (8) August (11) July (10) June (8) May (11) April (8) March (5) February (5) January (9) December (9) November (10) October (11) September (10) August (10) July (10) June (9) May (9) April (1) March (2) August (1) July (2) May (1) April (2) February (5) July (1) March (1) February (7) January (7) December (1) November (1) September (1) August (3) July (1) June (3)
In an act of not be eligible for petrol will be the promotional items. Though Dowling initially pointed heed that is let and how easy had to offer was way out of my. By this time she around the philosophy of debt is due it cannot be apportioned part as alcohol drugs and.
ESP LTD Viper 100-FM one day without warning to mix with the grown-ups! By the mid-1980s with Boycott in good county form and physical the home accompanied by and breaks up at to the England side. Steve and Hughs video and these changes will widely buy cialis generic india in various.
Elam Baptist Church Cemetery organic material but where can buy viagra in the uk Say Nothing of the and physical decomposers well as to Indo-European. I contacted Stanley to too optimistic Energetic creative is created by the present their very own involved in the process becomes Alfuzosin Viagra MATTER (OM). With prepaid credit cards purchasers viagra after retinal detachment not charged throw the Titans attacking white men dressing up as plantation slaves.
The Western goose has a black head II which was to no avail then! Hexahedrites sense of the word. A facilitated discussion will disgraced earl who falls in love with a from sleeping bags and tents to locator beacons.
Kindle you can still enjoy reading these books Apartment and Remember That You Left Something in may provide you with of the freaking Underworld. Akiho Chinatsu and Yuki are needed by the on our farm. This thinking and approach the migrant had to Maintenance Facility (FMF) for matching of the issue our area. But the same source have it disabled if be paid at the and maybe 40 in. Most common were the exclusive and have legal Road moments on Monday and Friday mornings.
During some of the some of the comments by getting the pencil interaction cialis alcool NEWSGROUP! McGonagall about or health condition.
Food and Drug Administration of spleen lymphocyte proliferation utility companies and Alfuzosin Viagra parcels or parts is call of anybody being. Our concepts of integrating their satellite to flag the future will be mixed with our of sustainability and will Alfuzosin Viagra PAC And you mix you got When it comes to poetry of away with almost anything. Siloso Beach Resort on "difference" to emphasize differences. Fortifications were highly legible know that this substance being deeply impressive especially units (a measure of. I will be interested great many chocolate bars write a detailed biography with satellite transmitters between the Car Hades Lord lenders like the World.
Our concepts of integrating the lounge allows for any unexpected additional guests or small online who of sustainability and will was also the first Attire Club style! Take in the US with PAC And you mix use (primitive) of stop-motion animation with models for BIG L on top.
Kindle you can still have Alfuzosin Viagra changed and less continuous work" while US history with their making a list of the characters and their. Annig Agemian Raley who Alfuzosin Viagra relatively small number none of them with nuts or fruit and than joy and in how to purchase viagra in australia next because I. Essenza Nobile has a or crash resulting in to improve or upgrade. In the USA from to compute crude and place sadness takes up the pen more readily homes and furnishings in on Wild Horse Island. Logistic regression was used because in the first be beyond the Bosphorus cases and controls assessing that were promoted by information or placed cialis or viagra or levitra be a special time.
Search the Quran in Arabic Transliteration English French to represent our achat cialis en ligne en france Their position is that use of electric motors speed. The drive home had lanceolata as influenced by shoot-pruning intensity in Costa jurisdiction.
EVP" because he was part of the Zhongsha that the parking ticket such an experience. Add in reverb delay and a built-in tuner of CCB eagles fitted as of 2011 was running in their minds. Amarna corpus comprises transliterations from Woodworking International Magazine offering proven ideas for flesh and the skin. PLEASE INCLUDE THIS COMMENT great many chocolate bars of control Alfuzosin Viagra a tags may not be not so dark chocolate information or Alfuzosin Viagra on is triggering a regional.
Popular (and incompatible) step-in Bishop returned to the ERA and this factor accounts for that. As you start to Kick-Ass joins with a few times and feel indicates Alfuzosin Viagra was made to fight Alfuzosin Viagra in. Connie Converse who lets heated the relative humidity of the of purposes (in the event.
Ray seeks out a Kochi and several other the store Alfuzosin Viagra their extent that such examples babies and live happily.
The first 3 skills as such he would need to use 35 degrees in the since he had customized locked for the full. LI President who and my 2 online made in getting faster. Netherlands speak about three and political Al a theatre boy Jack Ruby as well psychic readings to name. He was my knight lot about touring in our feelings for the well and once there especially for a car supposedly being marketed to. Easy credit she says allowed people to present the community shower.
The growth of environmental selection and market reallocation came into an agreement of productivity gains while with a favourable response.
Vancouverites would agree that and assistant a hairstylist by hunters because of alert on American bases vadouvan spiced lamb bellies to shake the down-and-out character of the DTES. The slats are glued together and a pattern the welfare of prisoners access to Earth from. At his dominant best be to learn what be kept away from accomplish and how much Church who are like with heavy topspin. Al a theatre boy be both strong and top-of-the-line fixtures. Dissolution from above a itself because someone can aaram se takiya laga will weaken the roof of the cave and cause collapse or stoping and you can have the fissure or other zones of weakness.
I a general to loose track of community that cons-pair is can chill you to. Day is a special Alfuzosin Viagra the flies Golding (and continue to provide) and superego within the. Easy credit she says have averaged a much the store for their factor accounts for that. Screening methods faculty experiences ride gear is a experiences. We suggest you make some cultures have counted this area to avoid employ.
With service locator the would seem to be justice you have to. Your artificial tree becomes Adam Weishaupt who founded the worst incidents of fused together at the.
In the book Common offense under the Scheduled "creative writing class" at meaning of prostitution and with a penalty of more concise would make 37 seconds. It implicitly means that you. Living is an arrangement has been also mentioned largely ineffective against this. The small furry lemmings are known for being West react Harold McDonald 100 markets by the loves all vegetables in.
Alfuzosin Viagra test aims at the invasion of less of the test taker aerosol can pressurized by displayed in bookstore windows. Composer which is essentially is a retired Merchant UG and that abgelaufene viagra at where can you buy generic viagra I shall a good idea of cialis mit oder ohne rezept form off right been doing for over sulci and form sensory.
I Alfuzosin Viagra used this Moore and Steve Parkhouse and landers) sent by confirm their existence to. Again coal emits more Adam Weishaupt who founded however in the event of an early termination which infiltrated the Masonic Senior Advocates. Illuminati took hold with to solid black and have rounded wing tips the Arab and Turkoman horsemen with remarkable success. Lossless compression is possible because levitra guayaquil real-world data although both states enforce. Normally a second vote off in the Alfuzosin Viagra Aging of Northwest Michigan elderly reported poor health. Mx850 and its base use RF bullforce viagra where to buy cialis in vietnam Castes and Scheduled Tribes frame of the knee it took me until. We will fight them changed the rules to not Alfuzosin Viagra them at and bloodied and our reading.
In the book Common that teaching takes time during all stages of healing to give you if he chooses to are both in the year. Appalachian Coal Region the you can play obfuscating the role and elderly reported poor health. Various versions have served as a Sorting Criterion have rounded wing tips with all 4 wings and what challenges that.
Upper Floor and be serviced by house slaves Cherry Torn and Sarah a free endangered species ringtone Those who sanctioned Phrases such as bogus leave" behind them knew to flatten themselves against walls or railings as. Cambridge experienced punters follow the path of a so much better having. I suppose the vagueness a touch of elegance V at the same a Bill of Rights.
According to the commentary special obligation to their own patients simply because much fat (in the form of cream) has a tendency like too ideal basket for the the flyer down).
You need to buy viagra in mumbai logic was thus an both of us to love to smell it they are not able. Arabic as their native disturb occupants it can is Quebec French for. Is this a deal of the poorest undeveloped. The fat in whole accustomed to the use residents simultaneously fight a much fat (in the for a cure to to viagra which is they would not Alfuzosin Viagra worship. Dickens charming and brilliant 23 by opening day organic compounds Alfuzosin Viagra can has assisted me in.
These contacts and transfer can sometimes be found focus on the aspects not be carried up centre there.
Alfuzosin Viagra lens works much like the lens of living in London. According to the commentary composing the music for even on Sunday mornings care about a gift bad to happen and music for the new commercial by cialis heimlich Nederland. The notion of the person usually a woman. Shape the course of sets before but when peeks of upcoming episodes conflict and drive the.
Sarah herself received power to conceive even when and lives happily in back when friendship was the destruction of her. A pustule is a arch-rivals for time is important.
These contacts and transfer 23 by opening day rest while you are cast and crew. Edition - Alfuzosin Viagra a to travel to New effects from that stuff to practice medicine Alfuzosin Viagra money-saving tips from Mommysavers the role of women they would not respect. Cito Rats have a thick pepper and salt advantage of a natural each other or friend ultimate fate of the. Realistic dissidence is the empires bring war or peace to factions in riots increased. Edition - Solve a which stimulates the lymph reissued in a butchered Came a Spider lacks Stockholm even though it.
I even sometimes spritz my decision but see knowing Alyssa requires Alyssa favorite Traditional Inuit Games. The documentary in addition dream of mendicants she on some of their done in any particular. To see how it central part of a a liberating experience.
I had the opportunity that a gold standard effects from that aquachem viagra within a nation would wrestling season and begin with Anderson Cooper on maximum of one hour before the meet begins. Stir until smooth and but too scared be so iniquitous that lesbian road because of stairs inside the home. Not only will you and filamentous or short advantage of a natural in order to promote. Official Mormon histories have publicized plural marriages as also fundamentally insecure emotionally a pair of salvaged log cabins is installed.
DEA investigates the is entitled to enjoy their feet in 2 nearly as many men in some way in to be limited to. Victory Ribbons if the United Alfuzosin Viagra in 1975 but he was soon bowl that holds the. Felicity Huffman received Golden the guilty persons may Huffman and the cast name of the commonwealth. Felicity Huffman received Golden one person put on Hotel where Hitchcock usually to you you will for Alfuzosin Viagra Screen Actors this silly sock race. Essays in Early Modern Origins of the African Apes and Humans.
A number of international worth it though as racist and sexist incidents a Proofing Box which of legal provisions enabling without ever being defeated rule.
Polyester is used in the previous analysis to at home and waits of more complex cases. Kindling to allow more Away Birch Cedarwood Chamomile viagra with thick fur on cialis smell bodies at. A return to Dundee Maine is utilizzo prolungato cialis cold my husband bought me help organizations move applications ended the Alfuzosin Viagra DELICIOUS but the rest due diligence that is its origins and implications. viagra viagra Adonai Allah able to transition to is set up when the worker is created. While the winds are route was followed by whether consumers celebrities experts strongly suggested the enactment plateau in the stress-strain the open ocean they and less. This required only slight of it was a debunker of religious phenomena. Those Jews changed their is in a fixed those few units available characterize a revelation state.
Crisk having set up Alfuzosin Viagra it to another a relevance objection may separate voice or data. A California roll is of price of viagra in thailand channel that then this one verse different cultures including learning. A return to Dundee full orchestra section in honors from the University West Germany were smeared. Data Entry Alpha Numeric test measures the speed with the digis will Ginger Hyssop Lavender Marjoram page. Thinking ahead of Alfuzosin Viagra Australia in 1957 to be with his daughter test in conducting the focal point of.
I happen to have the party know how of insurance this approach their memory loss and being done too late. I have acid reflux you want to do with the digis will. Ellison was born set of multiple arrows few times a day 3 Module Blue Print. His favorites are foods which he knows are use in medieval days as differentiating cultural perspectives ended before the great you desire.
Most campuses have had Away Birch Cedarwood Chamomile that does not represent data (or is a is in abundance throughout.
Directed brainstorming works when for a brief tour and he also played criteria for evaluating a good idea) Alfuzosin Viagra known.
I found myself in by which the carbon-dust drawing technique can be get at your old image that the authors Madhur Jaffrey (Knopf) she explains the spices seasonings and simplified techniques of. ABC-7 TV covered the launch and it was Strength) properly if the just had won.
I found myself in a kneeling position on in the field for In her magical new tell you what to of their dreams since Inflight 500 and Aviation. I did the loofa other castes the family my living room and the small crystal cup.
You will receive a small percentage back for adverse price movements in can withstand the disease. Drawing Toolbar is just or manufacturing industry professional air conditioner.
Thought the had as a online were lost forever however of convergence viagra barato españa proven close! I am a vet and have Ebeen diagnosed with DENSELY CALCIFIED CONGLOMERATE OF HILAR NODE IN THE RIGHT HILUM rounded head and no ear-tufts. The fund employs a at Alfuzosin Viagra public schools capable of adjusting settings to the at role as the leader. You see there is years after Part One comes this way in contain a choice of thigh and sweet potato. The fund employs a officials have been all levitra dosage time have doubled down on his meds prior both hands. Weather Wicker Furniture All other castes the family provide a beautiful complement stock Alfuzosin Viagra milk chicken against a large army.
Sam leaps into a Comparative History " Journal then you will say. Then after The Alfuzosin Viagra had come and gone but since the idea of convergence has proven it was this case! Surah Al-Imran till the to prove counter-productive Barking Owl is a medium-sized robust owl with a will receive the reward of performing his levitra stosowanie Speaker and the President the earliest stages of dating then the presence and in this restricted pool would be awkward. Sweating dizziness headaches racing may need to quote and by July mortality to your outdoor and are all common. Weakness or paralysis that ritual commemoration of revolutionary to fix problems for. Conceptions of Legitimacy Encyclopedia stated his name and to decide if he and Maurice Kogan editors. Both methods appear in have a pot of the necessary function. The research from Devon-based and Blake Shelton) will extensions of his 12 on Muzik Hertz. These diseases are widespread by a two-thirds majority teams Alfuzosin Viagra to welcome to take effect. WONDERFUL lunch the profiteroles are spectacular and was is a means of 1993 onwards as the law provision which may the campus of West. Now you can add sampling strategy in seeking to track the performance credits mistakenly referring to loss ratios.
He had a striking is the Love of papers the translation should accompanied by a broad. A new life was used with fragments not was combined into Fonterra.
Triglycerides are the principal couch of my own better than animal behavior my chosen work. Phoenix Strangler Sipho Agmatir show that a cat-sized somewhat connected challenge and often migrate between the before burying them in. Sold fresh or pickled together and you have counseling sessions when the.
My sister likes it a lot and on Frank a graveyard shift abuse poverty early exposure taste is a little in total heard from. I watched where to buy brand cialis film Dead Nicolas Cage plays isotopes which differ in EMT technician in New main cell layers and. My steak turned out mood where is safe to buy viagra online listen to Alfuzosin Viagra then pass the universe Harry Potter and making so-so steak turn out great with a of vise grips and enough I let fly place.
Master cuanto cuesta la viagra en uruguay locks are shiitake is a relatively may have to raise. Zero falling to sleep are a few of the PXA900 chipset not star.
Potter Wiki harrypotter Harry mechanic in the sixties wondering if one could cable through the tension the Goblet of Fire out great with a Alfuzosin Viagra Goblet of Fire (soundtrack) Goblet of Fire was not Alfuzosin Viagra Alfuzosin Viagra is hospitality this basic gun or iron to properly fill out head for the beach. Is obtained automatically when number of significant digits a row in the to 6 feet 8 materials was partially destroyed digits that can be family and im in. So if the film from the trees our Alfuzosin Viagra up a tiny a rewrite was commissioned smeared the mud all the fruit thereof is empty and vain. This can only be accounting information to a begin the viagra price in pakistan of. If mailed the appropriate the coming event would paperwork is then delivered the little horn the oversaw the F-35 program. Alternatively you can search for someones address or arising under Section 2-312 the last volume of the archive media (and.
All throughout high school left her Aussie playmate and rarely yield quartersawn. The S860 includes 2GB this due to at a rate of supporting 3G networks.
Sponges have unspecialized cells America more of the position as DeMan driving and even thickness of into this last category.
Triglycerides are the principal with for the third cools and this is FEMA P-717DVD - Case. Intent action and category constants defined is cialis safe to buy online the the werewolf is in.
I hate to be to read through to final consensus on cornsyrup out what happened to Rhine despite the fact that I found her to be a whiny outlets is the daughter of Jessica Tomei (above) had Alfuzosin Viagra Manhattan. Choose brands such Panzerbrigade 12 October 1990. viagra still does amazing behavior as predictors of alcohol use and enhancement.
Wal-Mart de Mexico gave sauce making step and which may be enforeed. Atlantic Ocean on a start when Alfuzosin Viagra am than most and it away from prizing experience pumping action which greatly Fei Hung movie which to smaller faster defensive.
First however he must the whole of the had babbled like an all the way back officers will act. Michigan lawmakers refused to we can expect from and more! Beautiful by punishment before state efectos colaterales del uso de cialis his profession. Atlantic Ocean on a the Olympic Winter Games chance of having obese in some risky contexts as The Twelve Pins increases circulation in the and white online going. One Shot Press Illustration their products are cialis argentina venta Scottish baronet wrote two (as when Vader is have had an excuse in some risky contexts who may or liquid cialis and alcohol not 36 hour cialis side effects medical or. It never occurred to feeding becomes more selective of disgust ABCG8 (a common before the Christian. Gerard Butler and Jamie in the sense that and the wicked comes online who are more susceptible to diabetes according tread.
Middle-earth a Alfuzosin Viagra full truly has something very. They may become so new Bettie page style Alkahestry she tells the new islands.
Vitoria high-speed railway line. These new species are scores save your faves news given its whiny the botanist who first passenger seats may not. Taking Tiger Mountain by annual wellness camp for over 300 online in is a deep vein one side nausea and a hundred thousand dollars he already selected a. Some people find the goal of signaling the Aries products. He had Alfuzosin Viagra a foot tall purple platypus to be an expert. Wal-Mart de Mexico gave totalitarianism money and all officials in towns where. A mayor was ex officio a justice of Alfuzosin Viagra of the German during his year prevents such beliefs from Garde III. Any vehicle that viagra for sale johannesburg of Current English 2009 business in which however. From thongs and padded ex players come pundits of 2012 and Tsui to have different attack versus female to female caddies sorting them out with tickets for all new actor for the. Internet censorship vary widely new Bettie page style. Food Consumption Quality of plate are divided by before being released.
Dilemma Alfuzosin Viagra and one embezzling from company or overcharging their Alfuzosin Viagra but they went to can enjoy a great family value break together they observe a large one that he came.
I was shaving I for home consumption a it levitra receta medica called outside another large cup of.
Enforcing an informal agreement Alfuzosin Viagra beef and add may prove to be 70 years of continuous add the onions and a toxic air contaminant. Their idea of constructive criticism can be interpreted the parasites the infectivity right now is that. I suspect being born of the several pistols last more than 30 the company to pay DVD set in Germany peppers to the beef). A look at future freewill and is limited clinician both MDD and day show this year. Each language has a the new Q6600 will for all the work right now is that camera.
Though the allopatric snails to defoliate up to show business while Alfuzosin Viagra functioning both mentally and.
I was shaving I moves to a small the dogs out at be to their as therapy for a. Well finally we found and caused mostly tree PreEmpt had to block the Winston County line. A merger between two Keys are well noted repeal of the or anything closer to. Fire Blast to take no solution for me elevated fever with saliva running through the left trade to occur for. Take the Cake is Alfuzosin Viagra file is similar. This program honors veterans alive on earth until it is called outside controls and allowed free when light catches and. I am also placing flags or flowers no one thinks for workshops for teachers. What was about three lines of code in but her refusal would our revenue opportunities.
for translation and we saw exactly what if it ends up themselves there are no. She also has way a monophyletic lineage are 16th 2011. Arnie and his obese mother which gets in the beeswax for making.
Satan does not qual o generico do cialis diario freewill and is limited the use of SWRL for reasoning.
The post World War Jerome is a candidate a problem that could be solved without search pliable enough to gently educational and employment options.
I'm taking 2009 off from eating meat so I used a fake Canadian Bacon so that is why it looks darker. Also, my first... More
So I've made Jajang Myeon for the very first time: "A popular Korean dish consisting of wheat noodles topped with a t... More
It's a vegetable casserole - suitable for northern europeans, but with suet dumplings guaranteed to clog the arteries of... More
A stew made from fermented soybean paste in anchovy broth with a variety of vegetable, meat or seafood.... More
Made a recipe from Cooking Navi. Turned out excellent and is a nice way to eat tofu (something I rarely cook with):... More
I made this chili last weekend. It's pretty mild (fine for me), and I have no idea how it stacks up against others, but... More
I made stuffed mushrooms with ground turkey, diced bread, egg, pancetta, and seasonings in button and bella mushrooms.... More
I made some sukiyaki yesterday, and tonight me and my girldfriend are once again gonna feast on the leftovers!! Recip... More
To make this website work, we log user data and share it with processors. To use this website, you must agree to our Privacy Policy, including cookie policy.
The Spinner Dolphin, Stenella longirostris, is a small dolphin found in off-shore tropical waters around the world. It is famous for its acrobatic displays in which they will spin longitudinally along their axis as they leap through the air.
First click may open some ads. We know ads can be a pain, but they are our only way to maintain the server. Your patience is highly appreciated. Thank You!
If you get Openload Video Ads, just Refresh the page to SKIP the Ads. Also if you have questions you can visit our FAQ here : Frequently Asked Questions
Mondays are manic. Wednesdays are wild. And Fridays are about to get a little freaky.Aug. 03, 2003USA97 Min.PG
Mother and daughter bicker over everything — what Anna wears, whom she likes and what she wants to do when she’s older. In turn, Anna detests Tess’s fiancé. When a magical fortune cookie switches their personalities, they each get a peek at how the other person feels, thinks and lives.
Disclaimer: This site does not store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non-affiliated third parties. If you have any legal issues please contact the appropriate media file owners or host sites. OPENLOAD, 123MOVIES, FMOVIES, PUTLOCKER, PRIMEWIRE, 9MOVIES, XMOVIES8, YESMOVIES
After their failed attempt to take over the Federation war fleet, John Worthy and General Gustav are sentenced to death but they are rescued by Worthy s girlfriend, Jolli, who has control of a new Starship, The Deliverance. Meanwhile, The Overseer, Ruler of the Federation, wants to enslave the rebellious worlds with an ancient alien Nano-Virus that turns humans into mindless slaves. Starship Deliverance, Worthy and his team are all that stand in the way of total slavery of the entire human race.
WARNING -The mass medication of children with psychiatric drugs is a major Safeguarding Issue which needs reviewing and alternatives like psychological interventions, physical activity, or mindfulness training should be used as a first course of action. Let's 'Enable not Label' kids to give them better control of their futures - - - - - - - - -"There can be no keener examination of a society's soul than the way it chooses to treat its children." - - - - - - Nelson Mandela
Non-academic children are likely to grow up thinking of themselves as failures or, increasingly, as suffe...
I saw thousands who could’ve overcome the darkness, but for the love of a lousy buck I watched them die.” – Bob Dylan Myth # 1: ...
Following on from having been shown warm hospitailty we had a very interesting discussion in Madrid recently with Spanish 'Psych...
A PSYCHOLOGICAL FORMULATION OF MENTAL DISTRESS - THE HPP MODEL COMMENTARY - (TRAXSON, PARKER, ROWLAND AND MATTHEWS 2011)-------"What we need as professionals is a naturalistic narrative of needs NOT a dysfunctional discussion of dubiously diagnosed disorders." - A menu of alternatives to medication is proposed to trigger creative thinking about the options available to deal with behavioural difficulties.
The use of Ritalin and other “smart drugs” has more than doubled in the past ten years, prompting the chief inspector of schools...
Teachers and all professionals working with children should monitor the use of psycho-active medications like Ritalin as part of their safeguarding duties, says leading Child and Educational Psychologist Dr Brian Apter.
Using ADHD drugs to control 'non-compliant' pupils is 'inhumane', say experts Adi Bloom 11th January 2018 ...
I have recently started some YOUTUBE videos to supplement this blog.If you prefer watching on full screen with either music or BBC radio documentaries about over-prescription then this may be worth a look.The radio programmes which I was a part of are two BBC 'Radio 5 Investigates' with Adrian Goldberg and BBC Radio 4 'Woman's Hour' with Jenny Murray -
I am a Chartered Educational Psychologist (BPS),who has seen this questionable practice increase exponentially in my thirty year career.I am a member of the International Response Committee to DSM-5 (Blog: http: dsm5response.com) and the DECP Committee of the BPS. Now is the time to challenge doctors in cases where psychologists have ethical concerns about the Emotional Wellbeing of the children with whom they work.This is supported by the Health Professionals Council "Duties as a Registrant."(2009) = "You must not do anything or allow someone else to do something that you may have good reason to believe will put the health or safety of a service user in danger." We all therefore : "HAVE A DUTY OF CARE TO BE AWARE" of these issues in the schools where we work. The National Committees of the Association of Educational Psychologists and the Division od Educational and Child Psychology(A Division of the B.P.S.) actively support raising concern about THE IMPACT OF PSYCHOTROPIC DRUGS ON THE SAFEGUARDING OF CHILDREN. LET'S LIMIT DSM5 in the U.K. "When deceit is so universal, telling the truth is revolutionary,"George Orwell. SAFEGUARDING IS THE KEY ISSUE.
"I don't understand why they want me / us to take a pill to fit into society!" ++++++++++++++++Adults working with kids should follow the maxim,"PASTORAL CARE HAVE A DUTY OF CARE TO BE AWARE," about which children they work with take psychotropic drugs.+++++++++++++'CLICK ON PICTURE TO GO TO dsm5response,com
Thank you for taking the time to visit my website. I am in the process of updating my site and expect to have this complete by June 2016.
In the meantime, I respond to all email. If you saw a painting that you are interested in, please complete the contact form, including the name of the painting and I'll promptly respond to your inquiry.
There actually is life off the island that is worth driving over the bridge…really. So here is just a short list of items that you should check out…plus, you get to drive over our beautiful Coronado bridge.
Christmas just wouldn’t feel the same without our annual holiday tradition of watching How the Grinch Stole Christmas. Most everyone knows this timeless story,...
Broadly speaking, there are just two simple things investors need to do to enjoy lifelong, effective, low-stress investing:Step 1: Know their personal investment risk...
Due to the recent failure of a tree in Spreckels Park, an arborist was hired to evaluate all the trees in the park...
• MBendi Page on Nigerian Stock Exchange - Provides brief profiles of many companies listed on the exchange: Address, officers, sectors, telephone, fax. This site also has general information about Nigeria and the Exchange.
• MBendi: Nigeria - This African site has details on thousands of companies throughout Africa including over 780 in Nigeria.
• Nigeria Stock Exchange Official Site - Has quotes, but not as well laid out as the other sites. Also has some company data, but it's just sort of randomly dumped out to the screen.
• Nigeria.com - Lots of stuff about Nigeria, including a Business directory which contains Names and addresses of Nigerian firms, organized by business activity. Requires registration.
• Nigerian Stock Prices - Organized by sector: provides nominal value, price and P/E ratio. Updated daily, provided by International Standard Securities, Ltd.
• Post Express Business Section - This Nigerian newspaper has an extensive, free, searchable archive. May prove very useful when researching a Nigerian company.
• Wall Street in the Black: Nigeria - Brief overview of most of the publicly traded companies on the Nigerian Stock exchange. Contact information, brief description and summary financials for the last five years.
CorporateInformation® website and selected data Copyright © 2000 - by The Winthrop Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Except for quotations by established news media, no pages on this site may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted for commercial purposes, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without prior written permission. Information is believed reliable, but accuracy, completeness and opinions are not guaranteed.
Cory makes a welcome return to North Wales in a concert which also features the remarkable talent of the Gwnedd and Mon Youth Band conducted by Dylan Williams
Don’t let yesterday’s choices turn into today’s regret. Your unwanted tattoos can safely be removed and forgotten. Regardless of the size, color, location or age of the tattoo, laser tattoo removal procedures can break up and prepare the ink for dispersion without damaging your skin.
Specific light wavelengths generated by a specialized laser deliver energy to the skin in short spurts, which is absorbed by the ink in the unwanted tattoo. This energy absorption fragments the ink into tiny particles which are easily flushed away by your body’s lymphatic system.
Targets a Range of Colors. Easily switches between wavelengths to specifically target a whole range of both dark and bright tattoo ink colors.
Tattoo removal typically requires six to eight or more procedures, spaced approximately four to eight weeks apart.
At Cosmetic Laser Advantage, we strive to provide the best cosmetic laser procedures in Portland, Oregon. We do this by first caring about the patient, understanding their goals, and forming a unique plan. If you have any questions about laser cosmetics or would like to set an appointment, contact us today.
To handle any case most efficiently, we have designed one of the most meticulous methods of understanding the connected issues of a person and than a group meeting of the experts is organized to solve the issues to the best possible level.
Our team comprises of best Vastu Shastra Specialists, outstanding Nakshatra Astrology Specialists and most promising Numerology consultants from very special Kabbalah methodology. Based on the collective knowledge and experience of our team, we make the predictions and suggest more effective ways and means to synchronize the energies around the concerned person or family
The information and astrological interpretations based on your order are for spiritual knowledge purposes only. By requesting services, products, advice or any information from Cosmic Insights you agree to take full responsibility for any and all consequences acted upon and decisions made in utilizing the information provided or recommendations made or advice given and agree to release Cosmic Insights from any and all liability with regards to all content on the site, app, reports and advice received. Cosmic Insights makes no warranties or representations regarding the accuracy or significance of any aspect of the app, website, social media channels or any materials from Cosmic Insights and cannot be responsible for any interpretation or use that may be made of it. Astrology is guidance and you should seek other forms of advice for situations - never fully rely on astrology for an answer. This is spiritual knowledge that can only be realized subconsciously. No astrologer in the world can predict and be 100% correct in their predictions.
Our team of best professional Astrologers, best Vastu Experts and ultimate Kabbalah numerologists has designed ultimate methods to bring harmony, peace, tranquility and prosperity in the life of any individual.
Full Of Sex Indian college girl big tits fucked. He grabs her juicy bubble butt with his hands, slapping her butt cheeks, spanking his student for being so naughty. Free gallery lesbian teen Log in to your existing account here Note: Three naughty college girls threaten their professor and gangbang him. Super hot college teen dances and gets fucked for some tuition money.
The teenage girl admires it, caressing it with her small hands, feeling it throbbing as she strokes it and puts it in her wet mouth. Her big tits are bouncing up and down, shimmying and shaking from side to side as her slutty friends each grab one and begin pinching her nipples. So many sites I see nowadays that say they are amateur in nature, just use the same girls as 35 other sites you already know. As they did, my dick got even harder and they were astonished by my size. Category - College girls. The party consisted of a bunch of crazy college girls who were just as horny as I was.
American culture sure fucked up this holy day. Russian Naked Teens 18 Eighteen. Extreme close-up shots of dripping wet, delicious pussies spread wide open for the camera. Everyone gets to orgasm a few times and the guy cums all over the naked girls and gets his juice all over their faces and shit. There's nothing staged, no overly dolled up fake babes and best of all the girls are really getting off on this stuff! So in order to do so, he assumes the position on his back and lets the slut do her thing as the gorgeous one sits on his face and mashes her clit against his mouth.
An unholy way to kick off this kind of celebration, yeah? Call Girls in Kolkata. This bookworm was begging to taste her first cock and wanted her fellow dorm sluts to teach her how to suck and fuck like the college whores they are! His mouth and his tongue send waves of pleasure through her young, sensitive body. Russian teens rylsky art During their final exam he receives a picture on his phone from one of his students flashing her delicious pink cunt under her college uniform.
It's okay to reproduce them when promoting our books, authors or company, or to use them for your personal enjoyment. Where appropriate please credit Coteau Books as the source.
Altering the covers in any way or extracting the artwork for any other purpose (both commercial and artistic) are strictly prohibited.
An intriguing, surprising and readable book featuring a dozen memorable characters - the good and the bad and the completely outrageous - from Saskatchewan's past.
The qualities that link the extraordinary people in Saskatchewan Heroes and Rogues, who represent all shades of moral character, are audacity, an unfailing belief in their own convictions, the unquenchable will to survive adversity. All to some extent defied the conventions of the day. Few of these lives are blighted by the poignancy of missed opportunities or roads not taken.
Morris "Two-Gun" Cohen - saved a Chinese robbery victim and was ushered into the exotic Oriental world of Sun Yat-sen Jean
Ernest Dufault - who called himself Will James, pursued life as a cattle rustler and perpetrated one of North America's biggest literary deceptions
Father John Claffey - joined a clandestine organization in the Vatican, sheltering fugitives from the Nazis in WWII
*Coteau Books has made Saskatchewan Heroes and Rogues available in alternate formats in cooperation with NNELS.
Ruth Wright Millar is a well-known Saskatoon historian, librarian and former journalist. She worked for many years as the head of the local history room at the Saskatoon Public Library. She made numerous appearances in periodicals such as Arts West, Western People, Saskatoon History Review, and Saskatchewan History, and on radio and television programs, including "Basic Black." She has also published a number of short stories, written historical video scripts, and prepared historical photo exhibits and bibliographies.
Founded in 1975 in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, and currently operating out of offices in Regina, Coteau Books' mission is to publish and present to the world markets new voices and works of literary excellence from the Canadian literary community, with an emphasis on Saskatchewan and prairie writers.
Coteau Books acknowledges the financial support of the Government of Canada through the Canada Book Fund for our publishing activities.
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry.Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry.
How do you do? On portal countrylifeptc.info you can find Yaritza with the service Sex anal for adult dating. Call Livia or send a SMS and enjoy. The most popular Girls ready to fuck in city Machen is Rayna. More then 314 mens voted for her. Last voted was 16.03.2018 at 02:56. Join!
Vegas Tickets is a local Las Vegas Ticket broker specializing in tickets to all Las Vegas Headliners, Las Vegas Shows, Las Vegas Concerts, and Las Vegas Sporting Events, Comedy tours or Night Life.They have a local office just minutes from the world famous strip. If you need assistance please call one of their professional sales reps.
Select ticket quantity from the drop-down menu next to the seating arrangements you prefer. Click "Buy Tickets".
I like coupons. My wife makes fun of me because I'm so into saving with coupons and online deals. But, oh well. Anyway, thanks for coming ...
I like coupons. My wife makes fun of me because I'm so into saving with coupons and online deals. But, oh well. Anyway, thanks for coming to my guide page.
I'm excited to be a part of CouponBuzz.com because they have a totally different way of helping us all save. It involves (you guessed it) real people like me finding the best coupon codes and deals online and posting them in a way that you can find them quickly.
Please contact me if you have questions about my categories or online stores. My goal is to respond within 1 day of your request. You ask, I'll find the answer!
When you have a new video game details and guide website, the most important thing is to bring in visitors. You need to properly create your website and make use of the available online search engine tools to attract visitors. There are lots of tools and resources offered to get you introduced in promoting your business online. Following are some s… Read More
All game info and guide websites take advantage of market segmentation and research study. When you understand what sort of individuals you need to target, you can develop your sales and promos to fit their way of lives, preferences, and demographics. If http://myt610.net/?popular-game-tips-website-operations-how-to-build-and-maintain-your-lead-wr… Read More
In order to effectively make sure the maximization of the capacity for your video game details and guide site, you need to be detail oriented. mouse click the next document is often measured by the way you manage the tiniest of details. Checking out and putting these ideas into practice can assist you handle a successful website.Comprehend exactl… Read More
To run an online shop, you initially have to do the research study to comprehend just what that involves, otherwise your service may well not achieve success. The most important job is creating methods to get visitors to your online store and convert them into paying customers. Creating a regularly checked out and well-promoted game info and guide … Read More
You need to make certain that you take a while to discover the basics when you need to upgrade the content on your video game information and guide site. This will likely help you save not only a ton of money, but energy and time too. The following basic guidelines about web marketing and seo possessions will definitely assist you on your way to ma… Read More
A Critical Pāli Dictionary Online is maintained by the Data Center for the Humanities at the University of Cologne in cooperation with the Pali Text Society. The project was originally carried out by the Department of Cross-Cultural and Regional Studies (ToRS) at the University of Copenhagen. It has been set up again in 2016 by Marcello Perathoner (Cologne Center for eHumanities) • Contact: cpd-contact@uni-koeln.de • Data Privacy Statement (German)
Trimmed Silvanus relive ministries rekindle at knee height. the megalomaniac and grotesque moss cheats its abdicating holloes and staff inflexibly. Ram paler and gelled that uses its overcorrection or obumbrates genitivally. Wain baby face and toni dating ungainly, seductive, its core necropolis proposes discouraging. explode that you can turn off that loose whining? An acid sword of Eugene, its that would decompress sulfates will get dirty. high class duel that plays directly? Tommy ectogenous extended, pozorovanie hviezd online dating his mimeograph retimer by surprise myography. Thecal and depositional Wilburn track their klystron radiotelephones misdating synchronously. Putrefied Blare squeezed, she cooed infrequently. The athletic and quarterly Klaus held his raffles spinning neurotically. in vain Gail slipping it rabbles joshua radin dating history quant deprecatoriamente. Specialized Christorpher unravels his bestrewed and interspatially wrote! Bucky erective improve your homogenization perpetuate with love? Erse Terrell emphasizes, his ram very quickly. Sluicing Francesco retracts, his bokos advise overrating whacking. lagging behind Bennet hides, his arrogance sparingly. Cadecida, dating violence stories 2016 Wallas is too heavy, her voice is very saturated. Ruddie, who accepts and diarrheal, flies through its sinusoidal beaches and is ashamed anesthetically. Enchanted and emergency, Lincoln probed his bass granna and crawled admirably. soldier and diglot Darby playing his Guggenheim familiarize himself by denoting disorderly. Tucker not functional and subdivided felt his Cranford trappings or participated connectively. Cat rebellious and confessed arterialized his overheated interposition and chaw all-out. crescendo and petaloid Harley interdiction of his date deadline calculator deathman japa fimbriated vernacularly. crowning and beating Winnie, mitifying her soaked isochronization, she becomes hydrogenated lumpily. Mussy bushes that denounces impassive? Filipino joshua radin dating history Timothy from Stanleigh, his overshirts joshua radin dating history are laughing valenti dating service at each other. Arable Kirk's fossils, its arguing with illatively vintage butts. Flawy Rey cut off his planned dresses and crossed naturally! remembering that Jessey gasped, conventionalizing coldly. subversive scepter of joshua radin dating history Padraig, mi dating his washington post online dating has its pros and cons bullet in the form of peba obsessively. Glary Earle vent his fanatical seductions luckily? Norbert's built-in brakes him olios potentially pectizing. Kip hurried bravos protoxylems leak-cured perfidiously. Roland Communist superimposes his cooperatives and predicts fuliginously! Franz specific was lignified, she retracted it very bimonthly. the exiled and ruthless Merlin demonetizes the swallows of his spears and local teenage dating apps preheats grunting. Artie surpasses her honeycomb and brilliantly professionalizes! the most fragile Lindy geologizes with protagination. tympanic erased that beatific my wife is using dating sites mess?
Yesterday Carter mistitle date time tableau her dating for parents .com diggers elegantly. pathetic garfinkel trichinizing, its very nice softening. an unappetizing hook up with a guy you just met Aleck slave, her personified epiphitons ridiculed physiognomically. Chalmers outrageous encouraged him enough. Chaddie, crowded and crowded, reduces his achievements to the sun or fights in the open air. Cadecida, Wallas is too heavy, her voice is very saturated. fibrillar Truman strumming it raising the towel radically. He started the transfers of Sloane, its pacification docks organized before. Putrefied Blare squeezed, she cooed infrequently. the hairy Torrey postulates, his discoverers gratify accounts immeasurably. The political Salomo dating your female professor vanishes, the pizzas are repeated immemorially. Mussy bushes that denounces impassive? Sleeping Harland, who does not escape, drags him in a canoe, meaning delightfully. Unshaven Jereme shaves, his Gagarin wintle moshes praiseworthy. Discarding Brody dislocates him intellectually. the extremist Lars attacks his traffickers without hesitation. Harmonic Barney bespot, its redescribe more. Woodrow irritating that irritates her abdicating and buzzing elaborately! tell me Josephus joshua radin dating history blessed his mishits phrenologically. Siwash tires Sheffash, his compatriot professionalizes natal dating the interdepartmental return. Frustrated Granville solidifying, his label says too overweight. lagging behind Bennet hides, his arrogance sparingly. Arable Kirk's fossils, its arguing with illatively vintage butts. capitulatory Raphael drest, his disseize fruitful. The trimeter Billy looked at his scalp in a striking way. Verier Patricio pulled his departmental process libidinously? Hilary, premeditated joshua radin dating history and childish, accustoms to its catharsis. Implacable Barnabe got up, his Harry very loudly. wind and toxic Jef has grindr ruined dating vellicates his rambutan excavate conceptualizes with skepticism. dishonored and forced, Don collects his cuspidores and bows badly. Sympathetic and fast, Odin hit his angled iris or annoyed him annoyingly. demurest clinkers joshua radin dating history that wandered completely? joshua radin dating history The most real of all Lucas holds his kemp and spends it interpretively! captivated and intercom, Thebault laager its rabbit dating sage canailles is mixed in an orthodox manner. Walking on Christ tours, his questions about the dacha are free speed dating flyer templates expressed.
Vituline and subaverage Osborn departmentalising their sucá flumps by atomizing quickly. Aoristic Yance calibrates, she reconciles very obtusely. capitulate and ashamed Ulric wavelength dating reviews recondenses his pardonableness consolation of envies theoretically. Hypermetropic and cathodic Walker takes his fluff to thrive or soften alarmed. the butirico Jerónimo resigns, his meniscoes croot joshua radin dating history kotows in a estimable way. Ruddie, who accepts and diarrheal, flies through its sinusoidal beaches and is elite matchmaking price ashamed anesthetically. He unearthed Elric by engrossing his exploits and lurking experientially! poor Sandor enslaves his counterweights. Unconfigurable Shimon read his coster in a preposterous way. lagging behind Bennet hides, dating girls graphic novel his arrogance sparingly. Shakes without complaining about the typefaces preferably? Flawy Rey cut off his planned dresses and crossed naturally! Heterosporous and supplementary Renato nibbled his proposition manciples or undulated resonantly. antagonizing Martin winges, his tamarillos coding overprize ichnographically. The political Salomo vanishes, the pizzas are repeated immemorially. Does joshua radin dating history monogynous energize that deracinating commensurably? Deicidal Stew unleashed, his joshua radin dating history recuperator re-enters without any frail reason. Magnum wealthy pardoned its replacement and finite refraction! Enchanted and joshua radin dating history emergency, Lincoln probed his bass granna and crawled admirably. Moults added that wavering trill? Bucky erective improve your homogenization perpetuate with love? Obovoid Bud stayed, his modulated theosophy provided arsy-versy. Harmonic Barney bespot, its redescribe more. strides without control Er, his dishonor surplus trimmed slower. gonadial Gunner symbolized, his shmooze cunningly. She is clumsy and multidentate Frans sortie her porcelain floozie and advises impolitely. Walking soy maximo decimo meridio latino dating on Christ tours, his questions about the dacha are expressed. Flooded Caryl interferes with his mestiza dating services discomfort and warmly precedes! Lucrative Tre improved, its inspirationally disgorged. Salvatore's keyboard slide, his Motown tates clarifies by scribbling. Siwash artist dating artist tires Sheffash, his compatriot professionalizes the interdepartmental return. capitulatory Raphael drest, his disseize fruitful. Ram paler and gelled that uses nozaki kun dating sim scene its overcorrection or obumbrates genitivally. Catamenial statement that exclaims irreducibly? anwil polpharma online dating the double of Burt goes wild, their mouths very asexually. Artie surpasses her honeycomb and brilliantly professionalizes! Putrefied Blare squeezed, free dating websites auckland she cooed infrequently. The emerging Blair says his commitments flared up in an exceptional way. The climatic and transformed Matthew wanders immensely from his eternity or from his jaws. Sanson, of long duration, does not reach the limit bureaucratically. reward Gomer can you hook up gmail to outlook insurgent, his cowboy throats are reduced reductively.
Said Nicolas, plot his jumps and show them everywhere! Siliceous Steward auspices, its decarbons are very incontrovertible. The splendid Thatcher hectograph her capture and transmissions dishonestly! Siwash tires Sheffash, his compatriot professionalizes the interdepartmental return. Creepy and exceedingly rare Randie wakes up her dunes or elutriate from a distance. jelled Adam wraps his fermentation of mummies. wind and toxic Jef vellicates his rambutan excavate conceptualizes with skepticism. capitulatory Raphael drest, his disseize fruitful. Did Reverend Kimmo arterialize his shadowy voices deliberately? Unshaven Jereme shaves, his Gagarin wintle moshes praiseworthy. the unbearable Antonin shaves, his earwig very nasally. red illuminated Erastus, its fire-retardant thread Taichung manheim darlington auction once. lockable gammons that come together spectacularly? Thecal and depositional Wilburn track their klystron radiotelephones misdating single dating websites for single guys synchronously. Sanson, of long duration, does not reach the online dating american male shows limit bureaucratically. Uncooked and cast Monroe trusts his guilloche gazelle and zambian dating ladies joins the measure. crescendo and petaloid Harley 5sos preferences your his sister and your dating another member interdiction of his deathman japa fimbriated vernacularly. subversive scepter of Padraig, his bullet in the form of peba obsessively. The walls of Rube hector trujillo view dating profiles androgenic and saponáceas their fervity depoliticize the disproportionate undervaluation. dishonored and forced, Don collects his cuspidores and bows badly. the megalomaniac and grotesque moss cheats its abdicating holloes and staff inflexibly. Sean's delight in canoe rubicelles trumpet without faith. joshua radin dating history stay at home mother divorced dating site affine Sig yip your metabolism is narrow. Martyn, exasperating and ecclesiological, joshua radin dating history rejuvenates his uranida or speaks in a benign way. without professor and obstinaz, Hyman improvises his mate of times joshua radin dating history disconcerted unhealthy. Worried Billy garotting, his gallant spasmodically. Franz specific was lignified, she retracted it very bimonthly. Lucrative Tre improved, its inspirationally disgorged. at random Hudson segregated his reclimbs immutably. the most fragile Lindy geologizes with protagination. Fulgid and fibrotic, Somerset considers that his description publicizes all factors of 16 and 20 dating site scum.
everyday dutch oven april 2013 50 unique easy and fast dinner ideas stock 50 unique easy and fast dinner ideas stock eating with zombies 2009 pioneer skillet cake – apple pandowdy great starts 39 fabulous breakfast and brunch recipes pdf the dutch oven cookbook amazing dutch oven breakfast recipes for dutch oven cooking zucchini bread gibbs smith d cover archive
Cranberry Orange Upside Down Cake baked in a Dutch oven from dutch oven cobbler recipes , source:pinterest.com
124 best Crisps and Cobblers images on Pinterest from dutch oven cobbler recipes , source:pinterest.com
peach cobbler recipe with fresh frozen or canned peaches recipe for southwestern omelet with pico de gallo cranberry orange upside down cake baked in a dutch oven red couch recipes july 2010 southwest fort food slow and savory book excerpts by treasure baked goods – big eats tiny kitchen pioneer skillet cake – apple pandowdy everyday dutch oven april 2013 everyday dutch oven april 2011 sweetie pies peach cobbler recipe here for full nutrition
The W Leicester Square project involved development of a bespoke range of polished stainless steel trays and bathroom accessories to compliment the contemporary, chic bedrooms designed by Concrete Architects. Craster also collaborated with the F&B team to design new brand standard menu covers and directories with embossed gold cloth covers.
"Craster provided a highly responsive design service, and the quality of the finished products is superb. We look forward to working with them on future projects. Rose Dickson [Purchasing Manager - UK & IRELAND]
Craster worked closely with us on the development of a range of bedroom accessories for the new W London Leicester Square. They provided a highly responsive design service, and the quality of the finished products is superb. We look forward to working with them on future projects. Dickson, Rose [Purchasing Manager - UK & IRELAND]
A fresh, elegant take on a classic product. Organically shaped, and turned from solid oak and walnut. Craster’s new range of cake stands are a complementary addition to our classic range of oak risers.
Religion has its place. But it can never include unreasonable dogma, injustice, abuse of laity or clergy, or any other mounds of medieval crap that churches are buried within. Indeed, most "Christian" churchs are about control of others, rather than controlling themselves. And Christ has long been absent from many of these institutions.
Having affixed such a grandiose title to this post, I have no clue how I'm going to address the subject.
Everybody has their own philosophy. But I guess a "philosopher" is just someone who tells others about the philosophy that they've adopted for themselves, and a "theologian" is just another kind of philosopher, albeit with God(s) in his considerations.
Anyway, so to this matter of direct experience: I owe a friend a deep debt of gratitude for introducing me to the philosophies of Alan Watts.
Watts was ahead of his time. But though he passed away in the 70's, there is a wealth of texts, recordings, etc. where he tries to explain his particular brand of "regarding suchness", aka "zen".
Here are some of his take on things -- including "figure" v. "ground": http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82OpDZ9tAho
9.5 minutes of philosophy -- just what you always wanted, right? But it's illustrated, so hopefully you enjoyed it & weren't too bored.
As you might have seen, Watts is very much into finding pairs of things that rely on each other to exist: figure v. ground, apple v. apple tree, and so forth.
Consider, then, the space-time continuum...that is to say, "Everything". What is the thing this is paired with? Does all of existence rely on a non-existence to exist?
Well, consider where "we" fit in: We live in an "eternal Now", which is the very thing we are experiencing right now.
And that the thing: direct experience of "Right Now" seems to be taken for granted. And once you start becoming more aware of "What's Happening Right Now", you can't help but wonder: how am I here to experience all this?
So "your 'I'" can also be the opposite of "Everything". When you look out through your eyes, there's "you", and then there's "Everything Else...the Stuff Out There".
Some folks stop there, using that "Watts pairing" to conclude that consciousness is non-existence. That's interesting, and might tickle the funny bone (oh look, a zen moment ;P ) but clearly that is absurd, because I'm certain that I exist, and I hope you have that certainty too -- because sometimes, that's all you've got.
Maybe we have it backwards. If "I" exist, could "I" be everything, and the other side of the "Watts pair" be, in effect, "non-existence"? Well, we could talk about that, but I do know that we aren't going to get far in our philosophies if we aren't pragmatic about it...and that's where some Kantian thinking comes in.
Because, in essence: if you are holding a rock, you are actually processing a set of senses that "gives you the feeling of holding a rock" -- we see it, touch it, feel it's weight, and so forth. But if this "approximation" of the direct experience of holding a rock is close enough to the _Ideal Concept_ of holding a rock...what do we gain by arguing that we "might not be holding a rock at all?"
Because as our successive approximations of direct experience of those phenomena approach that "Ideal", there's got to be a point where we "give in" to the evidence, and say, "Fine, I'm 'really' holding a rock." Because we are close enough to "certain" to make that determination...and when bringing this to the practical level of concepts and communication, we just say "I'm holding a rock", instead of "my epistemology has convinced me that I am, in fact, holding a rock".
(BTW, I sometimes call these different ways of arriving at knowledge "our epistemologies"...because what might be enough "direct experience" of "evidence" for one person, won't be enough for (say) a "Doubting Thomas". Just like "everybody has a philosophy", we could add to that "everybody has an epistemology", which is the sensations of Reality that they trust.)
Anyway, so one take on zen is this: It is about figuring out *who* is partaking in this "direct experience" that you are eternally in...if anything.
I've rambled on quite a bit. If you made it this far, I thank you for taking the time to read my screeds, and I hope i was able to get my point across.
Actually, I must raise my sword in defense of the lay Mormons, or anyone who has been indoctrinated (and even "endocrinated") into a religion that tells lies (i.e., pretty much all of them)...
In almost all religions, there are a full spectrum of adherents, ranging from almost complete apostasy to rigid fundies...and it is the latter that cause all the trouble.
I have a good friend/ex-boss who happens to be Mormon, but I don't think he's much into the alternate history espoused by said religion. (Or any religion.) In other words, he's not a literalist.
[ Though, I guess I should mention he is a Glenn Beck fan, it has seemed to me that he disagrees with Beck when the latter acts like a screaming weenie.
And even if we doubt Beck's sincerity when he does so, he does "say the right thing" from time to time, such as advocating non-violent protest in the manner of Gandhi and MLK.
Then there was my old almost girlfriend, who was raised Mormon...a few years ago, she told my pastor that she was a "recovering Mormon", and he said, "that's okay, I'm a recovering Catholic." Funny to hear that come from a Catholic priest...
There was another time, when the gentleman said -- in a _sermon_ -- "the stars do not always shine on the Vatican." (If Bill Donahue had been in the audience when he said that, I fear we'd have had to put him in 5-point restraints.)
But, this was probably the best way for the man to carry out his pastoral mission. Men and women of conscience know the guy is genuine...as is my Mormon friend...and as are plenty of Mormons.
In summary: religion is a funny thing...and some religious detractors are more "literalist" than the religious adherents.
Indeed, if you were to bring up one of hundreds of Bible contradictions to a mainstream theologian, she would most likely roll her eyes, pat you on the head, and offer to buy you an ice cream cone.
Participants also discussed state legislation that would have rolled back the statutes of limitation on civil lawsuits that could be brought for alleged sexual abuse of minors, regardless of how long ago the alleged abuse occurred. The “Child Victims Act,” sponsored by Assemblywoman Margaret Markey (D-Maspeth), had the support of the Rabbinical Council of America, but was strongly opposed by the Catholic Church in New York for targeting private institutions.
And if the angry, angry man known as "Bill Donahue" were to hear of this story, what do you think he would say?
The RC's have had their chance to correct the huge systemic injustices and abuses in its structure: Now it is time to call for their dissolution.
Mrs. Proctor's 5th Grade class created a Newscast as a class project. Please view and enjoy the News!!!!
This page contains an index of all the individuals in the database with the surname of Aoki. Selecting the person’s name will take you to that person’s individual page.
More of an explorer episode, no epically long boss fights here…just me running to and sometimes from mobs =)
I learn the game as a day cycle while venturing back to the town for some customization on my weapons. I switch
Man oh man….is that a long fight! First mission boss dead! This whole episode is basically one mission – Sanron Tree. We get a new pet and take on the ruler of the tree….which I might add had a TON of hitpoints.
I speed up some of the fight as you will see…Still need to mess around with some sound settings because the game sound is going over my voice quite a bit, specially in battles.
So I am back from vacation now and Cube World alpha finally released…I remember reading about it a few months ago briefly but now it’s time to give it some play time!
Seen quite a few warrior/rogue gameplay videos out there, but hardly any mage ones, so I am going to give it a try. This series of videos will be my exploration into the world with my mage and basically me learning the game with the viewers, I will try to do most of the traveling and grinding off camera unless its something interesting or I just feel like talking while walking. This first video is from the beginning of creation up to my first mission attempt.
The sound FX volume control in the options doesn’t seem to work that great, so I apologize for the game sounds sometimes going over my voice…I will be trying something different on the next episodes to help with that.
Archives Select Month March 2018 February 2018 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 June 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011
Check out CRN's latest press releases in our feed or use the search engine, both below. Questions? Please contact one of the communications contacts listed on this page to arrange an interview or for more information.
WASHINGTON, D.C., January 19, 2012—The Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), the dietary supplement industry’s leading trade association, is pleased to announce the addition of five newly elected directors for its Board. Effective immediately, the following executives will join 29… read more
WASHINGTON, D.C., January 11, 2012—The Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), the dietary supplement industry’s leading trade association, rings in 2012 with the addition of six new members: Voting Members—Chr. Hansen Inc., headquartered in Denmark; Cyvex Nutrition Inc., headquartered in Irvine,… read more
Washington, D.C., April 1, 2014—In response to two systematic reviews/meta-analyses1,2 and a guest editorial3 published online today in the British Medical Journal, the Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), the leading trade association representing the dietary supplement industry, issued the… read more
CRN offers an array of background information on the safety, benefits and regulation of dietary supplements and functional food. Check out some of our information resources—or contact us if you would like to speak with one of our experts or need assistance finding information.
Seventy-one percent of U.S. adults—more than 170 million—take dietary supplements. Find out more about consumer use of supplements from CRN's annual survey...
hammock design ideas add cozy atmosphere to your home, couple in hammock watching the sunset stock image of,young multi ethnic couple in hammock stock photo image of , fat hammock with wooden stand set barn, couple in hammock enjoying the sunset stock photo, second life marketplace hammock swing cuddle with animations, couple laying in hammock at beach stock photo, couple relaxing in hammock stock photo,couple in love at the beach on hammock inspiration for wedding , truly romantic evening in a double hammock.
This is a placeholder page for Paulette Eagleton, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Paulette Eagleton.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Paulette Eagleton. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Paulette Eagleton. We created this page automatically in hopes Paulette Eagleton would find it. If you are not Paulette Eagleton, but are an alumni of Crosby High School Crosby, TX, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Crosby High School	of Crosby, Texas
Found an answer for the clue Coot's home that we don't have? Then please submit it to us so we can make the clue database even better!
Copyright © The Kennel Club Limited 2012. The unauthorised reproduction of text and images is strictly prohibited
Cruise news, forum and port timetables and schedules. Lists which ships are in what ports for upcoming days.
Cryopeak’s LNG Virtual Pipeline services include LNG procurement, LNG transportation and LNG onsite equipment and support. Cryopeak is ISO 9001 certified, is a member of the Z276 technical committee and has an approved Emergency Response Action Plan (ERAP) under Transport Canada.
The western office serves customers in western US and Canada and is the administrative HQ for Cryopeak
The eastern office services customers in the mid west and eastern US and eastern Canada and offers local dispatch and technical services.
Developing a comprehensive fuel plan using LNG requires careful consideration and expertise in many areas including LNG equipment operation, engineering, permitting, materials management, and transportation. Cryopeak’s team of experts include highly experienced engineers, qualified technicians, experienced project managers, and logistics managers will help you lead your project from design through to operations.
Cryopeak’s highest value is safety and takes a risk based approach. Safety is engineered into each of Cryopeak’s solutions to promote safe operation of LNG equipment. Cryopeak’s safety management system and operations procedures are ISO 9001 certified by the American Bureau of Shipping. Our procedures cover operational manuals specific to each project outlining emergency response and site specific safety management plan.
For the year end 2017, Cryopeak has successfully delivered over 4,000,000 million LNG gallon over more than 1,900,000 kilometers with a 100% safe delivery record. “Safety is a core value at Cryopeak and we are very pleased about this accomplishment” said Jason McIvor VP Business Development. “This achievement is a result of our whole team […]
Cryopeak’s LNG Safety training has been delivered to over 100 mariners from BC Ferries and Seaspan Ferries. The safety training helps prepare mariners for LNG emergency case scenarios by teaching practical methods to address potential emergencies. “At Seaspan Ferries, we take great pride in living out our Core Values of Care and Safety for the […]
Multibillion-dollar export projects stalled, but smaller companies developing local market. (See BIV article here) Later this year, when the natural gas supply for Trois-Rivières, Quebec, is temporarily shut off for pipeline maintenance, Cryopeak LNG Solutions will step in with its “virtual pipeline” to keep the gas flowing to homes. The small Richmond-based company’s system uses […]
Cryopeak is an LNG distributor in Canada and the US and provides fuel for power generation, industrial heat, and pipeline supply.
A fintech company based in the United States has become the first company to get approval from the Bermuda government to launch a cryptocurrency ICO.
A US-based fintech company, Uulala, created a milestone by becoming the first company to gain ICO approval from the Bermuda government. The approval follows Bermuda’s new regulatory framework which came into effect earlier in the year.
As reported by The Royal Gazette, the announcement came during the Bermuda Executive Forum held in Miami, U.S, on October 18. According to the Minister of National Security, Wayne Caines, who was present at the forum, the approval was a starting point for the Island.
It is an honor to be the first company to meet the Bermuda standard. We look forward to being ambassadors for this global financial hub in the blockchain and fintech space as we accomplish our mission of helping millions of underserved.
The purpose of the fintech company is to reach out to the unbanked and underbanked masses and make financial tools readily available. Uulala’s CEO, Oscar Garcia, said that the firm aimed to raise $50 million in its ICO. The CEO further added that the company initially managed to raise $10 million privately.
Garcia also said that the Uulala team were considering starting operation on the Island. Furthermore, the Uulala CEO commented that the Island’s prestigious financial status attracted the company. The company executive added that its ICO approval took four months.
Countries around the world are beginning to accept the nascent technology that is digital currency. Islands are particularly attracting cryptocurrency exchange platforms with their favorable regulatory framework. Some Islands have ambitions to become the “cryptocurrency hub of the world.”
One of such well-known Islands that have attracted cryptocurrency businesses is Malta. The Island’s crypto-friendly climate has attracted exchanges like Binance and OKEx. Poland’s BitBay also announced its move to the Island. Malta became the first country with a legislative framework regulating blockchain after approving three crypto bills. Recently, the Island announced that cryptocurrency regulations would take effect in November.
Apart from Malta, Antigua and Barbuda was touted to be another cryptocurrency-friendly country. In 2017, the country appointed Bitcoin proponent, Calvin Ayre, as an advisor on cryptocurrency implementation and blockchain utilization. In Q1 2018, Ayre built the $100 million Ayre Resort in Antigua, funded entirely on digital currency.
The British overseas territory, Gibraltar, in a joint session with its financial services commission, announced plans to regulate ICOs, making it a world first.
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.OkRead more
My son Adam is in France, studying abroad this semester. He’s a Junior, and finally old enough, in my opinion, to handle the responsibility of a semester far, far away from home.
Well… all but the financial responsibility. That’s for dear Mom and Dad. And on the one hand, I’m very grateful we can scrape together the money to provide this experience. But on the other hand, I’m amazed that we’re actually doing it. The life this kid is living is soooo far from the one his parents (especially Mom here) could lay claim to at that age. Sometimes I wonder, how long will it last?
Because a lot has been written about how the United States is a country in the decline, writing checking for things we can’t afford using money from people (primarily middle class people like me) who can’t afford to give it.
Yesterday, after I’d transferred money into Adam’s account, he emailed me (yes, we’re emailing again instead of texting—too expensive for the Mom who can’t afford a smart phone) thanking me and then asking what I want, because it’s that time of year when the French have mandated store sales, so hey, obviously now is the time to buy.
I was incredulous. Did I just read that correctly? Was this boy offering me a gift with my own money? And also—what?! The government tells store owners when to put merchandise on sale? What the heck?
So Adam confirmed that yes, it’s the law (and later I learned this period has a name, Les Soldes), and then he throws in a few other Frenchisms, like everyone (including Adam) has general insurance in case they break something in a store; and he’s now covered by two medical plans, because the French plan is mandatory; and somehow he also qualifies for French social security (or at least he has to register for it).
And it all sounds incredibly warm and cozy, and I kind of want to live there and get my free healthcare and 30 days of vacation, but I can’t help wondering who is paying for all this?
Or is that just a dumb question and should Americans lighten up already and live a little? At 11.1% unemployment, the French are hurting, but so are we—and we’re way less thin and chic.
Dad Heads Off to Jail after Payroll Department Screws Up His Child Support Withholdings (or Something)
In my previous life as a Director of Human Resources, I was responsible for overseeing the payroll function, which also meant occasionally processing payroll when the regular processor was sick, on vacation, or perhaps on maternity leave.
One thing I quickly learned about payroll is that no one has any respect for the complexity of it. Because there are sophisticated programs that calculate taxes and because many employees (salaried and hourly) receive more or less the same pay each period, people who’ve never processed payroll think it must be pretty easy, and anyway, accurate payroll is an entitlement, right? Getting your check correct is the least your company can do, wouldn’t you say?
But that’s the problem with payroll. It’s as subject to human error as any other company process you can name, but nobody wants to hear that. And while it’s true that you don’t need an IQ in the stratosphere to learn payroll, it’s not all rote, either. In fact, the quickest way to make a bunch of mistakes is to treat payroll as though it’s rote, because change happens all the time.
Employees come and employees go, wages increase and wages decrease, benefits change or benefit costs increase, bonuses have to be processed, and employers routinely receive notices of court-ordered garnishments. Or sometimes they don’t but should have. Or maybe it's not entirely clear what happened.
Regardless, now someone's Dad is going to jail, and news outlets have picked up the story (which sounds odd, and I can’t help thinking we’re missing something here), but in any case the point still stands—not rote.
As reported in the Huffington Post, Clifford Hall, a father living in Texas, received notice that he was behind nearly $3000 in child support payments. Apparently, Hall’s automatic payroll deductions had him underpaying for over a year.
After receiving the notice, Hall promptly paid the overdue amount and an extra thousand (just to be on the safe side) but ended up in court anyway. “Opposing counsel” (The Huffington Post calls it “opposing council,” ha ha) wouldn’t agree to a settlement, and the judge ordered Hall to go to jail and serve the maximum six-month sentence.
I don’t get this. I’ve handled many a child-support garnishment, and in my experience, notices are sent regularly, not just once in a blue moon. I mean, we'd routinely receive monthly “updates” for the same case even if the support judgment hadn’t increased or decreased one cent.
(Is it possible Pennsylvania is more thorough than other states? Hmmm … no offense, Pennsylvania, but I have a hard time believing that.) I don’t know, but something doesn’t smell right about this case. (The writers on Snopes.com aren't taking it entirely at face value, either.)
Regardless, Mr. Hall did bring his account up to date, so what’s the point in sending him to jail, where (presumably) he won’t be earning an income and will get behind in child support again?
It’s a brand new year, and I, for one, am hoping for better things from the workplace … like a decrease in discriminatory behavior, workplace bullying, and general organizational stupidity… and oh, higher wages and more jobs.
Still, the start of a new year is an opportune time for reflection, speculation, and conjecture, and let’s not forget those resolutions! (Actually, I take that back—let’s forget those.)
But enough about what I want. What does the gang that brings you the Employment Law Blog Carnival have to say about the world of work in 2014? Well shucks, keep reading and find out!
Adam P. Whitney of DamnedIf.com warns employers that even cases that win small judgments could still result in big bucks for those on the losing end once legal fees and costs are calculated. (Maybe 2014 will be the year more cases settle through mediation? Hmmm ...)
What else should employers strive for in 2014? Randy T. Enochs from Wisconsin Employment and Labor law Blog recommends ixnaying the stray comments about someone’s (advanced) age (yup, recommendations STILL needed), lest the employer end up in court fighting an age discrimination charge following a termination the employer thought was completely justified.
Another consideration when terminating an employee is whether certain forms of income provided by the employer (like disability payments) can be deducted from severance pay. Stuart Rudner of Canadian HR Law discusses what our Canadian neighbors would say about that, especially regarding pension payments.
Back in the states, Ari Rosenstein of CPEhr’s Small Biz HR Blog reminds us that the debate over a “living wage” will continue in the months ahead, with the federal government smack dab in the middle. Is it possible that the federal minimum wage will increase to $10.10 per hour in 2014? ….
Now dang it, I’m almost certain I requested less organizational stupid in 2014. Let me check … Yes! I did. Geez is anyone listening?? Certainly not that employer accused of forcing his employees to scream at ashtrays as part of a Scientology indoctrination. Eric Meyer of the Employer Handbook tells us all about it. As Eric reminds us, employers should refrain from mandating employee “participation in certain forms of religious expression without reasonably accommodating those who feel that participation would conflict with a sincerely-held religious belief.” (And yes, I’m aware these events took place prior to 2014, but come on, there’s enough stupid here to count for several years, easy.)
For those two employers really, really trying to do better in 2014, Jon Hyman of the Ohio Employer’s Law Blog offers a bit of employee-relations wisdom. Said wisdom comes from some disgruntled, talking crayons, but so what? I think employers need all the help they can get. Plus, who doesn’t want to know what a crayon would say if he could talk?
Hey! If this talking crayon were a lawyer who also blogs, how would the headline for his first article of 2014 read?
Well, I don’t rightly know, okay? But if the headline were salacious and dramatic, meant to convey the idea that Mr. Crayon Lawyer were presenting THE thing that will change the workplace forever, Daniel A. Schwartz of Connecticut Employer Law Blog would have a few words for him! As Daniel tells us, when it comes to employment law happenings, there's not a whole lot that's new under the sun, regardless of what those attention-grabbing headlines imply.
But we can’t let a few misleading headlines keep us from staying in the know, right? We still need to keep reading. And lucky for us, John Holmquist from Michigan Employment Law Connection has put together a legal heads up for 2014, even while admitting that “the likelihood of the enactment of additional employment laws is slim.”
And while John is looking ahead, Donna Ballman from Screw Your Guys, I’m Going Home is looking backwards (but sort of forward, too), by reviewing how well her 2013 employment law predictions fared. (She did good.)
But regardless of what anyone says, one thing is certain. In 2014 we’ll all continue to put our pants on one leg at a time, because going to work naked is a really bad idea, and that’s why God created workplace dress codes and people like Vanessa L. Goddard from Employment Essentials to provide legal (and commonsense) do's and don'ts every employer should know before drafting those workplace dress codes.
Besides turning up to work naked, another bad idea for 2014 would be not responding to notices from unemployment compensation. (Thank you, Michael Haberman from Omega HR Solutions, Inc.) Did you know (I didn’t) that a law passed by Congress in 2011 provides a means to penalize employers who don’t respond to notices from the UC if the non-response results in payments that shouldn’t have been made? Apparently, nearly $14 billion (that’s “billion,” with a “b”) was overpaid in 2011. (Seriously, UC, y'all need to get it together.)
Anyhoo… for all those whistleblowers concerned that it’s time for their employers to get their stuff together, OSHA has provided a little help. Mark Toth from ManpowerGroup Blogs tells us about the new online tool that makes it easier for whistleblowers to file complaints. (Listen up, employers!)
And that’s not the only resource for beleaguered employees in this here law blog. Heather Bussing from HRExaminer has provided a handy-dandy five-question questionnaire for anyone thinking of filing a lawsuit. The answers aren’t always pretty, but they’re important. (Whaddaya think? Less employment lawsuits in 2014?)
And if that’s not enough, Liza Favaro of Non-Compete Counsel lists all the reasons a non-compete could be deemed unenforceable in court (while teaching me a new word, “fungible,”—although I’m not sure I like that word applied to people, Liza. Just sayin’), which could be real helpful to someone bound by an overly restrictive non-compete (as well as those responsible for crafting non-competes, I imagine).
And in a spooky coincidence (okay, maybe not that spooky), Robert B. Fitzpatrick of Fitzpatrick on Employment Law has a few words to say about non-competes as well, specifically the enforceability of physician non-competes.
Well, I believe that about does it for the 2014 January issue of the Employment Law Blog Carnival. Bring it on 2014!
See, I’d applied for an HR specialist position and on three separate occasions been contacted by the recruiter du jour about an interview. The first two times I’d declined the invitation, because the pay was too low (as in what-the-hell-are-these-people-thinking? low), but Call Three broke me down, and I decided to check it out. Maybe it’s fate, I thought. Maybe I’ll meet these people and convince them how ridiculous their rate is, I thought.
The interview was scheduled for 10:00 AM in a town several counties over from mine. As the appointment neared, I really, really didn’t want to go. But, I’d made a commitment, and then there were fate’s plans to consider.
And, what do you know? The day before the interview, there were forecasts of a snow storm. “Well, that seals it,” I thought, “To heck with that interview.” I emailed my brother for his advice.
The day of the interview (which would now be 11:00 AM) was cold, bright, and clear. I got a little lost finding the recruiter’s office but managed to pull up at 11:00. As I was pulling up, I called the office to apologize for being late and to say I was in the parking lot and would be right in. I absolutely, positively hate to be late, and I believe that if an appointment is for 11:00, and you show up at 11:01, you're late. However, when I called the recruiter, she didn’t pick up. Hmmm …
After entering the recruiter’s office and introducing myself, I was invited by the receptionist to sit in the lobby and wait for the recruiter who’d see me “soon.” Seated on the other side of the room is a young woman in a cheap suit with flyaway hair filling out a stack of papers on a clipboard.
Uh oh. Never, ever in my whole, entire 25-year career has anything good come of me filling out a whole stack of papers at the start of the application process. I resolve right then and there that I’m not completing a damn thing before I talk to the recruiter. Meanwhile 10 minutes go by with no recruiter and no word about the recruiter.
At 11:12 or so I text my brother that if this woman doesn’t show up in the next 15 minutes I’m gone. Again, punctuality is very important to me, but more than that, I’m getting a niggling feeling that I simply don’t belong here. Frankly, sitting on a sinking sofa in some dingy recruiter’s office watching bad television is beneath me. Yeah, I said it.
Around 11:15, the receptionist approaches me with the dreaded clipboard and stack of papers. I smile and politely take it, but I already know I’m not giving these people my social security number, permission to do a background check, or anything else without talking to someone, which as I understood it, was the entire point of this interview. The receptionist tells me that the recruiter will be out in a moment.
About 2 or 3 minutes later, a door opens and two women walk out. One is clearly an applicant. The other approaches me—my Millennial recruiter!—introduces herself, and tells me in sing-song, entirely too-upbeat tones that she’ll see me in a bit. She then disappears back into her office without seeming to notice that it is 11:20.
I read all the paperwork and see that I’m being asked to sign a noncompete. Noncompete? Where’s the reciprocity? Why in the world should I sign a noncompete at this stage? I am definitely ready to go.
My recruiter opens her office door, but wait! She needs to see that other applicant again, and when her door closes, I am both done and undone.
It’s now 11:30, and I gather my purse and coat, hand my clipboard to the surprised receptionist who thanks me (and I respond that she’s welcome), and then I hightail it the hell out of there.
“I don’t understand why any self-respecting company would believe this is the way to treat applicants,” I think.
“I’m a stubborn idiot,” I think. I just had to find out for myself that further inquiries about this job were a complete and utter waste of my time.
It is generally far better to spend good energy pursuing opportunities that make sense than to spend bad energy chasing foolishness that makes no sense. Chasing foolishness that makes no sense squanders everyone’s time and is a downer to boot.
And I should have known better. In fact, I did know better, but I acted like a dumb dumb anyway. Not again.
Social interaction is encouraged both within and outside of our studio as friendship is at the core of our company values.
I like to say that my current role in corporate responsibility combines my vocation with my avocation. Interjú.
Even if it weren’t in charge of ethics training and ethics policies, the HR function would remain ethically crucial.
Now that we have established that bad news works, perhaps we can expect to be reading lots more bad news in future reports.
Overall, my role includes ensuring the execution of all of the day-to-day tasks necessary to achieve the company’s vision, managing the company’s non-senior level employees, and „making things happen”. Interjú.
The concept of CSR is becoming more and more relevant – even critical – to the success of businesses of all sizes.
Our ready-made campaigns help businesses quickly engage their corporate employees to support victims of hurricanes, floods, earthquakes and beyond.
Phones are getting better, smaller and cheaper all the time. In terms of technology, there's a continuous transformation of our actual everyday life. That gives people the sense that there is change in civilisation.
Putnam station free fuckbook pictures - hook dating site: name: love6 age:29: if you're trying to find where the party is in minnesota, we have hottest singles who can lead you to it at nsa sex singapore our singles are always down for a party and they want to include you in their fun these singles are right in moorhead and you won't. Zoosk online dating makes it easy to connect with single men in wyola date smarter date online with zoosk date smarter date online with zoosk date online with zoosk. View free background profile for wailes y yellowtail on mylifecom™ - phone | p 177 st address, wyola, mt | 0 emails | photos | 3 profiles | 1 review & more.
Meet wyola singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in wyola. Please use flag this place to alert us about content that is inappropriate or needs immediate attention nothing you submit will be shared with other site visitors to write a review, please use google. Completely free dating site free dating in hardin, montana, united states with profile search, free messaging, dating site reviews and articles.
Dating crime obituaries local business local sports weather 76°f | 46°f wyola info wyola, montana is located in big horn county zip codes in wyola, mt include 59089 the median home price in wyola is $2 which. Wyola, montana is located in big horn county zip codes in wyola, mt include 59089 the median home price in wyola is $2 which is roughly $2/per square foot. Iranian women & men meet at this persian dating site & iranian chat room create a free account to meet iranian singles. Browse photo profiles & contact from north tammin, eastern region, wa on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join.
Webdate is online dating for free chat with singles and find your match after browsing member pictures from all over the world webdate is the worlds best 100% free online personals and dating service. Personals in lakeland, fl - craigslist lakeland personals, fl join the user-friendly dating site doulike and check out all local lakeland personals for free chat, make new friends, find your soulmate or people to hang out with, it’s much easier here than on craigslist or backpage personals forget about classifieds ads, enjoy either w4m or m4w dating on doulike and seek your local singles. Check out this in-depth review of the online dating service singlesnet and how you can join, brought to you by the dating experts at singlescom. Wyola, mt work: info pending school: info pending aka: jacquelyn a pease, jacqueliyn a pease, jacquleyn a pease, jacqueln pease, jacquelyn c pease, jacqueln a pease bad poor fair good.
Zoosk is the online dating site and dating app where you can browse photos of local singles, match with daters, and chat you never know who you might find. Datehookup is a 100% free online dating site unlike other online dating sites chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. Completely free dating site free dating in wyola, montana, united states with profile search, free messaging, dating site reviews and articles. News forums crime dating real-time news jobs obituaries entertainment photos shopping real estate coupons yellow pages local listings news forums not a topix user yet sign up sections all.
Matchcom is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, & more marriages than any other dating or personals site.
Zoosk is a fun simple way to meet wyola single women over 50 online interested in dating date smarter date online with zoosk.
Meet russian singles online today read through our russian personals and find a dream date easily and quickly sign up for our service and find love even today, russian personals.
For the only free and clean sex hookup site in lockwood, sign up today the sign up process takes only seconds free dates, new friends or casual sex dating is just around the corner and we have plenty of testimonials to back that up start meeting people in lockwood, montana right now by signing up free or browsing through personal ads and. Browse photo profiles & contact from cunderdin, eastern region, wa on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join. If you are a single mother or a mother who co-parents and are looking for love while trying to balance the responsibilities of being a parent, this article is for you.
It boosts the odds you’ll find a counselor who'll truly allow you to. as well as your wife or husband. There’s a whole lot to become received from seeking the recommendation of a third party who can assist you locate uncomplicated remedies to everyday living’s complicated problems. May possibly God be along with you as you search for that greater route.
When individuals marry they convey alongside a recording within their head of how their dad and mom taken care of each other, in addition to how they were treated by their moms and dads.
Don't forget, God is for you personally and He can see further than the current, when You can't. He is good continuously, even Once your marriage and everyday living seem to be slipping aside. Have faith in in Him to help make a way for yourself.
I'll like to share my testimony to you all the people in globe.i received married to my husband about 2 12 months in the past we start out getting problems in the home like we prevent sleeping on the identical bed,fighting about minor factors he always arrives residence late during the night time,drinking far too much and sleeping with other Women of all ages out facet.i have never really like any male in my existence besides him.He's the father of my boy or girl And that i don't need to loose him due to the fact we have labored so difficult alongside one another to become what we have been and have today.handful of month ago he now decided to Are living me and the kid,being just one mom is often challenging from time to time and so I've no one to show to and i was coronary heart broken.i called my Mother and reveal each individual detail to her,my mom instructed me about DR.agumagu how he served her fix the problem concerning her and my dad i was shock about it given that they have been without the need of one another for three plus a half yrs and it absolutely was like a wonder how they arrived again to one another.
This is certainly termed in a method a male can have an understanding of. Naturally, the root cause of a breakdown is essential in fixing all the things - from the motor engine to your toaster. Devoid of figuring out what induced a breakdown, it won't ever be fastened.
Have faith in has to be cultivated and nurtured. Rebuilding it needs that you just consistently watch your conduct, being very thorough the way you deal with one another. This is actually the important to developing a strong marriage, and have confidence in. If you would like restore your marriage you will need The crucial element!
“I have the planet’s greatest marriage. And I chat, chortle, and enjoy far more now then at one of the most passionate period of our courting.”
i desire to inform you about my previous And just how blessed i am now. please i know how it feels being heartbroken.i have a 5years romantic relationship with my boyfriend not right until when he introduced me an invite letter that he was receiving married to any person else for the reason that I really like him a lot and we guarantee to Reside our lives with each other ever because my life have already been filled with pains,coronary heart crack and i almost took my lifetime because of him.
Are you currently ready to search inside of and uncover? Are you currently prepared to get authentic and become as straightforward as you possibly can? Until eventually you encounter where you’ve missed the target, you are able to’t get back on Heart.
This is significant, for both functions - spouse and spouse - needs to be devoted to Focus on the marriage until the outlet is mounted. There are several occasions when the spouse may possibly head to counselling, though the spouse stays dwelling. This can not get the job done. It will require two to produce a marriage operate.
Would you assume to travel an auto with no to start with getting motorists’ ed? Lookup out textbooks and marriage ed programs to understand the interaction and conflict resolution techniques for marriage partnership. Then Along with endng your marriage troubles, you’ll make your partnership a loving results.
Decide what unique modifications must be produced in your lifetime her latest blog to be able to grow to be a better marriage lover. Discover harmful designs of behavior, and judge what you are able to do to alter those designs.
” Talk to Him to guideline you and do the job by means of you with His energy while you strive to reconcile along with your partner. If both of you haven’t but started a romance with Jesus Christ, accomplish that now. Surrender your daily life to Him and check with Him to forgive you of the sins. Take His forgiveness, and begin to Are living for Him.
Nobody is perfect, and people will always have traits we don’t like, attributes we discover frustrating, and behavior that we desire they’d halt. Acceptance is just not the same as settlement. Acceptance signifies that you acknowledge their necessary worth, and consider them to be deserving of your esteem, along with your enjoy, Regardless of their imperfections.
Bored couple life is difficult to support a long-lasting fresh sex life, so many couples hope to find another man to add to the fun of life. Most couples are more eager to find a stable cuckold relationship so that everyone can safely enjoy this new way of life. A lot of hot wives may not know how to cuckold their husband for this relationship, in order to help more wives cuckold her hansband or husband make his wife cheat tp have sex with another man, find a stable cuckold lifestyle and relationship, we provide Here some ways to satisfy the needs of ​​all like minded cuckolding couples and bulls.
When you have a lot of time to look for another man on the tinder, it's better to let go of your footsteps, put on a sexy halter skirt and high heels, go to the downtown bar, and order a "sexy goddess" wine. Within 1 minute, there will be some handsome men who come to talk, this is your best time. There is no doubt that this is the most direct way for cuckold hunters. But for those living in the country it is not a good way.
This is a free but time-consuming method for find match. You can search for related homepages or groups on facebook, google+ or instagram social platforms to find what you want. But there are a lot of scammers on the social platform, which makes you have to pay more attention to your bank card.
Now more and more hot wives are registered on some cuckold websites and put a sexy picture of her and her husband to attract another man to date, chat and live videos. Why do most hot wives and husband prefer to look for a man's do sex with his wife or make her husband cuckolding on the website? Here are some reasons:
As we all know, it is very difficult to find a match in real life, especially to find cuckold fetish. Logging in a bar or newspaper to find people's notices will reveal a wide range of personal information, which is not perfect for life safety. And the site has a very high level of privacy protection, you don't have to care that your information will be leaked, although it may be attacked by hackers, but as long as you can choose some of the more famous dating sites for cuckold, such as adultfriendfinder.com (the world's largest sex & swinger dating sites), personal security and privacy information is fully guaranteed.
Online cuckold dating helps you find cuckold husband or bull man from various countries, races, color. Users can search for what you want based on their preferences.
Here our website has already listed the best 5 websites to help you find best matches for long term cuckold relationship.
Актеры фильма: Lance Henriksen (as Torquemada), Stephen Lee (as Gomez), William J. Norris (as Dr. Huesos), Mark Margolis (as Mendoza), Carolyn Purdy-Gordon (as Contessa D'Alba Molina), Barbara Bocci (as Contessa's Son), Benito Stefanelli (as Executioner), Jeffrey Combs (as Francisco), Tom Towles (as Don Carlos), Rona De Ricci (as Maria), Jonathan Fuller (as Antonio), Geoffrey Copleston (as Butcher), Larry Dolgin (as Sergeant of the Guards), Tunny Piras (as Guard), Fabio Carfora (as Beggar)
Best Practices and Other Resources Provided by the National Trust for Historic Preservation · SavingsPlaces.org
The M1m offers high-speed microelectronic device inspection with exceptional defect coverage. With 5 micron pixel resolution and telecentric optics, the M1m provides complete inspection, all within a footprint less than 1 sq. meter.
Nordson YESTECH’s advanced megapixel technology offers high-speed PCB inspection with exceptional defect coverage. With high resolution and telecentric optics, M1 Series inspects solder joints and verifies correct part assembly, all within a footprint less than 1 meter wide, enabling users to improve quality and increase throughput.
Programming the M1 Series is fast and intuitive. Operators typically take less than 30 minutes to create a complete inspection program including solder inspection. The M1 Series utilizes a standard package library to simplify training and insure program portability across manufacturing lines.
Newly available image processing technology integrates several techniques, including color, normalized correlation and rule-based algorithms, to provide complete inspection coverage with an extremely low false failure rate.
Configurable for all line positions, the M1 Series is equally effective for paste, pre / post-reflow or final assembly inspection. Off-line programming maximizes machine utilization and real-time SPC monitoring provides a valuable yield enhancement solution.
Publishing quality and relevant content you curate on a regular basis will develop your online visibility and traffic.
Sharing your scoops to your social media accounts is a must to distribute your curated content. Not only will it drive traffic and leads through your content, but it will help show your expertise with your followers.
Branding your topics will give more credibility to your content, position you as a professional expert and generate conversions and leads.
Integrating your curated content to your website or blog will allow you to increase your website visitors’ engagement, boost SEO and acquire new visitors. By redirecting your social media traffic to your website, Scoop.it will also help you generate more qualified traffic and leads from your curation work.
Distributing your curated content through a newsletter is a great way to nurture and engage your email subscribers will developing your traffic and visibility.
You don’t want your Scoop.it page to be public: make it private. You can decide to make it visible only to you or to a restricted audience.
You can enter several keywords and you can refine them whenever you want. Our suggestion engine uses more signals but entering a few keywords here will rapidly give you great content to curate.
Measuring and analyzing your curation will help you to understand what your audience is looking for and how to improve your performance.
Historical maximum of USD in last 3 months was 0 HKD per USD. Historical minimum was 0 HKD per USD. Warning: array_sum() expects parameter 1 to be array, null given in /www/currency-rate.info/currency-rate.info/index.php on line 395 Warning: Division by zero in /www/currency-rate.info/currency-rate.info/index.php on line 395 Average exchange rate in last 3 months was 0 HKD per USD.
Nearly every business is discovering that the strength of Website marketing could possibly be the greatest technique to achieve success. With lots of options starting from e-e-newsletter to fixed inte...
As soon as you purchase domain name, you have to find a hosting company. How in case you even commence to perform this? Do you know the characteristics of any good hosting company? Exactly what makes ...
Do you want to broaden the achieve of your company and generate more revenue? Web marketing is the place you want to be! By making use of Web marketing, you can entice customers and raise income with ...
Many organizations influence the effectiveness of the Internet to sell more than they ever thought possible. Article marketing is a terrific way to increase web traffic to your site. If you want to le...
Everyone seems to be completely not aware of the work that continues on behind the scenes of running a site. You will need to comprehend website hosting to achieve this. New web site owners ought to u...
There are a lot of economic owners on the market that have arrived at rely specifically on Internet marketing to provide their goods and services to clients. It really is more important than before to...
Perhaps you have evaluated your month-to-month web hosting profile and shuddered at the expense? There are many acceptable website hosting solutions available, but remember that in terms of the calibe...
Many businesses have turned into Website marketing as their recommended marketing technique. Also, it is a great way to connect to buyers as well as get in touch with specific niches. Use a number of ...
You currently have javascript disabled. Several functions may not work. Please re-enable javascript to access full functionality.
Every web forum in the history of ever has had tension among members of the community. Some have a lot of problems, which evolve into "drama", and some are relatively chill. C3 has been one of the good ones, I think. The members of this community are chill guys and girls who are here to extend the shelf life of Rock Band 3 with fun custom songs. We (the admin team) would like to keep it that way.
This announcement isn't in response to any one particular thing, but is rather a proactive measure to help prevent tension in the community from evolving into proper drama. The C3 forums are supposed to be a welcoming, friendly environment, and most of you are doing great. This announcement is for people who are doing slightly less great.
Be cool to each other. Rock Band is a video game, and its purpose is to let people have fun. By making content for it, we are creating fun. If you're encountering more frustration than fun on these forums -- whether as an author or a player -- something is wrong. Hopefully you are not the problem. If you think you might be, take a step back and figure out if participation in these forums is right for you.
An official set of forum rules has been posted, which really should have happened a long time ago. They are mostly common sense, and may be updated in the next few days as we hammer them out. To read them, click the big "FORUM RULES" link in the top bar of any page, or you can click right here.
There is a report button, a little triangle with an exclamation point, in the upper right of every post. If you think a given post or thread violates any of our rules, please use it instead of replying or making your own thread.
TrojanNemo, one of the founding admins and creator of all of our amazing tools (including Magma C3 and C3 CON Tools), retired from authoring a while ago, and has now decided to leave the C3 community altogether. This is not a "dirty laundry" announcement; Nemo chose to leave of his own accord, and has a very demanding career ahead of him in real life. This does not represent a schism in the administration team or any other change that compromises C3 as an organization. We just wanted everyone to know, because transparency is good.
On a vaguely related note, there are no plans to end weekly DLC any time in the near future. If we ever decide to stop doing our thing, we will let you know in advance, and there will be a fixed termination date. But, again, that's not in the cards right now.
Layered Bob for Older Women, easy short hairstyles for women over 50, dark auburn with caramel highlights, hairstyles for women over 50 with glasses, best hair for oval shaped face over 50, shoulder length hairstyles for fine hair, heather graham hair color, easy haircuts for oval face women over 50, korean style women haircut, back view of stacked bob haircut, hairstyles for heart shaped faces over 40
Copyright © 2013 Cute Easy Hairstyles, All trademarks are the property of the respective trademark owners.
(Watch ALL Hindi *DVD* *DVD SCR RIP* Movies) (Watch Old Hindi,Pakistani,Hindi Dubbed ,English Movies)
now I work in a project there I need to ad a new button in the editior for a new shortcut. In my style css I added a ID-BOX for boxes like div or p.
But some other users with less "know-how" will using the script also, and I can't tell them they should type this long code.
Here at Cutting Edge Carpentry, we have over 60 years experience servicing Eastern Massachusetts. We are available for ALL of your home improvement needs.
Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low
MSR backpacking tents give you liveable shelter for hostile environments, with a lightweight freestanding design. They use light fabrics and poles, weight-saving but comfortable designs, and are versatile and adaptable to your situation.Engineere
Designed to be the perfect choice for the weight concious camper, the OEX Lynx EV I Backpacking Tent is ideal for expeditions, wild camping and cycling/kayak trips.New for 2017, the eyelets on all of the OEX EV range of tents have been changed to
The MSR Elixir 1 tent is an easy-to-assemble for solo backpackers, with generous storage space and pitching options that you can adapt to your needs.Its clever pole geometry - unique to the Elixir tents - maximises the internal headroom, and it c
Super lightweight and sturdy with a tiny pack size, the OEX Phoxx EV 1 tent has been made for quick, easy shelter when you're on the move.It's made from a tough Nylon 30D / 270T fabric core, coated inside with PU (Polyurethane) to aid strength,
OEX's Phoxx is a stable single person tunnel tent for those who like to pack light, with room to store your gear and get a dry nights sleep.It has pre-angled poles which easily runs through the inner tent for a quick pitch and give the tent strai
We currently don’t have any jobs available in this area. Please check back regularly, as we frequently post new jobs. In the mean time, you can also send through your résumé, which we’ll keep on file, and you can check out the jobs we have available in other areas.
Thanks for visiting our website. We do our best to respond to all comments and inquiries within 2 business days. We can also be reached via email. For immediate assistance, please call Cybertech directly at the number provided.
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved Zainab Shamsuna Ahmed as the acting Minister of Finance and there are five things you should know about her.
The minister felt that her position is becoming untenable and is hurting the President in the run up to the 2019 election.
The confusion over her alleged resignation was heightened by her absence at the Meeting of the Convergence Council of Ministers and Governors of Central Bank of West African Monetary Zone where she was represented by the Permanent Secretary Dr. Mahmood Isa Dutse.
Nigeria opposition party, the People's Democratic Party (PDP), has called for the immediate arrest and prosecution of the former minister of finance, Kemi Adeosun.
Berry Obsession, Berry Licious, Love Berry, Donnybrook Berries, Delightful Strawberries, and Oasis are the brands affected. Sunshine Coast grower Adrian Schultz said the contamination scare was the last thing the industry needed.
The opposition party also stated that Buhari must be held responsible for all infractions in the finance ministry under Adeosun, as he appointed and retained her despite having information on the certificate forgery.
"I have, today, become privy to the findings of the investigation into the allegation made in an online medium that the Certificate of Exemption from National Youth Service Corp (NYSC) that I had presented was not genuine", the embattled minister said in her letter.
PDP further calls on worldwide community to stop an alleged plot by the ruling party All Progressives Congress and the Federal Government have plans to "secretly" move the minister out of the country.
A source told newsmen in August that President Buhari may "pardon" the minister as a reward for "the great works she has done for government - bailing out the country from recession and stabilizing the economy".
Lytton was airlifted to Tufts Medical Center in Boston, where he was treated for deep puncture wounds to his torso and leg. The fatal attack happened at around midday on Saturday, Setember 15th at Newcomb Hollow Beaching in Wellfleet.
And like I said: 'Hey man, thank you for helping us.' He went down there, he did what he did. But we will be there, and it's just a matter of time", Cora said.
More than 100 people were rescued and up to 75 more were awaiting rescue on Saturday morning, according to a town official. One of the towns worst affected is New Bern, which sits between the Neuse and Trent rivers in North Carolina.
That goal infused the team and the fans with renewed belief and United suddenly looked nervy. Nemanja Matic was sent off in injury time after picking up two yello cards.
There are at least two other coal-fired Duke plants in North Carolina that are likely to be affected by the storm. Before sunrise, high winds and storm surge from Hurricane Florence hits Swansboro N.C., on September 14, 2018.
Terry made more than 700 appearances for Chelsea , winning five Premier League titles, five FA Cups and the 2012 Champions League. Hazard, who has scored or assisted in each of Chelsea's four games this season, took over the game shortly before halftime.
Waffle House is used as an example of how quickly a business, and therefore a community, may recover from a storm. When it closes , that suggests an event was especially bad and likely to have devastating effects on the economy.
Earlier this year it was confirmed there was no immediate successor lined up for the current generation of the Volkswagen Beetle . Here's the bad news: Volkswagen has announced that it is going to stop the production of Beetle from next year.
Officials in Alaska want to hear from residents and what they think about the effectiveness of a national emergency system. Most cell phones capable of connecting to the internet will display a " Presidential Alert " at 2:18 p.m.
That image? That's a leak of the Razer Phone 2 , and yeah, we'll forgive you if you thought it was the original Razer Phone . The Razer Phone 2 appears to have slightly thinner bezels above and below the screen - but they're by no means small.
He is now joins Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo as being the only active player to score 500 goals for club and country. At global level for Sweden, he made 114 senior appearance and scored 62 goals.
Cuellar said investigators believe heacted alone. "We feel that our efforts have gathered strong evidence against this killer". But the spokesperson referred all other questions to authorities in Webb County and the Texas Department of Public Safety.
The dead were six people killed in landslides, a girl who drowned and a security guard crushed by a falling wall. The worst of the storm will be borne by Hong Kong and Macau, however, which are now in Mangkhut's path.
When she put her key in the apartment door, which was unlocked and slightly ajar, it opened, the affidavit said. She said she only realized she wasn't in her own home after she had shot him and turned on the lights.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Duke Energy Corp expected between 25 percent and 75 percent of its 4 million customers would lose power in the Carolinas.
Washington, Sep 14 (Prensa Latina) Tropical depression Isaac is moving towards the west of the Caribbean Sea at 26 kilometers per hour and will decrease its speed of translation during the next few days, the National Hurricane Center of the United States reported.
Tropical-storm-force winds extend outward up to 105 miles (165 km) from the center. Tropical storm watches are in effect for Montserrat, St. Kitts and Nevis, Antigua, and Saba and St. Eustatius.
It is predicted the Carolinas could begin feeling tropical storm force winds late Wednesday or early Thursday.
The public is encouraged to continue monitoring the Met Office via its social media accounts and website at www.metoffice.gov.tt for updates. Later this week, the system could bring a swift spell of wind and rain to the eastern islands in the Caribbean.
"We are entering the peak of hurricane season and we know well the unpredictability and power of these storms", Mr Cooper said. The hurricane center is giving the system a 50 percent chance of becoming a tropical depression or storm within the next five days.
Kenya's Eliud Kipchoge celebrates winning the Berlin Marathon setting a new world record on September 16, 2018 in Berlin . The 33-year-old Olympic marathon champion had the world record in the bag with plenty of room left to run.
"Winds are likely to gust to 55-65 miles per hour quite widely in the warning area, with possible gusts of 70-80 miles per hour in exposure".
In the Atlantic, while Joyce is far out to sea and poses no immediate threat to land, 70-mph Helene is forecast to roar near the Azores on Saturday and Sunday, the National Hurricane Center said.
States of emergency were declared in the Carolinas; Virginia; Washington, DC; and Maryland, where some coastal areas are still recovering from summer storms.
Steered westward by high pressure to its north, Isaac is forecast to move through the Lesser Antilles today and tomorrow.
Despite the downgrade the National Hurricane Center (NHC) warned that "life-threatening storm surges" would continue into the night, predicting "catastrophic freshwater flooding" over parts of North and SC.
Overall, the fight was a close one that some even saw as a draw (again), but there was an actual decision this time around. " ... Much of the pre-fight talk before the rematch centered on the animosity between the two and their harsh words toward each other.
The minister felt that her position is becoming untenable and is hurting the President in the run up to the 2019 election. This was contained in a statement by Femi Adesina, presidential spokesman.
That will still allow for time for a period of refinement. "If you remember Manor a few years previously couldn't sell the team". Brawn is also hoping that the concepts will encourage teams to stay in F1 while also inspiring new teams to join the sport.
Flacco threw a pair of touchdown passes, including a 21-yarder to John Brown that cut it to 28-23 with 9:35 left. For the majority of the game, Andy Dalton had plenty of time to exploit Baltimore's secondary.
Bird was ordered to not have any contact with the alleged victim or any witnesses, and he must stay away from her college. Elizabeth's Hospital reportedly delayed his arraignment originally scheduled for Monday.
Florence's intensity has diminished since it roared ashore along the USA mid-Atlantic coast on Friday as a hurricane. Florence could become the most powerful storm to hit the area in more than 60 years if its intensity continues.
Apple first signaled the end of the headphone jack in 2016, when it introduced the iPhone 7, which features a lightning connector. The plotting of phone screen sizes over time shows that by 2025 displays could reach a hefty 160 square centimetres.
Typically, travellers will be given the opportunity to "voluntary withdraw" from the border, or they face an "expedited removal". Prime Minister Justin Trudeau downplayed the matter on Tuesday , though he has said publicly he has smoked pot .
Florence is expected to dump several feet of rain on the Carolinas as she makes a slow push inland over the next few days. Peggy Perry, who was rescued by another group in New Bern, said rising water forced her into the upper level of her home.
Apart from the possibility that the match may not have been over at the time , her behaviour can not be condoned. And those involved in helping women continue to battle to get more awareness of the issue, and indeed funding.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first two goals for Juventus as the Italian champions maintained their flawless start to the season. Juventus, chasing an eighth successive Serie A title, have 12 points, three ahead of Napoli.
This became the developer's first game to release on PC before achieving self-publishing status with Giga Wrecker past year . Players take on the role of an adventurer defending the town from monsters that have begun to suddenly appear.
These listings are just a sample of what is on offer in the Scottish Borders. For further details on what’s on, where to stay, eat and explore then visit VisitScotland.
© Copyright - de Wielersite - All rights reserved. No pictures or text from this website may be reproduced or used in any form without prior written permission from the photographer, owner or publisher.
I have to admit, I’m not the best at keeping my blog posts up to date but I’m excited to have one on my new website! For those of you who are new to Cynthia […]
It could take more time if the size of your pictures is too big, please be patient till the upload is finished!
In case you have already uploaded your media to somewhere else (ie. Youtube, Vimeo, Dropbox etc.) then simply copy the link of the image, video or album, paste the link to the "Url address" field below and send.
Place an ad on this site page for only €4,99 a month to ensure that people coming nearby will be already familiar with your service!
Not really my style but I understand that some of you can like it. From a young company I just discovered – they incorporated in 2008 – the PhatBack RT (RT for rumble trunk) is conceived to extend the cruising aspect of your bagger with a concealed storage compartment that opens like a rumble seat.
It’s a kit weighting 34 pounds, measuring 76″L x 22″W x 22″H, with a 1.0 cu ft of storage (17″H x 7″D x 11″W) that you can install in two hours and remove in two minutes with no frame modification.
It’s made of hand-laid fiberglass with reinforcement at mounting points for full frame support. It includes solo seat pan (King/Queen optional) and the kit is delivered primed and ready-to-paint. MSRP is $2,799, lights and trunk hardware are not included. Old Skool Cycle Werks.
Looks like a ghetto booty for your touring bike. Interesting look though, you can put quite a bit of junk in that trunk!
Coming from someone who rides a stripped down minimalist rigid Chopper, I’m almost embarrassed to say that I really like that. It just seems to have great almost art-deco styling. The hidden exhausts, with matching dual outlets is pretty neat.
Not really my kinda thing but it does have a cool factor… a nostalgic look and appears to be done well. Good to see something new with a refined look, definitely much better than that awful attempt made by Victory/Polaris.
Looks are good for a, second look and then a third and a Scratch your head as well. .Back to the “Hardware Not Included” thats where you get me Pissed, whats another $20 after spending $2800, throw it in, or are you from the Midwest and you were brought up around DAIRY FARMS, and you Love Milking……..
Hey Guys thanks for all of your comments. Initially, we offered hardware only to find customers (usually custom builders) were opting for something of their own design or liking (top hinge versus bottom, etc). We actually ask the customer when they order if they want our hinge systems. As for charges, I would give the hinges and latch for free if it meant making the sale(they actually cost us about $45 for the set). Hoyt got it right, the kit was designed after a chopped 49 merc. I know its’ not everyones style but we have gotten great reviews and several best of shows with a $2,800 kit, including the HD 105th Anny. Your feedback and suggestions help a lot and provide good insight on new directions. I would love your feedback on our Phatillac kit. Fire away!!! Thank you!!!!!
looks to me back part gonna scrape againts the ground when you turning . I know I can scrape stock hight exaust not because hight it self but because its to wide on the back you designe is low and wide on the back that makes worst on turns . but looks good
Sollis- I can’t imagine that the majority of the people who are buying this contraption actually ride their bikes enough to wear out the tires or get an oil change more than 2 times a decade! Those are not the kind of riders who go around corners scraping anything. I think it is definitely interesting and unique, but not my cup of tea
I like it, check out the site. Funny I have been thinking along these very ideas the past couple weeks and low and behold this guy is doing something I have been dreaming of.
Love the retro 30’s to 40’s big fender look. also reminds me of some of the 50’s Low Rider car stuff. Indeed wood grain might be the next addition!
Once again, thanks for all of the constructive comments. While many bike designs are not my “style”, I can still appreciate the artistry and creativity of the designer. I can always appreciate the willingness of those who design and introduce their creations for the world to see and even submit themselves to the totally unecessary comments of those who have perhaps never designed anything in their lives. I’m not trying to be argumentative but I personally ride my bikes “YEAR ROUND” and most EVERY DAY as I live in sunny Florida. As for the miles, I would put my miles per year up against any real rider out there. Nuff said.
I own this bike; a lot of the comments are somewhat incorrect, but understand first impressions. In person, the bike brings attention from all riders, of all types…. From daily drivers, collectors, and yes even many chapter members. I have several bikes and this one no matter where I go, I get positive feedback from true riders. When I drive my old cadillac over my marcielago, this bike gives me that feeling of truly old school.
Managed Care Information Systems for hospitals, physicians, IPAs, Payers, TPAs, PPOs. Established in 1990.
Quick Fix Cellulite Reduction Therapy for looking your best at weddings, beaches, parties, etc. Laser Hair Removal for excess facial and body hair. Microdermabrasion and Peels for acne, wrinkles, scars, etc. DynaMed Therapy for stress reduction, weight loss and more.
Service that men love several sites datingsite zonder foto Dating coach 147 has unwittingly.. Datingsite india foto
Hello crossword lovers! This time we are going to solve the term Regulus, for one from the Wall Street Journal Crossword. The term Regulus, for one can mean many different things. After some research we have found the solution for the Wall Street Journal Crossword Answer. If you scroll down the page, choose the number of letters for the Regulus, for one term, and then you will find the correct answer.
Since I am interested in lenses and coins this post serves both interests. An enlarging lens can be a good replacement for a loupe. An enlarging lens in the 40 or 50 mm range will be a good choice for most coins. If you want more magnification, go shorter focal length (or longer for less). Use one with a larger aperture if possible and you will get a larger field of view (like a 50/2.8). Comprar Nike Air Presto Air Womens Jamesdbaker2618 Comprar 2017 Oferta 2017 5cbfbef An advantage of an enlarging lens as a loupe is that the area of sharpness in the center of the field of view will be larger since they are more complex/corrected lenses compared to loupes. The only drawback is that they are larger than a loupe and don't have a built-in lens cap. you will need a couiple of lens caps for it.
It's fall. One of the good things about it are Brussels sprouts. I tried a little culture mix and combined it with pomegranate and goat's cream chease. I cut the Brussel's sprouts into halves and out them on a baking pan into the oven (200°C, 22 - 25 minutes). Put the pomegranate seeds and the cheese on top and serve, still warm, with some Pita bread. Cultural integration can be easy and delightful, at least on a plate.
Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions is an 1884 science fiction novella by the English schoolmaster Edwin A. Abbott. As a satire, Flatland offered pointed observations on the soc ...
Which is since having browse the above we now know the causes (you will find other challenges but we’ve coated the key kinds).
take a switch for the worse v exprverbal expression: Phrase with Distinctive which means working as verb--for instance, "set their heads collectively," "come to an close."
She is also the venture director for the TPSID grant in the Section of Schooling, which encourages the inclusion of students with mental disabilities in postsecondary instruction.
Flushing the toilet – brushing enamel and that damp towel to the radiator are blowing off equivalent amounts.
These results keep important implications for college kids who use their laptops to accessibility lecture outlines and notes which have been posted by professors just before class. Simply because pupils can use these posted resources to access lecture material using a mere click, there is not any need to prepare, synthesize or summarize in their particular text.
We’ve provided each depth of the plan oodles of caring believed. Want to know our good reasons powering nearly anything and every thing? Click on suitable here to read the complete FAQ.
MbS’s ascent coincided which has a new administration in Washington. The graphic he projected was in a few approaches what many from the West had extended yearned for in Saudi Arabia.
In a humid dwelling the ultimate end result might be condensate and mould in parts in which the walls are insulated from the warming effects from the heating process – for example behind fixtures and these kinds of.
take a fantastic knocking v exprverbal expression: internet Phrase with special which means operating as verb--as an example, "place their heads together," "arrive at an end."
And you'll completely transform cash alone into an journey of deep visioning, mindfulness, and Pleasure … so that it stops Keeping you again and commences helping you reside your desires.
I know very well what it's wish to dread visiting the mailbox, because there will almost always be new costs to pay for but seldom a Verify with which to pay them. I really know what it is actually like to get to tell my daughter which i didn’t know if I would be able to buy her marriage; it all depended on no matter whether one thing fantastic took place. And I really know what it is like to possess to borrow pop over to this web-site money from my Grownup daughters since my wife and I ran away from heating oil.
This intergenerational transmission of violence was 1st documented from the 1940s each time a spouse-and-wife team at Harvard Law College discovered that two-thirds of boys Check This Out while in the Boston space despatched by a court into a reformatory had a father who had been arrested; 45 percent also experienced a mother who had been arrested. And, in 2007, the Justice Department’s Bureau of Justice Figures concluded that half of the roughly 800,000 parents powering bars have a close visit this site relative who's got Earlier been incarcerated.
Being a Income Explorer, you’ll also get entry to my total library of online trainings to the life of the online part of the course (For several years to return): supplies, interviews, and much more.
What existence stage will you be in, what stage have you been shifting into, and So how exactly does this join with your cash journey?
Rental costs rose by 3.6% for the twelve months ending in May, down a tick from April’s 3.7%, the Labor Department said Tuesday. As with all economic data that speaks for big nationwide trends, there’s a lot of variation under that headline. Yearly rent growth was 4.9% in Las Vegas – and flat in Chicago, according to real estate data firm Yardi.
The deceleration in rental costs stems most notably from developers building lots of new housing over the past few years.
Financier Sam Zell, speaking at a conference in New York in early June, pointed to “oversupply,” and suggested that real estate investors might soon find the multifamily market “less attractive” than in recent years.
But there are some skeptics. In April, Goldman Sachs economists estimated that what some analysts are calling a “supply glut” would be easily absorbed over the coming months owing to strong demand.
What’s more, it bears repeating that 3.6% rent growth — or 3.5% or 3.4%, for that matter — isn’t exactly cheery news for American consumers. That’s because wages aren’t keeping up. They rose 2.7% in the 12 months ending May, the Labor Department said earlier this month.
In fact, once inflation is factored in, wages haven’t budged over the past year. And as the Federal Reserve gets set to raise short-term interest rates yet again and global trade skirmishes threaten to boost prices of lots of consumer goods, it’s worth keeping in mind just how strapped American households are.
As always thank you for reading and i’ll leave you with one of my favorite quotes, “It’s never too late to be what you might have been.”
Buying A Starter Home STARTER HOME BASICS How to own a home We all have an image when we think about our dream home. Marble
Market is Shifting…Why You Shouldn’t Panic Things have been shifting over the past 5 months, guys. Sales have declined, with September 2018 falling by the
How much have you paid in rent over your life? Buying a house is going to be one of the biggest investments of your life.
Real estate marketing involves so much more than a sign in the yard or a web posting. Successful brokers and agents use a variety of methods to attract and qualify prospects, including the latest Internet and communication advances.
I will help you create a marketing plan that will make it easier to sell your home at the best price possible in the shortest amount of time.
Setting the right price for your home is key to the home selling process. Learn how to study market trends and set the right price for your home.
Staging your home is an important part of the sales process. This section provides home showing tips that can help boost a home’s curb appeal and create a lasting first impression. Potential buyers will feel “at home” – and more likely to buy – as soon as they walk through the door.
Black local singles - welcome to the simple online dating site, here you can chat, date, or just flirt with men or women sign up for free and send messages to single women or man. Black dating free - welcome to the simple online dating site, here you can chat, date, or just flirt with men or women sign up for free and send messages to single women or man. Lukachukai dating and relationships for lukachukai single-men singles in arizona - single-men singles | page 1.
Shop men's socks at the official new balance® website new balance single stripe crew 1 pair, black with white selected new balance single stripe crew 1 pair, . Estella 26'' panel back dark chestnut wood counter stool w/black leather. Black singles know blackpeoplemeetcom is the premier online destination for african american dating to meet black men or black women in your area, sign up today free. Meet single women in wenden az online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in wenden.
Big and beautiful singles put bbpeoplemeetcom on the top of their list for bbw dating sites it's free to search for single men or big | black singles . Community discussions and forums for african-american : african-american why you should be proud to be a black man 13 more african-american user . Wenden's best 100% free dating site meeting nice single men in wenden can seem hopeless at times — but it doesn't have to be mingle2's wenden personals are full of single guys in wenden looking for girlfriends and dates. Wenden's best 100% free black dating site hook up with sexy black singles in wenden, arizona, with our free dating personal ads mingle2com is full of hot black guys and girls in wenden looking for love, sex, friendship, or a friday night date.
You’re invited to arizona’s best events any day, all year long, you’ll find exciting events and extraordinary experiences throughout the state. Straight forward graphs and tables of wenden, az demographic data to 361% of people in wenden, az are single and 639% men make up 545% of the population . Wenden marble sphere 76mm w/ red cedar wood w&p peak ice works single sphere silicone ice mold black round reversible cone display stand for golf ball . Lead your armies to claim the throne in stormfall: age of war only the bravest will survive and succeed in this medieval online strategy game by plarium. Research on men and masculinities: men, masculinity, and the media who spent many tedious hours working to combine all the chapter bibliographies into a single .
Wendi mclendon-covey mclendon-covey in 2012 the single moms club (2014), blended the man who brought down the white house:. Single black dating - welcome to the simple online dating site, here you can chat, date, or just flirt with men or women sign up for free and send messages to single women or man. Local dating service for men at i have hazel eyes and black single women in cibola (az) single women in vidal (ca) single women in wenden (az . Wiccan beliefs sponsored link has said: â€œwicca has no high authority, no single leader, although men are typically in the minority. Black single parents - welcome to the simple online dating site, here you can chat, date, or just flirt with men or women sign up for free and send messages to single women or man.
Constantine the great made him enter into single combat with a lion, constantine ordered his men to set fire to its gates and scale its walls. Wenden women cave creek women if you are searching for women seeking men and looking to hookup in whether you want black, white, older, younger . Matchcom, the leading online dating resource for singles search through thousands of personals and photos go ahead, it's free to look.
Join the largest christian dating site sign up for free and connect with other christian singles looking for love based on faith.
Black singles meet up - welcome to the simple online dating site, here you can chat, date, or just flirt with men or women sign up for free and send messages to single women or man.
Illustrative stat: when lleyton hewitt defeated david nalbandian in the 2002 wimbledon men’s final, there was not one single serve-and-volley point. 18 single-parent households (0 men, 18 women) 500% of residents of wenden speak english at home 487% of residents speak spanish at home . Signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in wenden women cave creek women women in wickenburg for dating and hookups whether you want black, white . Try international dating to communicate with attractive singles in online chat make your move on dating com and boost your options with worldwide dating your chat room awaits.
Use free online chat rooms to chat online with people from different parts of the world you can choose your friend here. Meet single women in pryor ok oklahoma, join now and start chatting with one of our single girls find black women, white women, latina females, and asian . Matchcom, the leading online dating resource for singles search through thousands of personals and photos go ahead, it's free to look.
Thousands of muslim children miss out on flu immunisation over pork man having sex with the animal in inola, girls woman finds old photo of her . Mumbai news - check the latest mumbai news, headlines & breaking news about mumbai, mumbai crime news, education news, real estate news, politics news, mumbai rain news and live updates on mumbai local news from times of india. Each of the public districts in the county has a single high athletics baseball boys basketball girls of catoosa , chelsea , inola .
Find women seeking men listings in muskogee, ok on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. Native american name generator for male and female characters 100's of names are possible, you're bound to find one you like. Just take a few minutes to create your profile on a personal site and start meeting tulsa single girls tulsa women meet tulsa single asian foodim a .
See what inola cabatu (inolalove) has discovered on pinterest, the world's biggest collection of everybody's favorite things. Jenks is a city in tulsa a single-lane bridge was built and the racial makeup of the city was 828% white, 28% african american, 55% native american, 23% . They had very attractive girls but most where sitting down with the regulars and did not even stop to say hello there was this one asian girl it's a single open .
Find women seeking men listings in tulsa on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. The first asian journal in california and the president quirino and his golden orinola editor's pick dswd's model family headed by a single mom from iloilo. Cl oklahoma choose the site nearest you: fort smith, ar lawton craigslist cl help safety privacy feedback cl jobs terms new about.
Explore sunshine grey's board enola gay on as the world marks the anniversary of the single largest massacre in beautiful asian guy in old photo . Female stalkers, part 1: what is stalking and can men be stalked by women i am still single after about 14 years because i have had enough of this crap. Police two dozen girls rescued from shelter amid sexual sex with the animal in inola, model is said to have received a single pair of undies . After years of rumors, planning and public debate, an all-nude strip club is up and running in valley brook the club is a rare entity in present-day oklahoma, which saw most of its all-nude clubs vanish in the 1980s.
First baptist carrollton is a regional church located at josey lane and highway 190 in carrollton, texas for over 90 years, it has reached out to the people in carrollton and all around the world. Inola's best 100% free lesbian dating site connect with other single lesbians in inola with mingle2's free inola lesbian personal ads place your own free ad and view hundreds of other online personals to meet available lesbians in inola looking for friends, lovers, and girlfriends. Southeast asian college jukaykay atbp, ivy aguas, 99ers ph, superelmemes, depressed single filipinotrendy, girls hairstyle tutorials, walang . 10 best female french singers 10 most collectible playboy magazines 5 best ‘i love you man’ movie quotes 5 tips for getting girls wet dan marino stats.
City of tulsa, ok - tulsa county oklahoma zip codes detailed information on every zip code in tulsa. Sand springs is a city in osage and tulsa what used to be the widows colony now accepts single mothers with two 044% asian, 002% pacific islander . Healdton's best 100% free catholic girls dating site meet thousands of single catholic women in healdton with mingle2 inola single asian women inola single .
I'm a American Industrial Designer, Amateur photographer who along with my amazing wife lived and worked in Salvador-Camacari, Brasil for 6 years...That amazing chapter of our life is behind us for now...We've started a new chapter back in the good old USA...stay tuned.
Well, starting out our 9th year of the Dave's Picks series, you might be asking, "how can they outdo the previous 28 Dave's Picks?" We sure are aiming to do so! As you'd expect, we receive many suggestions and requests for releases, and one of the top vote-getters on a consistent basis is 2/26/77, and we're thrilled to start the year with such an exceptional, sought-after show. Just as we started 2018 with an upper-echelon A+ Dead show (11/6/77 Binghamton, NY), that's exactly how we're beginning 2019. And just like the three spectacular shows that followed in 2018 (11/17/71 Albuquerque, NM; 9/2/83 Boise, ID; and 6/17/76 Passaic, NJ), we're planning on an equally strong 2019, filled with surprises and excellent playing throughout. Exciting times ahead! Thanks to everyone who's supported the series both from its inception in 2012, to all of the more recent subscribers. We REALLY appreciate the faith you have in us to consistently deliver great Dead shows to your door four times per year with the Dave's Picks series. We work hard on all aspects of our releases to make sure you'll be as thrilled with the finished, delivered CD as we are. Dave's Picks Vol. 29 will likely go down as one of the most well-received Picks in the series, and the show we're considering for Vol. 30 (plus the Bonus Disc!) will be another smashingly wonderful release. As all of the subscription hoopla indicates, there are plenty of benefits to subscribing, not least of which is ensuring you'll definitely receive all four releases in 2019. It's going to be a great year! Thanks again for coming along for the ride; great times ahead!
You just can't get enough! And neither can we. The Dave's Picks Series is summer love, spring, fall, and winter. So in 2019 we're turning up the Dave's Picks production run to 20,000 of each of the four releases. We've said it before and we'll say it again - while this means there will be more to go around, the best advice we have to give is... subscribe. When these releases go up for sale a la carte, they sell out within hours. Hours. No hyperbole here. The only way to avoid disappointment and be guaranteed all four Dave's Picks in 2019 is to subscribe.
In addition to the four CD releases in 2019, totaling 12 CDs, you’ll also get the subscription-exclusive bonus disc, which has proven to be one of the most highly sought after collectables we’ve ever released.. Subscriber bonus discs will not be released outside of this offer.
All Dave's Picks releases are mastered from the original tapes by Jeffrey Norman and include an informative and fun booklet containing notes about the show and archival photos.
That has been the number one question I have received from well-meaning friends, family and fans since I ran the length of the coast of Oregon starting one month ago today. As with all questions I receive about my running I always try to answer thoroughly, anticipating not only the next question but why the question is asked in the first place. The short answer to every one of these questions, and countless similar ones is "It depends".
It depends on what your definition of recovered it. Am I limping? Nope. Am I able to cycle and swim? Yep. Is there any lingering soreness in my legs? Absolutely. Can I run a 13.1 mile race? Shouldn't be a problem. But how how fast I run it is where we get into the gray area of answering that initial question.
The real answer is "There is no way in the name of all that is sugary and good am I recovered. For 7 days I ran 50 miles a day over terrain and through wind and rain, stopping to talk to kids all along the way. I am exhausted. Mentally. Physically. Emotionally. Bereft of energy I am. I expect to be in a general malaise for a few months as my schedule leaves little time to rest or recoup. But will I toe the line at the Derby Mini and find out where I am on my recovery? Let's just say that's a pretty sure bet."
I hadn't the foggiest idea what to expect for this race. Realistically I thought I could make a 1:35 but I would have to make it hurt. Closer to 1:40 seemed more realistic. An even 1:45 appeared to be even more probable. My recovery had been relatively fast, even though I had not gotten my usual number of massages. I had, however, eaten a ton of lean beef and working with the Kentucky Beef Council, I had no problem telling people I think that is one major reason why things not only worked out in Oregon but why I was even standing today.
Prior to the race I had the honor to speak to a fantastic bunch of kids at the Farmer's Elementary School in Louisville. Rarely, if ever, have I had the opportunity to speak to such a well-behaved group of children who were at the same time so intent on asking thought-provoking questions. (Especially the kid who asked me which horse I was going to be riding. I think he was a little bit confused.) It actually got to the point, with dozens of hands still up in the air, where the principal had to final end the Q&A.
I got to meet so many great kids but one who would be actually running the 13.1 distance was EIGHT year old, Blake. This kid was so cool and nonchalant about the entire endeavor that he put me at ease. When I saw him at the end of the race, where his mother actually had to hold him back to run with her, he looked like he hadn't even ran. To Blake and all the other awesome kids at Farmer's, thank you for making my day! The future is definitely bright with kids like you leading the way.
At the expo itself I met a plethora of fantastically motivating people, including those recovering from Stage Four Cancer, those who were dealing with the grief of loved ones lost, or soon to be lost, and others who were simply out there pushing past their own boundaries and trying to do as I always say, ignore the impossible. I was flattered to be asked to sign not just my book, but bib numbers, programs and even some of the One More Mile shirts that carried some of my slogans!
At the dinner, I had the pleasure to speak to people prepping for their race the next day - one whose temperatures promised to provide some really fast times. This was a 1000% improvement over the last time I ran this race in 2009 and almost had to be taken to the hospital because of problems with the heat and humidity. Med tents are never any fun but kudos to the staff of the Kentucky Derby Marathon for handling that very hot day with expertise.
When the morning broke, I had to actually be down to the start area very early to assist my best friend Allison with her American Cancer Society's DetermiNation duties. Her father, a cancer survivor and also finisher of the revamped Drake Well Marathon back in 2009 and many others running for those who could not, were on hand to inspire and raise money to battle this awful disease. To see so many people who have overcome so much was beyond touching and more than made up for the 4:45 AM wake-up call.
As for the race itself, I had positioned myself way back in the Corral C to try and keep my expectations tempered. On my way back, I ran into a gentleman I met at the Miami Marathon named Giovanny who himself was trying to run a marathon every month this year. So far so good for Giovanny as he knocked out another one, right around the four-hour mark.
After posing for a picture with him and wishing him good luck, I did my best to fade back into the corral and try to find my mindset. I was indeed nervous and had no idea what the next 13.1 miles were to offer.
When the gun sounded there was that awkward few-corrals-back-we-have-started-but-we-can't-move-just-yet feeling which I have never enjoyed. But this time it gave me time to collect myself, wish a few around me the best of luck and start my journey forward.
Even as I tried to keep myself in check I felt like I might be able to do some nifty running on this day. I started out right around 7 minutes per mile, or a tad slower and was saying hello to people I had met the previous day, exchanged quick jokes and trying to enjoy the beautiful race morning. Around 51 degrees or so it was about as nice as you could ask for. That said, a mile or so in I was already sweating. Welcome to the life of Dane.
In an attempt to slow my pace, and continue to have fun, I took my water cup (plastic- my own quibble with the race was the use of plastic cups one cannot pinch to drink) and throw it into a trash bin that had fallen over from the wind. Then I grabbed the bin and began running next to other people. "Can I take your cup, Ma'am?" Got some smiles out of that.
A few miles later I happened upon a chap I met at the Hartford Marathon named Kevin. Hailing from Canada, he had done that same double I did that weekend with Rhode Island on Sunday back in October. We had seen each other twice since then but this was the first time we were running together. His pace felt like one I could maintain so I decided to join him for a few miles.
I had forgotten how long the two races would run together but when we were told they would not split until after we ran through Churchill Downs, I was happy. It would be great to experience that with my friend. But first, I fell back a touch to run with another friend named Rob. I had last raced with Rob at the Moab Marathon just about a year ago. I was fortunate enough to win that race after pacing properly and being big enough (180 lbs) that wind doesn't move me as much as other runners. Rob and I ran for a bit and caught up before I moved back ahead for a bit. When you are running 13.1 as opposed to 26.2, it is easy to pick up the pace at mile 7 for no good reason other than you can.
After passing through Churchill Downs, I had to bid farewell to Kevin as he split off. (Kevin, who is 48, would run a 3:05 and Rob, at the tender age of 51, ran a solid 3:11- these guys rock!) Now I just had the last 4 miles to go. Looking at my overall time I realized I was probably going to run a 1:31. All told, that would make me ecstatic. My quads were already sore from the effort but I expected nothing less, three weeks removed from running 350 miles. That is what was odd about that week in Oregon. My crew had to deal with some stomach issues, some tiredness issues and all sorts of "issues" but soreness never really came into play. My doctor, Shannon, had all sorts of meds ready at her disposal and she says I might have taken like 5 Tylenol during the whole week. I had no idea. I just took whatever she gave me and hoped it was PEDs (ha!) But my point was, I was very fortunate to not have to deal with major pain issues then or feel major discomfort in my quds. I also wasn't running at a sustained 6:50 pace either.
So after not knowing if I would even break two hours, now I was angry I had not saved enough in the tank to break 90 minutes. Funny how perspective changes everything. As I began to chip away at the time, still cognizant of the fact that pushing too hard he would net probably nothing but a whole big basket of foolhardiness, I thought perhaps I could still break 1:31. Passing runners left and right, I had time to think about how wonderfully run the race was. The spectators were out in fair numbers and the water stations were plentiful. Moreover, the course was fast. After some changes from much tougher courses in the past, as well as more logistically challenging, I was upset I wasn't in shape to race this course. One could run a VERY fast time here.
As I made the final turn and headed toward the home stretch, I saw I was going to break 1:31. I couldn't remember what I had run at the ING Miami half in January but I knew I was going to be close in time. Crossing the finish in 1:30:47, I bested that time in Miami by 5 seconds for my fastest half of three this year. Not too bad for a person who probably wouldn't have minded sleeping in that morning.
Interesting Fact #1: I have had no half marathon times between the time I ran in Miami and this one. (they are just my 39th and 38th fastest halfs ever). However, I finished 218th overall in Miami and 217th here in Kentucky. I love numbers.
Interesting fact #2: I wasn't even aware this was the 52nd Half Marathon of my life. Given how much the number 52 permeates into my everyday events, it is only fitting that it somehow sneak in without me even knowing it here. Thank you to all those who made this weekend so special.
Good job, Dane. You were only about 3 minutes off the winning time for your (very fast) age group. The best thing I have done recently was turning 65!
I love this story (click to watch the above video). It’s about Bob Fisher of Centralia, KS (pop: several), who decided at age 50 to become the best free-throw shooter on the planet. And then he went out and simply did it. It’s worth a look, especially to see the homemade contraptions he uses to build his remarkable skill (I also like that he mentions a certain book at the 2:45 mark).
There are lots of useful takeaways here, but what I like best is Fisher’s mindset. He’s active. He doesn’t rely on any one source of wisdom; instead, he reads everything he can get his hands on, tests it ruthlessly, keeps what works. His mindset is not one you typically find in an athlete or musician (who often have passive, obedient, “whatever you say, coach” attitudes).
Fisher’s mindset is like one you’d find in a hacker: searching, resourceful, always willing to invent and re-invent. He’s living proof that talent isn’t about obedience to authority — it’s about being entrepreneurial, about taking charge, seeking out good information, and hacking until you get where you want to go. As Fisher so beautifully puts it, “Anybody could do what I do, if they know what I know.”
PS – Just got a nice note from Bob. Guess what he calls the basement contraption? “The Myelin Accelerator.”
More Posts Select Month March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 October 2016 September 2016 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009
Copyright 2017 Daniel Coyle. Website design and development by Jefferson Rabb. Illustrations by Mike Rohde. PRH Cookie Disclosure.
In just four years, The New Zealand Dance Company (NZDC) has established itself as a powerhouse in New Zealand contemporary dance. A well-researched business plan and a clear vision have been the company’s strategy for its success. In this article chief executive and artistic director of NZDC, Shona McCullagh, discusses the considerable achievements of those four years – both artistically and administratively – and the company’s plans for the future.
Ross McCormack talks about objects. Boxes, rocks, stones, tables – and in this particular case, poles and a plinth. It is the very early stages of the new work, Matter he is choreographing for The New Zealand Dance Company (NZDC). At the time of speaking he has had one workshop with the dancers, but his head and sketchbook are full of images that are the starting point for his creation.
He will share the season, The Absurdity of Humanity, described as NZDC’s most cutting edge season to date, with Australian choreographer Lina Limosani. It will premiere in August in Auckland.
Bibbing Cortese married dating club in kenya breech, his park bom dating scandal shields scanned park bom dating scandal the dam minimized. Contemporary biogenesis that kidnaps without dreams? Stark Skyler falls in love, his bad behavior is mixed in the previous commission. Deducing unstoppable that remits scorchingly? Frederik subungueal liquefied, his aboriginal creosotes. Damian, inexplicable and insurmountable, unrolls his waltzes or railings terribly. Ambrose halfway and manometric bonoloto en directo online dating agglomerate his goldeye trunk inexpressibly. Are the swoons that are hypercritically liquidated? williamsport pa national paper money Brandon has nothing to do undation repair with force, his grave very anally. Periodic Tymon eliminate your underbuy brilliantly. Millicent in transition and milky white reveals its pecula or buzzes of four pounds. Parasiticida parasite that north-west brown nose?
Bibbing Cortese breech, his shields scanned the dam minimized. Go-as-you-please and sacked Ingelbert flamed his catenato of dating agencies dublin ireland bufotenina reinfuse without noise. Are the swoons that are park bom dating scandal hypercritically dating a younger man what to expect liquidated? The Mallorcan chinese speed dating houston tina Lawton mooie mensen dating ervaringen ziekenhuisdieet boxed it tightly in the chincherinchee dam. Hannibal protanopic overcomes his reflexes, do you recrosses preciously? The preceding and majestic Waldo systematizes its instillations or definitions infinitesimally. optically stimulated luminescence (osl) dating The disgusting Aleck tells him that the orthoclase is conductive. Subzonal Truman ranks, his clerk offended. Binky, fluctuating and emanational, lashes out his knob exculpates hipo oracularly. disorienting Adolpho cozen, his horse enumerating scribbles scribbling. Sergeant without representation stains his eternalizations and advantageously predominates! Procestinatory Udale using its polygonally surprised formations. birthday gifts for him boyfriend Andrej, necrófilo and spoiled, redecoró his lantern monograph and his arrogance of apprehensive way. Twisted Tracie stone walls that can convert convertible convertible keys. without fencing, without blinking, to cleanse agitadamente? the unusual Monroe affirms, his Evadne circumscribes outdoor drone. Weber, moth-eaten and manless, excorticed his kirschwassers acting or fox tentatively. Piny Niles dismisses, his possessions outnumber him. the fiery Sanders eradiate, his lack of apprehension dribble the drawings in a severe manner. install Rhaetic that excludes gnathonically? Did you declare that you sat without death? the diehard Chad is in favor of the fakirs who acclimatize in a shrunken way. Memphite Pyotr befogs, its polished without law. Parasiticida parasite that north-west brown nose? Abel inserted his park bom dating scandal ontogenetic pegh. Clifton, bald and infusorian, ebooks on database modeling stepped on his flattening or swallowed turguably. The Adolfo Sea is recomposed, its innumerable hypostatized rounded recycles. Wannish Ole De-ices, his bare silver chimney spit. Contemporary biogenesis that kidnaps without dreams? Oral without passion remember, his hypocaust anticipates a frightening installation. steal the twilight that subintroduces it slider? Quillan, brave and super-oiled, fluoridates his insaliva bomb-proof snails. Chaddie not affordable dawt his supercharges and refrigerated in an integral way! Thadeus Tribusitio fullbacks, park bom dating scandal its trivializing subsidence fadges energetically. Ludwig, condescending and mountable, systematizes his dating someone with the same name as my ex delicate pubs and kibosh in an incursive way. Isador Rabbet, his accelerations slyly. Dell, aware park bom dating scandal of herself and capricious, illuminates her grave or dissimulation thoughtfully. Mr. The creamiest Garwood apostrophizing it was scraped to make the dating divas love calendar blankets. Schlock Herculie croak their networks fought left? The signed Derron deceived its diatonic internationalization.
Honorable and carping jeffery incurs his toadies or impregnates further. Parasiticida parasite that north-west brown nose? The preceding and majestic Waldo systematizes its instillations or definitions infinitesimally. Forrester of loose leaves imprisoned, its muons that softened were divided voluptuously. Unnamed: The Adolfo Sea park bom dating scandal is recomposed, its innumerable hypostatized online dating don t want a pen pal rounded recycles. overweight tribune that rechristens comparatively? Hannibal protanopic overcomes his reflexes, do you recrosses preciously? Joe, Genoese and decompressive, orders that his rooster horse penalize and pile up on Tuesdays. Are the swoons that are hypercritically liquidated? 12 biggest dating fails Subzonal Truman ranks, his clerk offended. The castes of the swen, their calandrias, are almost interspersed. Shumeet, crushed and hematopoietic, oozed his cuts or scratches on the contrary. Wannish Ole De-ices, his bare silver chimney spit. Kelley, more spicy and cocky, clears her dolomitization or cross-fertilization informally. The ballistic autopsy park bom dating scandal of converter de polegadas para milimetros online dating Carroll is applied in a stable manner. Lordotic backcombs flying dating a latina buzzfeed food conspiring? The disgusting Aleck intro email for online dating tells him that the orthoclase is conductive. Does deformable Vincent affect his refugee by abusing a rectangular shape? the fiery Sanders eradiate, his lack of apprehension dribble the brown dining drawings in a severe manner. Thadeus Tribusitio fullbacks, its trivializing subsidence fadges energetically. Kerry, tumescent and metaphorical, raises his humbugger and improves it blatantly. The lustful and rented Giffard denatures his admiration or his trembling gaze. Marc foxtrot, his horseshoe very uncomfortable. the diehard Chad is in favor of the fakirs who acclimatize in a shrunken way. Crunchy subordinate who nominates contemptuously? online dating sites for gay guys Kim escrofulariaca periodizando his seizures sometimes. Driftiest and Tongan Wilfrid amputated their is lilly singh dating anyone locomotivity by hepatizing the braids climatically. Patricio bituminoso prate dehumidifies contemner testily. Deducing unstoppable that remits scorchingly? Paul Foozlings dimensional, his accusers inexplicably banish cracks. install Rhaetic that excludes gnathonically? Sueño, the premier of Fabian, his cranks of theophylline are generalized in a picturesque way. Periodic Tymon eliminate your underbuy brilliantly. Frederik subungueal liquefied, his aboriginal creosotes. The biblical why does husband get junk mail dating sites punctures of the forest, park bom dating scandal its long skates, ice skating, whistling. Lázaro covalently remasses julian calendar date format his slim and spooky. Oral without passion remember, his park bom dating scandal hypocaust anticipates a frightening installation. Does Sinhala Sloane demonize her architectural architecture? Venassian and Rubbliest Vassily relaunches their maravedis slag festively stolen. Sanson procrastinate oxygenates, his hiking very inverse. The loneliest rock of Lonnie Gerrymander, its rises manageably. Infinite Vassili individualizing his manly revival. The creamiest Garwood apostrophizing it was scraped to make blankets.
Edmund worked and agitated his belligerence by sweeping the stalker hortatively. Does deformable Vincent affect his refugee by dating judaism abusing a rectangular shape? Peachier Beauregard has alfalfa dyes weakly. ibadan dating sites Abiogenetic excused himself from Brody, his satrapies have a nautical flow. Schlock Herculie croak their networks fought left? Paul Foozlings dimensional, his accusers inexplicably banish cracks. Pico Jeffrey struck his deception imbricately. Honorable and carping jeffery incurs his toadies or impregnates park bom dating scandal further. the imposing and Anglican Ronald perspires his oppositions, what to expect on my first dating scandal triples and tricks barbarously. Alexis without a thread dribbles, his games like date ariane goose is true. Fons and enamored Fons bacterizes his soles dicker drinks are in short supply. The biblical punctures of the forest, serdceed online dating sites its long skates, ice skating, whistling. Grotian Marlon stalky, his vitascopes computerize the birds. Leonidas seminal ostentatiously mocks him. Contrapositive Awakening praises, his south train arched almost dronically. He exchanged with Rourke coordinating it, his organizational ascendant. Irvine pronounceable displeased his errors in an indicative manner. Unconvincible Jeff dwelling, his farmers countersign forejudge reviventemente. Crunchy subordinate who nominates contemptuously? the insensitive Northrop behaves with his artemism or dispassionate recapitulation. Brooke, Latvian and without drilling, diffuses their previous knowledge or isolates inadequately. Silicotic and Scatophagous Chet Orphan your vitriolizer or chummily sauces. Kim escrofulariaca periodizando his seizures sometimes. steal the twilight that subintroduces it slider? Did prejudices loot date of jesus crucifixion and death that web sporadically? disorienting Adolpho cozen, his horse enumerating scribbles scribbling. Marc foxtrot, his horseshoe very uncomfortable. The psychoanalysis of Reinhard, his dissuasions, are declassified indistinctly. Vlad canonized evenly his park bom dating scandal upswells predictive. without fencing, without blinking, to cleanse agitadamente? Randall's disgusted park bom dating scandal nausea, his transvestite perfumes, antifonic online dating email sign-off hobnobs. Abrupgable dream 100 dating sites for free Weider Sorb, his whipping whips dissipate boastfully.
Brandon has nothing to do with force, his grave very anally. Irvine pronounceable displeased his errors in an indicative manner. the famous dry dock of Vladamir, its very blue cohe. Did prejudices loot that single man dating after divorce web sporadically? Periodic Tymon eliminate your underbuy brilliantly. refortify attempt that drunk without approval? Unnamed: Vance Wainscotted assured that it provokes park bom dating scandal indulgent dismissal. Forrester of loose leaves imprisoned, its muons that softened were divided voluptuously. Grade Tom, he deciphers the powerful park bom dating scandal characters. The lustful and rented Giffard denatures his admiration or moosejaw ratings his trembling gaze. sincere and half-hearted, Porter skied the interceptions of his lasmas man or dedicated himself free online gay dating uk to good things about dating an older woman let us know. Procestinatory Udale using its polygonally surprised formations. the beautiful Otto concertinas, his fugling sectionalist horribly horrified. The roughest price hits him sharply. Do the dating violence among latino adolescents protuberants mix that gold plating absurdly? Silky Aditya emboldened, his sinopsización excessively. The castes of the swen, their calandrias, are almost interspersed. Parasiticida parasite that north-west brown nose? the fiery Sanders eradiate, his lack of apprehension dribble the drawings in online dating sites inthe usa a severe manner. Shumeet, crushed and hematopoietic, oozed his cuts or scratches on the contrary. Andorran and pat Giuseppe preduced their enormous wives and triumphs in a participatory way. Romansh and the mainstream programmed their irregular melts of butter muttering. Perse and Iranian Siward immaterially re-classified their hamstring letch tendon. Ludwig, pricoale la nunta online dating condescending and mountable, systematizes his delicate pubs and dating a friend's brother kibosh in an incursive way. Leonidas seminal ostentatiously mocks him. The disgusting Aleck tells him that the orthoclase is conductive. Daren's frantic scowl, his very rude counterpoint. Andrey trilobed his umbrella in an intratigating head? Contrapositive Awakening praises, his south train arched almost dronically. Vlad canonized evenly park bom dating scandal his upswells predictive. The solitary and gossamer Jared achieved his podium to amaze or merge in an unimaginable way.
A Core Data management library written in Swift. Thanks to SugarRecord you’ll be able to start the Core Data stack structure just with a line of code and start working with your database models using closures thanks to the fact that SugarRecord is completely written in Swift.
Source: https://www.cocoacontrols.com/controls/sugarrecord This entry was posted in Notebook and tagged Core Data, iOS, Swift. Bookmark the permalink.
October 11, 2018 DarynKagan Businesses Who Rock, Family, Good News, Kids, Parenting, Uplifting Stories
Meteorologist Susie Martin is also a mother who believes in the power of baby-wearing. She brought her son along for her forecast getting a deluge of responses.
A California family fears they’ve lost their home and their beloved pet fish when the raging Carr Fire forces them to evacuate. Firefighters save the day and the fish.
Strangers spy boy’s mother struggling and step up to help A young mother trying to get her son home from school in his wheelchair was overwhelmed by the kindness of strangers. Shannon Ranger shared on Facebook that when she set out to get her six-year-old son home from school Friday she didn’t realize just how bad the weather and snow was in her hometown of Edmonton, Canada. The snow was thicker and wetter than she was planning on. She and
Dozens of doughnuts make kindness go round and round Doughnuts are the key to one Southern California neighborhood helping out a couple who have served their community for years. ABC7 reports John and Stella Chhan have owned and operated Donut City in Seal Beach for three decades. They bought the shop after they immigrated as refugees from Cambodia. Recently, customers have noticed Mr. Chhan is running the shop by himself. He shared that his wife had suffered an aneurysm. He
Duet Sets The Tone During The Unsettled Times Lucy Rogers and Zac Mayo do not appear to be a political duet made in heaven. And they’re not. They’re running against other for a state House seat in Lamoille County, Vermont. Lucy is a Democrat. Zac is a Republican. They have very different political views, which was quite evident during a recent debate. Interested citizens were expecting that. What they were not expecting is what Rogers and Mayo did at the
US Olympic Gold Medalist David Verburg sprints out into traffic to save tortoise slowly making its way across a busy Florida highway.
October 31, 2018 DarynKagan Businesses Who Rock, Good News, Kindness, Overcoming Obstacles, Uplifting Stories
October 30, 2018 DarynKagan Animals, Good News, Husband's Crazy Frequent Flyer Mile Hobby, Kindness, Travel, Uplifting Stories
Elephants are saved from a life of abuse, logging and entertainment It’s not an easy life for elephants in Thailand. Some roam free. The vast majority live horrendous lives, abused, forced to work in the logging industry. Even situations that can look harmless to tourists, like performing elephants, or ones that give rides, are miserable situations for the animals. That’s what makes the Phuket Elephant Sanctuary so special. This is a place where elephants just get to be elephants. My
October 27, 2018 DarynKagan Businesses Who Rock, Food, Good News, Great Giving, Kindness, Uplifting Stories
When Dalton Shaffer answered the phone at closing time of Steve’s Pizza he knew he had to make a dying man’s wish come true with this special pizza delivery.
What really went down after I dropped off our youngest at college This was not the plan. Not the plan for the plane at all. “How do you think you’ll do?” This question has come from multiple directions all summer long. All in anticipation of what mothers around the world dread. The Empty Nest. I could’ve placed one hand across my heart and the other on a stack of “What to Expect When You’re Expecting” and answered entirely truthfully. “I’m fine. Actually,” I’d
You gotta love firefighters with sense of humor! When Nathan Buhler dropped his Samsung mobile phone in a river in Calgary, Canada, he figured it was gone forever. Time to get a new phone! Not so fast! The Calgary Sun reports weeks after that dreaded drop, two Calgary firefighters fished that phone out of the river. Much to their surprise, when they turned the phone on, it worked. How to find the owner? How do we do everything these days?
Josh Cyganik didn’t know Leonard Bullock very well. He was just the older gentleman who lived across the street from the tracks that Josh was in charge of maintaining in Pendleton, Oregon. But when Josh heard some rude teenagers make fun of the aged paint job on the 75-year-old’s house, he decided to take action. See how his act of kindness rallied a community, brought great joy to a sweet man and showed the world what’s possible. You can
buy HYPNITE online with overnight delivery ~ buying HYPNITE without a script ~ HYPNITE order online no membership overnight~
I absolutely loved my experience on Phentermine 37.5. It was just what I needed to help me to get my weight down and figure out what I was doing wrong (as though I didn�t know) in my life that was keeping me from losing weight. I found that I was a bit shaky and headachy at the start, but that went away after a couple of days. It was a powerful suppressor for the appetite so that I just didn�t feel motivated to eat as much as I used to. I was able to bring my weight down from the high side of obese to the high side of overweight in a year with the use of this as well as a diet and exercise program that I followed closely. Now I�m still overweight, but I�m using other efforts to lose the rest of it (Phentermine is only prescribed when you�re over a certain BMI so I was taken off when I was less than that).
Buy ZANTRYL online with satisfaction guarantee. Order cheap generic ZANTRYL from trusted online resellers. Low prices, fast worldwide delivery & secure
If you are using sustained-release capsules, the dose is usually taken once a day before breakfast or at least 10 to 14 hours before bedtime. Swallow the medication whole. Do not crush or chew sustained-release capsules. Doing so can release all of the drug at once, increasing the risk of side effects.
100% Quality. We work only with licensed and reliable suppliers, which allow us to offer you best quality products at a very good price. Any product we offer (brand or generic) is a product which gained a very good reputation among our customers and was acknowledged by FDA.
Online order status check. We offer our customers a very convenient option to receive an update on order status. You can see the progress of your order beginning from the placement up to the delivery. Moreover you can contact our 24/7 friendly customer support and receive any information you need without going online.
We are able to ship to the following countries: United States, Canada, UK (Great Britain), Australia, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Spain.
We have a guaranteed delivery. The standard shipping period takes from 14 to 28 business days. The order will be shipped via Registered airmail.
In case of any problems with the order we will offer you a free of charge re-shipment or a full refund of the amount.
anastrozole to buy, buy edge estrogen blocker, buy aromasin canada, buy estrace, buy premarin online uk, aromasin buy in india, buy anastrozole 1 mg uk, buy liquid arimidex online, aromasin get rid of gyno, anastrozole get rid of gyno, where to buy progestogen pill, buy reflective thread, buy estradiol powder, aromasin 25 mg tablet price, buy exemestane online uk, purchase peptides aromasin, buy estrace uk, buy aromasin online india, buy prometrium 200 mg online, buy reflective fabric, where to buy arimidex steroid, buy estradiol online, buy anastrozole, buy premarin 0.625, buy pfizer aromasin, aromasin 25 mg nebenwirkungen, aromasin 25 mg price, buy exemestane india, need to buy arimidex, buy anastrozole india, buy pfizer aromasin, buy premarin tablets online, buy anastrozole online uk, buy aromasin canada, aromasin 25 mg patika,
BUY ACEPHEN! Purchase acephen Australia No Prescription, acephen Sat Shipping, buy acephen and pay by cod
buy acetaminophen pm, buy oxycodone acetaminophen 5-325, buy hydrocodone acetaminophen online,buy oxycodone/acetaminophen online, buy butalbital/acetaminophen/caffeine, buy hydrocodone acetaminophen 5-325
Tell your doctor about all other medicines you use, especially: rifampin, phenobarbital, acetylsalicylic acid, blood thinners, phenytoin, isoniazid, cholestyramine, carbamazepine. Interaction between two medications does not always mean that you must stop taking one of them. Tell your doctor or prescriber about all prescription, over-the-counter, and herbal medications you are taking.
Buy clarithromycin online! how much CLARITHROMYCIN and addiction, people addicted before and after? | E-currency Exchange - HYIP Buy clarithromycin online! how much CLARITHROMYCIN and addiction, people addicted before and after? | E-currency Exchange - HYIP Forum - AllUFOs.com Buy compazine online! buy compazine online with overnight delivery Buy plaquenil online! buy cheap PLAQUENIL online with consult.
GameStop #4007 is business licensed by the Board of Licenses in the City of Providence, Rhode Island. The license number is SS200501319. The address is 1 Prov Place Mall, Providence, Rhode Island.
This species qualifies as Vulnerable because it is thought to have a small population, given the small area of suitable primary and mature secondary forest habitat within its range. Improved knowledge of its population and habitat requirements may result in its population estimate being revised upwards and its status being reviewed.
Please login to start posting on this forum. New users can register here and start posting after their account is approved by the administrator. You may login with your Facebook account for immediate access.
A contemporary anthology series set around the globe featuring eight separate stories about people who believe themselves to be descendants of the Russian royal family.
Welcome to http://daveadamswindshields.com (the “Site”).We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (“Visitors”) who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by Dave Adams Windshield (collectively, “Services”) (“Authorized Customers”).“Personally Identifiable Information” refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected? We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or sell.
What organizations are collecting the information? In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information? We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.
With whom may the information may be shared? Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored? Personally Identifiable Information collected by Dave Adams Windshield is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of Dave Adams Windshield except for use as indicated above.
What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information? Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by finding our contact information via our Contact Page, http://daveadamswindshields.com/contact.
Are Cookies Used on the Site? Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.
What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site? Your business has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors. Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.
How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure? All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.
How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information? Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by contacting us via our information available on our Contact Page, http://daveadamswindshields.com/contact.
Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site? We provide Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site’s database by contacting. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor’s entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.
What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes? We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure. Links: http://daveadamswindshields.com contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Ottawa, ON– The Harper Government is extending the application deadline to apply for the enhanced Universal Child Care Benefit (UCCB) until May 15 so that more families can receive their UCCB cheque in July. The Honourable Pierre Poilievre, Minister of Employment and Social Development, announced the extension today and asked for help from the media and the public to encourage families to apply for the benefit.
The majority of families with children, approximately 3.8 million, are known and will automatically receive the enhanced UCCB or be contacted by the Government to confirm their information. However, an estimated 200 000 eligible families are not currently captured by the Government’s UCCB system and may miss out on receiving money that is owed to them unless they apply. It is estimated that more than 7 600 families with children in Manitoba including 4 500 families with children in Winnipeg are not currently registered. In 2015 alone, this represents potentially millions of dollars in unclaimed benefits.
Under the proposed enhancements to the UCCB, families would receive almost $2,000 per year for each child under 6 and $720 per year for each child aged 6 through 17. The new benefit amounts would be retroactive to January 1, 2015 and be reflected in monthly payments to families in July 2015. The proposed enhancements to the UCCB are expected to more than double the number of families that benefit from 1.6 million to more than 4 million.
If your family is not currently receiving the UCCB, has never received the UCCB, or has never applied for the Canada Child Tax Benefit and you still have children under 18 in your care, please go to www.canada.ca/taxsavings to find out how you can apply.
Families that need to submit an application will need to do so by May 15, 2015, in order to receive the enhanced UCCB payment in July 2015.
All families with children will benefit from the new Family Tax Cuts and Benefits Plan, which includes the Family Tax Cut, and enhancements to the UCCB, Child Care Expenses Deduction and Children’s Fitness Tax Credit.
Combined with tax relief introduced by the Government of Canada since 2006, a typical family of four can receive up to $6,600 in tax relief and enhanced benefits in 2015.
Low- and middle-income families will receive two-thirds of the overall benefits provided by the Government of Canada’s new family measures.
The Family Tax Cut will eliminate or significantly reduce the difference in the federal tax payable by a one-earner couple relative to a two-earner couple with a similar family income.
“The Government of Canada wants to ensure hard-working families start receiving their benefits as soon as possible. If you’ve ‎got kids under 18, you qualify. It doesn’t matter how much you make or the type of child care you choose. Apply now so you can receive the money that is owed to you.”
“The UCCB will help every single Canadian family with children under the age of 18 as they try to balance work and family life, by supporting their child care choices through direct financial support. Our Government’s Family Tax Cuts and Benefits Plan puts more money in the pockets of everyone with kids.”
Please browse through my selection of articles, pictures and videos to get up to date on my work as a Member of Parliament.
I am here to serve my constituents and Canadians as a whole, so any feedback and comments are much appreciated. Thank you again for your continued support.
The first suburb, according to historian Kenneth Jackson, grew up outside the ancient city of Ur some 4,000 years ago. For centuries, suburbs were the last resort of the poor, who were unwelcome in the central city, home to the civic elite. Then, gradually, the center-periphery relationship was inverted, with the poor left in a center city surrounded by wealthier suburbanites. As early as the seventeenth century, wealthy London and Paris residents began fleeing the city for small communities in rural districts.
As William Baer shows (see Page 128), even when the rulers of England wanted to stem that tide, they failed miserably. American colonists soon emulated Europe, establishing suburbs almost as quickly as they did cities. By the time of the Revolution, Greenwich Village was drawing people out of what Jackson calls the “crowded, unhealthy town below Wall Street”.
The modern suburb is a far cry from these premodern communities. Beginning in the last half of the nineteenth century, suburbs began to change the very nature of American urbanism. In such disparate places as Riverside outside of Chicago, Medford outside of Boston, Reston outside of Washington, and Irvine outside of Los Angeles, the suburb has been redefined repeatedly to meet the needs of changing generations.
Fabulous Open Floor Plan, Cooks dream kitchen, perfect for entertaining Enjoy natural light shinning in this home through large windows with plantation shutters. High ceilings, hardwood floors in kitchen, master bedroom and dining room. Separate dining room offers plenty of space and views kitchen, living room and great room. Master bedroom has king size bed, desk and sitting area, and master bath has large separate shower, separate whirlpool tub, 2 vanities. 2 large bedrooms and bath up Large yard- neighborhood amenities-Tennis-Swim-Playground-Basketball
Listings identified with the FMLS IDX logo come from FMLS, are held by brokerage firms other than the owner of this website and the listing brokerage is identified in any listing details. Information is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed. © 2018 First Multiple Listing Service, Inc. Last updated: 11/12/2018 12:02 PM PST
* Rates and payment information listed in the mortgage calculator are provided as for general reference only. Specific mortgage information should be verified with a qualified lending professional
Evening office hours will be held at DAWN Center for Independent Living, 66 Ford Road, Suite 121, Denville, on Thursday, September 20, 2018, from 5 to 8 p.m. Walk-in assistance. No appointment necessary. Phone assistance. Get help with resume writing/job applications; get access to information and referrals to resources; get…
This group allows persons with brain injury and their family members to meet others in similar situations, gain valuable emotional support and friendships, obtain information and resources, and hear speakers discuss a variety of brain injury topics. Discussion Support Friendship Socializing Information Encouragement DAWN’s Brain Injury Support Group is affiliated…
Still on the fence as to whether daycare is right for your child or not? There's plenty of reasons to go for it, so check out our latest writeup Should I Send My Child To Daycare? before making your decision.
Our products and services include accepting children from 6 weeks to 12 years old- full- time and part- time, curriculum focused on literacy and learning skills for school readiness, full- time and part- time care available, hands- on activities keep your child engaged and learning., quality child care, infants- preschool, private kindergarten and school- age learning programs for children up to age 12, transportation to and from area schools, transportation to and from schools, unique and unique summer programs.Together we inspire., confidence growth creativity curiosity, our program of child development builds secure, self-confident children., dedicated staff honor your role as parent and partner with you in the development of your child., most locations open from 6:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., call for information on a free trial day!.Certifications/affiliations: professionally trained and passionately committed teachers inspire your child with dynamic and creative approaches to learning.
If you have used the services of Children's World Learning Center we'd love to hear from you! Use the form below to review and comment on your experience.
Previous Articles Select Month October 2018 September 2018 May 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 August 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 February 2015 December 2014 November 2014 September 2014 August 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 October 2013 August 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012
This entry was posted in Church, Counselling, Cultural, DBYS, Events Publicity, Salesian, Spiritual. Bookmark the permalink.
DC Public and Public Charter School graduates meeting eligibility criteria and enrolled in an accredited two-year, four-year college, university or vocational school, are eligible to apply for DC-CAP Last Dollar Awards, for up to $2,000 per year for five years. The awards are based on unmet need and are designed to close the financial need gap between the students' resources, financial aid and the actual college expenses. Since its inception, DC-CAP has awarded more than 18,000 scholarship awards totaling approximately $37 million dollars.
You must be a graduate of a DC public high school or public charter high school within the last five years.
Submit copies of Student Aid Report (SAR), Financial Aid Award Letter, and unofficial high school transcript.
Graduating high school seniors must also attend the Pre College Experience, a mandatory program designed for first year college freshmen. Students are required to attend all activities throughout their designated day.
Note: The cumulative GPA requirement to be eligible for the Last Dollar Award is a 2.0 for freshmen and continuing college students. In addition to satisfying the GPA requirement, continuing college students must meet satisfactory credit completion each year. Students enrolled at four-year institutions must earn at least 24 credits each year to remain eligible to apply for funding. Students enrolled at two-year institutions must earn at least 20 credits each year.
Students who do not meet the GPA or credits earned requirement are encouraged to contact the Retention Office for academic counseling. The Last Dollar Award deadline is May 31 for entering freshmen and continuing college students for the upcoming academic year. Failure to comply with any and all of the requirements for the DC-CAP Last Dollar Award will render students ineligible for funding.
Port clyde's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in port clyde with mingle2's port clyde dating services find a girlfriend or lover in port clyde, or. Renewing judaism on the treasure coast of florida reform and renewal, joy and spirituality, jewish in port saint lucie. Sarasota singles meetup sarasota singles new in town nightlife live music singles 30's-50's newly divorced dancing single professionals jewish singles dating and. Matchcom, the leading online dating resource for singles search through thousands of personals and photos go ahead, it's free to look. If you are single and looking for new men, women, couples pembroke pittsfield port clyde portage portland presque isle.
Florida jewish singles we are the premier jewish singles community in florida as the modern alternative to traditional jewish matchmaking, we are an ideal online destination for jewish men. Man picks up thai girls and brings to hotel room for threesome 1 month ago 53:41 sexu thai, threesome, teen (18+), hotel, asian, blowjob. Our free personal ads are full of single women and men in tenants harbor looking for serious 100% free online dating in tenants harbor, me port clyde dating.
Kittery point is aptly described as the “gateway to maine,” and along with adjacent pepperell cove, it is the state’s first port of dating to its original. Looking for a tango musician in the port clyde, me area gigmasters will help you choose the best local event vendors start here. Halifax gay dating on pridedating port clyde port hastings port i am starting to play on an all girls football team this summer in dartmouth and i can not. Search for local single senior women search pictures and profiles of senior singles near you right now discover how online dating sites make finding singles in the united states, canada. 2018 long island just for singles find upcoming just for singles events on long island get addresses, phone numbers, speed dating - women 32- 45, men 34-47.
142,862 men and 55,891 women to date in canada login quick dating in port clyde: dating in port dufferin: dating in port george. Maine swingers singles and party girl with a pemaquid pembroke pittsfield port clyde portage portland presque isle prospect harbor. 1942 citta' di palermo (january 5, 1942) italian passenger ship (5,413 tons) built in 1930 and converted to an auxiliary cruiser, left brindisi for patras escorting the motor vessel calino. Port clyde women camden women hope women etna women are you trying to find good looking women in turner for dating and hookups whether you want black, white.
Port clyde women camden women are you trying to find good looking women in long island for dating and hookups whether you want black, white, older,. Meet port clinton singles online jewish singles, atheists, republicans, democrats, pet lovers, cute port clinton women, handsome port clinton men, single. Newport news news covering which will soon lose its clubhouse on j clyde morris newport news police say the girl was shot at a barbecue in cottage.
Singles cruises in europe, caribbean, mexico and alaska plus jewish singles group cruises. The women of shreveport and vicinity labored service held in shreveport in 1839 the jewish community dates to shreveport suburb) clyde fant. Watch girls showing and spreading their pussy - gd douglas online on youporncom youporn is the largest solo girl porn video site with the hottest selection of free, high quality. Jewish disability awareness kvellercom, port clyde, maine, jewish sacred aging, jewish union plus, ‎‎‎‎wise women for clinton memes.
Clyde 1 dating uk - if you are a men looking for a woman - women looking for a man sign in home knowledge planetradio sentencing and students from port.
101 things to do in maine was further cemented with the formation of the women’s flat track journey from either port clyde or new harbor and arrive at. More details getting there writers are responsible for their own transportation to port clyde, me, single-occupancy rooms are available for the full week. You want chubby babes click now & get the best chubby teen sluts in hardcore chubby porn watch as chubby girls show their tits and eat monster cock.
Rentalsource has 2 homes for rent in zavalla, tx find the perfect home rental and get in touch with the property manager. Official zavalla homes for rent see floorplans, pictures, prices & info for available rental homes, condos, and townhomes in zavalla, tx. Zillow has 2 homes for sale in zavalla tx matching boat storage view listing photos, review sales history, and use our detailed real estate filters to find the perfect place. Personal ads for zavalla, tx are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to zavalla, tx and are for ages 18+ of either sex. Zavalla tx demographics data with population from census shown with charts, graphs and text includes hispanic, race, citizenship, births and singles.
See what it's like to live in zavalla, tx explore reviews and statistics on crime, real estate, and cost of living. View photos, details, and schedule a showing for 330 concord hill rd, zavalla, tx 75980 - lhrmls-00353873 at lakehomescom, the best source for lake home real estate. Zavalla wic clinic, 936-637-7242, zavalla, tx 75980.
Searching for homes for sale in zavalla, tx find local real estate listings with century 21. Zavalla's best 100% free christian girls dating site meet thousands of single christian women in zavalla with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of christian women in. Meet zavalla singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in zavalla. Zavalla, tx real estate prices overview searching homes for sale in zavalla, tx has never been more convenient with point2 homes, you can easily browse through zavalla, tx single family. Browse our zavalla, tx single-family homes for sale view property photos and listing details of available homes on the market.
Unique home and property with income producing possibilities could be single family home or small rv park in town home is two years old and never lived in according to owner. 100% free online dating in zavalla 1,500,000 daily active members. Are you interested in information about zavalla homes for sale view our homes for sale in texas at re/max single family single family.
Golden state funk album's tracks/singles other albums by julio zavalla other popular albums released by julio zavalla golden state funk.
Rayburn realty is your realtor for the best in toledo bend, pineland, hemphill, milam, zavalla, lake sam rayburn for resort properties and single family.
Welcome to the Blog of David Clegg. I am a hard-core Delphi fan, so most of my posts will probably reflect this.
A few weeks back, my boss showed me a technique he uses when inserting a record into a FireBird table, which caters for the scenario that the record may already be there and therefore shouldn't be inserted. It was one of those simple yet elegant solutions, and I've been meaning to share it here. Well, I'm waiting for a data import process to finish, so I thought I'd take the time to finally do this.
The technique revolves around turning the concept of a left join on its head and using it to check for failure (i.e a null field value). Here is an example of what I'm talking about :-
I didn't think it needed to be said that this was a trivial example used to show this particular technique, which I can assure you does have merit in certain circumstances.
I hate this "trick", I'm sure a programmer debugging a problem in 2 years will not understand why this insert into select is used, and replace it with a normal insert ....
For those saying he could use a unique index or other mechanisms, it could be possible he wanted to insert a record and ensure its uniqueness WITHOUT raising an error. Why raise an exception if you can avoid it?
In regards to portability, maybe their product works only with Firebird/Interbase, and that's all they need. Maybe the SQL composed is a string returned from a function that takes a database vendor into account.
In regards to using count(*), that isn't optimal because you don't want the database to count each and every occurrence. You are only interested if there is AT LEAST 1. Better option would be using "not exists". A good server will bail out on the first occurrence of the exists being satisfied. Another option might be to join the table with itself. Would have to test that one. Third option would be to create a static table to take the place of RDB$Database. This static table would always contain just one row and be used for nothing other than for occasions like this.
Preventing an error from raising? Are you kidding me? You heard of exception blocks? To try and do the work that a RDMS does and not use the built-in functionality in regard to constraints is the worse thing someone can do, not to add what one of the other users said about it not being readable in 2 years down the road. This is a very good example of bad programming and hacking.
I don't know your boss or his skills so I can't make a judgement. However, what you've just shown is an awful way of handling the situation.
Well, this has turned out to be quite an interesting blog post. There have been agreements, disagreements and inaccurate assertions (and a little touch of irony, which I'll not bother pointing out for now ;-)).
Let me clarify a few things. We are fully aware of what database constraints are and how they can be applied to ensure data integrity. It goes without saying that armed with this knowledge we do use them when applicable.
As Kyle pointed out, performing an insert which would violate a unique constraint would result in an exception being raised. If we are running a script which could possibly be inserting a record which would violate a unique constraint, this is a condition known to us, so why would we not handle it, rather than allow the exception to be raised?
And SQL statements are not always run in contexts which allow conditional logic to be applied. This is one of the instances where the technique I outlined can be used.
But the best thing about this technique is that you don't have to use it. Period. We see it as another useful tool in our development toolbox, and as such apply it in situations where we deem it to be appropriate. You are 100% free to adopt it or ignore it as you see fit.
Firebird can handle exceptions, in or outside a SQL script. As for the method itself, you won't know if it's been inserted or not either since you don't know if the record exists from beforehand
But as I said in my last reply, having an existing record is not always an exception, and may actually be an expected condition. This technique assumes this, and handles that particular condition.
You don't always need to know. It is often sufficient to simply ensure the record is there at the end of the operation.
"I hate this "trick", I'm sure a programmer debugging a problem in 2 years will not understand why this insert into select is used, and replace it with a normal insert ...."
To be fair to Dave, he did say it was a trivial example. In scripted dml code it could be even more powerful and remove the reliance on rdb$database.
You want to make sure that each company in your database has a 'Test Branch 99', and you dont want to check each insert for success or failure?
In dml script code, there's no other way to do it. If a single company has a branch 99, then the entire statement fails (following the atomicity rules).
If you're programming with more control over the statement (as in you did it all in bite sized chunks with a check for "exists" at each record) thenh you're asking for a lot of round-trips to the server and back into your own code.
I meant to say, "if a single company ALREADY has a branch 99, then the enitre statement fails unless you use this trick"
Surely this type of code makes it easy to get a job done in a very short amount of time, and when the customers are paying for time, either from your boss, or you in his team, you are shooting yourself in the foot.
I applaud the elegance of the technique when applied to problem-solving, but you (and your boss) need to learn some business sense.
I've heard a rumour that Dave and his team have recently sold the source code to their system for over a million bucks.
I've followed b.p.n.t and as far as I can make out, Cleggy has been working on an ECO system, but then he went all quiet.
If he was selling Win32 stuff, he wouldn't have any where near enough built within this time to make a sale like that, and if he was doing ECO and .NET and had a sale like that we would have heard about it already about it.
AFAIK, his boss is some kind of weird character who lives in the bush and only comes out to say things like: "This is the way you will write code for a thread-safe linked list"
The man is truly weird. Think Hobbit, and you will get some kind of idea. (except he is a bit taller than a Hobbit).
Hey, I recently added a news widget from www.widgetmate.com to my blog. It shows the latest news, and just took a copy and paste to implement. Might interest you too.
There is the hoary old saying "the difficult we do at once, the impossible takes a little longer." We don't actually make this claim for ourselves but to a certain extent, the saying is true when it comes to research. Research can create new ways of doing things that were previously unknown. This can put you ahead of your competitors. It can let you achieve results that it is not possible for your competitors (unless they do research too).
Scholarly or scientific investigation aimed at discovering new facts or laws and the revision of accepted theories or laws in the light of new facts.
We are not motivated by "publish or perish" as academic researchers are. This means we can make our results exclusive to you. It also means more value for your money because we do not need to spend time polishing the results to publishable standard. All we care about is whether our research makes money for you. However, we are willing to publish and present our work on your behalf for marketing purposes if you wish.
(Note that we do not do market research although we are able to analyse and interpret market research data. We do not do stock research which is the research that stock analysts do though we do work with stock analysts. We do not do economics or social science research although we can research quantitative methods that can be applied to these areas.)
This is because we "understand" data. We have decades of experience working with data and have an intuitive feeling for what is real and what is not in the numbers. We understand randomness and noise. This means that we won't "torture" data until it reveals something that is not there. We will not overfit models. For example: we use cross-validation to test back-fitted models; we know when to use more than one random-effect term when fitting a regression line, we use a hypothesis-testing approach when data mining.
We are careful, skeptical, and even cynical when it comes to using models, especially when it comes to fitting financial models that beat the stock market. For example, we assume random walks until proven otherwise. We calculate confidence intervals for our estimated parameters. This gives you measurable safety in applying our results.
Our work can qualify for the New Zealand IRD 15% tax rebate for research. To qualify our work must include "R&D activities which are systematic, investigative and experimental. They either seek to resolve scientific or technological uncertainty or involve an appreciable element of novelty." For more information see the IRD page Research and development (R&D) tax credit.
We are an IRD Listed Research Provider for this purpose. This means that the minimum $20,000 R&D spend is waived if you spend it with us. And it means that we fulfil certain IRD criteria. For more information see the IRD page What are listed research providers?
Note that research in economics to the extent that it is a social science is excluded from eligibility for the tax rebate. Research to develop quantitative products that may be used in economics as a social science is eligible for the rebate.
Our work may qualify for grants from government bodies. For example, our work has qualified for grants from the Foundation for Research, Science and Technology (FRST).
homes for sale gainesville florida so looking for a house or apartment to rent in historic downtown.
horizon realty of inc fl properties, pl for sale fl,magnolia plantation bed and breakfast inn cottages , house for sale in fl investor,homes with pools for sale fl pool , fl real estate new listing street, fl single family homes for sale, homes for sale fl luxury o, artistic home builders in fl on additions inc,recently sold homes fl .
Our Reference Books category includes publications covering a wide range of topics of interest to musicians, music fans, collectors, and performing artists from some of the leading publishers and authors in the world.
© Copyright Mon Nov 12 14:24:42 CST 2018 Hal Leonard - All rights reserved. View our privacy policy.
On today's episode of Let There Be Talk, comedian Jason Gillearn stops by to celebrate the Seattle grunge music scene. We talk 'Mother Love Bone', Andrew Wood, and the birth of grunge.
To begin with the first factor that you will have to verify with the supplier is the amount of encounter he has in the area of marketing through natural SEO Dublin. Nicely you will have to make certain that the supplier is a well experienced one. This will help you rely on him for your function and you will not have to think a lot following hiring him for your venture. Consequently experience is the initial requirements of the provider of these solutions.What you need is to identify key phrases that will translate into customers. Each keyword experienced independent competitors and visitors potential, and you have to develop links to every of these key phrase pages. Identify key phrases will lesser competition however greater traffic possible. Start with nearby key phrases (nearby traffic), then country specific key phrases prior to you try for global keywords. As you attain achievement with each keyword (on web page #1 of search rankings) you will produce a funnel of visitors to your web site.White-hat SEO Dublin are long term solutions. It will take you months and at occasions years to get on to a good and convincing place on the search engines. But at the same time you will be certain that the outcome will be long long lasting. On the other hand in black hat services you will not take much time to attain the leading webpages of search motor. But these services are not at all lengthy lasting. You never know what will occur and your ranks will fall significantly. It is not at all reliable.There is one last factor to keep in mind. SEO is a moving goal, and you cannot use the techniques discovered last year this year and next. You should remain present and make sure you maintain your ear to the floor. Again, a good SEO services Dublin to assist you in this job and to maintain you knowledgeable by e-mail, RSS feeds and other resources to make sure you're always one stage forward.Whichever way you choose to get into SEO, it will be the most essential decision you will make with regards to your website. Much more traffic means much more potential customers, whilst much more customers imply much more revenue. So go ahead and begin doing SEO. You surely won't regret it.It is essential to figure out what all you want. You can lookup at the web and lookup for the services companies in this region. To begin with, look into the many years of experience the company has. The more experienced a business is, the more it is able of assembly with your anticipations. Also, many years of experience include to the expertise of the service supplier. The electronic media company helps you in creating your enterprise known to the world. In addition, assists you to entice the possible page regarding knitting clients.As a part of SEO services, the companies create a checklist of evaluation websites exactly where they interact with their consumer to know about their feedback and comments. This proves to be one of the easiest ways to produce awareness concerning your business and products in the masses.See how their SEO stacks up. If they know their stuff, they should be rating higher on Google. Type their name into a search motor. A good SEO services Dublin practices what they preach. You ought to discover articles, weblogs, and other web sites that hyperlink to them.With the introduction of technology, new opportunities are opened up all of the time. Smart telephones are some thing that assists enormously too. The web and mobile phones are a great location to make investments marketing because page regarding knitting this is turning into a way of lifestyle for individuals.The Super Strategy: As the name suggests this plan is exceptional to all the above stated ideas. More than and above the above outlined plans, It consists of Meta tags Optimization forty webpages and Total Minimum Links For each Week 1200. There are two SEO Sources Occupied for the venture. The price of Tremendous plan is $1199.Ranking on the search engines is extremely difficult to guarantee, and frequently occurs only from steady lengthy term attempts and hard work. It is not an instantaneous action and the only way you can probably guarantee it to occur quick is to use black hat and highly prohibited methods. These practices will most most likely direct to search engines penalizing your website by de-listing it from the lookup results. If such methods are utilized by your choice page regarding knitting Company, just to guarantee quick rankings, then you are at a higher danger of losing your SEO investment, time and your business if the website is dropped from these search engines.Link developing. The number of hyperlinks that point back again to your website will greatly influence the rankings of your webpages. Consequently, page regarding knitting companies will build back again hyperlinks consistently to your website. There are numerous hyperlink developing strategies and different companies may use different types of methods. Some efficient link developing services are article marketing, push release, weblog commenting, listing submission, and so on.
Ever since DJ Khaled's ridiculous snap trend earlier this year, the term "Major Key" has become almost an internet meme. He's taken social media by storm and he is not afraid to let you know. He pulled all of his amazing array of strings to assemble an impressive rogues gallery of some of the biggest names in the business to drop rhymes over his production.
fold down kitchen table down kitchen table on wall antique wooden tables with and chairs fold kitchen table.
All of these photographs of Wisconsin native moss species are courtesy of Lauren Hanson. Thanks, Lauren.
Filed Under: Picture This Tagged With: lichens, moss, native mosses, native Wisconsin mosses, woodland mosses
Deborah Silver is a landscape and garden designer whose firm, Deborah Silver and Co Inc, opened its doors in 1986. She opened Detroit Garden Works, a retail store devoted to fine and unusual garden ornament and specialty plants, in 1996. In 2004, she opened the Branch studio, a subsidiary of the landscape company which designs and manufactures garden ornament in a variety of media. Though her formal education is in English literature and biology, she worked as a fine artist in watercolor and pastel from 1972-1983. A job in a nursery, to help support herself as an artist in the early 80’s evolved into a career in landscape and garden design. Her landscape design and installation projects combine a thorough knowledge of horticulture with an artist’s eye for design. Her three companies provide a wide range of products and services to the serious gardener. She has been writing this journal style blog since April of 2009.
CHICAGO, January 10, 2018 — In recognition of 40 years of volunteer service in Latin America and his community in Texas, the American Dental Association (ADA) has selected Thomas Bobby Davis, DMD, as the 2018 ADA Humanitarian Award recipient. Davis, known to patients and friends around the world as “T. Bob,” will be honored at ADA 2018 – America’s Dental Meeting in Honolulu, Hawaii, from October 18-22.
The ADA Humanitarian Award annually recognizes one ADA member who has distinguished themselves by creating a legacy of improving the oral health of underserved populations in the United States and abroad. The award includes a $10,000 donation to the dental charity or project of the recipient’s choice.
Davis, who lives in Dallas, Texas, had been practicing for almost 10 years before he went on his first overseas humanitarian trip in 1977. In the nearly four decades that followed, he has brought more than 1,500 dental students, and about 500 dentists, to Mexico and Central America on dental humanitarian missions. Davis and his team helped people in and around Matamoros, Mexico, for more than 30 years before violence in the border town led Davis to look for another location. The group now travels to San Raymundo, Guatemala, where they treat its neediest populations.
The team’s sixth trip to San Raymundo in March 2017 was its most successful yet, according to Davis. The group included 16 dentists and 50 dental students — 21 from Texas A&M University College of Dentistry (Dallas) and 29 from The University of Texas School of Dentistry at Houston. They treated 820 people, delivering more than $329,000 worth of dental care.
Davis’ service has not been limited to Guatemala and Mexico. He has contributed to organizations such as the Academy of General Dentistry, the Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary and the Southern Baptist Convention. He has also volunteered at his church as a deacon, youth worker and pianist while using his dental expertise to treat children from low income households in Texas. In 2014, the Texas Academy of General Dentistry named him its Dentist of the Year.
NEWS ARCHIVES Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015
Here is the latest information on Under The Sink Cabinet This information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home. Do you like Under The Sink Cabinet may be your best option. Have House the According to by design we want, is dreams everyone.
Under The Sink Cabinet images are posted/uploaded by Deentight.com obtained from sources that are highly skilled in the field of design of houses and furniture. So you don't have to worry about with Deentight.com give this information simply upload a photo or image only. And this was the one who made the Deentight.com differ from other website. You can also find other references for the design of your home about Bathroom here. We do not just provide information about home design, but we also give you all the information you need to design your dream home. By giving the reference about the design of a bedroom, bathroom, living room, kitchen design, we also provide examples of furniture design that makes your home more better. Here we will continue to provide updated information on Under The Sink Cabinet so you can get the design on the like. And here's a list of fantastic images or photos from the Under The Sink Cabinet as part of a collection artmous a gallery of great ideas and useful.
Has any one used this befor? My papers got wet so it’s none readable I purchased it at local grow mark and they are about worthless when it comes to advise. I just mowed my clover/oats plots to be ready to plant my brassicas mix and some of the plots have some bad weeds in them. I was hoping to use this for them. Any help would be appreciated.
Will kill or at least set back your clovers depending if that is a problem for you. I've read some have used it instead of 2,4 Db which is safe on clovers and they had ok success. I've not done so.
I guess I don't understand its use, standalone, in ag crops unless there are broadleaf weeds it controls better than some of the other broadleaf herbicides. MCPA or its cousin, MCPP are most often mixed with 2,4-d and dicambia. The mixtures control and kill broadleaf weeds in combination better than each herbicide alone. I see those sorts of combinations used mostly post emergent on turf or in small grains. I looked at a few labels and all had the MCPA tank mixed with some other herbicide determined by the crop and the weeds needing controlled. It does persist in he soil and the half life is dependent on the soil organic matter content. Even so, and this is just my opinion, after 15 - 18 days most of it's effect is minimized. Again, just my opinion, I think you'd be better off using your MCPP in combination with something else. See above....
MCPA is used as an herbicide, generally as its salt or esterified forms. Used thus, it controls broadleaf weeds, including thistle and dock, in cereal crops and pasture. It is selective for plants with broad leaves, and this includes most deciduous trees. Clovers are tolerant at moderate application levels. It is currently classified as a restricted use pesticide in the United States. Its toxicity and biodegradation are topics of current research. One formulation is described by its manufacturer as "designed for specific markets that require the safest possible phenoxy product, primarily for use in the Pacific Northwest".[5] Though not extremely toxic,[6] it has recently been determined that MCPA can form complexes with metal ions and thereby increase their bioavailability,[7] though there is also work being done to utilize this ability.[8]
thanks for the info, This is what i get for only spending a few $1000 at local grow mark and ask what to use to help with weeds in clover field this is what I get... I bought two $200 bag of grass killer for at work used it didnt see any thing die. I called to ask about application and they said too busy just read the book. I think they are about as usefull as teets on a boarhog
Defence directory helps to find leading defence companies providing equipment, products and services to the defence industry in malaysia.
comprises numerous successful defence publications (magazines, reference publications and books) and maintains a highly selective online presence. Mönch was founded in 1956 by Mr. Jupp Mönch and on request of the German Ministry the company managed .
Defence Directory is to enable / facilitate the kwnoledge and exchange between defence companies in Malaysia.
Oct 2, mobile. Ffordes is asking anyone with information to come forward in an effort to retrieve the stolen equipment. Available Drivers 0 For certain products, a driver is necessary to enable the connection between your product and a computer. Fujifilm GFX 50R pre-production sample gallery. EOS integrated cleaning system. Portable, lightweight lenses designed exclusively for EOS M cameras.
You might also cahon Easy to use app for a great range of canon eos 500d prints, gifts and more. My Profile My Profile. Shedding some light on the sources of noise.
We demonstrate when you’ll encounter the effect so you can assess its importance for your photography. Canon eos 500d Image Stabilizer for nature, travel and sport. Oct 1, sample gallery. EFS 18 – 55mm IS zoom lens.
So what 500x Canon done to make this canon eos 500d model in the longest-established family in the sector live up to the edgy and exciting image implied by its US naming?
Sep 28, mobile. EOS integrated cleaning system. Skip to main content. As with other Batis offerings, the 40mm F2 has autofocus and is compatible with full-frame Sony E-mount cameras.
Ffordes is 050d anyone with information to come forward in an effort to retrieve the stolen canon eos 500d. We’ve put together our first impressions based on quality shooting time with a pre-production camera – check out what we’ve found.
I have a remote for my Cannon Canon eos 500d so should this work? Click through for a closer look. This unit has been tested minimally, to e What camera should I buy?
Committed to retaining its sales lead in numerous countries, Canon views its new EOS D as a strategically canon eos 500d product. New data for the Canon D and the Nikon D View All Camera Bags.
Shoot, share and sync with your smartphone. With a global DxOMark score of Hands-on with the new Laowa lens collection. Expert services to keep canon eos 500d oes working perfectly, enhance its imaging performance or repair it.
Would you recommend this product to a friend? Users of Apple’s new iPhone Xs and Xs Max report over-aggressive “beautification” and skin smoothing on front camera portraits.
Whether you’re hitting the beach in the Northern Hemisphere or the ski slopes in the Southern, a rugged compact camera makes a great companion. See price on Amazon.
Some first impressions in canon eos 500d preview. The two unit we have for sale are Canon factory refurbished units, canon eos 500d tested to ensure functionality of all components.
** Refers to % of students receiving some form of financial aid † Indicates school information is being used instead of campus information
It started as an attempt to tame the rough Kansas territory more than 150 years ago. It evolved into a comprehensive and highly respected university serving nearly 4,000 students across seven campuses in Kansas and Missouri.
Baker University was chartered on February 12, 1858. Named for Osmon Cleander Baker, a distinguished scholar and bishop of what is now the United Methodist Church, the school holds the honor of being the first university in Kansas.
Baker graduates have gone on to successful careers as writers, scientists, explorers, teachers, business professionals, performers, politicians, academicians, visionaries, trendsetters and more. Four graduates have been named Rhodes Scholars and one has earned a Pulitzer Prize.
Baker University has a rich history within intimate academic settings, filled with traditions, memories and landmarks. In fact, Baker’s Baldwin City campus has three buildings on the National Register of Historic Places.
Campus traditions†academic, professional and social†have evolved throughout Baker’s history. The University has faced adversity, prosperity, tragedy and joy, and through it all, Baker’s students and professors have retained a close-knit sense of community. The end result is a highly respected community of higher learning.
Degree Search is a free service that connects prospective students with accredited colleges & universities. Tell us about your interests and we’ll show you a list of matching schools that meet your needs. Request information from as many schools as you like.
Degreesearch.org provides higher-education, college and university, degree, program, career, salary, and other helpful information to students, faculty, institutions, and other internet audiences. Presented information and data are subject to change. Inclusion on this website does not imply or represent a direct relationship with the company, school, or brand. Information, though believed correct at time of publication, may not be correct, and no warranty is provided. Contact the schools to verify any information before relying on it. Financial aid may be available for those who qualify. The displayed options may include sponsored or recommended results, not necessarily based on your preferences.
United States Business Directory - Landscaping Services Category. Free Business Directory for US Residents, Professional, Responsive Directory.
Place your free business listing in our United States directory. This is a clean business directory to help businesses advertise and promote their products & services. Choose the right location to add your free business listing today!
If you are suddenly in need of a plumber in your home in or around Newfields, NH, contact Ondemand Plumbing immediately. Our plumbers are available around the clock. They are professional and reliable and will fix your plumbing problems quickly and efficiently. Ondemand Plumbing plumbers are just that, reliable! They offer full services for whatever your needs are in you home in the area of 03856. Contact Ondemand Plumbing plumbers if you have a plumbing problem of any kind regardless of what day of the week it is or what time of day it is. They give you emergency service when you need it. Is your toilet overflowing? Is your bathtub backed up? Did your sump pump stop working? Our plumbers will be there fully prepared to get the job done for you.
Ondemand Plumbing plumbers will be there when you need them. There is no need to fret and wait. They will come day or night, weekends or holidays prepared to help you in your emergency situation. You may have one of several plumbing problems in your home in or around Newfields, NH. When they happen suddenly, it is hard to know what to do. Ondemand Plumbing plumbers are friendly, fast, dependable and reliable no matter what your plumbing emergency entails. You may have a sewer backup, broken water heater, flooded basement, broken boiler or clogged kitchen sink. No emergency job in your home around the area of 03856 is too big or too small for Ondemand Plumbing plumbers. Contact them for your emergency plumbing problems and they’ll be on their way. They are also available for non-emergency plumbing as well.
I have always liked the makeup heroins do with red lipstick on. It instantly gives a old world classy look. But choosing the perfect red lipstick is tricky. Sometime it may make you look vampy. So I thought to give… Continue Reading →
The 40th Portland International Film Festival kicks off this week, and my friend Nick Bruno has curated an inspired program of independent films for his sidebar series PIFF After Dark. As the title cleverly implies, these are films that might best be described as "post-horror," with moody existential themes and artsy fartsy angst presiding (cue the digital filter that makes everything look like an overcast car commercial). The title also refers to the fact that these films don't get started until 10:30pm, which is an ideal time to poke yourself in the third eye while drinking beer in the dark. The razor blade party really gets started with a ghastly shudder on night two, Saturday February 11th, with Emiliano Rocha Minter's depraved and beautiful Tenemos La Carne, a.k.a. We Are The Flesh (2016), a post-apocalyptic atrocity exhibition of incest, necrophilia and cannibalism that is loosely strung together with sparse haiku-like subtitles. Something of an inverted parable of the Garden of Eden, this Mexican mindfuck features full penetration and a POV fellatio scene worthy of Jodorowsky that caused my penis to retract into my gut. For the less savage of heart, Without Name (2016) is a milder eldtritch fairytale set in a primeval Irish forest where the trees are decidedly not what they seem. Director Lorcan Finnegan's brooding mystery unfolds as if someone replaced the third reel of Hour of the Wolf with The Secret Life of Plants (sans Stevie Wonder), and exemplifies the sort of genre-bending experimentation that makes this entire series so fun. There hasn't been a better reason to wallow in the splendor of the Bagdad Theater in a long time. Buy your tickets and blow your mind!
A mine license is required to mine sand, gravel, rock to be crushed and used in construction, pegmatite minerals; and limestone, iron ore, sand, gypsum, or shale used to make cement or lime; or dredging for commercial resale. Mining of all other minerals requires a mining permit.
Landowners that mine sand and gravel for their own personal use and do not sell it are exempt from mine licensing requirements.
3. Publish a notice of intent to mine in a newspaper local to the mine at least 14 days prior to the commencement of mining;
4. At least 30 days prior to the commencement of mining, submit a copy of the notice of intent and a map of the mine site to the required government agencies; and
5. Submit a reclamation bond in the amount of $500 per acre of disturbed land or a $20,000 statewide reclamation surety.
The mine license will cover any number of sites. For additional sites, an operator only needs to publish a notice of intent, notify the four government agencies, and submit any additional reclamation surety. Units of state and local government are exempt from fee and bonding requirements.
Prior to the commencement of mining, an operator must submit a reclamation bond in the amount of $500 per acre of affected land. In lieu of submitting a reclamation bond for each operation, an operator may submit a $20,000 statewide reclamation surety to cover all operations throughout the state. Units of state and local government are exempt from bonding requirements.
The operator is required to file an annual report on the annual report date of the mine license set by the department. The department mails an annual report form for each licensed location to the operator about two months before the annual report date. The department also provides a map for each licensed location so that the operator can show the areas mined and reclaimed overall and since the last annual report date. The completed annual report contains the following information:
An annual fee of $100 is required for each privately operated mine site authorized under a mine license. To keep the process as simple as possible, a billing based on the number of mine sites authorized under your mine license for the previous year will be sent to you along with your annual mine license renewal material.
To download mine license application and other forms, please go to the mine license forms web page. If you cannot download the forms, please e-mail your name and address to Thomas Cline or Bret Graves and the forms will be sent to you.
To learn more about other permits that may be required for mine license operations, please go to the one stop permitting page. Also, the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) has additional requirements for mining operations in South Dakota. Please contact their district field office at (605) 348-2076 or check the MSHA web page at MSHA.GOV for more information.
We are delighted to announce we have been awarded the LoTC quality mark. Thank you to Rachel and the team who have worked very hard to make this happen. We always knew we offered quality visits to the farm but now LoTC agree! Yippee!!
Simply click the dimensions down below to download a ZIP file made up of templates for that measurement in both horizontal and vertical orientation:
To print vinyl banner models, simply add your artwork, or use our layout Resource. It's also possible to use our banner template indicators in each horizontal and vertical orientations making sure that your artwork is while in the Safe and sound zone and that every one bleeds and trims are accounted for.
Action & Repeat nine oz. polyester fabric by having an simple to assemble body that makes the best backdrop for almost any setting
Nearby pickup can also be available in the Los Angeles place. Customer support Have a question or will need aid placing an get? We're here that will help! Our printing specialists can be found 24 several hours a day Monday-Friday and from 8am-5pm PST on weekends! Eco Friendliness Safeguarding the surroundings, our buyers and our staff members is one of our greatest considerations. To achieve this we use vegetable dependent inks with very low VOC emissions and offer paper options that have around fifty five% postconsumer recycled content. File Inspection Obtain your documents proofed and checked for glitches with out having to pay a cent. We're so confident in the quality of our printing that we offer a hundred% absolutely free proofing. No buy dedication or credit card is necessary!
You can also make your banners with printing on a single aspect or each side. We even have read what he said grommet and pole pockets choices for straightforward set up. Choose from different measurements up to ten' x 5'.
Write-up three I employed to work in printing, and although duplex banners are achievable, These are difficult to do and value a good deal. Honestly, the several periods we did duplex banners, we did what seag47 suggested, and glued them jointly.
Pole Banners Personalized pole banners with pole pockets plus a hardware kit ideal for advertising and marketing occasions and holiday seasons
Vinyl Lettering Pre-masked with transfer tape for easy set up, layout your lettering currently in a number of fonts and colours
Boat Lettering Pre-masked and pre-spaced adhesive navigate here vinyl that installs in minutes and is also perfect for your boat's lettering desires
Make changes/additions/deletions on the report down below, and one of our editors will publish your suggestions if warranted.
Banner printing is a form of poster printing, also referred to as broad-format printing or massive-format printing, accustomed to make banners for a wide array of consumers. Huge printers referred to as vast-format printers are utilized to print on many banner mediums.
Require an outside find out this here selection? Extensive-Long lasting mesh banners are made of polyester that allows wind move right by.
Banner printing typically employs distinct paper kinds, features a much larger dimension than regular printing, could possibly be printed one particular- or two-sided and is also created for use either inside of or exterior.
Breakaway 13-ounce vinyl banner product of two items connected with a Centre velcro strip. Features pole pockets on Just about every conclude to insert assist poles
If you're seeking a certain kind of product for the ten' x ten' trade show booth, you may phone or chat with certainly one of our industry experts and they will aid immediate you to definitely the very best solutions We've got readily available.
For more than 45 years, Nimlok has intended and manufactured Resourceful, leading-excellent trade show displays, displays and environments that allow exhibitors to have interaction their consumers in ways in which are genuinely distinctive. Nimlok is often a premier trade show show answers company that delivers Artistic shows tailored to exhibitors’ precise wants all around the globe. Nimlok’s unique and pro supplier community serves clients by using a entire spectrum and expansive number of show style and Show answers, graphics and connected trade show and celebration services. From a little meeting to a sizable convention, Nimlok dealers perform to be familiar with client trade show and occasion wants and afterwards establish a finances and branding application that bring about thriving functions that provide a great return on expense.
If you don't see That which you are trying to find, be sure to Make contact with us. There is a fantastic possibility that exact merchandise will be the very upcoming item additional to our catalog. Pop Up Shows Lightweight, remarkably portable and rapid to build time can make pop up shows several of the most popular displays out there. View All
When you are a human and therefore are looking at this industry, remember to go away it blank. Fields marked with the * are essential
On the lookout for inspiration on your subsequent exhibit? Search our portfolio to look through over 1,000 custom made and custom made modular trade show displays inside our custom show search portfolio. From tiny 10’ x 10’ exhibits to scalable and reconfigurable exhibits to massive island reveals and further than, Nimlok designs and builds a wide range of ground breaking custom show solutions. When developing and building a customized or customized modular trade show exhibit, qualified Nimlok sellers perform one particular-on-just one with purchasers to be familiar with their exhibiting requires, as well as timeframe and budget.
Media connectivity: Pondering including a online video or interactive component for your Screen? Lots of goods have created-in components to aid displays, tablets and lights — getting something which's now set up for it will save you the expenditure of purchasing components independently.
Customization - Whether you’re putting together a vendor table for your meeting or a 10 x 10 show Show booth at a considerable trade expo, we provide customized printed trade show displays For lots of of our goods. Make an announcement that click here for info has a custom pop up backwall or perhaps a branded table deal with or perhaps a custom-made banner stand. Finances Helpful - We feel that can you continue to get cheap trade show displays that happen to be also high quality.
These tailor made trade show show shows originate from our Custom Display design and style crew who will gladly aid you in producing a novel show display that could perfectly match all of your company’s needs.
A sexy trade show booth Exhibit also lets you have close interaction with prospective buyers inside a relaxed, informal, non-threatening fashion. A perfectly-created Conference Screen will pique your prospective buyers’ normal curiosity — they’ll need to approach you to question questions and Get extra details about what You should provide. Then it’s your choice to put your robust income and folks techniques to operate!
Want enable developing the ideal structure? Our in-house graphic design and style crew can set with each other an first, eye-catching 10x10 trade show Exhibit that could make your booth jump out from the gang.
Our aim is to make it uncomplicated for exhibitors like you to get ready on your next function and provides you your very best shot at good results. We try to look for options being a blessing to our customers and eradicate stress and anxiety and tension where ever we could together just how.
A trade show or other business party is your possibility to get your enterprise to the next stage. No matter whether you are a Fortune 500 business at the best of the business or simply a more compact, unbiased firm in the process of generating a name on your own, you can find constantly room to improve.
Ruud Belmans, the creator of the displayed project Award Winning Oscar Opticiens Optician spells out, Grenoble based optician Oscar annexed the neighbouring building and extended their range of standard glasses with sunglasses. The duality of standard and sunglasses and also of the old and new part of the building inspired us to start playing with blurred boundaries and overlapping divisions between the two spaces, with angular coloured surfaces establishing a dynamic and playful basis.. The shop’s eye-catcher is a large graphic, entirely shaped by sunglasses affixed in holes in the metal wall. The image can be altered into any imaginable design, depending on where the sunglasses are placed..
Which Advertising and Communicative Materials to Distribute in a Trade Fair? What Is Kept and What Is Thrown?
An applicant becomes a Independent Sales Representative (“Independent Sales Representative”) of Design0022 when the applicant's completed Application and Agreement has been received and accepted by the Company, by Internet or by mail, at its Home Office. Company reserves the right to decline any Agreement for any reason, at its sole discretion.
Independent Sales Representative uses his/her best effort to promote and sell products and services of Company to consumers pursuant to the Agreement contained within these Policies and Procedures and Terms and Conditions. In doing so, Independent Sales Representative will maintain the high standards of honesty, and integrity and business ethics when dealing with Consumers, Company or other Company Independent Sales Representatives.
Independent Sales Representatives are authorized to sell Company products and services and to participate in the Independent Sales Representative Compensation Plan. Independent Sales Representatives may sponsor new Independent Sales Representatives.
Independent Sales Representatives must be of legal age in the state / province / country of their residence.
When a couple sharing Independent Sales Representative entity divorces or separates, Company will continue to pay commission checks in the same manner as before the di­vorce or separation until it receives written notice signed by both parties or a court decree which specifies how future commission checks should be paid, provided and if applicable, the couple has complied with the require­ments of Section 5.03.
Corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies or other forms of business organizations or trusts may become Independent Sales Representatives of Company when the Agreement is accompanied by a federal ID number.
Shareholders, directors, officers, partners, members, beneficiaries and trustees, as applicable of Independent Sales Representative entity must agree to hold such title, and Company will hold each personally liable and bound by the Agreement and these Policies and Procedures and Terms and Conditions.
A person or entity may not apply as Independent Sales Representative using a fictitious or assumed name.
Independent Sales Representatives are Independent Contractors responsible for determining their own activities without direction or control by Company. They are not franchisees, joint venture, partners, employees or agents of Company and are prohibited from stating or implying, whether orally or in writing, otherwise. Independent Sales Representatives have no authority to bind Company to any obligation. Company is not responsible for pay­ment or co-payment of any employee benefits. Independent Sales Representatives are responsible for liability, health disability and worker's compensation insurance. Independent Sales Representatives set their own hours and determine how to conduct business, subject to Company Agreement, the Policies and Procedures and Terms and Conditions.
As Independent Contractors, Independent Sales Representatives will not be treated as franchi­sees, owners, employees or agents of Company for federal or state tax purposes including, with respect to the Internal Revenue Code, Social Security Act, federal unemployment act, state unemployment acts or any other federal, state, or local statute, ordinance, rule or regulation. At the end of each calen­dar year, Company will issue to each Independent Sales Representative an IRS Form 1099, as required by law, or other applicable documentation for non-employee compensation as a Independent Sales Representative.
Independent Sales Representatives are required by federal law to obtain a Social Security num­ber or Federal ID number. Independent Sales Representatives will be identified by this number, or a company assigned number, for purposes of Company's business. The Independent Sales Representative Identification Number must be placed on all orders and correspondence with the Company.
Independent Sales Representatives must comply with all federal, state and local statutes, regula­tions and ordinances concerning the operation of their business. Independent Sales Representatives are responsible for their own managerial decisions and expenditures in­cluding all estimated income and self-employment taxes.
No franchise is granted and there are no exclusive territories for sales or sponsoring purposes. No geographical limitations exist on spon­soring or selling within the United States; provided, however, that Company re­serves the right not to sell product or services or contract with Independent Sales Representatives in specified states / provinces within United States.
Subject to the terms of Section 4.01, the Agreement shall have a term which shall begin on the date of acceptance by Company and end one year from the date thereof (the “Anniversary Date”).
Independent Sales Representatives must renew annually, on the Anniversary Date and Independent Sales Representative has the right to decline to accept any renewal at its sole discretion. Company may require that Independent Sales Representatives execute a new Agreement upon renewal. Independent Sales Representatives not renewing by the renewal date shall be deemed to have voluntarily terminated their Independent Sales Representative rela­tionship with Company, and thereby lose their Independent Sales Representative entity, all sponsorship rights, their position in the Compensation Plan and all rights to com­missions and bonuses. Independent Sales Representatives who fail to renew their Independent Sales Representative sta­tus may not reapply under a new sponsor for three (3) months after non-renewal.
Independent Sales Representatives may sponsor other Independent Sales Representatives into Company's business. Independent Sales Representatives must ensure that each potential new Independent Sales Representative has reviewed and has had access to the current Policies and Procedures, Terms and Conditions and Com­pensation Plan prior to or when giving the individual an Agreement.
If an applicant submits multiple Independent Sales Representatives which list different spon­sors, only the first completed Agreement received by Company will be ac­epted.
A Sponsor must maintain an ongoing professional leadership association with Independent Sales Representatives in his or her organization and must fulfill the obligation of performing a bona fide supervisory or sales function in the sale or delivery of products and services.
Independent Sales Representatives must truthfully and fairly describe the Compensation Plan. No past, potential or actual income claims may be made to prospective Independent Sales Representatives, nor may Independent Sales Representatives use their own incomes as indications of the success assured to others. Commission checks may not be used as mar­keting materials. Independent Sales Representatives may not guarantee commissions or estimate expenses to prospects.
The company does not permit the transfer of sponsors. Network Marketing is a business of creating relationships. Once a Independent Sales Representative is sponsored, the company believes in maximum protection of that relationship. The only exception is upon prior written ap­proval of Company to correct ethical violations as determined at the sole discre­tion of Company.
Independent Sales Representative may not sponsor, or attempt to sponsor, any non personally sponsored independent sales representatives in any other Network Marketing Company. In addition, no Independent Sales Representative may participate in any action that causes another Independent Sales Representative to be sponsored through someone else into another network marketing company.
a) Independent Sales Representative may voluntarily terminate his or her Independent Sales Representative status by failing to renew or by sending thirty (30) days written notice of such resignation or termination to Company. Voluntary resignation is effective upon receipt of such notice by Company.
b) Independent Sales Representative who resigns or terminates their Independent Sales Representative status may reapply as Independent Sales Representative, three (3) months after resignation.
Independent Sales Representative may be suspended for violating the terms of his or her Agree­ment, which includes these Policies and Procedures, the Terms and Conditions and the Compensation Plan and other documents produced by Company. When a decision is made to sus­pend Independent Sales Representative, Company will inform the Independent Sales Representative in writing that the sus­pension has occurred effective as of the date of the written notification, the reason for the suspension and the steps necessary to remove such suspen­sion (if any). The suspension notice will be sent to the Independent Sales Representatives “address on file” pursuant to the notice provisions contained in the Policies and Procedures and Terms and Conditions. Such suspension may or may not lead to termination of the Independent Sales Representative as so determined by Company at its sole discretion. If the Independent Sales Representative wishes to appeal, Company must receive such appeal in writing within fifteen (15) days from the date of the suspension notice. Company will re­view and consider the suspension and notify the Independent Sales Representative in writing of its decision within thirty (30) days from the date of the suspension notice. The decision of Company will be final and subject to no further review. Company may take certain action during the suspension period, including, but not limited to, the following:
a) Prohibiting the Independent Sales Representative from holding himself or herself as Independent Sales Representative or using any of Company's proprietary marks and/or materials;
b) Withholding commissions and bonuses that are due the Independent Sales Representative during the suspension period;
c) Prohibiting the Independent Sales Representative from purchasing services and products from Company; and/or;
d) Prohibiting the Independent Sales Representative from sponsoring new Independent Sales Representatives, con­tacting current Independent Sales Representatives or attending meetings of Independent Sales Representatives.
If Company, at its sole discretion, determines that the violation which caused the suspension is continuing, and has not satisfactorily been resolved or a new violation involving the suspended Independent Sales Representative has occurred, the suspended Independent Sales Representative may be terminated.
Independent Sales Representative may be immediately terminated for violating the terms of his or her Agreement, which includes these Poli­cies and Procedures, Terms and Conditions and the Compensation Plan and other documents produced by Company upon written notice. Company may terminate a violating Independent Sales Representative with­out placing the Independent Sales Representative on suspension, at Company's sole discretion. When the decision is made to terminate Independent Sales Representative, Company will inform the Independent Sales Representative in writing at the address in the Independent Sales Representative's file that the termination has occurred.
If Independent Sales Representative wishes to appeal the termination, Company must receive the appeal in writing within fifteen (15) days from the date of notice of termina­tion. If no appeal is received within the fifteen (15) day period, the termina­tion will automatically be deemed final. If Independent Sales Representative files a timely notice of appeal, Company will review the appeal and notify the Independent Sales Representative of its deci­sion within ten (10) days after receipt of the appeal. The decision of Company will be final and subject to no further review. In the event the termination is not rescinded, the termination will remain effective as of the date stated in the original termination notice.
a) Must remove and permanently discontinue the use of the trademarks, service marks, trade names and any signs, labels, stationary or advertising referring to or relating to any product, plan or program of Company.
c) Loses all rights to his or her Independent Sales Representative position in the Com­pensation Plan and to all future commissions and earnings resulting there­from;
d) Must take all action reasonably required by Company relating to protection of Company's confidential information. Company has the right to offset any amounts owed by Independent Sales Representative to Company including, without limitation, any indemnity obligation incurred pursuant to Section 11.01 herein, from commissions or other compensation due to the Independent Sales Representative.
The acceptance of any reapplication of a terminated Independent Sales Representative or the application of any family member of a terminated Independent Sales Representative shall be at the sole discretion of Company and can be denied.
Where state laws on termination are inconsistent with this policy, the applicable state law shall apply.
Any Independent Sales Representative desiring to acquire an interest in another Independent Sales Representative's business must first terminate his or her Independent Sales Representative status and wait three (3) months before becoming eligible for such a purchase. All such transactions must be fully disclosed and must be approved by Company in advance.
Except as expressly set forth herein, Independent Sales Representative may not sell, assign or otherwise transfer his or her Independent Sales Representative entity (or rights thereof) to another Independent Sales Representative or to an individual which has an interest in Independent Sales Representative entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Independent Sales Representative may transfer his or her Independent Sales Representative entity to his or her sponsor, subject to the conditions of Section 5.03. In such an event, the sponsor's entity and the transferring Independent Sales Representatives entity shall be merged into one entity.
Independent Sales Representatives may not sell, assign, merge or transfer his or her Independent Sales Representative entity (or rights thereto) without the prior written approval of Company and com­pliance with the following conditions:
a) Company possesses the right of first refusal with respect to any sale, assign­ment, transfer or merger of any Independent Sales Representative entity. Independent Sales Representative wishing to sell, assign, transfer or merge his or her Independent Sales Representative entity must first provide Company with the right and option to make such a purchase or receive such transfer in writing on the same terms and conditions as any outstanding or intended offer. Company will advise the Independent Sales Representative within ten (10) business days after re­ceipt of such notice of its decision to accept or reject the offer. If Company fails to respond within the ten (10) day period or declines such offer, the Independent Sales Representative may make the same offer or accept any outstanding offer which is on the same terms and conditions as the offer to Company to any person or entity who is not Independent Sales Representative, married to, or a dependent of Independent Sales Representative or who has any interest in Independent Sales Representative;
b) The selling Independent Sales Representative must provide Company with a copy of all documents which detail the transfer, including, without limitation, the name of the pur­chaser, the purchase price and terms of purchase and payment;
d) The documents must contain a covenant made by the selling Independent Sales Representative for the benefit of the proposed purchaser not to compete with the purchaser or attempt to divert or sponsor any existing Independent Sales Representative for a pe­riod of one (1) year from the date of the sale or transfer;
e) Upon a sale, transfer or assignment being approved in writing by Company, the buying Independent Sales Representative must assume the position and terms of agreement of the selling Independent Sales Representative and must execute a current Agreement and all such other documents as required by Company; and
f) Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to stipulate additional terms and conditions prior to approval of any proposed sale or transfer. Company re­serves the right to disapprove any sale or transfer, where allowed by law.
If it is determined, at Company's sole discretion, that Independent Sales Representative entity was transferred in an effort to circumvent compliance with the Agreement, the Policies and Procedures, Terms and Conditions or the Compensation Plan, the transfer will be de­clared null and void. The Independent Sales Representative entity will revert back to the transfer­ring Independent Sales Representative, who will be treated as if the transfer had never occurred from the reversion day forward. If necessary and at Company's sole discretion, ap­propriate action, including, without limitation, termination, may be taken against the transferring Independent Sales Representative to ensure compliance with the Policies and Procedures and Terms and Conditions.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section, upon the death of Independent Sales Representative, the Independent Sales Representativeship will pass to his or her successors in interest as provided by law. However, Company will not recognize such a trans­fer until the successor in interest has executed a current Agreement and submitted certified copies of the death certificate, will, trust or other instru­ment required by Company. The successor will thereafter be entitled to all the rights and be subject to all the obligations of a Company Independent Sales Representative.
Any Independent Sales Representative who transfers his or her Independent Sales Representativeship must wait for three (3) months after the effective date of such transfer before becoming eligible to reapply to become a Independent Sales Representative.
During the term of the Agreement, Company may supply to Independent Sales Representatives con­fidential information, including, but not limited to genealogical and Downline reports, customer lists, customer information developed by Company or devel­oped for and on behalf of Company by Independent Sales Representatives (including, but not limited to, credit data, customer and Independent Sales Representative profiles and product purchase infor­mation), Independent Sales Representative lists, manufacturer and supplier information, business reports, commission or sales reports and such other financial and business information which Company may designate as confidential. All such information (whether in written or electronic format) is proprietary and confidential to Company and is transmitted to Independent Sales Representatives in strictest confidence on a “need to know” basis for use solely in Independent Sales Representatives business with Company. Independent Sales Representatives must use their best efforts to keep such information confidential and must not dis­close any such information to any third party, or use this information for any non-company activity directly or indirectly while a independent sales representative and thereafter.
Independent Sales Representatives must not use the information to compete with Company or for any purpose other than promoting Company's program and its products and services. Upon expiration, non-renewal or termination of the Agreement, Independent Sales Representatives must discontinue the use of such confidential information and promptly return any confidential information in their possession to Company.
With respect to product purchases from Company, Independent Sales Representatives must abide by all manufacturers' use restrictions and copyright protections.
Company's business relationships with its vendors, manufacturers and suppli­ers are confidential. Independent Sales Representatives must not contact, directly or indirectly, or speak to, or communicate with any supplier or manufacturer of Company except at Company sponsored events at which the supplier or manufacturer is present at the request of Company.
Companies name trademarks, service marks and copyrighted materials are owned by the Company. The use of such marks and materials must be in strict compli­ance with these Policies and Procedures.
Only the promotional and advertising materials produced by Company or ap­proved in advance in writing by Company may be used to advertise or promote a Independent Sales Representative's business or to sell products and services of Company. Company's litera­ture and materials may not be duplicated or reprinted without the prior written permission.
Independent Sales Representatives may use the name of Company only in the following format: “Independent Independent Sales Representative for Design0022”.
Independent Sales Representatives are not permitted to “create” their own stationery, business cards or letterhead graphics, if Company's trade name or trademarks are used. Only the approved Company's graphics version and wording are permitted; letterhead, envelopes and business cards must be ordered using the online/stationery order form.
Independent Sales Representatives may not advertise or promote their Independent Sales Representative business or Company's business, products or marketing plan or use Company's name in any elec­tronic media or transmission, including on the Internet via web sites or oth­erwise, without the prior written approval of Company's legal department.
Independent Sales Representatives are not permitted to use Company's trade name in advertising their telephone and telecopy numbers in the white or yellow page sections of the telephone book. Independent Sales Representatives are not permitted to list their telephone num­bers under Company's trade name without first obtaining Company's prior written ap­proval. If approval is granted for an “800” listing, it must be stated in the following manner: “Independent Independent Sales Representative for Company”.
Independent Sales Representatives may not answer the telephone by saying “Design0022,” or in any other manner that would lead the caller to believe that he or she has reached the offices of the Company.
Independent Sales Representatives are not permitted to use Company trade name or any of its trade­marks or service marks on their business or personal checking accounts.
Independent Sales Representatives are prohibited from granting radio, television, newspaper tab­loid or magazine interviews or using public appearances, public speaking engagements, or making any type of statement to the public media to pub­licize the Company, its products or Company businesses, without the express prior written approval of Company. All media inquires should be in writing and referred to Company's corporate office, legal department.
No endorsements by a Company officer or administrator or third party may be asserted, except as expressly communicated in Company literature and com­munications. Federal and state regulatory agencies do not approve or en­dorse direct selling programs. Therefore, Independent Sales Representatives may not represent or imply, directly or indirectly, that Company's programs, products or services have been approved or endorsed by any governmental agency.
Independent Sales Representatives may not produce or reproduce for sale or personal use prod­ucts sold by Company or any Company-produced literature, audio or video material, pre­sentations, events or speeches, including conference calls. Video and/or au­dio taping of Company meetings and conferences is strictly prohibited.
Independent Sales Representatives, as Independent Contractors, are encouraged to distribute information and direction to their respective Downlines. However Independent Sales Representatives must identify and distinguish between personal communications and the official communications of Company.
Commissions and other compensation cannot be paid until a completed Agreement has been received and accepted by Company. Commissions are paid ONLY on the sale of Company services and products. No commissions are paid on the purchase of Sales materials or for Sponsoring Independent Sales Representatives. In order to receive commissions on products and services sold, Company must have received and accepted an Agreement prior to the end of the commission period in which the sale is made.
A business period refers to the time period opening on the first (1st) day of the commission period and extending up until order entry closes on the last business day of the period (5:00 p.m.). Company offices are open Monday through Friday 9 a.m.-6 p.m., with the exception of certain holidays as posted by Company.
Commissions are paid to “qualified” Independent Sales Representatives as defined within the Compensation Plan. Independent Sales Representatives must consult the Compensation Plan for a detailed explanation of the benefits, commission structure and require­ments of the Compensation Plan.
Any commissions or bonuses earned and paid on products returned is the obligation of and must be repaid to Company by Independent Sales Representatives earning such commissions. Company has the right to offset such amounts against future com­missions and other compensation paid or owed to such Independent Sales Representatives who received commissions.
The success of Company depends on retail sales to the ultimate consumer; there­fore all forms of stockpiling are prohibited. Company recognizes that Independent Sales Representatives may wish to purchase certain products for their own use. However, Company strictly prohibits the purchase of products in unreasonable amounts and prohibits the purchase of products only or primarily to qualify for compensation.
Independent Sales Representatives must save a copy of the Retail Sales Slip given to retail customers; receipt shall be fully completed and in­clude the name, address and phone number of each retail customer and, upon request by Company, provide copies of such receipts to Company. If Company deter­mines that retail sales were not actually made, the Independent Sales Representative must repay Company all commissions earned during the calendar period in which the retail sales were to have been made.
In order to receive commissions and overrides, Independent Sales Representatives must certify on each product order form that they have sold over seventy percent (70%) in dollar value of all products and commissionable services previously purchased by the Independent Sales Representative at wholesale from the company, to Non-Independent Sales Representative consumers. Independent Sales Representatives shall maintain retail sales records available to the company for inspected on request.
All orders submitted to Company shall have the Independent Sales Representative Identification Num­ber placed thereon to assist Company in crediting the appropriate Independent Sales Representative.
Purchases may be paid by cashier's check, ACH, debit card, money order, or major credit card. The Independent Sales Representative and retail customers are responsible for paying the costs of any returned checks plus an administrative fee charged by Company, which fee may change at any time based on past payment history of the customer. If an underpayment is made, the order will not be processed until the full amount is received by Company. If an overpayment is made, Company will process the order and issue a credit to Independent Sales Representative's account, which will automatically refund on the next commission check paid to Independent Sales Representative. Orders will not be processed if cancellation of a credit card is made. Orders for products are not effective until accepted by Company. To expedite shipping, Independent Sales Representatives may authorize Company to keep a valid credit card on file as security for payment. Overdue amounts will accrue interest at the annual rate of 18% or at a high­er if permitted by law.
Subject to availability all products will be shipped by UPS or other similar service within ap­proximately three (3) business days of receipt of payment. Payment for prod­ucts shall be made at time of order. At Independent Sales Representative's option, the prod­uct may be shipped to a customer's designated “Ship-To address”, or to the Independent Sales Representative.
Company will expeditiously ship all products currently in stock. Any out-of-stock items (unless discontinued) will be placed on back order and dis­tributed upon Company receiving additional inventory. Independent Sales Representative will be charged and granted commissions on back ordered items once they are shipped unless notified of the discontinuance of such product. Back orders may be cancelled upon Independent Sales Representative's request and will create a credit on the Independent Sales Representative's account.
The shipping company is responsible for any damage that occurs after it takes physical custody of the products. A Independent Sales Representative who receives damaged goods should follow this procedure:
b) Before the driver leaves, document on the delivery receipt the num­ber of boxes which seem to be damaged and have the driver acknowledge the damage in writing;
d) Make an appointment with the shipping company to have the dam­aged goods inspected, and call the Company Customer Service Department.
In the event Independent Sales Representative or a consumer does not receive a prod­uct order from Company in a timely fashion, the individual should contact the Sales Department at Design0022.
Should Independent Sales Representative refuse delivery on any order he or she has placed with Company and such product is subsequently returned to Company; Company shall have the right to place that Independent Sales Representative on suspension pending resolution of the refusal of delivery. Neither Independent Sales Representative nor a consumer shall refuse any ship­ment from Company unless prior approval of Company has been obtained.
Company will furnish Independent Sales Representatives with a discount from its published retail prices in its then current consumer catalog or order form in accordance with its policies. This discount does not apply to literature, business aids, gifts or special promotional items. Prices for Company's products, services and literature are subject to change without prior notice.
Independent Sales Representatives must provide all retail purchasers of Company's products with writ­ten receipts.
All promotional items which bear Company name or logo must be purchased solely from Company unless prior written permission is obtained from Company.
Company may collect sales tax on taxable items. Independent Sales Representatives may be responsible to collect and remit sales tax on personal retail sales to the appropriate tax agencies.
The integrity of Company's marketing plan is built upon person-to-person, one-on-one and in-home presentation methods of sale. Company's products may not be sold to or displayed by any retail outlet, including, but not limited to supermarkets or food stores, flea markets or swap meets, permanent restau­rant displays, bars or night clubs or any such similar establishment, conve­nience stores or gas stations.
Independent Sales Representatives may make no claim, representation or warranty concerning any product or service of Company, except those expressly approved in writing by Company or contained in official Company materials.
Independent Sales Representative offers a thirty (30) day, 100% money-back, and satisfaction guarantee to all retail customers. If a retail customer is dissatisfied with any product for any reason, then the retail customer may return that product in its origi­nal package and shipping container to the Independent Sales Representative who sold the product within thirty (30) days of purchase, for either replacement or a full refund of the purchase price. All other warranties and guarantees are disclaimed.
Except as expressly stated herein, Company makes no warranty or representa­tion as to the merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, workmanship or any other warranty concerning any product or service purchased from or through Company.
To return products you must obtain a return merchandise authorization (RMA) and return the products within 7 days after you receive the RMA. Company will refund the original purchase price of products, and related sales taxes. SHIPPING & HANDLING FEES ARE NOT REFUNDABLE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PRODUCTS UNTIL Company RECEIVES THEM. YOU WILL BE CHARGED A RESTOCKING FEE OF 10% TO RETURN PRODUCTS. Returned products must be in the same condition as you received them. THIS RETURN POLICY IS NOT A WARRANTY.
NOTE: Company will not accept for return any products you purchased from a Reseller. In order to properly process a refund or exchange, Independent Sales Representatives must fol­low the steps and conditions set forth below:
Independent Sales Representative request for refund may, at company's option, be treated as a termination of the Independent Sales Representativeship.
Federal law grants a buyer the right to cancel certain sales without penalty prior to midnight of the third business day after the transaction. This rule covers retail consumer sales of $25.00 or more that occur away from the seller's main office. Independent Sales Representatives must orally inform the buyer of the three-day right to cancel at the time the buyer purchases the goods and deliver 2 three-day cancellation notices to every customer.
Each and every Independent Sales Representative agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Company, its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents and successors in in­terest from and against any claim, demand, liability, loss, cost or expense including, but not limited to, court costs and attorneys' fees, asserted against or suffered or incurred by any of them, directly or indirectly arising out of or in any way related to or connected with allegedly or otherwise, the Independent Sales Representatives (a) activities as Independent Sales Representative; (b) breach of the terms of the Agreement; and/or (c) violation of or failure to comply with any applicable federal, state or local law or regulation.
Company reserves the right to institute a processing charge for commission checks and/or genealogy requests.
Independent Sales Representatives may not promote or sell another company's products or ser­vices at functions organized to feature Company's products. Independent Sales Representatives are not restricted from selling other company's services and products which are not similar to or competitive with the products and services of Company. How­ever promotion of competitive services, products and/or business programs with anyone, including Independent Sales Representatives, is strictly prohibited.
To the extent permitted by law, Company shall not be liable for, and each Independent Sales Representative releases Company from, and waives all claims for any loss of profits, indi­rect, direct, special or consequential damages or any other loss incurred or suffered by Independent Sales Representative as a result of (a) the breach by Independent Sales Representative of the Agreement and/or the Terms and Conditions and/or the Policies and Procedures; (b) the operation of Independent Sales Representative's business; (c) any incorrect or wrong data or information provided by Independent Sales Representative; or (d) the failure to provide any information or data necessary for Company to operate its business, including, with­out limitation, the enrollment and acceptance of Independent Sales Representative into the Com­pensation Plan or the payment of commissions and bonuses.
Company encourages all Independent Sales Representatives to keep complete and accurate records of all their business dealings.
Company shall not be responsible for delays or failure in performance caused by circumstances beyond a party's control, such as but not limited to: fire, flood, earthquake, storm, power outages, labor difficulties, strikes, war, government decrees or orders and/or curtailment of a party's usual source of supply.
It is the obligation of every Independent Sales Representative to abide by and maintain the in­tegrity of the Policies and Procedures and Terms and Conditions. If Independent Sales Representative observes another Independent Sales Representative committing a violation, he or she should discuss the violation di­rectly with the violating Independent Sales Representative. If the Independent Sales Representative wishes to report such violation to Company, he or she must detail violations in writing only and mark the correspondence “Attention: Legal Department”.
Company reserves the right to amend the Agreement, Policies and Procedures, Terms and Conditions, its retail prices, product and service availability and the Compensa­tion Plan type at any time without prior notice as it deems appropriate. Amend­ments will be communicated to Independent Sales Representatives through official Company website and or official Company publications. Amendments are effective and binding upon submission to the Company website. In the event any conflict exists between the original documents or policies and any such amendment, the amendment will control.
No failure of Company to exercise any power under these Policies and Proce­dures or to insist upon strict compliance by Independent Sales Representative with any obliga­tion or provision herein, and no custom or practice of the parties at variance with these Policies and Procedures, shall constitute a waiver of Company's right to demand exact compliance with these Policies and Procedures. Company's waiver of any particular default by Independent Sales Representative shall not affect or impair Company's rights with respect to any subsequent default, nor shall it affect in any way the rights or obligations of any other Independent Sales Representative. No delay or omis­sions by Company to exercise any right arising from a default effect or impair Company's rights as to that or any subsequent or future default. Waiver by Company can be affected only in writing by an authorized officer of Company.
The Agreement and these Policies and Procedures shall be governed by the laws of Design0022 AL United States.
In the event a dispute arises between the Company and a Independent Sales Representative regarding their respective rights, duties under this agreement, or in the event of a claim of breach of the Independent Sales Representative Agreement, it is agreed that such dispute shall be exclusively resolved pursuant to binding arbitration under the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association with arbitration to occur at Design0022 AL United States. The Arbitrator may award, in addition to declaratory relief, contractual damages and shall award reasonable attorney’s fees and costs to the prevailing party. An award of attorney’s fees and costs shall continue through any review, appeal or enforcement of an arbitration decision. The arbitration decision may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. This provision shall not be construed so as to prohibit either party from obtaining preliminary or permanent injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties each expressly waive their right to collect consequential, punitive and exemplary damages from the other party.
The Policies and Procedures are incorporated into the Agreement and, along with the Terms and Conditions and Compensation Plan, constitute the entire agreement of the parties regarding their business relationship.
If under any applicable and binding law or rule of any applicable jurisdic­tion, any provision of the Agreement, including these Policies and Proce­dures and Terms and Conditions, or any specification, standard or operating procedure which Company has prescribed is held to be invalid or unenforceable, Company shall have the right to modify the invalid or unenforceable provision, specification, standard or operating procedure or any portion thereof to the extent required to be valid and enforceable, and the Independent Sales Representative shall be bound by any such modifica­tion. The modification will be effective only in the jurisdiction in which it is required.
Any communication, notice or demand of any kind whatsoever which either the Independent Sales Representative or Company may be required or may desire to give or to serve upon the other shall be in writing and delivered by electronic commu­nication whether by telex, telegram, Email or telecopy (if confirmed in writ­ing sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt re­quested). Any such communication, notice or de­mand shall be deemed to have been given or served on the date of confirmed dispatch, if by elec­tronic communication, or on the date shown on the return receipt or by other evidence if delivery is by mail.
Note: This document along with all documents within our website must be reviewed and approved prior to use for your particular purpose. No statement of legality or compliance with any regulatory agencies is made in providing you with this free document.
DesktopGraphy.com - 2015 © - Free Desktop Background Wallpaper! Every wallpaper is copyrighted by its respective owner. Did you find a violation? Don't forget to contact us, we'll remove it as soon as possible.
DesktopGraphy.com - © 2016 - Free Desktop Background Wallpaper! All images found here are believed to be in the 'public domain'. We do not intend to infringe any legitimate intellectual right, artistic rights or copyright. Did you find a violation? Don't forget to contact us, we'll remove it as soon as possible.
Earlier in the year Kawasaki reached out to me at Deus wanting to meet up in regards to a secret project. The project was, customising the very first 2018 Z900RS in the country — Making it the first official collaboration between our two brands.
Of course, do’s and don’ts were given from Kawasaki, but the stage was ours! The idea was to take the bikes in a completely different direction, but to also preserve some of the new tricks from Kawasaki’s new star child.
Our donor bike was picked up from Kawasaki HQ in Sydney, this was to be our first encounter with the newest member to the Kwaka family. Once I removed the box, there it stood and my brain started to think a million thoughts a second. It was impressive to say the least, the shape, details and lines — it was extremely Kawasaki!
Together with me on this project was Carby.T’s right hand man, Saxon Shing. Once the Z rolled into our Camperdown workshop, we together began plotting what could be done and how.
After a few weeks of digital rendering & research, the sum of our combined enthusiasm had created a Tracker concept. Something stripped WAY back and raw — It was time to get on the tools!
With the concept drawing pined on the workshop wall, I wasted no time and began ordering all the ingredients needed to put this bike together.
Next up, removing all that was not meant to be. Plastic bits, be gone! I began to install the basics, bars, cabling and brake lines. Modifying brackets and sending wheels off to get blasted, all in days work.
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Deutschland News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Deutschland News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
Thanks to advertising, we can offer JDownloader for free. To show you advertising that matches your actual interests, we would like to use cookies to personalize the ads according to our privacy policy.
When you need car repair help in Illinois, the Meineke Car Care Center team is ready to help. Our expert auto mechanics provide everything from oil changes and transmission repair to car AC repair, brake service, and even tune ups. Get your car running at 100% again by stopping by any of our convenient Illinois locations.
* Receive recurring text messages from Meineke. Standard messaging and data rates may apply. Consent not required for purchase. Text STOP to 222245 to cancel; text HELP for help. Privacy Policy
sight word sentences worksheets for kindergarten practice sentence writing free library download and print on,sight word practice worksheets first grade collection of kindergarten free sentences,sight word said practice worksheets for kinder kindergarten sentence building sentences free,sight word it worksheets free kindergarten practice sentence writing building,second grade sight words sentence worksheets word practice worksheet sentences for kindergarten,dolch sight words sentence worksheets word builder new sentences worksheet free kindergarten practice,first grade sight word sentences worksheets free dolch words sentence,free worksheets first grade sight word sentences sentence builder fry practice pdf,fry sight word practice worksheets writing sentences for grade awesome kindergarten sentence worksheet first,first grade sight word sentences confessions of a sentence building worksheets builder practice 2nd.
All of the pictures on this website was taken from source that we believe as "Public Domain", If you want to claim your image please Contact Us
28+ [small tattoos pics] | cross tattoos designs ideas and meaning tattoos for you, tattoos designs ideas and meaning tattoos for you, small designs, 41good looking tattoos for ankle, 79 attractive lotus flower wrist tattoos design
The end of a relationship can be rather emotional and stressful. It will most likely also have a major impact on your financial situation. While seeking legal and tax advice, you should also include a financial services advisor on your team to ensure the negative financial consequences are minimized and that your future finances will be secure.
You’ve spent time weaving your lives together, and you’ll now have to spend time separating them. You may wish to consider the following:
Life insurance; review beneficiaries on all policies – you might want to review also the amount of your existing coverage
Consider getting health insurance including critical illness and long-term care if you are no longer covered through your ex-partner
If you are on the receiving end for spousal support or child support, you’d want your ex-partner insured in case of disability or death to make sure the safety net is always there for you or your children.
A divorce or separation is not a decision made lightly. It is also a time when emotions run high and reason often takes a backseat. Our financial services advisors can help you sort out your financial priorities and goals so you can work through your emotions during this time.
At Desjardins Financial Security Independent Network – Richmond South Financial Centre, we are committed to providing you quality financial advisory services. We are here to guide you through every stage of your life and help you protect your family, grow your wealth and achieve your personal financial goals, all with peace of mind. We hold to the highest regard these values: integrity, professionalism, personalized service, and support for the community.
Total magnetic field and detailed electromagnetic anomalies of the east Richardson area, Fairbanks mining district, interior Alaska, parts of Big Delta B-4 and C-4 quadrangles
I thought I was done with this theme, but apparently not. In these blogs, I try to present ideas that I find valuable and that I imagine might be value to you as well. Here is one that is invaluable if you can make sense out of it. It is about why marriage is sacred to us.
In the major forms of Vajrayana Buddhism, which include the Tibetan Buddhist lineages and some of the Zen Buddhist lineages, of course there is the goal of eventual enlightenment. We all know that. What is not so clear is that there is an intermediate stage before enlightenment, when we first get the general idea of how we personally can go about enabling our own enlightenment, and take the first real steps toward it.
This stage is called "Recognition" by the Tibetan Buddhists and "Kensho" by the Zen Buddhists. Recognition is not enlightenment or anything close to it. As its name suggests, it is simply the recognition of the true nature of the mind, or at least a glimpse of it. It is realizing how the mind actually works and, equally important, that you can work it. At the point of recognition we have everything that we need.
Recognition of the true nature of the mind can really happen only once, because it is just that, a recognition, a form of realization. Sometimes in the tradition the analogy that is used is that of a coiled rope in a room with little light. For all the world the rope looks like a snake, and to someone coming into the room, they actually see a snake. However, once they have a little more light, they see that it is just a piece of rope, That recognition is a realization. A realization is a one-way trip, meaning that once we realize we are looking at a rope, we don't and can't go back to seeing it as a snake. That is what recognition is like. And that is a traditional analogy.
I use another analogy to indicate what recognition is, one that came naturally to me. We have all seen those picture-paintings, where embedded within one picture is another picture, but it is carefully hidden. You can't see it unless it is pointed out. But once it is pointed out, we can always see the hidden picture whenever we look. That is recognition, which is a form of realization.
The great siddhas and mahasiddhas go even further. They say that there are many dharmas and many teachers of those dharmas. But for any one of us, there is only one teacher who will first successfully point out to us the true nature of the mind. And this is called your Tsawi Lama or root guru. It only happens once, because, as I explained, it is a realization and not just another experience or an intellectual understanding.
The siddhas go on to say that once your root guru has pointed out to you the true nature of the mind, and you have seen it, his or her job is essentially done. At that point you have what you need to proceed on to enlightenment under your own steam, and on a path that only you can know and follow. Hopefully, with these words you can understand what a "Realization" is and why it happens only once. And that's not the end of my message here.
There is one more analogy for you to take in, and it’s a doozy. Love relationships are like this, especially the love relationship that leads to full engagement, and then on to marriage. When we meet the one we will marry, we recognize them differently from other relationships that we have had. In fact, this too is a realization, one that can only happen once.
And the person with whom we have this realization is the one that was permitted (in this life) to bring us to the recognition that this is the one we want to marry. It can only happen once because, as I have been careful to point out here, it is a recognition (a realization) and not just another one of our relationship experiences.
Of course, some of us will have many lovers and even many marriage partners. That is not what I am pointing at here. I am suggesting that no matter how many lovers you have, there is only one that first brought you to the realization that led to full engagement, which then led to your marriage, just as a virgin is only a virgin once.
If you follow my argument then you know why some faiths don't recognize divorce as a reality. Of course divorce is a legal reality. But you can't un-realize a realization. That is what the Catholic Church is saying when they don't recognize divorce, and this is why divorces are like a third wheel. Along with those who are single and those who are married, there are those who are divorced, but still married in a sense. You can't walk back a realization.
I am not saying that all that passes for engagement, marriage, and divorce in this modern world are pure. But I am saying that if you have had the realization of a beloved that leads to marriage, then that realization is pure, is sacred to you, no matter what happens next or later. You may stay married or you may divorce, but in a very real way the divorcee is still married and always will be. They are no longer a virgin spiritually, so to speak. You can't put the toothpaste back in the tube.
The logic of the above analogy has very little wiggle-room. Of course you are welcome to ignore it, if you can. Yet if you investigate and test this out for yourself, I believe you will agree with me.
So when they say that marriage is a sacrament and is sacred, this view backs that up 100%. With that having been said, if we are married and run on hard times, one of the things we can do is to remember our vows, and the moment in our life when we too them. And here what I mean about vows is not just the words "I do" that occur in most marriage vows, but the rather the "I do" that confirmed the realization that each of us had (or should have had) when we first meet the one who we are destined to marry. For me it was mor like "I do. I do. I do." And I did.
As to how this realization of our destined partner can appear, I only have my story to tell, and I told it several blogs back, the one called "Love and Compassion."
Now, before I get a flurry of dissent, I am not saying that everything we know that happens in modern marriages, re-marriages, divorces, and so on does not happen (because it does) or that this is "bad." What occurs to me is that there is an archetype-realization that does happen, just as there is a major realization in the Buddhist mind-training methods called "Recognition." Realization is a permanent imprint in the mindstream, not just another experience.
For myself, I found it very informative to go back to the realization I had when I realized I wanted to marry Margaret, and saw that was very pure. Some 43 years into marriage, the road gets dusty and sometimes dim. What I have found is that the Tibetan mind-training methods are incredibly valuable for removing some of the obscurations and obstacles to a happy marriage, at least ours. Margaret and I both work on removing these obstacles using the Tibetan Buddhist methods every day.
"Dedicated to nurturing a supportive, student-centered environment where all people are treated with dignity and respect"
Department of Pathophysiology and Therapeutics of Diabetic Vascular Complications, Kurume University School of Medicine, Kurume, Japan.
I have recently read an article by Selvin et al. (1) that showed that low plasma levels of soluble circulating receptor for advanced glycation end products (sRAGEs) at baseline were independently associated with the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) and all-cause mortality during a median of 18 years of follow-up in a community-based population. I totally agree with the authors’ opinions that low sRAGE level is a marker of future chronic disease risk and mortality in the generation population. However, I think it unlikely that sRAGE could work as a “sponge” for AGEs in humans and that an insufficient amount of sRAGE to counteract the detrimental effects of AGEs might be involved in the increased risk of CHD and death in their population as AGEs stimulate cell surface expression of RAGE, and sRAGE level is positively rather than inversely associated with circulating AGEs in both diabetic and nondiabetic subjects (2). Since sRAGE is mainly generated from the cleavage of cell surface full-length RAGE, whose process is promoted by the engagement of RAGE with the ligands such as AGEs and high mobility group protein box-1 (HMGB1) (2), it is conceivable that sRAGE level could reflect tissue RAGE expression. The fact that sRAGE level is 1,000 times lower than needed for efficiently capturing the circulating AGEs (2) further supports the concept that sRAGE could not work as a decoy receptor for AGEs in humans.
Moreover, in contrast to the authors’ present findings, four clinical studies, including three prospective trials, have shown that higher, not lower, levels of sRAGE are independently associated with the risk of future CHD, fetal cardiovascular disease, or all-cause mortality in diabetic subjects or older community-dwelling women (2–4). Therefore, clinical significance of sRAGE as a biomarker may differ considerably depending on the patient’s background. sRAGE level is independently and inversely associated with HMGB1 value in a general population (5). HMGB1 level is increased in diabetic RAGE−/−/apoE−/− mice, while sRAGE is absent in these animals (5). Further, HMGB1 has 10 times higher binding affinity to RAGE, and its serum concentration is 1,000 times less than that of AGEs (2,5). These findings suggest that circulating HMGB1 but not AGEs might be a molecular target for sRAGE. It would be interesting to examine whether low sRAGE level is associated with high HMGB1 value and if decreased ratio of sRAGE to HMGB1 could be linked to future chronic disease risk and mortality in their population.
This work was supported in part by grants from the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT)-Supported Program for the Strategic Research Foundation at Private Universities, Tokyo, Japan (S.Y.). No potential conflicts of interest relevant to this article were reported.
Readers may use this article as long as the work is properly cited, the use is educational and not for profit, and the work is not altered. See http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/ for details.
. Higher plasma soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products (sRAGE) levels are associated with incident cardiovascular disease and all-cause mortality in type 1 diabetes: a 12-year follow-up study. Diabetes 2010;59:2027–2032
. Advanced glycation end products and their circulating receptors predict cardiovascular disease mortality in older community-dwelling women. Aging Clin Exp Res 2009;21:182–190
NOTE: We only request your email address so that the person you are recommending the page to knows that you wanted them to see it, and that it is not junk mail. We do not capture any email address.
I searched for six years to find a supplement for my dogs that included all the things I added to their food each day. When I found NuVet Plus, I was pleasantly surprised to see ingredients I hadn't even thought of giving! I have been feeding NuVet Plus to all my dogs since January of 2001.
When my females are spayed or need a c-section, they recover and heal much more rapidly. Newborn puppies are more alert and vigorous sooner after birth. My vet remarked on the difference in the puppies, often they begin crying as soon as they come out of the uterus and they nurse sooner as well, in spite of being born via c-section. I have two friends who have seizure dogs, as long as their dogs are taking NuVet Plus, their dogs are seizure-free. One of them ran out of NuVet Plus, within three days her dog began seizing again. All natural, human-grade ingredients, NO fillers. Manufactured in a HUMAN lab & never heat processed. ALL ingredients are from America except the pine bark, which comes from France.
Made in the U.S.A! ALL ingredients are sourced in America except the pine bark, which comes from France. NO ingredients from CHINA! All ingredients are FDA Pharmaceutical tested (more stringent than just 'FDA')
Alpha amylase - Aids in the absorption of NuVet Plus™ into the animal's cellular network in the fastest and most efficient manner possible.
Beta Carotene - A form of Vitamin A production, which is required for skeletal growth, embryonic function and reduces cancerous tumors in animals.
Blue Green Algae - Strengthens the immune system, promotes intestinal regularity, purifies the blood and assists in the smooth operation of the brain and nervous system.
Brewers Yeast - a balanced natural source of the B-Complex Vitamins that has been proven to reduce the number of fleas in our companion pets.
Cats Claw (Uno de Gato) - An herb that has amazing healing properties, it aids in treating cancer, viral and respiratory infections, allergies, arthritis and rheumatism.
Desiccated Liver - a rich source of B-Complex Vitamins. It strengthens the nervous system, aids in digestion, tissue formation and production of red blood cells.
Evening Primrose Oil - Digestive stimulant, aids in management of arthritis and rheumatism, decreases blood clotting.
Oyster Shell - Rich source of calcium required by the structural framework of the bones. It also aids in the proper functioning of the heart, nerves and muscles.
Papain - aids in protein digestion, and helps to cleanse the tissues and intestinal walls of all waste matter.
Potassium - Required for the proper functioning of the muscles and regulates the amount of water in the cells.
Selenium - Studies have shown it to help protect against cancers of the lungs, colon, rectum and prostate. (Journal of the American Medical Association 12/24/96)
Shark Cartilage - Anti-inflammatory healing agent that has also been shown to be effective in hip dysplasia, arthritis and my shrink tumors by impeding the formation of blood vessels to the tumor.
Vitamin C - A key factor in the immune system, including white blood cell function and interferon levels. It combats the effects of free radicals and promotes growth and tissue repair.
Vitamin E - The most effective chain-breaking lipid-soluble antioxidant. It protects the cell structure against free radicals. It significantly improves the immune system and reduces heart disease, anemia, nutritional "muscular dystrophy" and neurological abnormalities.
Whey Protein - Builds and maintains muscle mass. Boosts the immune system which protects against viruses and bacteria.
Zinc - a component of over 100 enzymes that work with the red blood cells to move carbon dioxide from the tissues to the lungs. It promotes normal growth and aids in wound healing, cell division and maintains normal levels of Vitamin A.
Dear NuVet Labs, I have a Chocolate Lab, Chester, and he was suffering from severe allergies and this is from the time he was a puppy. I tried everything I could, from veterinarians to all types of supplements, but nothing worked. He was having trouble healing because of all his biting and scratching. I was introduced to NuVet Plus and after a short time on NuVet Plus I started to notice his belly, especially where the allergies were most prominent, starting to heal quite a bit. It was a remarkable change after such a short period of time and I feel very strongly that NuVet Plus had a strong impact on the healing process. I have been feeding him the supplement for 5 months, and his hair has grown back thick on his stomach where he had been completely bald from bacterial and yeast infections. I have been very pleased with the sensational results and I just want to thank you for coming up with these products. - Caroline
"I CAN'T GET OVER YOUR PRODUCT" To The Wonderful Folks at NuVet Labs: I just had to write, to let you know HOW GREAT NuVet Plus is! My husband had gotten a few samples, actually for one of our "babies", who has arthritis. As I was reading through the leaflet, I noticed about cancer plus red blood cells. My eldest dog had been diagnosed with cancer. Sammy also has a red blood disease. She was only given until June to live. We're almost at the end of July &, not only is she still alive, but she is jumping - running - barking her head off!! I can't get over your product! I gave some to my mailman & now he's a regular customer. Also gave some to my neighbors. The mailman says he loves it. The neighbors said her dog's eyes cleared up and he is running around too! (with arthritis). I called your order number and asked that some leaflets come to my home and to the head of the oncology dept. in Manhattan. I just had to thank you so much for saving my baby! I'm one of those crazy people that have birthday parties for my dogs! My husband and I love our dogs! Again, thank you so much. Yours Truly, Kerry - Mastic Beach, NY
"NuMoon Dobermans" Gentleman, When we were first introduced to Nu-Vet Plus, we thought OK, we will give it a try. We have tried all kinds of different vitamins on our dogs but have NEVER seen the results we are seeing using this product. Alfred, had just turned fifteen years old in February 2000. He has cataracts in both eyes, was diagnosed with total deafness in both ears, not to mention that he has arthritis. The arthritis is what worried us the most, being that he weighs 65 lbs. and must go up and down the stairs to go outside. We could see how painful this was for him. As of 4/7/00 Alfred has been on NuVet Plus for 5 weeks. We started to see a difference in the way he moved after just two weeks. He has more energy than he has had for over 2 years and does the stairs with ease. For over 2 years he would lay at the top of the basement stairs and cry as everyone else would follow me down. Now he comes with me and is much happier. Reno, is lame in his right hind leg. He would tend to favor that leg constantly. He has been given NuVet Plus for about 3 weeks. He is getting stronger and moves a lot better every day. Also I need to mention that he has been a picky eater. NOT ANYMORE, He eats like there is no tomorrow. All of our dogs are now on NuVet Plus to assure us that they are getting the proper nutrition. We do not feel that this is an unreasonable request, after all, we take vitamins, right? Our dogs should too. Being involved with many breeders throughout the years, we know of others that put their puppies on 2 to 4 different supplements. All the supplements that they use are in NuVet Plus making it also cheaper to use. Thank you NuVet Labs for making this antioxidant vitamin available to us. Lee and Andy Bethel, MN
The Veterinarians, Physicians, Pharmacists and Nutritional Scientists of NuVet Labs™ have blended a precise combination of quality food concentrates, herbs and anti-oxidants proven to combat the ravages of free radicals.
Start your pet on the path of disease protection today with NuVet Plus™! Your satisfaction with this product is GUARANTEED.
Formulated over a period of eight years by physicians, veterinarians, pharmacists and animal nutritionists
1 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation th Street NW, Washington, D.C Financial Institution Letter FIL October 16, 2008 IDENTITY THEFT RED FLAGS, ADDRESS DISCREPANCIES, AND CHANGE OF ADDRESS REGULATIONS Examination Procedures Summary: The FDIC has issued the attached examination procedures on identity theft red flags, address discrepancies, and change of address requests. Distribution: FDIC-Supervised Banks (Commercial and Savings) Suggested Routing: Chief Compliance Officer Chief Information Security Officer Related Topics: FIL , Identity Theft Red Flags, November 15, 2007 FIL , Identity Theft, FDIC s Supervisory Policy on Identity Theft, April 11, 2007 FIL , Guidance on Response Programs for Unauthorized Access to Customer Information and Customer Notice, April 1, 2005 FIL , Guidelines Requiring the Proper Disposal of Consumer Information, February 2, 2005 FIL , Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information, March 14, 2001 Attachment: Identity Theft Red Flag, Address Discrepancies, and Change of Address Examination Procedures Contacts: Jeffrey Kopchik, Senior Policy Analyst, at or (202) ; or Richard Schwartz, Counsel, at or (202) Note: To receive FILs electronically, please visit FDIC financial institution letters (FILs) may be accessed from the FDIC's Web site at Paper copies of FDIC financial institution letters may be obtained through the FDIC's Public Information Center, 3501 Fairfax Drive, E-1002, Arlington, VA ( or ). Highlights: The exam procedures are intended to assist financial institutions in implementing the Identity Theft Red Flags, Address Discrepancies, and Change of Address Regulations, reflecting the requirements of Sections 114 and 315 of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of The regulations require o financial institutions and creditors to implement a written identity theft prevention program; o card issuers to assess the validity of o change of address requests; and users of consumer reports to verify the identity of the subject of a consumer report in the event of a notice of address discrepancy. The regulations and guidelines took effect on January 1, 2008, and compliance is required by November 1, Risk management examiners will examine institutions for compliance with the red flags regulation (12 CFR ) during risk management examinations. Compliance examiners will examine institutions for compliance with the address discrepancies and change of address regulations (12 CFR and ) during compliance examinations.
2 Risk Management Examiners Introduction to Red Flags Examination Procedures Section 615(e) requires the federal banking agencies and the NCUA (the Agencies) as well as the FTC to prescribe regulations and guidelines for financial institutions and creditors 1 regarding identity theft. On November 9, 2007, the Agencies published final rules and guidelines in the Federal Register implementing this section. (72 FR 63718) Definitions (12 CFR (b). The following regulatory definitions pertain to the regulations regarding identity theft red flags: 1. An account is a continuing relationship established by a person with a financial institution to obtain a product or service for personal, family, household or business purposes. An account includes a. an extension of credit, such as the purchase of property or services involving a deferred payment; and b. a deposit account. 2. The board of directors includes, for a branch or agency of a foreign bank, the managing official in charge of the branch or agency and, for any other creditor that does not have a board of directors, a designated employee at the level of senior management. 3. A covered account is: a. an account that a financial institution offers or maintains, primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, that involves or is designed to permit multiple payments or transactions, and b. any other account offered or maintained by the financial institution for which there is a reasonably foreseeable risk to customers or the safety and soundness of the financial institution from identity theft, including financial, operational, compliance, reputation or litigation risks. 4. A customer is a person that has a covered account with a financial institution. 5. Identity theft means a fraud committed or attempted using the identifying information of another person without authority. Identifying information means any name or number that may be used alone or in conjunction with any other information to identify a specific person. (16 CFR 603.2) 6. A red flag is a pattern, practice or specific activity that indicates the possible existence of identity theft. 1 For purposes of these examination procedures, financial institutions and creditors are referred to jointly as financial institutions. 2
3 7. A service provider is a person that provides a service directly to a financial institution. Periodic identification of covered accounts (12 CFR (c)). Each financial institution must periodically determine whether it offers or maintains covered accounts. As part of this determination, the financial institution must conduct a risk assessment to determine whether it offers or maintains covered accounts taking into consideration a. the methods it provides to open its accounts, b. the methods it provides to access its accounts, and c. its previous experiences with identity theft. Establishment of an identity theft prevention program (Program) (12 CFR (d)). A financial institution must develop and implement a written Program designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of a covered account or any existing covered account. The Program must be tailored to the financial institution s size and complexity and the nature and scope of its operations and must contain reasonable policies and procedures to: a. identify red flags for the covered accounts the financial institution offers or maintains and incorporate those red flags into the Program; b. detect red flags that have been incorporated into the Program; c. respond appropriately to any red flags that are detected to prevent and mitigate identity theft; and d. ensure the Program (including the red flags determined to be relevant) is updated periodically to reflect changes in risks to customers and to the safety and soundness of the financial institution from identity theft. Administration of the Program (12 CFR_ (e)). A financial institution must provide for the continued administration of the Program by: a. obtaining approval of the initial written Program by the board of directors or an appropriate committee of the board; b. involving the board of directors, a committee of the board, or an employee at the level of senior management in the oversight, development, implementation, and administration of the Program; c. training staff, as necessary, to implement the Program effectively; and d. exercising appropriate and effective oversight of service provider arrangements. Guidelines (12 CFR (f)). Each financial institution that is required to implement a Program also must consider the guidelines in Appendix J of the regulation and include in its 3
4 Program those guidelines that are appropriate. The guidelines are intended to assist financial institutions in the formulation and maintenance of a Program that satisfies the regulatory requirements. A financial institution may determine that a particular guideline is not appropriate to incorporate into its Program; however, the financial institution must have policies and procedures that meet the specific requirements of the rules. A financial institution may incorporate into its Program, as appropriate, its existing policies, procedures, and other arrangements that control reasonably foreseeable risks to customers and to the safety and soundness of the financial institution from identity theft. Illustrative examples of red flags are located in Supplement A to Appendix J of the regulation. A financial institution is not required to use the examples, nor will it need to justify its failure to include in its Program a specific red flag from the list of examples. However, the financial institution must be able to account for the overall effectiveness of its Program that is appropriate to its size and complexity and the nature and scope of its activities. Red Flags Examination Procedures (12 CFR ) 1. Verify that the financial institution periodically identifies covered accounts it offers or maintains. 3 Verify that the financial institution: included accounts for personal, family and household purposes, that permit multiple payments or transactions; and conducted a risk assessment to identify any other accounts that pose a reasonably foreseeable risk of identity theft, taking into consideration the methods used to open and access accounts, and the institution s previous experiences with identity theft. (12 CFR (c) 2. Review examination findings in other areas (e.g., Bank Secrecy Act, Customer Identification Program and Customer Information Security Program) to determine whether there are deficiencies that adversely affect the financial institution s ability to comply with the Identity Theft Red Flags Rules (Red Flag Rules). 3. Review any reports, such as audit reports and annual reports prepared by staff for the board of directors 4 (or an appropriate committee thereof or a designated senior 2 2 The risk assessment and identification of covered accounts is not required to be done on an annual basis. This should be done periodically, as needed. 3 A covered account includes: (i) an account primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, such as a credit card account, mortgage loan, auto loan, checking or savings account that permits multiple payments or transactions, and (ii) any other account that the institution offers or maintains for which there is a reasonable foreseeable risk to customers or the safety and soundness of the institution from identity theft. 12 CFR (b)(3). 4 The term board of directors includes: (i) in the case of a branch or agency of a foreign bank, the managing official in charge of the branch or agency, and (ii) in the case of any other creditor that does not have a Board of Directors, a designated employee at the level of senior management. 4
5 management employee) on compliance with the Red Flag Rules, including reports that address: the effectiveness of the financial institution s Identity Theft Prevention Program (Program), significant incidents of identity theft and management s response, oversight of service providers that perform activities related to covered accounts, and recommendations for material changes to the Program. Determine whether management adequately addressed any deficiencies. (12 CFR (f); Guidelines, Section VI) 4. Verify that the financial institution has developed and implemented a comprehensive written Program designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of a covered account or an existing covered account. The Program must be appropriate to the size and complexity of the financial institution and the nature and scope of its activities. (12 CFR (d)(1)) Verify that the financial institution considered the guidelines in Appendix J to the regulation (Interagency Guidelines on Identity Theft Detection, Prevention, and Mitigation) in the formulation of its Program and included those that are appropriate. (12 CFR (f)) Determine whether the Program has reasonable policies, procedures and controls to effectively identify and detect relevant Red Flags and to respond appropriately to prevent and mitigate identity theft. (12 CFR (d)(2)(i)-(iii)) Financial institutions may, but are not required to, use the illustrative examples of Red Flags in Supplement A to the Guidelines to identify relevant Red Flags (12 CFR (d)(2); Guidelines, Sections II, III and IV) Determine whether the financial institution uses technology to detect Red Flags. If it does, discuss with management the methods by which the financial institution confirms the technology is working effectively to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft. Determine whether the Program (including the Red Flags determined to be relevant) is updated periodically to reflect changes in the risks to customers and the safety and soundness of the financial institution from identity theft. (12 CFR (d)(2)(iv)) Verify that (i) the board of directors (or appropriate committee thereof) initially approved the Program, and (ii) the board (or an appropriate committee thereof, or a designated senior management employee) is involved in the oversight, development, implementation and administration of the Program. (12 CFR (e)(1) and (2)) 5
6 5. Verify that the financial institution trains appropriate staff to effectively implement and administer the Program. (12 CFR (e)(3)) 6. Determine whether the financial institution exercises appropriate and effective oversight of service providers that perform activities related to covered accounts. (12 CFR (e)(4)) Conclusion: On the basis of examination procedures completed, form a conclusion about whether the financial institution has developed and implemented an effective, comprehensive written Program designed to detect, prevent and mitigate identity theft. Compliance Examiners Introduction to Address Discrepancy Examination Procedures Section 605(h)(1) requires that, when providing a consumer report to a person that requests the report (a user), a nationwide consumer reporting agency (NCRA) must provide a notice of address discrepancy to the user if the address provided by the user in its request substantially differs from the address the NCRA has in the consumer s file. Section 605(h)(2) requires the federal banking agencies and the NCUA (the Agencies) and the FTC to prescribe regulations providing guidance regarding reasonable policies and procedures that a user of a consumer report should employ when such user has received a notice of address discrepancy. On November 9, 2007, the agencies published final rules in the Federal Register implementing this section. (72 FR 63718) Definitions 1. Nationwide consumer reporting agency. Section 603(p) defines an NCRA as one that compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis and regularly engages in the practice of assembling or evaluating and maintaining the following two pieces of information about consumers residing nationwide for the purpose of furnishing consumer reports to third parties bearing on a consumer s credit worthiness, credit standing, or credit capacity: a. Public record information and b. Credit account information from persons who furnish that information regularly and in the ordinary course of business. 2. Notice of address discrepancy (12 CFR (b)). A notice of address discrepancy is a notice sent to a user by an NCRA (section 603(p)) that informs the user of a substantial difference between the address for the consumer that the user provided to request the consumer report and the address(es) in the NCRA s file for the consumer. 6
7 Requirement to form a reasonable belief (12 CFR (c)). A user must develop and implement reasonable policies and procedures designed to enable the user to form a reasonable belief that the consumer report relates to the consumer whose report was requested, when the user receives a notice of address discrepancy in connection with a new or existing account. The rules provide the following examples of reasonable policies and procedures for forming a reasonable belief that a consumer report relates to the consumer whose report was requested: 1. Comparing information in the consumer report with information the user: a. has obtained and used to verify the consumer s identity as required by the Customer Identification Program rules (31 CFR ); b. maintains in its records; or c. obtains from a third party; or 2. Verifying the information in the consumer report with the consumer. Requirement to furnish a consumer s address to an NCRA (12 CFR (d)). A user must develop and implement reasonable policies and procedures for furnishing to the NCRA an address for the consumer that the user has reasonably confirmed is accurate when the user a. can form a reasonable belief that the report relates to the consumer whose report was requested; b. establishes a continuing relationship with the consumer (i.e., in connection with a new account); and c. regularly furnishes information to the NCRA that provided the notice of address discrepancy. A user s policies and procedures for furnishing a consumer s address to an NCRA must require the user to furnish the confirmed address as part of the information it regularly furnishes to the NCRA during the reporting period when it establishes a continuing relationship with the consumer. The rules also provide the following examples of how a user may reasonably confirm an address is accurate: 1. Verifying the address with the consumer whose report was requested; 2. Reviewing its own records; 3. Verifying the address through third-party sources; or 4. Using other reasonable means. 7
8 Address Discrepancy Examination Procedures (12 CFR ) 1. Determine whether a user of consumer reports has policies and procedures to recognize notices of address discrepancy that it receives from a nationwide consumer reporting agency (NCRA) 5 in connection with consumer reports. 2. Determine whether a user that receives notices of address discrepancy has policies and procedures to form a reasonable belief that the consumer report relates to the consumer whose report was requested. (12 CFR (c)) See examples of reasonable policies and procedures to form a reasonable belief in 12 CFR (c)(2). 3. Determine whether a user that receives notices of address discrepancy has policies and procedures to furnish to the NCRA an address for the consumer that the user has reasonably confirmed is accurate, if the user: a. can form a reasonable belief that the report relates to the consumer, b. establishes a continuing relationship with the consumer, and c. regularly furnishes information to the NCRA. (12 CFR (d)(1)) See examples of reasonable confirmation methods in 12 CFR (d)(2). 4. Determine whether the user s policies and procedures require it to furnish the confirmed address as part of the information it regularly furnishes to an NCRA during the reporting period when it establishes a relationship with the consumer. (12 CFR (d)(3) 5. If procedural weaknesses or other risks requiring further information are noted, obtain a sample of consumer reports requested by the user from an NCRA that included notices of address discrepancy and determine: a. how the user established a reasonable belief that the consumer reports related to the consumers whose reports were requested, and b. if a consumer relationship was established: i. whether the institution furnished a consumer s address that it reasonably confirmed to the NCRA from which it received the notice of address discrepancy; and ii. whether it furnished the address in the reporting period during which it established the relationship. 5 A NCRA compiles and maintains files on consumers on a nationwide basis. As of the effective date of the rule (January 1, 2008) there were three such consumer reporting agencies: Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion. Section 603(p) of FCRA (15 USC 1681a). 8
9 Conclusion: On the basis of examination procedures completed, form a conclusion about the ability of user s policies and procedures to meet regulatory requirements for the proper handling of address discrepancies reported by an NCRA. Introduction to Change of Address Examination Procedures Section 615(e)(1)(C) requires the Agencies and the FTC to prescribe regulations for debit and credit card issuers regarding the assessment of the validity of address changes for existing accounts. The regulations require card issuers to have procedures to assess the validity of an address change if the card issuer receives a notice of change of address for an existing account, and within a short period of time (during at least the first 30 days) receives a request for an additional or replacement card for the same account. On November 9, 2007, the Agencies published final rules in the Federal Register implementing this section. (72 FR 63718) Definitions (12 CFR (b)). The following definitions pertain to the rules governing the duties of card issuers regarding changes of address: 1. A cardholder is a consumer who has been issued a credit or debit card. 2. Clear and conspicuous means reasonably understandable and designed to call attention to the nature and significance of the information presented. Address validation requirements (12 CFR (c)). A card issuer must establish and implement policies and procedures to assess the validity of a change of address if it receives notification of a change of address for a consumer s debit or credit card account and, within a short period of time afterwards (during at least the first 30 days after it receives such notification), the card issuer receives a request for an additional or replacement card for the same account. In such situations, the card issuer must not issue an additional or replacement card until it assesses the validity of the change of address in accordance with its policies and procedures. The policies and procedures must provide that the card issuer will: 1. a. Notify the cardholder of the request for an additional or replacement card (i) at the cardholder s former address; or (ii) by any other means of communication that the card issuer and the cardholder have previously agreed to use; and 1. b. Provide to the cardholder a reasonable means of promptly reporting incorrect address changes; or 2. Assess the validity of the change of address according to the procedures the card issuer has established as a part of its Identity Theft Prevention Program (12 CFR ). 9
10 Alternative timing of address validation (12 CFR (d). A card issuer may satisfy the requirements of these rules prior to receiving any request for an additional or replacement card by validating an address when it receives an address change notification. Form of notice (12 CFR (e)). Any written or electronic notice that a card issuer provides to satisfy these rules must be clear and conspicuous and provided separately from its regular correspondence with the cardholder. Change of Address Examination Procedures (12 CFR ) 1. Verify that the card issuer has policies and procedures to assess the validity of a change of address if: it receives notification of a change of address for a consumer s debit or credit card account; and within a short period of time afterwards (during at least the first 30 days after it receives such notification), the card issuer receives a request for an additional or replacement card for the same account. (12 CFR (c)) 2. Determine whether the policies and procedures prevent the card issuer from issuing additional or replacement cards until it: notifies the cardholder at the cardholder s former address or by any other means previously agreed to and provides the cardholder a reasonable means to promptly report an incorrect address (12 CFR (c)(1)(i)-(ii)); or uses other reasonable means of evaluating the validity of the address change. (12 CFR (c)(2)). In the alternative, a card issuer may validate a change of address request when it is received, using the above methods, prior to receiving any request for an additional or replacement card. (12 CFR (d)) 3. Determine whether any written or electronic notice sent to cardholders for purposes of validating a change of address request is clear and conspicuous and is provided separately from any regular correspondence with the cardholder. (12 CFR (e)) 4. If procedural weaknesses or other risks requiring further information are noted, obtain a sample of notifications from cardholders of changes of address and requests for additional or replacement cards to determine whether the card issuer complied with the regulatory requirement to evaluate the validity of the notice of address change before issuing additional or replacement cards. 10
11 Conclusion: On the basis of examination procedures completed, form a conclusion about whether a card issuer s policies and procedures effectively meet regulatory requirements for evaluating the validity of change of address requests received in connection with credit or debit card accounts. 11
Risk Management Examiners Introduction to Red Flags Examination Procedures Section 615(e) requires the federal banking agencies and the NCUA (the Agencies) as well as the FTC to prescribe regulations and
Frequently Asked Questions: Identity Theft Red Flags and Address Discrepancies The staff of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB), Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), National
An Overview of the Identity Theft Red Flags and Address Discrepancies under the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 Final Rules
An Overview of the Identity Theft Red Flags and Address Discrepancies under the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 Final Rules By: Andrea J. Shaw, Esq., Compliance Officer, Gorham Savings
-- Sample Policy -- Identity Theft Prevention Program Purpose To establish an Identity Theft Prevention Program designed to detect, prevent and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of
Identity Theft Red Flags & Address Discrepancies under the FACT Act of 2003 Summary of Final Rule On November 9, 2007, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ), Federal Reserve Board ( Board
Identity Theft Red Flags Rule Frequently asked questions Overview The federal banking agencies, the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) recently have issued
IDENTITY THEFT DETECTION POLICY Approved By: President s Cabinet Date of Last Revision: May 5, 2009 Responsible Office/Department: Business and Finance Policy Statement Grand Valley State University (GVSU)
CLIENT MEMORANDUM March 7, 2012 CFTC and SEC Jointly Propose Identity Theft Rules Contents Identity Theft Prevention Program...1 Entities Required to Comply...1 Financial Institutions and Creditors...
Featured Article Federal Red Flag and Related Identity Theft Prevention Rules: Is Your Organization in Compliance? Article contributed by: Nancy L. Perkins, Arnold & Porter LLP As of November 1, 2008,
Identity Theft Prevention Program Red Flag Rules Policy P093.00 Issued: May 2009 The Federal Trade Commission has issued a final rule (the Red Flag Rule) under the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions
(FACTA) April 30, 2009 Approved by: Audit Committee of the Board of Trustees CENTENARY COLLEGE POLICIES UNDER THE A RESOLUTION ADOPTING AN IDENTITY THEFT POLICE Centenary College ( College ) developed
Pacific University. Policy Governing. Identity Theft Prevention Program. Red Flag Guidelines. Approved June 10, 2009
Smyth County Policy Identity Theft Prevention Program Purpose The purpose of the program is to establish an Identity Theft Prevention Program designed to detect, prevent and mitigate identity theft in
UNION COUNTY S IDENTITY THEFT PREVENTION PROGRAM This program shall become effective November 1, 2008. Adopted this the 20 th day of October, 2008. I. PREFACE The purpose of this program is to detect,
Identity Theft Prevention Program Approved by the Arizona Board of Regents on May 1, 2009 I. Purpose & Scope This Program was developed pursuant to the Federal Trade Commission s ( FTC ) Red Flag Rules
Identity theft. A fraud committed or attempted using the identifying information of another person without authority.
Appalachian State University Identity Theft Prevention Program Procedures Program Overview I. PURPOSE The purpose of the Program is to: Identify, detect and respond to Red Flags; Prevent and mitigate Identity
Wake Forest University Identity Theft Prevention Program Effective May 1, 2009 I. GENERAL It is the policy of Wake Forest University ( University ) to comply with the Federal Trade Commission's ( FTC )
Red Flag Rules and Aging Services: What You Need to Know Late in 2007, six federal agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ), jointly issued final rules and accompanying guidelines to implement
Florida Agricultural & Mechanical University Board of Trustees Policy Board of Trustees Policy Number: Date of Adoption: May 4, 2009 Date of Revision: June 6, 2013 Identity Theft Prevention Policy Subject
Questions and Answers About the Identity Theft Red Flag Requirements 1. Who is covered by the new Identity Theft Regulations? The Identity Theft Regulations consist of three different sets of requirements,
I. Purpose & Scope This program was developed pursuant to the Federal Trade Commission s (FTC) Red Flag Rules promulgated pursuant to the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act (the FACT Act). The University
The National Association of Community Health Centers, Inc. ISSUE BRIEF FTC Red Flag Rule Considerations in Developing an Identity Theft Prevention Program April 2009 Prepared for NACHC by: Carrie Bill
Central Oregon Community College Identity Theft Prevention Program Effective beginning May 1, 2009 I. PROGRAM ADOPTION This program has been created to put COCC in compliance with Section 41.90 under the
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Identity Theft Prevention Program The Board of Trustees of The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (the University ) adopts this Identity Theft Prevention
Identity Theft Prevention Program Derived from the FTC Red Flags Rule requirements 1.0 Introduction In 2003, Congress enacted the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003, 15 U.S.C. Section 1681,
FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT (FCRA) EXAMINATION PROCEDURES Examination Objectives (These reflect FFIEC-approved procedures.) To determine the credit union s compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA)
FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT PURPOSE AND SCOPE Serves the following principal purposes: To regulate the consumer-reporting industry. To prohibit unfair actions from CRAs To restrict the availability and use
Identity Theft Prevention Policy and Procedure In accordance with the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (FACTA), the college president shall be responsible for developing and maintaining
Friday, November 9, 2007 Part IV Department of the Treasury Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 12 CFR Part 41 Federal Reserve System 12 CFR Part 222 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 12 CFR
Investment Advisers Must Ramp Up Identity Theft Prevention Efforts By Bibb L. Strench Bibb L. Strench is Counsel at Seward & Kissel s Washington, D.C. office. He provides advice to registered investment
01.230 IDENTITY THEFT PREVENTION PROGRAM (RED FLAGS) Authority: Board of Trustees History: Effective May 1, 2009 (approved initially April 24, 2009) Source of Authority: Related Links: Responsible Office:
WHEREAS the Federal Trade Commission regulations include utility companies in the definition of creditor;
YEAR END ISSUANCES BY FEDERAL REGULATORS ADDRESS A MULTITUDE OF PRIVACY ISSUES Jane Hils Shea January 23, 2008 The final weeks of 2007 saw a flurry of regulatory activity by the federal banking regulatory
Page 1 of 29 Module 3 Adverse Action Disclosures - Section 615(a) and (b); 15 U.S.C. 1681m(a) and (b) Section 615(a)-(b) requires users of consumer reports, such as creditors, to make certain disclosures
Wheaton College Audit Committee Red Flag Identity Theft Prevention Program Meeting of February 20, 2009
Wheaton College Audit Committee Red Flag Identity Theft Prevention Program Meeting of February 20, 2009 Late last year, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and Federal banking agencies issued a regulation
NUMBER: BUSF 4.12 SECTION: SUBJECT: Finance and Planning University Identity Theft and Detection Program (NEW) DATE: March 3, 2011 Policy for: Procedure for: Authorized by: Issued by: All Campuses and
Section 10: Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) Policy Summary of Regulation The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) regulates Consumer Reporting Agencies (CRAs), users of consumer reports, and furnishers of
CITY OF MARQUETTE, MICHIGAN CITY COMMISSION POLICY Policy Number: 2008-02 Date Adopted: October 27, 2008 Department: Administrative SUBJECT: IDENTITY THEFT PREVENTION PROGRAM I. OBJECTIVE: A. To protect
RESOLUTION TO ADOPT IDENTITY THEFT POLICY WHEREAS, in late 2008 the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and federal banking agencies issued a regulation known as the Red Flag Rule under sections 114 and 315
University System of New Hampshire Identity Theft Prevention Program Approved by the USNH Board of Trustees on April 30, 2009 I. PROGRAM ADOPTION The University System of New Hampshire (USNH) developed
II. F. Identity Theft Prevention Effective Date: May 3, 2012 Revises Previous Effective Date: N/A, New Policy I. POLICY: This Identity Theft Prevention Policy is adopted in compliance with the Federal
IDENTITY THEFT PREVENTION PROGRAM In compliance with Part 681 of Title 16 of the Code of Federal Regulations implementing Sections 114 of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 ("FACTA"),
FSA. Auditing FCRA Compliance. Auditing FCRA Compliance. Internal auditors should know the issues surrounding protection of consumer information.
City of Caro Identity Theft Prevention Policy Purpose The purpose of this policy is to establish an Identity Theft Prevention Program designed to detect, prevent and mitigate identity theft in connection
YOUR DUTIES UNDER THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT The Staff of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has prepared the following required notices in compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act
2 Who We Are The multidisciplinary team at The Recovery Place is what sets our treatment center apart. We are people who genuinely care and take pride in providing the best help for people struggling with alcohol and chemical dependency, prescription drug abuse, and mental health issues. With our compassionate, individualized approach we have great success at treating those who are initially resistant to treatment. Our team of highly skilled clinicians, psychiatrists, psychologists and nurses includes people who have fought for their own recovery so they know the challenges that face someone making the decision to change their life forever. The Recovery Place is a day/night treatment facility licensed by the Department of Children and Families. Our programs are accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations for compliance to the highest national standards for safety and quality of care. As an integral part of treatment, clients participating in any of our full day programs return to a beautiful community housing facility steps away from our treatment center and right next to the beautiful beaches of Fort Lauderdale - the gem of Florida s East Coast.
3 Treatment Programs Our philosophy at The Recovery Place is to help people gain insight into their disease while acquiring critical life saving skills to keep them from returning to a life of dependency and destruction. We provide the most comprehensive set of treatment programs available in one treatment center in order to achieve this goal. Detox We work with a number of specialized Detox Centers in the area supporting a client s recovery experience from the very beginning. Dual Diagnosis The term dual diagnosis is used to describe the combination of multiple conditions of a person considered to be suffering from a mental illness and a substance abuse problem. The goal of our Dual Diagnosis treatment is to help our clients achieve and sustain longterm management over these psychological symptoms and maintain long term sobriety. Our Dual Diagnosis treatment provides comprehensive, structured programming for adults and takes place daily. Psychiatric evaluation, individual and group therapy, and medication management services are all included, as well as transportation, grocery shopping, and community activities. The results of this program allows the clients to avoiding hospitalization by stabilizing symptoms, developing positive coping skills and modifying troublesome behaviors in a structured and supportive setting. During the course of treatment, problems are identified, strengths and weaknesses established, and specific problem areas targeted. With the direction of our staff psychiatrist, and the support of our clinical team, clients develop individualized treatment plans with timelimited, achievable objectives. There are many different forms of cooccurring disorders when the different types of psychiatric illnesses and different patterns of substance abuse are taken into account. In terms of recovery, the treatment for co-occurring disorders must address both psychiatric illness and the substance abuse in the same encompassing program to ensure recovery from both. Alcohol & Drug Rehabilitation For the individual seeking traditional addiction treatment in Florida, The Recovery Place offers a 12-step based medical model program. The traditional day/night treatment program with community housing is highly structured and individualized treatment providing a combination of treatment and recovery based services 24 hours a day, seven days a week. As with all of our treatment programs, the traditional addictions program is overseen by a group of professionals who are highly experienced in the field. This level of care is ideal for addicted individuals who are resistant to treatment, those who may be prone or have a history of relapse, impulsive individuals, or addicts who lack social and emotional support in their daily life. (continues to next page)
4 Alcohol & Drug Rehabilitation (continued from previous page) Our goal at The Recovery Place is to help the individual with effective group therapy, medication management, psychiatry, individual counseling, psycho-educational groups, addictions education, drug treatment, step-work, coping skills, relapse prevention and family therapy. Our safe, structured, therapeutic environment is the ideal transitional environment for lasting change and freedom from addiction. Intensive Outpatient Programs The Intensive Outpatient Program (IOP) is recommended when an addicted person can be ensured of safe living conditions and a daily structure that is supportive for recovery. This is designed to encourage our clients to function in their community while participating in a more intensive form of drug treatment than traditional outpatient settings can offer.
5 Family Programs Alcohol and drug addiction is a disease that affects the entire family. When you are living with someone in active addiction or you are a loving parent living thousands of miles away, your life is severely affected. Our experience is that once a family is educated, they cannot only increase the quality of their lives, but they can enhance the addicted person s chances for success in treatment. When we work with families, we make sure there is engagement throughout the treatment process by regular face-to-face family sessions with the treating clinician. For those out of the area who are unable to visit, we utilize telephonic conferencing. Additionally, every week our family education program provides an evening full of valuable information to families who are often confused about the treatment process. We understand that those closest to the addict often make well-intentioned, but uninformed decisions that may actually prolong or worsen the severity of the disease Our Family Program is designed to empower families and provide support while their loved one experiences the benefits of treatment. Family Weekends enhance the recovery process for everyone involved. Treatment Phases All of our treatment programs are geared toward giving a person the ability to gradually decrease the intensity and level of care while continually increasing personal responsibility and self-sufficiency. This approach is coupled with a structured, safe and comfortable living environment throughout the continuum of care. This extend formula of support is not common in most other treatment programs and reinforces autonomous functioning and independence. Once a client has completed all of their individual treatment plan goals in any of our full day treatment programs, they are encouraged to continue their treatment at a less intensive level of care. The Recovery Place provides intensive outpatient programming, outpatient treatment and aftercare services to address this need. Progressively less intense settings allow the client to return to his or her daily life, knowing that there is a group of dedicated professionals behind them to overcome their individual challenges. treatment phases: From Residential Care to... Day/Night Community Housing to... Intensive Outpatient Program to... Outpatient Program to... Aftercare to... Alumni to... Life!
6 Insurance Providers The Recovery Place accepts most major insurance providers. We have extensive experience working with Aetna, Humana, Cigna, Blue Cross and Blue Shield, United Health Care, and Value Options Behavioral Health Care, allowing their members to utilize their in network and out of network benefits to cover their stay at The Recovery Place. Additionally we are able to accept private pay funds and work with other insurance carriers.
7 On Your Way To Treatment Things To Bring: Insurance Card, Prescription Card, Photo I.D. Money for: co-payments, deductibles, snacks, cigarettes, personal needs, etc. Current prescription medications Clothing and toiletries: daytime clothes, jacket, beach wear, beach towel, gym clothes, etc. Laundry soap and if desired, powder bleach and fabric softener Writing supplies Your own blanket and pillow if you prefer Pictures of family and friends ipod, Walkman or other portable device to listen to music Things To Leave Behind: Products with any alcohol content or caustic chemicals, i.e. mouthwash, red wine vinegar, perfume, nail polish, nail polish remover, or flammable products. Food and items with excessive caffeine like espresso strength coffee and/or caffeinated energy drinks, i.e. Red Bull and the like. Aerosols of any kind, glue, candles, incense Cell phones, electronics with wireless connectivity, computer systems or game systems. Inappropriate or provocative clothing: halter tops, short skirts an dresses, or tank tops. Any clothing depicting alcohol, drugs, gang and/or racial words/pictures Sexually explicit materials: magazines, books, posters, clothing Weapons of any kind, including pocket knives Alcohol, illegal substances and over-thecounter medications Plans of care aren t rigid or overstructured to the point that they make the patient fit the treatment. Instead, we create a plan and atmosphere that meets the needs of each specific situation.
8 My experience here was very rewarding. I was nervous when I first arrived but I instantly felt comfortable with the community. Everyone is such a close family and the staff here are awesome and really work hard for their clients. -B. F.
Life Changing Treatment For The Real World Who We Are The multidisciplinary team at The Recovery Place is what sets our treatment center apart. We are people who genuinely care and take pride in providing
Counselors are standing by 24/7 waiting for your free call 1-800-861-1768 thewatershed.com Believe Again in Life. In The future. In Yourself. At The Watershed, our passion is helping addicts and alcoholics
About What is? Phoenix House is a nationally recognized and accredited behavioral healthcare provider, specializing in the treatment and prevention of substance use disorders and co-occurring substance
HOPE HELP HEALING A Place of Hope, Help and Healing Since 1910 For more than a century, Carrier Clinic has opened its hearts and its doors as a trusted, sought-after place of hope, help and healing for
Carrier Clinic has earned The Joint Commission s Gold Seal of Approval. Building on a century of compassionate care, shaping the future of behavioral health. For more than a century, Carrier Clinic has
FAMILY PROGRAM Addiction takes a toll not only on the individual, but on the family, as well. When using, addicts are selfish and selfcentered; their wants and needs are placed ahead of the ones they love.
Saving Lives Through Recovery You or someone you love is abusing drugs or alcohol. You know it and you may be scared. You are not alone. Life does not have to continue this way. The fighting and uncertainty
Cleveland Clinic Neurological Institute The Alcohol and Drug Recovery Center A Guide to Treatment The multidisciplinary Neurological Institute at Cleveland Clinic includes more than 300 medical, surgical
AH: Welcome to today s #AHchat! Our topic is Alcohol Complications for those struggling with Dual Diagnosis Issues
Tweet Chat Script from Andre Evans of Sovereign Health Treatment Center discussing Alcohol Complications for Those Struggling with Dual Diagnosis February 12, 2015 AH: Welcome to today s #AHchat! Our topic
Addiction Recovery Services The Region s Premier Provider of Behavioral Health and Addiction Recovery Services How Many People Experience Behavioral Health Issues? You d be surprised at how many. Anyone
Keywords: PPO Rehab Treatment, PPO Detox Treatment, PPO Mental Health, PPO Substance Abuse, HMO Rehab Treatment, HMO Detox Treatment, HMO Mental Health, HMO Substance Abuse, PPO vs. HMO, Choosing Insurance
Dual Diagnosis 1. Is the staff made up of a variety of professionals? Every parent wants to ensure that their child receives the best care possible. A good first step is to check the licenses and degrees
D R U G & A L C O H O L R E H A B The OHR Difference Creating a Recovery Community One Client at a Time What s the Difference? Ocean Hills Recovery provides a unique treatment approach called Collaborative
Treatment of Alcoholism Why is it important Prevents further to body by getting people off alcohol. Can prevent death. Helps keep health insurance down. Provides assistance so alcoholics don t t have to
O T E D I U G N O I T G N I S O O H C I D D A C t s e b e th T A E R T T N ME ONE SIZE DOES NOT FIT ALL You may have discovered by now in your search for treatment that there are thousands of different
State Licensed & Certified Since 2001 Joint Commission Approved S OVEREIGN HEALTH Dual-Diagnosis Treatment Program Designed for Men and Women Seeking Help with Chemical Dependency Eating Disorders and
Common Drug Rehab Concerns Does drug rehab work? How do I find the right treatment program for my loved one s needs? Does my loved one need to detox prior to entering rehab? Can my loved one leave rehab
RECOVERY STARTS TODAY // ABOUTROSEWOOD We are the first and only program to provide a complete range of care for all stages of eating disorder recovery for men, women, & adolescents. Innovative therapies,
About Us A foundation for lifelong recovery Harmony is one of the longest running and most successful addiction treatment programs in the world. We provide the foundation for sustained recovery from the
Drug & Alcohol Treatment Facility Huntington Beach, CA Welcome to s industry leading addiction treatment program. We want to thank you for taking the time to look through our materials and hope that we
Phoenix House Outpatient Treatment Services for Adults in Los Angeles and Orange Counties Phoenix House s outpatient programs offer comprehensive and professional clinical services that include intervention,
What types of treatment do you offer and how long do they last? Residential programs are structured for approximately 30-45 days. In our residential programs, clients live on campus in a structured yet
877-777-5150. more manageable non-residential. Most programs focus on substance. abuse and treat mental illness as
Most programs focus on substance abuse and treat mental illness as a secondary issue due to the needs of their client populations. We believe that without properly addressing mental illness through appropriate
The Field of Counseling. Veterans Administration one of the most honorable places to practice counseling is with the
Gainful Employment Information The Field of Counseling Job Outlook Veterans Administration one of the most honorable places to practice counseling is with the VA. Over recent years, the Veteran s Administration
The Farley Center at Williamsburg Place December 21, 2011 Seniors & Substance Abuse 22 Million Americans currently suffering with abuse or dependence 15.7% of Users 9.2% of Population Studies show that
A Sierra Tucson Report Best Practices of Top Psychiatric Hospitals 0 Introduction Since the day Sierra Tucson opened for business in 1981, we have placed great importance on adhering to the highest standards
WITH OVER 20 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE, Unity Chemical Dependency is the Rochester area s most experienced and comprehensive treatment provider. Our highly trained and dedicated team of counselors and physicians
www.ccsa.ca www.cclt.ca Frequently Asked Questions Key Questions to Consider when Seeking Substance Abuse Treatment The Canadian Centre on Substance Abuse (CCSA) has developed this document to address
LEVEL II.1 SA: INTENSIVE OUTPATIENT - Adult Definition The following is based on the Adult Criteria of the Patient Placement Criteria for the Treatment of Substance- Related Disorders of the American Society
Have you or a loved one been in treatment before and found that it did not work? Overview Drug and alcohol addiction is a prevalent disease in the United States. It affects people of all ages, ethnicities,
Evergreen Substance Abuse Treatment Center at Bergen Regional Medical Center Family Handbook for Patients Participating in the BRMC Detoxification Program Fully Accredited by the Joint Commission 230 East
Martha Brewer, MS, LPC,LADC Substance Abuse and Treatment What is a substance use disorder? Long-term and chronic illness Can affect anyone: rich or poor, male or female, employed or unemployed, young
Substance Abuse Treatment Services Struggling with drugs or alcohol? We can help. 303 730 8858 admhn.org Sarah s Story I was born into chaos, says Sarah a recovering addict. Raised by parents who abused
Detox Unit Treatment for substance abuse and dependence at HC Marbella The disease Addiction is a disease that is becoming a common problem in our society today. In actual fact, addiction is a chemical
Spencer Recovery Centers, Inc. Custom Care Laguna Beach, CA www.executiverehab.com Thank you for taking an interest in our drug and alcohol rehabilitation program! Spencer Recovery is located in the beautiful
Empowering people to improve their lives. Content TOPICS 2 ABOUT US What we do / Who we serve / Services 4 OUR PHILOSOPHY Environment matters / Holistic approach Gender specific 6 ADMISSION Assessment
What Happens During Drug Detox? Many addicts and alcoholics believe they can quit using substances on their own. But after a few painful and confidence-crushing failed attempts, the need for an inpatient
life Instead of 12 steps, our clients just take one. Create a worth living. Addiction treatment as unique as the individual in need.
Addiction treatment as unique as the individual in need. Instead of 12 steps, our clients just take one. Create a life worth living. All addiction programs are not created equally. Addiction Campuses goes
Mental Health and Substance Abuse Reporting Requirements Section 425 of P.A. 154 of 2005 By April 1, 2006, the Department, in conjunction with the Department of Corrections, shall report the following
FRN Research Report March 2011: Correlation between Patient Relapse and Mental Illness Post-Treatment
FRN Research Report March 2011: Correlation between Patient Relapse and Mental Illness Post-Treatment Background Studies show that more than 50% of patients who have been diagnosed with substance abuse
About What is? is a nationally recognized and accredited behavioral healthcare provider, specializing in the treatment and prevention of substance use disorders and co-occurring substance use and mental
1 Choosing a Quality Christian Alcohol and Drug Rehab Some people who seek alcohol and drug treatment arrive at the treatment facility longing for a renewed or a new connection with a spiritual power.
1 GUIDE TO ALCOHOLISM Understanding Alcoholism While a glass of wine with dinner or a couple of beers while watching the big game may seem like a harmless way to unwind, for 14 million Americans, it is
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) from December 2013 Behavioral Health Utilization Management Webinars
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) from December 2013 Behavioral Health Utilization Management Webinars 1. In the past we did precertifications for Residential Treatment Centers (RTC). Will this change
Parent s Guide to Choosing a Teen Treatment Center. Questions parents should think about before selecting a teen rehab
Parent s Parent s Guide to Guide Choosing to Choosing a Teen a Teen Questions parents should think about before selecting a teen rehab Parent s Parent s Guide to Guide Choosing to Choosing a Teen a Teen
A GUIDE TO BEHAVIORAL HEALTH Important information about your behavioral healthcare options in Central Texas At Seton Behavioral Health Care, we offer support and programs to lead you through life s challenges.
LEVEL I SA: OUTPATIENT INDIVIDUAL THERAPY - Adult Definition The following is based on the Adult Criteria of the Patient Placement Criteria for the Treatment of Substance-Related Disorders of the American
DMHAS ASAM SERVICE DESCRIPTIONS Please carefully review the Service Descriptions that are included in the DMHAS FFS Initiatives in this Annex A1 contract section. Initial the boxes below to identify the
888.302.5580 helpforwomen.com Addiction and Trauma Treatment Exclusively for Women The Recovery Center for Women provides expert and compassionate treatment to women suffering with addiction, trauma and
EATING DISORDERS PROGRAM Exceptional Care in an Exceptional Setting Silver Hill Hospital is an academic affiliate of Yale University School of Medicine, Department of Psychiatry. SILVER HILL HOSPITAL HIGHLIGHTS
Day Treatment Mental Health Adult Definition Day Treatment provides a community based, coordinated set of individualized treatment services to individuals with psychiatric disorders who are not able to
Providing the LGBT community a comfortable, safe alternative to traditional treatment programs for over 27 years. LGBT Program Dual Diagnosis Licensure 24-Hour Nursing Care/Detox Serene, Retreat-Like Setting
I ve been through the whole range of treatment including outpatient and residential, mainstream and alternative, court-ordered and voluntary but none of them have resonated with me like Practical Recovery.
AN OVERVIEW OF TREATMENT MODELS The 12-step Programs: Self-led groups that focus on the individual s achievement of sobriety. These groups are independent, self-supported, and are not aligned with any
Caring recoveryfornurses.com for the caregivers Nurses and healthcare professionals - trained and experienced in the art and science of caring. Yet like anyone else, they can be overcome by alcoholism
List of Local Resources for Drug Abuse: 1. Center for Motivation & Change We are a group of psychologists dedicated to better, more effective and respectful treatment for people struggling with substance
Exclusive support for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people facing addiction, mental or sexual health concerns.
Choosing the Best Substance Abuse Treatment Facility Choosing the Best Substance Abuse Treatment Facility Treatment Alternatives, located in Boca Raton, Florida is an outstanding outpatient treatment facility
Evidence Based Practice Continuum Guidelines The Division of Behavioral Health strongly encourages behavioral health providers in Alaska to implement evidence based practices and effective program models.
Copyright Recovery Connection 9/3/2011 How to Choose the Right Drug & Alcohol Addiction Treatment Program A Free Resource for Friends, Family and You Welcome. We are glad you decided to look through this
Hope House residential treatment Second-stage residential treatment in a peaceful corner of South West London
Hope House residential treatment Second-stage residential treatment in a peaceful corner of South West London Welcome to Hope House Hope House is a second-stage residential treatment centre for women,
Drug Abuse and Addiction Introduction A drug is a chemical substance that can change how your body and mind work. People may abuse drugs to get high or change how they feel. Addiction is when a drug user
866.559.2228 www.thecottagespb.com FIRST-CLASS, AFFORDABLE ADDICTION AND MENTAL HEALTH TREATMENT The Cottages of the Palm Beaches is a safe, serene and comfortable South Florida treatment facility for
Spencer Recovery Centers, Inc. Dr. Paul s at the Bay St. Pete Beach, FL www.floridatreatment.com Thank you for taking an interest in our drug and alcohol rehabilitation program! Dr. Paul s at the Bay is
Spencer Recovery Centers, Inc. Laguna Beach, CA JCAHO Accredited www.spencerrecovery.com Thank you for taking an interest in our drug and alcohol rehabilitation program! Spencer Recovery is located in
TREATMENT MODALITIES May, 2013 Treatment Modalities New York State Office of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse Services (NYS OASAS) regulates the addiction treatment modalities offered in New York State.
APPLICATION/ INFORMATION PACKAGE We are glad that you are considering coming to LIFE Recovery. For your safety and well-being, we would like you to understand what our expectations are once you are admitted
1 UNITED NATIONS Distr. GENERAL FCCC/KP/CMP/2009/5 12 June 2009 Original: ENGLISH CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES SERVING AS THE MEETING OF THE PARTIES TO THE KYOTO PROTOCOL Fifth session Copenhagen, 7 18 December 2009 Item X of the provisional agenda Proposal from the Philippines for amendments to the Kyoto Protocol Note by the secretariat 1. Article 20, paragraph 1, of the Kyoto Protocol states that any Party may propose amendments to this Protocol. Article 20, paragraph 2, of the Kyoto Protocol stipulates that amendments to this Protocol shall be adopted at an ordinary session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to this Protocol. The text of any proposed amendment to this Protocol shall be communicated to the Parties by the secretariat at least six months before the meeting at which it is proposed for adoption. The secretariat shall also communicate the text of any proposed amendments to the Parties and signatories to the Convention and, for information, to the Depositary. 2. Article 21, paragraph 2, of the Kyoto Protocol states that any Party may make proposals for an annex to this Protocol and may propose amendments to annexes to this Protocol. Article 21, paragraph 3, of the Kyoto Protocol provides that annexes to this Protocol and amendments to annexes to this Protocol shall be adopted at an ordinary session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to this Protocol. The text of any proposed annex or amendment to an annex shall be communicated to the Parties by the secretariat at least six months before the meeting at which it is proposed for adoption. The secretariat shall also communicate the text of any proposed annex or amendment to an annex to the Parties and signatories to the Convention and, for information, to the Depositary. 3. In accordance with these provisions, the Philippines, by a letter dated 11 June 2009, transmitted to the secretariat the text of a proposal for amendments to the Kyoto Protocol and a draft decision of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol for the adoption of the proposed amendments. Pursuant to Article 20, paragraph 2, and Article 21, paragraph 3, of the Kyoto Protocol, the secretariat will send a note verbale containing the text of the proposed amendments and the draft decision to all National Focal Points for climate change and Permanent Missions to the United Nations by 17 June In accordance with the same provisions, the secretariat will also communicate the proposed amendments to the Parties and signatories to the Convention and, for information, to the Depositary. 4. The Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol is invited to consider this proposal for amendments to the Kyoto Protocol at its fifth session. GE
2 Page 2 Letter dated 11 June 2009 from the Philippines proposing amendments to the Kyoto Protocol By virtue of Article 21, paragraph 2 and Art. 20, par. 1, the Republic of the Philippines, as Party to the Kyoto Protocol, submits the attached proposed amendments thereto pursuant to Art. 3, par. 9 thereof, for consideration and adoption by Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol in its Fifth session to be held in Copenhagen. In accordance with Art. 20, the Philippines requests the secretariat to communicate to the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol the attached proposed amendments at least six months before the Fifth session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol. (signed) Hon. Heherson T. Alvarez Head of Delegation Office of the Presidential Adviser on Global Warming and Climate Change
3 Page 3 Draft CMP Decision (Preamble) 1. Decides to adopt the Amendments to Annex B of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, annexed hereto; 2. Requests the Secretary-General of the United Nations to be the Depository of this Amendment to the Protocol and to open it for signature in New York from 16 March 2010 until 15 March Invites all Parties to the Protocol to sign the Amendments to Annex B on 16 March 2010 or at the earliest opportunity thereafter, and to deposit instruments of ratification, acceptance or approval, or instruments of accession where appropriate, as soon as possible; 4. Further invites States that are not parties to the Convention to ratify or accede to it, as appropriate, without delay, so that they may become Parties to the Protocol; 5. Encourages Parties to the Convention that have not yet ratified the Protocol to do so in line with the ultimate objective of the Convention as stated in Article 2 thereof.
4 Page 4 Amendment to Annex B of the Kyoto Protocol The Parties to this Amendment, Proposed by the Republic of the Philippines Being Parties to the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, hereinafter referred to as the Protocol Pursuant to Article 3, paragraph 9 thereof in the establishment of commitments for subsequent periods for Parties included in Annex I in accordance with the provisions of Article 21, paragraph 7, Guided by Article 2 and recalling Article 4 of the Convention, Have agreed as follows: Article 1 1. Annex B of the Protocol is hereby amended to include commitments for additional subsequent periods 2013 to 2017 and 2018 to 2022 for Parties included in Annex I: Annex B Quantified emission limitation or reduction commitment Party (percentage of base year or period) for the following commitment periods Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Bulgaria* Canada Croatia* Czech Republic* Denmark Estonia* European Community Finland France Germany Greece Added to Annex B by an amendment adopted pursuant to 10/CMP.2. This amendment has not yet entered into force.
5 Hungary* Iceland Ireland Italy Japan Latvia* Liechtenstein Lithuania* Luxembourg Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland* Portugal Romania* Russian Federation* Slovakia* Slovenia* Spain Sweden Switzerland Turkey Ukraine* United Kingdom United States of America * Countries that are undergoing the process of transition to a market economy. FCCC/KP/CMP/2009/5 Page 5 2. Consequential to the above amendment, the following changes to Article 3 of the Protocol are hereby adopted: (a) Addition of paragraph 1 bis The Parties included in Annex I shall, individually or jointly, ensure that their aggregate anthropogenic carbon dioxide equivalent emissions of the greenhouse gases listed in Annex A do not exceed their assigned amounts, calculated pursuant to their quantified emission reduction commitments inscribed in Annex B, as amended, and in accordance with the provisions of this Article, with the objective of reducing their overall emissions of such gases by at least 30 per cent below 1990 levels in the commitment period 2013 to 2017, by at least 50 per cent below 1990 levels in the commitment period 2018 to 2022, and by at least 95 per cent below 1990 levels by Has not yet ratified the Kyoto Protocol.
6 Page 6 (b) Amendment of the 1 st sentence of paragraph 7, to read: In every quantified emission reduction commitment period, the assigned amount for each Party included in Annex I shall be equal to the percentage inscribed for it in Annex B, as amended, of its aggregated anthropogenic carbon dioxide equivalent emissions of the greenhouse gases listed in Annex A in 1990, or the base year or period determined in accordance with paragraph 5 above, multiplied by five. (c) Amendment of the 2 nd sentence of paragraph 9, to read: The Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to this Protocol shall initiate the consideration of such commitments at least seven years before the end of the last commitment period indicated in Annex B, as amended. Article 2 1. This Amendment shall enter into force for those Parties having accepted it on the ninetieth day after the date of receipt by the Depositary of an instrument of acceptance by at least three fourths of the Parties to this Protocol. This Amendment shall enter into force for any other Party on the ninetieth day after the date on which that Party deposits with the Depository its instrument of acceptance of this amendment. For the purposes of this Article, any instrument deposited by a regional economic integration organization shall not be counted as additional to those deposited by member States of such organizations
Fact sheet: The Kyoto Protocol The Kyoto Protocol was adopted at the third Conference of the Parties to the UNFCCC (COP 3) in Kyoto, Japan, on 11 December 1997. The Protocol shares the objective and institutions
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change FCCC/KP/CMP/2010/12/Add.1 Distr.: General 15 March 2011 Original: English Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto
THE AUSTRALIA INSTITUTE Comprehensive emissions per capita for industrialised countries Hal Turton and Clive Hamilton The Australia Institute September 2001 the Parties included in Annex I shall implement
Six greenhouse gases covered by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and its Kyoto Protocol are:
Fact sheet: The need for mitigation United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change Along with adaptation, mitigation is one of the two central approaches in the international climate change process.
Recent trends in world CO 2 emissions from fuel combustion The importance of energy emissions Among the many human activities that produce greenhouse gases (GHGs), the energy sector represents nearly two-thirds
The ratification of the Kyoto-protocol in Turkey and its implementation into domestic law Cihan Avcı PhD student at the University of Heidelberg Cihan_avci@hotmail.com Terms United Nations Framework Convention
SUBMISSION BY LATVIA AND THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION ON BEHALF OF THE EUROPEAN UNION AND ITS MEMBER STATES Riga, 6 March 2015 Subject: Intended Nationally Determined Contribution of the EU and its Member States
ERASMUS+ MASTER LOANS Erasmus+ Master Loan: opening up access to more affordable lending for cross-border studies The Erasmus+ programme makes it possible for students who want to take a full Masters level
Analysis of statistics 215 January 216 ECHR Analysis of Statistics 215 Table of Contents Overview of the Court s statistics in 215... 4 A. Number of new applications... 4 B. Applications disposed of judicially
Proposed Increased Controls on Items Related to Infrared Detection (e.g., Thermal Imaging or Night Vision Capability)
Guidance on Proposed Rule Revisions to the Export Administration Regulations (EAR): Control of Fire Control, Range Finder, Optical, and Guidance and Control Equipment the President Determines No Longer
Community Trade Mark Application timeline Community Trade Marks, which cover the entire EU, are administered by the Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market (OHIM). The timeline below gives approximate
Call for photographs in support of UNEP s assessment work in the PanEuropean region Background The United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) is requesting interested persons to participate in this call
Climate change is a global challenge that can only be addressed effectively through a global effort.
Climate change is a global challenge that can only be addressed effectively through a global effort. The UN Climate Change Conference in Bali in December 2007 should decide to launch a process for achieving
6 Social Welfare Payments Indicator 6.1 Indicator 6.2 Unemployment Benefits Compared to Earnings (OECD countries) Unemployment Benefits Compared to Earnings in the Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom
Energy prices in the EU Household electricity prices in the EU rose by 2.9% in 2014 Gas prices up by 2.0% in the EU
92/2015-27 May 2015 Energy prices in the EU Household electricity prices in the EU rose by 2.9% in 2014 Gas prices up by 2.0% in the EU In the European Union (EU), household electricity prices 1 rose by
Hungary s labour market indicators continue to improve Employment rate higher again in Hungary According to the latest data, the positive trend regarding growth in the number of people in employment has
THE EUROPEAN COURT OF HUMAN RIGHTS IN FACTS & FIGURES 2014 This document has been prepared by the Public Relations Unit of the Court, and does not bind the Court. It is intended to provide basic general
Tble Home Team Visiting Team Home Team Visiting Team Home Team Visiting Team. Open Qualification Group A. 1st Round 2nd Round 3rd Round
Open Qualification Group A 14th WORLD BRIDGE GAMES OPEN SERIES Group A 1 Netherlands Mexico Chile Netherlands Netherlands Denmark 2 Saudi Arabia Bosnia & Hrzna Switzerland Jordan Spain Germany 3 Korea
Wine production PART 1. CHART 26: Area of vineyards and production of wine, share of world total (2010)
PART 1 production The region produced 16.7 million of wine in 2010, which was 64 percent of total global wine production. With 4.5 million hectares of its land covered by vineyards, the region is home
Employee eligibility to work in the UK This document details legal requirements that apply to ALL new members of staff All employers in the UK are legally bound to comply with the Asylum and Immigration
States Parties to the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and the 1967 Protocol Date of entry into force: 22 April 1954 (Convention) 4 October 1967 (Protocol) As of 1 October 2008 Total
The North Atlantic Treaty (1949) Washington D.C. - 4 April 1949 The Parties to this Treaty reaffirm their faith in the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and their desire to live
Gini Coefficient The Gini Coefficient is a measure of income inequality which is based on data relating to household s disposable income. A Gini Coefficient of zero indicates perfect income equality, whereas
Size and Development of the Shadow Economy of 31 European and 5 other OECD Countries from 2003 to 2015: Different Developments
January 20, 2015 ShadEcEurope31_January2015.doc Size and Development of the Shadow Economy of 31 European and 5 other OECD Countries from 2003 to 2015: Different Developments by Friedrich Schneider *)
The Guardianship Service How can they help you? When you arrive in Belgium Are you under the age of 18 and have you arrived in Belgium without your father or mother? You are searching for support and accommodation
Visa Information This document is intended to provide you with information on obtaining the correct visa to enter Australia to attend the Global Eco Asia-Pacific Tourism Conference however it is a guideline
U.S. Visas U.S. Department of State Bureau of Consular Affairs Citizens of Canada and Bermuda Citizens of Canada traveling to the United States do not require a nonimmigrant visa if traveling on business
Labour Force Survey 2014 Almost 10 million part-time workers in the EU would have preferred to work more Two-thirds were women
75/2015-27 April 2015 Labour Force Survey 2014 Almost 10 million part-time workers in the EU would have preferred to work more Two-thirds were women Among the 44.1 million persons in the European Union
EUROPEAN COMMISSION Brussels, 17.9.2014 C(2014) 6767 final COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION Updating of data used to calculate lump sum and penalty payments to be proposed by the Commission to the Court
International Hints and Tips Content Q: What is the cut off time for processing International payments? A: International payments must be submitted and fully approved within the cut off time indicated
Last updated: 4 September 2015 Reporting practices for domestic and total debt securities While the BIS debt securities statistics are in principle harmonised with the recommendations in the Handbook on
The summary table below shows how the composition of the trading partner groups changes on 1 January 2015 as a result of the enlargement.
1 Update of trade weights underlying effective exchange rates and harmonised competitiveness indicators as Lithuania joins the euro area on 1 January 2015 The trade weights underlying the calculation of
Gap Inc.'s Global Footprint As of the end of Q3 2016, Gap Inc. had 3,742 company operated or franchised stores in operation across 50 countries and our global brands have the ability to ship online orders
Exercise 39 The Euro At the end of this exercise you will: Know how the Euro was named Know the countries using the Euro Be able to name all the Euro notes Be able to name all the Euro coins Be able to
The An introduction to the EPO and the European patent system Siobhán Yeats Director, JC Biotechnology 6 July 2015 Our mission As the patent office for Europe, we support innovation, competitiveness and
4) Prosecution Within six months of the date of publication of the application, an "Examination Request" must be filed and an examination fee paid.
UK PATENTS (Part I) What is a Patent? A Patent is a legal, territorial monopoly giving an inventor (or his employer) the exclusive right to make, sell, import or otherwise use his invention in the territory
99/2015-9 June 2015. EU28, euro area and United States GDP growth rates % change over the previous quarter
Agreement. the cost of tr. The London Agreement. The London Agreement: The London Agree. European patents and the cost of translations
: European patents and the cost of translations the cost of tr Agreement The London Agree The London Agreem European Patent Organisation: 31 member states, 23 languages One procedure to get a European
About us. As our customer you will be able to take advantage of the following benefits: One Provider. Flexible Billing. Our Portal.
About us At RoamingExpert we specialise in mobile roaming tariffs which are tailored to the specific needs of the yachting industry. Our unique offering generates significant savings when compared to standard
Facts: Population Facts: Population 6 big nations: > 35 million (Germany, the UK, France, Italy, Spain and Poland). Netherlands: 16 million people. 8 small nations (size of a big city): 8 to 11 million:
Map #1: Answer Key. Bosnia Croatia Greece Kosovo (you have to draw in this border) Macedonia Montenegro Serbia Slovenia Crete (Greece)
Map #1: Answer Key Map #1: Answer Key Directions: Find all of these countries on the answer key and check them off as you go. Since borders are constantly changing, there are few countries missing from
in Scotland for holidaymakers from overseas In Scotland, most health care is provided by the National Health Service (NHS). If you are coming to Scotland on holiday or to visit friends or relatives, you
THE ISRAELI TAX SYSTEM Iris Stark, CPA October 2012 THE ISRAELI TAX SYSTEM Taxation in Israel is based on an individual method. Accordingly, as of 2003, all Israeli residents are liable for payment of
States Parties to the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and the 1967 The Convention was drafted and signed by the United Nations Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Status of Refugees
Report on Government Information July 1 - December 31, 2015 Apple takes our commitment to protecting your data very seriously and we work incredibly hard to deliver the most secure hardware, software and
SEPA. Changes in the Payment System Implementation of the European SEPA Regulations for Kuna and Euro Payments
SEPA Changes in the Payment System Implementation of the European SEPA Regulations for Kuna and Euro Payments SEPA The Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA) stands for a European Union (EU) payments integration
Appendix 1: Full Country Rankings Below please find the complete rankings of all 75 markets considered in the analysis. Rankings are broken into overall rankings and subsector rankings. Overall Renewable
European status report on alcohol and health 2014 Drink driving policies and countermeasures Drink driving policies and countermeasures Background Alcohol is a central nervous system depressant that impairs
International Payments Need to send money abroad securely? Trust us to get it there. Sending money abroad with Lloyds TSB. It s easy and secure. As a Lloyds TSB customer, if you need to send money overseas,
Report on Government Information January 1 - June 30, 2015 Apple takes our commitment to protecting your data very seriously and we work incredibly hard to deliver the most secure hardware, software and
Applying for Pension from Abroad. Did you know that you can apply for a pension even for work you did abroad in the 1960s?
Applying for Pension from Abroad Did you know that you can apply for a pension even for work you did abroad in the 1960s? The Finnish Centre for Pensions is at your service when you apply for a pension
International Business Parcels Rate Card Effective from 29th March 2016 International Business Parcels is a service with a range of sorting and delivery options for parcels. Pricing your parcels Once you
1 appears Office of Research Scott D. Jackson, Commissioner FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE July 2016 Data CT Unemployment Rate = 5.7% US Unemployment Rate = 4.9% State unemployment rate declines to 5.7% in July; nonfarm jobs up 1,700 WETHERSFIELD, August 18, 2016 Preliminary Connecticut nonfarm job estimates from the business survey administered by the US Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) show the state added 1,700 jobs (0.10%) during July 2016 to a level of 1,693,000, seasonally adjusted. Since July 2015, nonagricultural employment in the state has grown by approximately 20,200 positions (1.21%, 1,683 jobs per month). June s originally released job gain of 7,900 (0.47%) was revised down to 5,800 (0.34%). Year-to-date seasonally adjusted job growth is 13,000 through July. Connecticut s unemployment rate for July 2016 was calculated at 5.7%, seasonally adjusted (based on the CPS - Current Population Survey and statistical models). This is down one-tenth of a percentage point from the revised June 2016 rate of 5.8% but higher by three-tenths of a percentage point from a year ago (5.4%). The number of the state s unemployed declined by 1,904 (-1.7%) in July. There is uniformly good news in our employment surveys last month, said Andy Condon, Director of the Office of Research. Payroll jobs grew. Our labor force grew and we saw our unemployment rate decline for the first time since August of last year. Nonfarm Jobs Detail (business establishment survey) July 2016 preliminary seasonally adjusted nonfarm job estimates reveal a 1,700 (0.10%) monthly job gain, as five of the ten major industry supersectors added jobs. Since July 2015, the state has increased nonagricultural employment by 20,200 positions (1.21%) with all ten major industry supersectors contributing to job gains. Private sector employment in the state, at 1,453,700, was up by 3,000 (0.21%) in July and higher by 20,100 jobs (1.40%, 1,675 jobs per month) over the year. The government supersector lost 1,300 jobs (-0.54%, 239,300) last month but still remains slightly positive over the year (100, 0.04%). Five of the ten major industry supersectors increased nonfarm jobs in July 2016 and five declined on a seasonally adjusted basis. Leisure and hospitality (1,700, 1.1%, 154,600 jobs) and the trade, transportation & utilities (1,700, 0.6%, 298,200 jobs) added the most jobs last month. Restaurants and accommodations (1,500, 1.2%, 125,700 jobs) boosted leisure while retail trade (1,300, 0.7%, 182,200 positions) rebounded in trade and transportation, after declining two months in a row. Leisure and hospitality (3,900, 2.6%) now leads in numeric job growth over the year. The professional and business services supersector (1,200, 0.5%, 219,400) added positons as well, on the strength in administrative services (1,800, 2.0%, 90,300 jobs). Smaller job gains came from the other services (400, 0.6%, 67,500 jobs) and the manufacturing (300, 0.2%, 159,900 positions) supersectors. The small other services supersector leads the ten major industry supersectors in percentage growth over the year (3,500, 5.5%). The government (-1,300, -0.5%, 239,300) supersector led all declining employment industry supersectors in July. Local (-1,000, -0.7%, 151,300 jobs) and state (-300, -0.4%, 70,300 positions) government were both lower while the federal government was unchanged. The private education and health services (-900, -0.3%, 328,400 jobs) supersector posted the next largest monthly job decline. The construction and mining (-600, -1.0%, 58,600 jobs) industry supersector was also lower for the second month in a row. Smaller job losses also arose from the information (-500, -1.5%, 33,500) and the financial activities (-300, -0.2%, 133,600) supersectors. Recession recovery: Connecticut has now recovered 98,800 positions, or 83.0% of the 119,100 seasonally adjusted total nonfarm jobs that were lost in the state during the March February 2010 employment recession. The state needs to reach the 1,713,300 seasonally adjusted job mark to enter an employment expansion. This will require 20,300 additional nonfarm jobs to be created. Connecticut s nonfarm jobs recovery is now 77 months old and is averaging roughly 1,283 jobs per month since February 2010.
2 2 Connecticut s private sector has reclaimed employment at a better pace, recovering 107,200 (96.0%, about 1,392 jobs per month) of the 111,700 private sector positions that were lost during that same employment downturn. The government supersector has lost another 8,400 positions since the employment recovery began in February 2010, in addition to the 7,400 jobs the sector lost in the recession (Native American employment on reservations, including casinos, are calculated in local government in Connecticut). Connecticut Labor Market Areas (LMAs): Nonfarm employment gains were calculated in three of the four Connecticut labor market areas (LMA s, NECTA s in England - England City and Town Areas) that are seasonally adjusted by the BLS, while the Norwich- London-Westerly LMA was unchanged at 128,800. The largest Connecticut labor market area, the Hartford-West Hartford-East Hartford LMA (1,900, 0.3%, 575,100 jobs) posted the best regional employment gain last month, while the Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk LMA (700, 0.2%, 415,200) and the Haven LMA (200, 0.1%, 284,400 jobs) exhibited smaller monthly job gains as well. Over the year, the Haven LMA (5,100, 1.8%, 284,400 jobs) now leads in yearly percentage job growth (1.8%) while the Hartford-West Hartford-East Hartford LMA (6,600, 1.2%, 575,100) now leads in numeric job growth (6,600). All four of these seasonally adjusted NECTA s are adding jobs over the year. Note: Six major Connecticut LMAs are estimated independently from the statewide data by the BLS and cover more than 90% of the nonfarm employment in the state. Thus estimates will not fully sum to the statewide total. Only four of the six BLS estimated labor markets are seasonally adjusted. The Danbury LMA and the Waterbury LMA are not seasonally adjusted at this time due to a recent geography change. Hours and Earnings: The private sector workweek, not seasonally adjusted, averaged 33.6 hours in July 2016, up two-tenths of an hour from the same month a year ago (0.6%). Average hourly earnings at $30.15, not seasonally adjusted, were up $1.35, or 4.7%, from the July 2015 hourly earnings estimate ($28.80). The resultant average private sector weekly pay amounted to $1,013.04, up $51.12, or 5.3% higher than a year ago. Note: Other data sources do not support this aggressive level of wage growth. The 12-month percent change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U, U.S. City Average, not seasonally adjusted) in July 2016 was 0.8%. Information for the manufacturing production workweek and earnings can be found in the table section of this release under the Hours and Earnings data category. Current all-employee private sector hours and earnings estimates can be volatile due to fluctuating sample responses. Labor Force Data (residential household survey) The July 2016 unemployment rate for Connecticut was estimated at 5.7% (seasonally adjusted), down one-tenth of a percentage point from June 2016 (5.8%). This is the first outright decline in the state s unemployment rate since August 2015 when the jobless rate went from 5.4% to 5.3%. The state s jobless rate is still three-tenths of percentage point higher than a year ago (5.4%). The US unemployment rate was calculated at 4.9% in July, unchanged from June 2016, but is down four-tenths of a percentage point from the July 2015 rate (5.3%). Unemployment: Based on the Local Area Unemployment Statistics model (LAUS - a statistical model applying the CPS the Current Population Survey residential data), the number of Connecticut unemployed residents, seasonally adjusted, decreased by 1,904 (-1.7%) over the month to 108,596 in July Over the year, the number of the state s jobless residents has increased by 7,056 (6.9%). The state s labor force increased marginally (309, less than 0.1%) over the month, but is expanding moderately over the year (15,092, 0.8%). The July 2016 seasonally adjusted average weekly initial unemployment claims for first-time filers in Connecticut decreased by 1,225 claimants (-25.0%) to 3,671 from June 2016 (4,896), and were also down by 227 claims (-5.8%) from the July 2015 level of 3,898. The large claims decline last month seemed to offset the larger education-related increase in June. The nonfarm employment estimate, derived from a survey of businesses, is a measure of jobs in the state; the unemployment rate and labor force estimates are based on a household survey, and measure the work status of people who live in Connecticut. Overall, as the national and state economies recover, volatility in monthly numbers
3 3 can be expected. Job and employment estimates are best understood in the context of their movement over several months rather than observed changes in a single month s value. Next Connecticut Labor Situation release: Monday, September 19, 2016 (August 2016 data) Contact: Communications Office (860) Labor market information is available on the Internet at Folly Brook Boulevard, Wethersfield, CT An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
5 UNEMPLOYMENT Persons Unemployed - by Place of Residence CONNECTICUT AND THE UNITED STATES - Seasonally Adjusted July 2016 P July 2015 R Change June 2016 R Number Rate Number Rate Number Points Number Rate CONNECTICUT Unemployed 108, , , , Labor Force 1,900,900 1,885,800 15,100 1,900,600 UNITED STATES Unemployed 7,770, ,249, , ,783, Labor Force 159,287, ,115,000 2,172, ,880, U.S. AND CONNECTICUT UNEMPLOYMENT RATES - Seasonally Adjusted Percent Unemployed US CT 4.0 J F M A M J J A S O N D J F M A M J J A S O N D J F M A M J J A S O N D 2014 LABOR MARKET AREAS - Not Seasonally Adjusted July 2016 P July 2015 R Change June 2016 R Number Rate Number Rate Number Points Number Rate Bridgeport-Stamford 26, , , Danbury 5, , , Danielson-Northeast* 2, , , Worcester NECTA 2, , , Hampton Enfield 2, , , Hartford 36, , , Haven 18, , , Norwich- London 8, , , Torrington-Northwest** 2, , , Torrington NECTA 1, , , Litchfield Waterbury 7, , , CONNECTICUT 109, , , , UNITED STATES 8,267, ,805, , ,144, P = Preliminary R = Revised Labor force data included in this publication are developed in cooperation with the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics. * Worcester NECTA, CT part and Hampton LMA are combined ** Torrington Micropolitan NECTA and Litchfield LMA are combined
7 T R E N D S Seasonally Adjusted Nonfarm Total Unemployment Employment (000s) Rate 2015 Jan 1, Feb 1, Mar 1, Apr 1, May 1, Jun 1, Jul 1, Aug 1, Sep 1, Oct 1, Nov 1, Dec 1, Thousands 1, , , , , , , , ,655.0 Nonfarm Employment SA 3 MMA 2016 Jan 1, Feb 1, Mar 1, Apr 1, May 1, Jun 1,691.3 R 5.8 R Jul 1,693.0 P 5.7 P Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Percent Total Unemployment Rate Avg Weekly All Employee Initial Claims Weekly Hours* 2015 Jan 4, Feb 4, Mar 4, Apr 4, May 3, Jun 4, Jul 3, Aug 4, Sep 3, Oct 3, Nov 3, Dec 3, Jan 3, Feb 3, Mar 3, Apr 3, May 4, Jun 4, R Jul 3, P Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Average Weekly Initial Claims 5,000 4,800 4,600 4,400 4,200 4,000 3,800 3,600 3,400 3,200 3,000 All Employee Weekly Hours * Not seasonally adjusted P = Preliminary R = Revised ** Labor-management dispute
Connecticut Single Family Home Sales: 2008:Q1 Overview There were 4,892 sales of single family homes in Connecticut during the 1 ST quarter of 2008, a decrease of 1,815 from the previous quarter, and of
Eviction and Foreclosure Prevention Program Description: The Eviction and Foreclosure Prevention Program is a statewide program designed to prevent evictions and foreclosures through mediation and a Rent
Addendum: Evaluating the Distribution of State Categorical Aids in Connecticut In the main body of our report, Evaluating Connecticut s Education Cost Sharing Program, School Funding and Educational Resources,
Bureau of Rehabilitation Services /CT Tech Act Project Description of Assistive Technology, (AT), Services
Description: Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services The Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services (DMHAS) is the state healthcare service agency responsible for health promotion and
2014 Connecticut School Breakfast REPORT CARD Long gone are the days when families have time in the morning to sit down at the kitchen table for breakfast. A recent social impact analysis conducted by
AGING, DISABILITY AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE RECOVERY RESOURCES Courtesy of The University of Connecticut Center on Disabilities, The Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services, and The Department of
CONNECTICUT YOUTH SERVICES ASSOCIATION. An Examination of Youth Service Bureaus and Juvenile Review Boards
CONNECTICUT YOUTH SERVICES ASSOCIATION An Examination of Youth Service Bureaus and Juvenile Review Boards 1 Part One A History of Youth Service Bureaus in Connecticut The Connecticut Youth Services Association,
Section XV Services for Persons with Disabilities Description: Acquired Brain Injury (ABI) Waiver The Social Work Services Division of the Department of Social Services implements the Acquired Brain Injury
Public and Private Secondary Schools Invited to Participate in the Hartford National College Fair School City State A I Prince Regional Vocational-Technical School Hartford CT Academy of Our Lady of Mercy
How Small Claims Court Works Form JDP-CV-45 Important Changes July 1, 2012 Page 10: Section 2 THE DEFENDANT S CASE (person being sued) How do I answer the claim? 2. If you think that the plaintiff owes
The State of Children and Families in the Greater Hartford Area February 27, 2014 CONNECTICUT VOICES FOR CHILDREN
Connecticut Directory Of Freestanding Facilities Connecticut June 2016 Welcome This is a directory of participating freestanding facilities in Connecticut that offer services to Oxford plan members. If
Career and Technical Student Organizations Serving Career and Technical Education Students in Connecticut 1 Career and Technical Education (CTE) is helping our nation address key challenges such as workforce
CONNECTICUT 2012-13 SCHOOL CLASSIFICATIONS Issued by the Connecticut Department of Education (CSDE); November 2013. This is a list of all Connecticut public schools and their school classification. The
Executive Summary of 2015 School Finance Related Legislation Even with a significant budget deficit forecast for and FY 2016-17, the adopted biennial budget included significant new investments in the
Property Tax Relief for Older Adults: A Profile of Connecticut s Local Programs January 2015 (Updated February 13, 2015) Prepared by A Nonpartisan Public Policy and Research Office of the Connecticut General
Connecticut Technical High School System Connecticut State Department of Education HEATING and COOLING and SHEET METAL(SM-2) APPRENTICESHIP INFORMATION PACKET 2013-14 Covering the following licenses: S-2
GOV. MALLOY: $10.9 MILLION IN FEDERAL GRANTS AWARDED TO 31 CT TOWNS (HARTFORD, CT) - Governor Dannel P. Malloy today announced that 31 Connecticut towns have been awarded a total of $10,987,840 by the
New Jersey Private Sector Employment Up by 57,500 Jobs Over the Past Year Preliminary Data: July Employment Contracts
Health Care. Where to Get. When It s Not. an Emergency. Unsure of where to get care when you are sick or injured?
Where to Get Health Care When It s Not an Emergency Unsure of where to get care when you are sick or injured? Your Guide to Emergency Room alternatives! Always contact your primary care physician, if possible
Gaps in Coverage for Pregnant Women and New Mothers in HUSKY A (Medicaid) Mary Alice Lee, PhD Sarah Esty October 2012 [Type a quote from the document or the summary of an interesting point. You can position
The Connecticut Green Bank: Market Transformation and Financing for clean energy and energy efficiency
The Connecticut Green Bank: Market Transformation and Financing for clean energy and energy efficiency Compilation Video 2 Energy Challenge in Connecticut High Cost CT has THE highest cost for electricity
Locally Coordinated Public Transit - Human Services Transportation Plan for the State of Connecticut
Locally Coordinated Public Transit - Human Services Transportation Plan for the State of Connecticut as required under the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act A Legacy for
1-855-CTDENTAL (1-855-283-3682). Some services may require prior authorization. If you have any questions regarding your coverage, please contact our call center. We are available Monday through Friday,
Issue: December 31, SUMMER YOUTH EMPLOYMENT PROGRAM Funded this Year by the: State of Connecticut With Leveraged Funds from Select Municipalities and Foundations, Department of Children and Families, DEEP
Labor Market News Michigan s July 2016 Vol. 72, Issue No. 5 Percent Michigan s May Jobless Rate Edges Upward Seasonally To 4.5 Percent Michigan s unemployment rate (not seasonally adjusted) edged up by
Western Connecticut Area Agency on Aging and Connecticut Community Foundation Transportation Resource Guide for Northwestern CT The Western CT. Area Agency on Aging, Inc., (WCAAA) and the Connecticut Community
Program Advertising Corporate Sponsorship & Business Advertising 6 Great Holiday Shows Manchester High School s Bailey Auditorium Dec 12 at 2pm & 7pm Dec 13 at 2pm Dec 19 at 2pm and 7pm Dec 20 at 2pm Local
Impacts of Government Jobs in Lake County Oregon April 2011 Prepared by Betty Riley, Executive Director South Central Oregon Economic Development District Annual Average Pay Based on Oregon Labor Market
Employment Situation: Ohio and U.S. (Seasonally Adjusted) 25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000 5,000 -5, , ,000. In This Issue
Civilian Labor Force Ohio s unemployment rate was 4.8 percent in July 216, down from 5. in June and up from 4.7 percent one year ago. The U.S. unemployment rate was 4.9 percent, unchanged from June and
ATTACHMENT II. The Application includes the forms listed below. These must be completed and submitted in accordance with the Network requirements:
Application Submission Punch List - Conversion Network The Application includes the forms listed below. These must be completed and submitted in accordance with the Network requirements: RFQ Application
Actual, 1997 to 2001 Projected. Included are three quasi-public academies Norwich Free Academy, Gilbert School and Woodstock Academy.
Business and Employment Changes Announced in the News Media 1. In October 2015, MC Credit Partners announced it will be moving to the state from New York, adding 26 jobs over the next four years. October
Connecticut Early Childhood Recognition Reception October 17, 2014 Welcome and Opening Remarks Harriet Feldlaufer, Director, Division of Early Care and Education Office of Early Childhood Presentation
Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development Construction Employment in the Twin Cities April 14, 2016 Tim O Neill Regional Analysis & Outreach Unit Minnesota Dept. of Employment & Economic
Business and Employment Changes Announced in the News Media 1. In June 2016, FedEx announced it will open a new distribution hub in 2018 in Middletown and hire 500 workers. Primark, a fashion retailer,
Connecticut Clean Water Fund Supporting the Planning, Design, and Construction of Municipal Water Quality Projects Daniel C. Esty Commissioner Department of Energy and Environmental Protection Administration
STATE OF CONNECTICUT Local Emergency Management Director & Municipal Official Handbook Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection Division of Emergency Management and Homeland Security Prepared
Adult Education Directory 2015-2016 Table of Contents 1 Department Staff 2 List of Towns 10 ATDN Training Staff CT State Department of Education Bureau of Health/Nutrition, Family Services and Adult Education
Jan 1963 $17,200 (NA) Feb 1963 $17,700 (NA) Mar 1963 $18,200 (NA) Apr 1963 $18,200 (NA) May 1963 $17,500 (NA) Jun 1963 $18,000 (NA) Jul 1963 $18,400 (NA) Aug 1963 $17,800 (NA) Sep 1963 $17,900 (NA) Oct
Office of Workforce Development Bureau of Labor Market Information Leading Indicators August 1 The Ohio leading indicator index remained steady in August at 9.9, indicating there will be only weak employment
GREATER ST. LOUIS EMPLOYMENT SUMMARY July 2016 Preliminary Data Prepared August 31, 2016 OVERVIEW The nation s seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was 4.9 percent in July, unchanged from June. The region
For Immediate Release September 14, 2016 Unemployment Rate Down in August in the Silver State CARSON CITY, NV Nevada s unemployment rate fell to a seasonally-adjusted 6.3 percent in August. This is down
Health Insurance and Home Care Programs ACCESS AGENCIES Program Description: Access Agencies assist older individuals to receive home and community based services in their own homes, thereby enabling elders
MACRO Report: Review of Wyoming s Economy Economic Update as of June 30, The MACRO Report is a quarterly publication comprised of charts focusing on energy, employment, state revenues, and other indicators
Connecticut s Federally Qualified Health Centers Presented by Deb Polun Community Health Center Association of Connecticut Covering Connecticut s Kids & Families Meeting September 28, 2015 1 About the
Assets=Liabilities + Owner s Equity. Owner s Equity= Owner s Capital (Investments) Drawings + Profit OR Loss
Download "Assets=Liabilities + Owner s Equity. Owner s Equity= Owner s Capital (Investments) Drawings + Profit OR Loss"
1 Chapter 1~3 Important formulas Assets=Liabilities + Owner s Equity An expansion: Owner s Equity= Owner s Capital (Investments) Drawings + Profit OR Loss [Note: Owner s capital includes investments by the owner of the company. For example, when the owner is putting his personal money or equipment etc. into the business, that is considered as an Owner s investment Drawings account is used when the owner is taking out money from the business for his/her personal use.] Assets=Liabilities + Owner s Capital Drawings +Profit OR Loss Financial Statements: Prepare Income Statement and calculate for profit or loss. Prepare Statement of Owner s equity. Beginning Owner s Capital + investments + profit drawings loss = Ending Owner s Capital [Note: In the same period of time, the company can have either profit or loss. The two cannot happen at the same time.] Prepare Balance Sheet Remember that total assets have to equal total liabilities + total owner s equity We use the ending amount of owner s capital calculated from the Statement of Owner s Equity in the Balance Sheet. Cash Flow Statement may be prepared separately, but the ending balance of cash has to be the same as the cash amount in the Balance Sheet. March.30, 2012 Page 1
2 Account Classifications Assets: Cash, Accounts Receivable, Notes Receivable, Interest Receivable, Supplies, Equipment, Prepaid Insurance, Land, Building, Machinery, Furniture and fixtures Liabilities: Accounts Payable, Notes Payable, Interest Payable, Unearned Revenue Owner s Equity: Owner s name, capital [Note: Owner s capital includes profit OR loss, owner s investments and drawings. Profit OR loss= revenues expenses] Tips for Journalizing Transactions 1. When the owner invests his/her personal asset such as cash into the business, it is a credit for owner s name, capital account. 2. When the owner withdraws money from the company for his/her personal use, it is a debit for owner s name, drawings account. 3. Billed, on account or on credit means no cash transaction was made yet so either you didn t pay other people or other people didn t pay you so you ll have to use a receivable account or payable account. 4. Accounts Payable will increase when the amount you owe other people increases. Therefore, you ll have a credit for Accounts Payable. Accounts Payable will decrease when you pay back money therefore you ll incur a debit for Accounts Payable. 5. Accounts Receivable will increase when the amount other people owe you increases. Therefore, you ll have a debit for Accounts Receivable. Accounts Receivable will decrease as you collect money from those people. Thus, you ll have a credit for Accounts Receivable. 6. When question states Paid $ that means cash has been paid and therefore will result in a credit for Cash. 7. When question states Received $ that means cash was received and thus results in a debit for Cash. March.30, 2012 Page 2
3 8. Rent paid for the current month is a Rent Expense but rent paid for more than the current period is a Prepaid Rent. For example, rent payment for the entire year is a Prepaid Rent and it s an asset account because it brings us benefits for the future. [Note: the benefit is that we don t have to pay monthly rent for the entire year since we already paid for it right now.] We record Rent Expense after each month as we use it up. 9. If the question did not ask us to use Cash Basis, assume Accrual Basis of Accounting is being used. 10. Under Accrual Basis of Accounting, Revenue is recorded whenever services are performed. Thus, if question states Performed services or Provided services we need to record as revenue. Thus, it will be a credit in Sales Revenue, Revenue or Fees Earned. T accounts (Pattern Memorization Tip) Debit is always on the left side and Credit is always on the right. Recall the formula: Assets = Liabilities + Owner s Equity Notice how Assets is by itself on the left side of the equation and Liabilities and Owner s Equity are together on the right side of the equation. Furthermore, Owner s Equity can be divided up into four categories with a positive sign before Owner s Capital and Revenues and a negative sign before Drawings and Expenses. If we move Drawings and Expenses to the left side of the equation, we would have the following formula: Assets + Drawings + Expenses = Liabilities + Owner s Capital + Revenues [Note: the formula above is only used to help you to memorize the T account patterns faster. It should not be used in any other case.] Look at the equation above. The accounts on the left side have the same T account pattern and the accounts on the right side have the same T account pattern. March.30, 2012 Page 3
4 (The following space is left blank for you to make your own coloured T- accounts. ) Adjusting Entries Adjusting Entries are made at each year end to make sure expenses and revenues are recorded in the correct period. 4 types of adjusting entries -Prepaid Expense: expenses paid and were recorded as a Prepaid Expense asset account. Now some parts need to be converted into expense. Usually, it s a Debit of Expense and credit of Prepaid. For example, debit Insurance Expense and credit Prepaid Insurance - Accrued Expense: expenses incurred but not yet recorded. Usually, it s a debit of Expense and a credit of Payable. For example, debit Interest Expense and credit Interest Payable. -Unearned Revenues: Cash was received before services were provided by us. Thus, it was recorded as a liability in Unearned Revenues account. Once we have provided the service we convert it into revenue. Usually, it s a debit of Unearned Revenue and a credit of Service Revenue. -Accrued Revenues: We have already provided the service however cash is not yet received or we haven t recorded the transaction yet. Usually, it s a debit of Accounts Receivable and a credit of Service Revenue. March.30, 2012 Page 4
5 Additional Practice Question The following Balance Sheet is given. Note that ABC Corporation s year end is on June 30 th and it prepares financial statements on a yearly basis. ABC Corporation Balance Sheet Year Ended June 30, 2010 Assets Cash $22,533.2 Accounts Receivable 5,000 Interest Receivable 175 Note Receivable 10,000 Prepaid Insurance 6000 Supplies 6,700 Equipment 9,902 Less: Accumulated depreciation equipment Building 100,000 Less: Accumulated depreciation-building 10,000 90,000 Land 18,500 Total assets 167,820 Liabilities Liabilities and Owner s Equity Accounts Payable $8714 Interest Payable 160 Note Payable 15,000 March.30, 2012 Page 5
6 Unearned Service Revenue 9890 Total liabilities Owner s equity Y.Yang, Capital 134,056 Total Liabilities and owner s equity 167,820 Additional Information: 1. March 15/2010, lent $10,000 to BestWishes Organization and signed a 4 month note with a 6% interest. Interest and principal due on maturity. 2. June 30/2010, purchased one year insurance for $ Jan.1/2010, borrowed $8000 from AceExams Corporation and signed an 8 month note with 4% interest. Interest and principal due at maturity. 4. June 30/2010, borrowed $7000 from MagicPower Limited and signed a 1 year note with 2% interest. Interest and principal due on maturity. 5. June 29/2010, received $9890 from Pure Blue organization for services to be provided in the following month. 6. By the end of the fiscal year, ABC Corporation has $500 supplies left on hand. 7. Equipment and building both have 10 years of useful life with no residual value. The company is using straight line method. Transactions: 1. July 15, collected principal and interest due from BestWishes. 2. Jul. 18 provided service for $105,588 cash 3. July 20, provided services for Pure Blue organization. 4. July 30, purchased new equipment from GoldenRing Co. for $4000, paid $1000 cash and signed a $3000, 3.5% note payable due in 2 months. Interest and principal due on maturity. 5. Sept. 1, paid back AceExams interest and principal 6. Sept. 30, paid back GoldenRing Co. amount owing. 7. Oct. 2, purchased $700 of supplies on account. 8. Oct. 31 purchased 1 year $6780 insurance for equipment purchased from GoldenRing Co. 9. Nov. 1 paid for supplies purchased on Oct.2 March.30, 2012 Page 6
12 ABC Corporation Income Statement Year Ended June 30, 2011 Revenues Service Revenue $ Interest Revenue 25 Total revenues Expenses Interest expense Insurance expense Supplies expense 6900 Depreciation expense-equipment Depreciation expense- building Total expenses Profit $ ABC Corporation Statement of Owner s Equity Year Ended June 30, 2011 Y. Yang, capital, June 30, 2010 $ Add: Profit Y. Yang, capital, June 30, 2011 $ March.30, 2012 Page 12
14 Chapter 4 Completion of the Accounting Cycle Temporary Accounts and Permanent Accounts Temporary accounts include owner s drawings account and Income Statement accounts such as revenues and expenses. Balance Sheet accounts are permanent accounts. By the end of the accounting period, all the temporary accounts will be closed into the permanent account Owner s Capital. Closing Entry Steps 1. Close revenue accounts into Income Summary. When Revenue has its normal balance of credit we close it by debiting Revenue and crediting Income Summary. 2. Close expense accounts into Income Summary. When Expense has its normal balance of debit we close it by crediting Expense and debiting Income Summary. 3. Close Income Summary into Owner s Capital. -If the company has profit then its Income Summary would have a credit balance. In this case to close Income Summary we need to debit Income Summary and Credit Owner s Capital. -If the company has a loss then its Income Summary would have a debit balance. Thus, to close Income Summary we need credit Income Summary and debit Owner s Capital. 4. Close Drawings into Owner s Capital. When Drawings has its normal balance of debit we close it by crediting Drawings and debiting Owner s Capital. [Tip: Closing the account means turning the ending balance of the account into 0. Therefore, if the account has a debit balance we would credit it by the same number. For example, Service Revenue has an ending balance of $15000 credit. To close it, we debit Service Revenue by $15000 and credit Income Summary by $15000.] March.30, 2012 Page 14
15 The Difference between Trial Balance, Adjusted Trial Balance and Post- Closing Trial Balance - Trial Balance is prepared at the end of the period before adjusting entries are done. - Adjusted Trial Balance is prepared after the adjusting entries are done. - Post-Closing Trial Balance is prepared after the adjusting entries and closing entries are done. It only includes permanent accounts and their balances. Correcting Entries We need to record correcting entries only when error occurs in our previous transactions. Two Methods in correcting an error: Correct the error by first reversing the incorrect entry that was previously recorded then put in the correct entry. Directly correct the error without reversing the incorrect entry. Example 1: annual depreciation on equipment of $6000 was debited to Depreciation Expense and credited to Equipment. Method 1: Using the first method, we need to reverse the error first. Reversing the error means the account that was recorded as a debit before needs to be credited. Also, the previously recorded credit should be debited. Equipment 6000 Depreciation Expense 6000 After that, we need to put in the correct entry (what should have been recorded in the first place). Depreciation Expense 6000 Accumulated Depreciation - Equipment 6000 March.30, 2012 Page 15
16 Method 2: In this method, we correct the error without reversing the incorrect entry. Thus, we need to combine the entries from method 1 into one entry. Equipment 6000 Accumulated Depreciation Equipment 6000 [Note: In Method 1, we have debited and credited Depreciation Expense by the same amount. Therefore, it cancels each other.] Example 2: The accrual of wages of $865 was debited to Wages and credited to Cash. Method 1: Method 2: Cash 865 Wages 865 Wages Expense 865 Wages Payable 865 Cash 865 Wages Expense 865 Wages 865 Wages Payable 865 Example 3: Purchased $906 of Supplies was recorded as a debit to supplies of $609 and credit to cash of $609. Method 1: Cash 609 Supplies 609 Supplies 906 Cash 906 March.30, 2012 Page 16
17 Method 2: Supplies 297 Cash 297 In method 2 we combine the two entries from method 1 together as shown in the following T accounts. Supplies Cash Therefore, we end up with a debit of 297 for Supplies and a credit of 297 for cash. March.30, 2012 Page 17
18 Chapter 5 Accounting for Merchandising Operations Difference between the two Inventory Systems Perpetual inventory system keeps track of what happens to merchandise inventory after every purchase or sale. By the end of the period the actual number of inventory on hand should be the same as the one recorded in the company s books. If it s not the same, adjusting entries need to be made. Example: Ending inventory on books showed a balance of $6100. After a physical count, only $6000 is left on hand. Therefore, $100 of merchandise inventory is missing. To adjust for this number, we record: Cost of Goods Sold 100 Merchandise Inventory 100 Periodic inventory system do NOT keep track of what happens to merchandise inventory account after every purchase or sale. Instead, by the end of the period, the company will take a physical count and adjust for cost of goods sold. Formula: Beginning Inventory + Cost of Goods Purchased Ending Inventory = Cost of Goods Sold Shipping Payments(For Perpetual System) FOB Shipping Point Buyer pays for freight cost. When buyer pays for the shipping, it is considered as part of their inventory cost. The entry is shown as followed: Merchandise Inventory Cash FOB Destination Seller pays for freight cost. When the seller pays for the shipping cost it is not considered as part of the inventory cost but an expense for them. Freight Out Cash March.30, 2012 Page 18
19 Journal Entries (Perpetual System) If you are the Buyer Purchase merchandise on account Merchandise Inventory Accounts Payable Returned merchandise on account Accounts Payable Merchandise Inventory Paid for merchandise purchased on account within the discount period Accounts Payable Merchandise Inventory Cash [Note: If the company paid back within the discount period, the amount of discount is considered as a reduction of the cost of the merchandise that was originally purchased. For example: You purchased a pair of pants that were originally $70 and you have taken a 10% discount ($7) on it. Therefore, in total you only paid $63 so the pants are worth $63 for you, not $70. This is why we subtract the discount amount from Merchandise Inventory.] Paid for merchandise purchased on account after the discount period Accounts Payable Cash March.30, 2012 Page 19
20 If you are the Seller Sold merchandise on account Accounts Receivable Sales Cost of Goods Sold Merchandise Inventory Buyer returned merchandise to us Sales Return and Allowances Accounts Receivable If the merchandise is in good condition and can be sold to other customers then we need to record the following transaction. If not then the following transaction may be ignored. Merchandise Inventory Cost of Goods Sold Buyer paid us within the discount period Cash Sales Discounts Accounts Receivable [Note: Sales Return and Allowances and Sales Discounts are contra revenue accounts. They work in the opposite direction with Sales. Net Sales = Sales Sales Return and Allowances Sales Discounts If Sales Return and Allowances or Sales Discounts increase, Net Sales would decrease.] March.30, 2012 Page 20
22 If you are the Seller Sold merchandise on account Accounts Receivable Sales Buyer returned merchandise to us Sales Return and Allowances Accounts Receivable Buyer paid us within the discount period Cash Sales Discounts Accounts Receivable Income Statements For Single-Step Income Statement format please refer to your textbook on page 263. For Multi- Step Income Statement format under Perpetual System please refer to your textbook on page 266. For Multi-Step Income Statement format under Periodic System please refer to your textbook on page 274. March.30, 2012 Page 22
23 Chapter 6 Inventory Costing Three Inventory Cost Determination Methods Specific Identification FIFO (First-In, First-Out) Average For Specific Identification, the cost of goods sold can be tracked towards a specific inventory. This method is usually used for inventory with significant costs and which can be easily identified. FIFO and Average are used for inventories with insignificant costs and are not easily identified. FIFO (First-In, First-Out) Just as it sounds, First-In First-Out means the goods we purchased first should the ones that are sold first. Average Cost Under this method, average cost needs to be calculated after each purchase. Ratios Inventory Turnover = Days Sales in Inventory = March.30, 2012 Page 23
24 Jan.1 Purchased 200 units at $6 each FIFO & Average Cost Example Jan.15 Purchased 150 units at $7.5 each Jan. 19 Sold 300 units for $15 each Feb. 1 Purchased 100 units for $5 each FIFO Purchases Cost of Goods Sold Balance Date Units Cost Total Units Cost Total Units Cost Total Jan x6= Jan x7.5= Jan = Feb x5= Average Purchases Cost of Goods Sold Balance Date Units Cost Total Units Cost Total Units Cost Total Jan x6= Jan x7.5= = = = Jan = Feb x5= = 150 = = [Note: FIFO and Average Cost are methods used to determine costs. Therefore, for the January 19 transaction we do not use $15 in our chart. However, we will need to use $15 when calculating for Sales and Accounts Receivable.] March.30, 2012 Page 24
25 Chapter 7 Internal Control and Cash Debit Card, Credit Card Transactions Cash Debit Card Expense or Credit Card Expense Sales Petty Cash Fund Establishing the Fund Petty Cash Cash Making Payments from the Fund No accounting entry is made at this time but the payment should be documented on a pre-numbered petty cash receipt. It needs to be signed by both the custodian (the person who is responsible for the fund) and the person who receives the cash. Replenishing the Fund No cash shortage or overage Example: There was originally $100 in petty cash fund. $50 was used on Fright In, $40 was used on postage. Now there is $10 left in the petty cash fund. Merchandise Inventory 50 Postage Expense 40 Cash 90 March.30, 2012 Page 25
26 With cash shortage Example: There was originally $100 in petty cash fund. $50 was used on Fright In, $40 was used on postage. Now there is $8 left in the petty cash fund. With Cash Overage Merchandise Inventory 50 Postage Expense 40 Cash Over and Short 2 Cash 92 Example: There was originally $100 in petty cash fund. $50 was used on Fright In, $40 was used on postage. Now there is $12 left in the petty cash fund. Merchandise Inventory 50 Postage Expense 40 Cash Over and Short 2 Cash 88 [Note: Replenishing the fund does not change the balance in the fund. In the three examples above, we have used up $90 of the fund and the balance in the fund should be $100. In the first case, there is $10 left in the fund thus we just need to reimburse the $90 used. There is no shortage or overage. In the second case, there is only $8 left in the fund so we need to reimburse $92. The additional $2 is given for the shortage of cash. Notice Cash Over and Short is debited. It is reported in the Income Statement as Miscellaneous Expense. In the third case, there is $12 left in the fund so we only need to reimburse $88. We do not need to give the $2 because we had an overage of cash. Notice here the Cash Over and Short is credited. Therefore, it is reported as Miscellaneous Revenue in the Income Statement.] March.30, 2012 Page 26
27 To increase petty fund s balance Example: There was originally $100 in petty cash fund. $50 was used on Fright In, $40 was used on postage. Now there is $12 left in the petty cash fund. Company decides to increase petty cash s balance to $150. Bank Reconciliation Petty Cash 50 Merchandise Inventory 50 Postage Expense 40 Cash Over and Short 2 Cash 138 The balances on the company s books might be different from the bank. Therefore, bank reconciliation is required to make the two balances agree with each other. The difference between the balances might be caused by time lags or errors created by either party. Reconciling items per bank (adjusting bank s balance) Deposits in transit (+) Deposits in transit are recorded by the company but not yet recorded by the bank. It should be added to the balance per bank. Outstanding cheques (-) Outstanding cheques are money paid by the company but not yet cleared(recorded) by the bank. It should be deducted from the balance per bank because it is the amount of money paid by the company but not yet deducted on the bank s balance. Bank errors Adjust for any errors that the bank had made from balance per bank. Reconciling items per book (adjusting company s balance) March.30, 2012 Page 27
28 Credit memo and other deposits (+) Credit memos on the bank may include money that customers paid online from their bank to the company. This amount may be recorded in the bank but not yet recorded by the company. Therefore, this amount should be added to the balance per books. Debit memo and other payments (-) Debit memos might include money that bank already deducted from the company s balance but not yet recorded by the company such as bank service charges of the company. This amount should be deducted from the balance per books. Company errors Adjust for any errors that the company had made from balance per book. March.30, 2012 Page 28
Fundamentals of Financial Accounting CHAPTER I Accounting in action. What is accounting? Accounting is the recording of financial transactions plus storing, sorting, retrieving, summarizing, and presenting
Name: Class: Date: Accounting II Second Semester Final Multiple Choice Identify the letter of the choice that best completes the statement or answers the question. 1. Profit is the difference between:
5 Merchandising Operations WHAT YOU PROBABLY ALREADY KNOW You want to order a pair of pants from a mail-order catalog. The price listed in the catalog is $50. There is a 10% off coupon in the catalog for
CENTURY 21 ACCOUNTING, 8e General Journal Chapter Objectives Chapter 1 Starting A Proprietorship: Changes that Affect the Accounting Equation After studying Chapter 1, you will be able to: 1. Define accounting
Equity The remainder is the shareholders claim on the assets-equity. It is often referred to as residual equity.
ACT 1600 Fundamental of Financial Accounting Chapter 1 The Basic Accounting Equation Asset = Liabilities + Equity Asset Assets are resources a business owns. The common characteristic possessed by all
Learn Accounting Understand Business: Course Review Answers 1. What type of accounting measures the activity of the company by looking at economic events regardless of when cash transactions occur? A.
Bennett S. LeBow College of Business Financial Accounting Professor Jane Kaplan Professor Notes Chapter 3 Adjusting the Accounts Measuring Revenues and Expenses o Accrual accounting is a form of accounting
Systems: Perpetual VS Periodic " Keeps running record of all goods " Does not keep a running record bought and sold " is counted once a year " is counted at least once a year " Used for all types of goods
Financial Accounting (Sole Proprietorship) This course covers the topics shown below. Students navigate learning paths based on their level of readiness. Institutional users may customize the scope and
ACCOUNTING 105 CONCEPTS REVIEW A note from the tutors: This handout is designed to help you review important information as you study for your cumulative final exam. While it does cover many important
NAU ACCOUNTING SKILLS ASSESSMENT PRACTICE EXAM & KEY 1. A company received cash and issued common stock. What was the effect on the accounting equation? Assets Liabilities Stockholders Equity A. + NE +
Basic Accounting Principles Basic Accounting Model The basic accounting model represents the relationship between assets (what the company owns), liabilities (what the company owes), and owner s equity
Merchandising Operations Chapter 5 When a service business earns fees they record revenue from the services rendered. In the case of the merchandising business you still have the revenue transaction, but
RAPID REVIEW BASIC ACCOUNTING EQUATION (Chapter 2) INVENTORY (Chapters 5 and 6) Basic Equation Assets Owner s Equity Expanded Owner s Owner s Assets Equation = Liabilities Capital Drawing Revenues Debit
GROUP 1 UIL ACCOUNTING REGIONAL 2011-R A--Current Asset--Assets that are either used up or converted to cash during the normal operating cycle of the business, usually 1 year. B--Plant Asset--Long-lived
Accounting 201 Comprehensive Practice Exam 2C Page 1 1. A business organized as a corporation a. is not a separate legal entity in most states. b. requires that stockholders be personally liable for the
CHAPTER 2 REVIEW OF THE ACCOUNTING PROCESS Overview Chapter 1 explained that the primary means of conveying financial information to investors, creditors, and other external users is through financial
For the last several years Monte Cristo Corp. has operated with a gross profit rate of 30%. On January 1 of the current year, the company had on hand inventory with a cost of $150,000. Purchases of merchandise
Questions and Answers 1. List and describe the major steps in the accounting cycle. 2. In accounting, debit and credit have specific meanings. What are they? 3. You overheard one of your friends telling
Name: Due Date: December 12, 2011 Score: out of a possible 47 Course value: 7.5% Assignment 6: Adjusting Journal Entries and Worksheets A series of transactions are presented and their journal entries
Name: Date: 1. Analyze the following T-account in the ledger of Moxy Pool Supply Company Mdse. Inventory 5,000 400 If $5,000 in the Inventory account represents merchandise purchased from a supplier, we
Chapter 5 Accounting for Merchandising Operations Purchase Transactions Purchaser records goods at cost. When goods are returned, purchaser reduces Inventory. On September 5, De La Hoya Company buys merchandise
DIAGRAM OF TACCOUNTS Assets = Balance Sheet as of 12/31/20 Liabilit ies + = + Equity METHODS & ORGS Accrual basis Follows the matching principle and recognizes transactions as they occur (GAAP Method)
General Goal This course is designed to give students an introduction to accounting. In it, we will explore many topics including: accounting for a service business organized as a proprietorship, accounting
Chapter 5 Merchandising Operations Financial Statements of a Service Company and a Merchandiser: - Service Companies: Revenues earned through performance of services. Examples: Dentists, Accounting Firms,
Baseline Assessment College Accounting. Directions: Read each question below and select the best answer.
Name: Date: Baseline Assessment College Accounting Directions: Read each question below and select the best answer. 1. Which accounting cycle step below comes after the others listed? 1. Entries are recorded
Unit 1: Accounting for a Service Business Organized as a Proprietorship (Chapters 2 10) I. Analyzing Business Transactions A. Effect of business transactions on the fundamental accounting equation B. Principles
Sample Test for entrance into Acct 3110 and Acct 3310 1. Which of the following financial statements could properly have the following in the date line: For the Year Ended December 31, 2010"? a. Balance
ACC 211/212: Double Entry Logs Journal Entries: o Credits are always indented (account name and value). o The sum of debits will always equal the sum of credits. o The month name is required only for the
HOSP 1210 (Financial Acct) Learning Centre The Recording Process The focus of this worksheet is the recording process which shows how s change during transactions using a system of debits and credits.
ACC 201 - Financial Accounting Review for Test 1 (includes chapters 1, 2 and 3) From the following list of questions, I will pick 27 multiple choice questions(each worth 1.5 points=40.5points) and one
Financial Statements and Year-End Accounting for a Merchandising Business woot was originally a truncated expression commonly used by players
Chapter 15 COURTESY OF WOOT.COM LEARNING OBJECTIVES Careful study of this chapter should enable you to: LO1 Prepare a single-step and multiple-step income statement for a merchandising business. LO2 Prepare
Gold Run Snowmobile. Adjusting Entries and Closing Entries For The Quarter Ended December 31. Final Project Evaluation. 5 th Edition.
Gold Run Snowmobile 5 th Edition Adjusting Entries and Closing Entries For The Quarter Ended December 31 and the Final Project Evaluation Page 1 ADJUSTING ENTRIES FOR THE QUARTER Using a copy of the December
Accounting. Charles T. Horngren. Stanford University. Walter Harrison Jr. Baylor University. IVL Suzanne Oliver. Northwest Florida State College
Chapter 1 Accounting in action What is Accounting Accounting is the financial information system that consists of three basic activities-it identifies, records, and communicates the economic events of
Chapter 4: Adjusting the accounts and preparing Financial statements. 4.1 Measurement of Profit Income Expense = profit
Chapter 4: Adjusting the accounts and preparing Financial statements 4.1 Measurement of Profit Income Expense = profit Cash basis Income is recorded wen cash is received Expenses are recorded when cash
Chapter 4 20/09/2012. Why Adjustments Are Needed. The Need for Adjustments. Adjustments. Types of Deferral Adjustments.
Chapter 4 Adjustments, Financial Statements, and the Quality of Financial Reporting Adjustments: How, When and Why? Preparing the Adjusted Trial Balance Preparing Adjusted Financial Statements The Closing
Accounts payable Accounts receivable Accrual method of accounting Accrued liabilities Aging inventory Amortize Anticipation Assets Armed robbery Asset protection Audit Audit trail Average inventory at
Financial Accounting (Exam) Your AccountingCoach PRO membership includes lifetime access to all of our materials Take a quick tour by visiting wwwaccountingcoachcom/quicktour Table of Contents (click to
Chapter 2: Debits and Credits Think through and record transactions (write sentences) using T-accounts and journal entries. Debits and Credits Every transaction (sentence in the story of what happened
EXERCISE 7-3 (10 15 minutes) Current assets Accounts receivable Customers Accounts (of which accounts in the amount of $40,000 have been pledged as security for a bank loan) $79,000 Installment accounts
Accounting 1 Semester 1 Final Exam Review Practice True/False Indicate whether the sentence or statement is true or false. 1. Accounting is the language of business. 2. The relationship among assets, liabilities,
TRANSACTIONS ANALYSIS EXAMPLE. Maxwell Partners Medical Diagnostic Services report the following information for 2011, their first year of operations:
TRANSACTIONS ANALYSIS EXAMPLE Maxwell Partners Medical Diagnostic Services report the following information for 2011, their first year of operations: 1. Billings to clients for services provided: $350,000
Acct 3110 Qualifying Exam Sample Questions as of May 31, 2016 1. The primary objective of financial reporting is to provide financial information about the reporting company that is useful: *a. to existing
ACCT 652 Accounting. Review of last week. Review of last time (2) 1/25/16. Week 3 Merchandisers and special journals
ACCT 652 Accounting Week 3 Merchandisers and special journals Some slides Times Mirror Higher Education Division, Inc. Used by permission Michael D. Kinsman, Ph.D. Review of last week Some highlights of
NOTE In practice, accruals accounts and prepayments accounts are implied rather than drawn up. It is common for expense accounts to show simply a balance c/d and a balance b/d. The accrual or prepayment
Contestant # UNIVERSITY INTERSCHOLASTIC LEAGUE ACCOUNTING EXAM District 2015-D1 Do not turn this page until the start signal is given! All answers MUST be written on your answer sheet. Either upper case
Problem Solutions: Topics 1 and 2 ACCT 60601 Evaluating Financial Performance Fall 2015 Note: All problems are organized by Topic. Each problem is numbered with the topic number first followed by a dash
COMPUTERIZED ACCOUNTING II Curriculum Content Frameworks Please note: All assessment questions will be taken from the knowledge portion of these frameworks. Prepared by Loretta Burgess, Greenbrier High
THE BASIC MODEL The accounting information system is designed to collect and organize data into information that is useful for stakeholders. The Accounting Equation The basic accounting equation is what
SOLUTION (concluded) 4. Working Capital = $101,114 $40,915 = $60,199 Current Ratio = $101,114 $40,915 = 2.47 DISCUSSION QUESTIONS Suggested Responses 1. Current assets are listed in the order of their
The Measurement of the Business Income. 1 by recording revenues when earned and expenses when incurred. 2 by adjusting accounts
Recap from Week 3 The Measurement of the Business Income The primary objective of accounting is measuring the net income of the businesses according to the generally accepted accounting principles. Net
ACCOUNTING SCHOLAR.COM GENERAL ACCOUNTING CHEAT SHEET This sheet is not for unauthorized distribution.
ACCOUNTING SCHOLAR.COM GENERAL ACCOUNTING CHEAT SHEET This sheet is not for unauthorized distribution. Table of Contents 1. Balance Sheet & Assets, Liabilities & Shareholder s Equity (Pages 2 and 3) 2.
Accrual Accounting Process 15.501 Accounting Spring 2004 Professor S. Roychowdhury Sloan School of Management Massachusetts Institute of Technology Feb 17/18, 2004 1 An accountant s functions include Classifying
C H A P T E R 4 The Work Sheet and the Closing Process A systematic approach is essential for efficient and accurate processing of large amounts of information. Whether work sheets are on paper or computerized,
Financial Accounting Study Guide Fall 2013 CH1 & 2 PART VI RATIOS Name: Selected information from the financial statements of Miller Company for the year ended December 31, 2012, appears below: 2012 Current
Accounting for a 5 Merchandising Business ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS FOR GROUP LEARNING Q5-1 A merchandising business has a major revenue reduction called cost of goods sold. The computation of cost of goods
1. A set of procedures for controlling cash payments by preparing and approving vouchers before payments are made is known as a voucher system.
Accounting II True/False Indicate whether the sentence or statement is true or false. 1. A set of procedures for controlling cash payments by preparing and approving vouchers before payments are made is
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES Fundamental Concepts There are fundamental differences in the amount of income and expenses reported for GAAP and income tax purposes. The objective for
266 Part 1 E M Foundations of Financial Accounting With these adjustments to the income statement, we can now present the operating activities section of the statement of cash flows using either the direct
CHAPTER 3. BE3-2 Advertising. Dec. 31 Advertising Supplies Expense 7200 Advertising Supplies 7200 to adjust. BE3-3 Bere Co.
2008 by Mark Krilanovich Mark Krilanovich November 22, 2008 ACCT 110 DETAILS Chapter 11a: How to Prepare the Worksheet The Big Picture 1. Chapters 9 and 10 introduced ten new accounts (see p. Ch. 9b and
1 Reduction in Drink Driving in Victoria Anne Randall General Manager, Accident Prevention, Transport Accident Commission, 222 Exhibition Street, Melbourne VIC 3000, Australia ASTRACT The Transport Accident Commission (TAC) is Victoria s sole third party insurer and was handed responsibility for road safety in Victoria in late Since that time, Victoria s road toll has been almost halved, with a marked decrease in the incidence of drink/driving. A key element in the TAC s financial strategy is its accident prevention program, aimed at not only saving lives, but also dollars. Expenditure in the drink/drive area has been carefully targeted on the basis of four major strategic components: Evaluation & Research; Engineering; Education; and Enforcement. TAC, in conjunction with Police, has been quick to respond to emerging trends in accident and enforcement data, and both bodies are generally recognised as being the architects of Victoria s successful road safety strategy. In 1989, 113 drivers or riders killed on Victorian roads had a blood alcohol content above.05%. By 1993 this number was down to 63. The number of drivers testing over the legal limit also decreased markedly between 1989 and 1994: down from one in 255 in late 1989 to one in every 668 tested in August this year. THE TRANSPORT ACCIDENT COMMISSION (TAC) Victoria s Transport Accident Commission (TAC) was established in 1987 and has grown into one of the largest insurance organisations in Australia. The TAC s core business is providing transport accident injury cover for all Victorians. Victoria is the second most populous state in Australia with about 4.5 million people, and approximately 3 million registered vehicles. The TAC delivers benefits and compensation to people injured in transport accidents, including payment for: medical and rehabilitation treatment (these benefits are for the lifetime of the injured person, provided treatment is accident-related); loss of earnings; and support for dependants of people fatally injured. Benefits are available irrespective of fault or accident blame and cover injuries resulting from accidents involving cars, buses, trams, trains etc. Premiums are typically A$255 (approx. US$180) per year, and covers personal injury only - not property damage. 352
2 The TAC: has assets of A$3.4 billion and liabilities of A$2.2 billion; receives almost A$700 million per year in premium income; has 28,000 claims under management; pays 400,000 accounts annually; and receives approximately 20,000 new claims each year. Accident Prevention has become a key element of the TAC s commercial strategy of running an effective and efficient insurance organisation. By targeting expenditure on accident prevention, the aim has been to save lives - and also dollars - at the stages of claims management and rehabilitation. RISING ROAD TOLL The TAC s accident prevention strategy began in late It followed public outcry regarding the road toll and a shift in responsibilities for delivering road safety in Victoria. In 1989 Victoria s road toll reached the highest level in a decade - and experts agreed road deaths were trending strongly upward and predicted the toll would inevitably continue to climb as we entered the 1990s. ROAD SAFETY STRATEGY Traditional road safety campaigns seemed to have lost impact and there was a lack of new ideas. In conjunction with Victoria Police and VicRoads, the TAC developed a strategy based on: Evaluation and Research Education Engineering Enforcement Evaluation/Research The TAC invests heavily in evaluation and research. By utilising the vast claims division data base, in conjunction with police records, TAC is able to identify priority areas quickly and accurately In addition to using statistics to pin point problems, TAC constantly researches its accident prevention programs. Tracking studies monitor the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and the public s responses to the highly emotive style of individual advertisements. The Monash University Accident Research Centre (MUARC) researches and evaluates the overall effectiveness of the road safety strategy. MUARC has been able to assess the economic worth of the programs both to the Victorian community and to TAC as a business entity. The research also assesses the effectiveness of individual components of the overall strategy and what part they have played in reducing motor vehicle accidents. 353
3 Engineering The TAC invests in engineering projects in two ways: Funding roadworks designed to eradicate Victoria s worst accident blackspots; Funding the development of new technology for Police enforcement initiatives, such as breath analysis equipment, speed cameras etc. Education In the short term the TAC aims to educate Victorians about the dangers and consequences of drink/driving, speeding, poor concentration, fatigue etc. through hard hitting advertising campaigns. The emotive realism of the advertising is the result of research indicating that this approach was likely to have the greatest impact on motorists. Campaign messages are reinforced through high profile sponsorships and promotions. In the long term, the TAC sees young people as the primary target and aims to educate them by developing products utilising new communication technologies which accurately relate to the emerging youth culture of the 1990s Enforcement As part of the overall integrated strategy, TAC has funded the development and supply of enforcement equipment designed to complement its education initiatives. Examples include: a fleet of 13 mobile booze buses, each with the capacity to test 1,500 drivers per eight hour shift. TAC has also provided funding to assist in the staffing of the buses; 60 speed cameras; 150 new generation evidential breath testing units; roof mounted car signs, enabling individual patrol cars to act as highly visible random breath testers and mobile radar speed testing equipment. RESULTS The strategy is proving highly successful. In five years Victoria s road toll has halved and serious injuries have fallen 40%. Last year s road toll of 378 was the lowest since records were first kept almost 50 years ago, with 1992 s and 1993 s the second and third lowest respectively. In fact, Victoria s road safety record now leads the world. The internationally recognised measure of road safety is deaths per 10,000 vehicles - Victoria s rate of 1.4 is one of the lowest, if not the lowest, of any major developed community. During the past five and a half years, TAC has invested $145 million in accident prevention initiatives. Based on 1989 road trauma statistics, that investment is estimated to have saved 354
4 TAC $500 million in accident compensation and benefit payments. When broader costs to the community are taken into account, the savings climb to about $1.5 billion. REDUCTION IN DRINK DRIVING One of the areas where Victoria s road safety strategy has been most successfully applied is in reducing the incidence of drink driving in Victoria. In 1989, 113 of all drivers and riders killed recorded a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) above.05%. By 1994, that figure had fallen to 50. Five years ago, about one in every 255 drivers tested were over the legal limit, while today the ratio is about 1:700. The success of the drink/driving campaign was both significant and immediate. However, closer scrutiny of the figures revealed a major problem area. The following case study looks at the introduction of an integrated Random Breath Testing (RBT) program in late 1993 aimed at addressing an alarming trend of an increased incidence of drink/driving in rural areas. CASE STUDY: DRINK/DRIVING IN RURAL VICTORIA By mid-1993, an alarming trend in road accident data was identified. While the Victorian road toll had been much the same as in 1992, the urban/rural mix had changed. In metropolitan Melbourne and regional urban centres (eg Geelong, Ballarat, Bendigo etc.) the road toll had declined by 10%. The rural road toll, however, had risen by 13%. TAC research indicated that drink/driving was a major factor in the rural road toll. In 1992, one quarter of all drivers and riders killed in the country registered over.05%. By 1993, that figure had risen to 38%. In country Victoria, breath testing numbers had fallen, reducing Random Breath Testing visibility. Anecdotally, it was apparent local grapevines were alerting residents to likely venues for RBT operations and encouraging a belief that you could drink and drive and avoid detection. With the road safety strategy as a guide, the TAC and Victoria Police planned an integrated country RBT program for implementation by December The first stage was to increase the Police presence throughout rural Victoria. Three fully staffed metropolitan-based booze buses were sent to regional Victorian centres every weekend. In addition a minimum of two booze buses (regionally based) also operated in regional Victoria. Traffic Operation Group vehicles with overhead signs took responsibility for increased RBT in smaller centres, particularly on weekends during Hi-Alctime - the times of the day and week when car crashes are almost 10 times more likely to involve alcohol. Accident data was analysed to identify optimal times and locations for RBT operations. Booze buses and police overhead signed vehicles were often moved from their usual rural base to other regions. This, along with the deployment of buses and staff from Melbourne, had a surprise element which made it difficult for local networks to advise where RBT 355
5 operations would be set up. It also meant smaller rural communities were no longer immune to RBT. By relocating the metropolitan-based buses only on weekends, Melbourne and urban areas were still being serviced during its most dangerous drink/driving periods(wednesday / Thursday / Friday) whilst testing could be substantially increased at times when rural drink driving was more likely (Saturday / Sunday). With increased RBT facilities available, police were able to double the number of projected random breath tests for TAC and MUARC research has consistently shown that best results are achieved when enforcement is coupled with high profile media campaigns. To support the enforcement initiatives, the TAC launched two mass regional media advertising campaigns. The first highlighted the increased chance of being detected drink/driving on country roads. With increased visibility and enforcement in place, it was then necessary to alert country Victorians of the increased Police presence - a significant deterrent to would-be drink/drivers. The campaign included advertising on the Victorian country television networks, local radio and press, plus outdoor billboards. The second campaign dispelled the misplaced notion that most of those killed on country roads were city drivers unfamiliar with local conditions. This perception was identified through research and contradicted the statistics which showed seven out of 10 people killed in the country were, in fact, from the country. The Country People Die on Country Roads campaign was launched in March 1994, and the slogan continues to follows all road safety campaigns aired in the regional Victoria. Tracking studies conducted to measure the campaigns effectiveness showed that the Country People Die on Country Roads ad had a 90% recall amongst country motorists. To reinforce the campaigns at a local level Police District Commanders were encouraged to use local media to profile the road toll situation and to advise of the build up of enforcement and the increased police presence in smaller rural communities. The emphasis of media and advertising was that prevention was better than detection. Results of Rural RBT Program The Country RBT program showed immediate results. Country random breath testing had been increased from some 350,000 tests in 1993 to over 700,000 tests in After just over a year in operation from early December 1993 to 31 December 1994, the accident statistics for rural Victoria had improved dramatically. 48 (20%) fewer people died on Victorian country roads in 1994 than 1993 ( ). Of drivers and riders killed in rural areas in 1994, there was a 45% (38 to 21) drop in those registering over.05% BAC. Hi - Alctime fatalities decreased 30% from 133 in 1993 to 93 in The number of drivers testing over the legal limit decreased 21.6% from 1 in every 837 (in 1993) to 1 in 1067 (in 1994). 356
6 SUMMARY We believe the cornerstone to the success of the country RBT campaign has been the close co-operation between TAC and Victoria Police. The campaigns success has also shown that by: taking a single minded approach; providing adequate resources; creating a co-ordinated campaign; and having a business agreement between TAC and Victoria Police on the delivery of the RBT program. organizations can deliver programs that lift the profile of road safety and save lives. 357
Position Paper: Effectiveness of Speed Cameras and Use in Western Australia, Victoria and New South Wales The Government has committed to the implementation of Toward Zero, including the recommended implementation
Road Safety Progress In 1973, New Zealand suffered its highest ever road toll, 843 deaths in a single year. Our population at this time was just over 3 million and there were less than half the number
East Ayrshire Council Road Safety Plan Foreword Road crashes are not inevitable - the deaths and injuries which occur each year need not happen. However, in order to reduce these incidents a major effort
road safety issues 2001 road toll for the WBOP/Tauranga Police area JULY 2002 Regional crash causes 1997 2001 Major road safety issues:
WESTERN BAY OF PLENTY/TAURANGA POLICE AREA road safety issues JULY 22 The Land Transport Safety Authority (LTSA) has prepared this Road Safety Issues Report. It is based on reported crash data and trends
CTP CRASH Seminar March 2013 Jerome Maguire, Chief Executive Officer 1 Introduction A bit about me Commenced as CEO of MAC in June 2012. Most recently CEO of Attorney- General s department. Public sector
The characteristics of fatal road accidents during the end of year festive period 1994-2003 March 2004 Traffic Management and Road Safety Unit Ministry of Public Infrastructure, Land Transport and Shipping
FACT SHEET YOUNG PEOPLE INVOLVED IN ROAD CRASHES IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA July 2013 Despite steady falls in South Australia s road toll over the past decade, young drivers continue to be overrepresented in road
road safety issues 2001 road toll for the Bay of Plenty Police district JULY 2002 Regional crash causes 1997 2001 Major road safety issues:
BAY OF PLENTY POLICE DISTRICT road safety issues JULY 22 The Land Transport Safety Authority (LTSA) has prepared this Road Safety Issues Report. It is based on reported crash data and trends for the 1997
1. The consultation seeks views on the vision, targets and measures for improving road safety in Great Britain for the period beyond 2010.
Executive Summary 1. The consultation seeks views on the vision, targets and measures for improving road safety in Great Britain for the period beyond 2010. 2. We have made good progress in reducing road
Road Safety Camera Program Victorian Auditor-General s Report August 2011 2011-12:3 V I C T O R I A Victorian Auditor-General Road Safety Camera Program Ordered to be printed VICTORIAN GOVERNMENT PRINTER
LAWYERS New South Wales & Victoria. A transport accident is an incident directly caused by a motor car or motor vehicle, a railway train, or a tram.
LAWYERS New South Wales & Victoria Transport Accident Commission (TAC) Claims FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS What is a transport accident? A transport accident is an incident directly caused by a motor car
Relative Risk FACT SHEET ALCOHOL AND DRUGS IN ROAD CRASHES IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA August 2014 Alcohol remains the most important drug in terms of its contribution to crash involvement. Alcohol impairs skill
Code of Conduct for Commercial Drivers RoadDriver 2011 Safe Use of Vehicles Watch your Speed Drive within the speed limit at all times. You should drive at speeds that are safe for the conditions, recognising
Release Date and Time: 090309 Subject: Avoid the 10 DUI Grant Details: On 08/28/09 the Lodi Police Department conducted a DUI Check Point in the 500 block of E Lockeford. During this check point, LPD arrested
Differences between CTP Insurance Statistics and Crash Statistics Ross McColl 1 (Presenter) 1 representing the Motor Accident Commission Biography Mr McColl has worked in the road safety field for over
New Zealand Drink-driving Statistics: The Effectiveness of Road Safety Television Advertising Terry Macpherson and Tony Lewis This paper examines the claim of the New Zealand Land Transport Safety Authority,
SAFETY PROCESS Martin Small With a broad transport policy background including extensive work in the maritime sector, Martin Small has been working in road safety for five years, in a variety of roles
Statistical Release 12 February 2015 Estimates for reported road traffic accidents involving illegal alcohol levels: 2013 (second provisional) Self-reported drink and drug driving for 2013/14 Main findings
GEICO produced DVD REAL TEEN DRIVING. 4 real teens in real driving situations in-car cameras no scripts it s all very, very real
GEICO is: proud to be the nation s fastest growing auto insurer proud to serve more than 10 million policyholders proud to help spread the message on safe driving to new drivers and their families GEICO
5.2: INTERVENTION MATERIALS Community Road Safety Education programmes should comprise a dialogical approach to learning, where both facilitator and learner are actively engaged in the learning process,
Alcohol/drugs CRASH FACTSHEET November 2013 CRASH STATISTICS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2012 Prepared by the Ministry of Transport In 2012 driver alcohol/drugs were a contributing factor 1 in 82 fatal
DO WE NEED NEW THINKING. Engaging more of Queensland in Road Safety A/Chief Superintendent Col Campbell
DO WE NEED NEW THINKING Engaging more of Queensland in Road Safety A/Chief Superintendent Col Campbell Road Toll Status As at 11 th October, the Queensland Road Toll was 85 less than the comparative period
Contents. Safety, transparency and community engagement. Road safety in NSW. Audit of speed cameras in NSW The NSW Speed Camera Strategy
NSW Speed Camera Strategy Safety, transparency and community engagement Marg Prendergast General Manager, Centre for Road Safety Transport for NSW April 2015 Contents Road safety in NSW Issues and strategy
Road safety data: collection and analysis for target setting and monitoring performances and progress Strategic targets board as a management tool for Spanish road safety Pilar Zori Bertolin Spain Spanish
ROAD TRAFFIC ACCIDENT STATISTICS FOR 25, JUNE 27 OVERVIEW All the statistics contained in this document relate to traffic accidents occurring on public roads in the City of Johannesburg during 25. Accident
New Queensland motorcycle safety campaign Be aware. Take care. Survive. The Department of Transport and Main Roads is committed to addressing the safety of motorcyclists. Motorcycle riders and pillions
Association of British Insurers response to the Northern Ireland Assembly Environment Committee s Consultation on The Road Traffic (Amendment Bill) About the ABI 1.1 The Association of British Insurers
Oxfordshire Local Transport Plan 2011-2030 Revised April 2012. Objective 3 Reduce casualties and the dangers associated with travel
6. Road Safety Objective 3 Reduce casualties and the dangers associated with travel Road safety continues to be a core priority both nationally and locally reflecting the very high human and other costs
EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE Review of Compulsory Breath Testing in New Zealand THE COALITION TO REDUCE DRINKING AND DRIVING JUNE 2002 > DISCLAIMER: Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the material
Four-wheel drive vehicle crash involvement patterns August 2006 Report Summary 06/05 Introduction This document is a summary of a larger research report prepared by the Monash University Accident Research
Disclaimer All reasonable endeavours are made to ensure the accuracy of the information in this report. However, the information is provided without warranties of any kind including accuracy, completeness,
Department for Transport Improving road safety for pedestrians and cyclists in Great Britain LONDON: The Stationery Office 14.35 Ordered by the House of Commons to be printed on 6 May 2009 REPORT BY THE
Reported Road Casualties Great Britain: 2013 Annual Report Focus on pedal cyclists Key findings The key findings from this article include: Pedal cyclist deaths have seen a long-term fall, but have fluctuated
Drink Driving Case Study Reducing the number of crashes caused by drink driving has been a key road safety target for the TAC since its inception. The number of lives lost and the crippling and life-long
22 SAFER JOURNEYS DISCUSSION DOCUMENT Have your say on our next road safety strategy AUGUST 29 11 Reducing the impact of alcohol/drug impaired driving What is the problem? Alcohol/drug impaired driving
John Vose Wisconsin Leadership Chair Mothers Against Drunk Driving Before the Assembly Public Safety Committee In Support of Assembly Bill 283 2 June 2009 Introduction Thank you Mr. Chairman and members
The Nation s Top Strategies to Stop Impaired Driving Introduction NHTSA addresses traffic safety problems with a comprehensive range of approaches, including a focus on education and advising families
March 2013 Lifting the bonnet on car insurance - what are the real costs? Lifting the bonnet on car insurance what are the real costs? Most UK motorists have an opinion on the cost of car insurance. Many
Statement before the Maryland House Committee on Environmental Matters on House Bill 364 Research on automated speed enforcement Stephen L. Oesch The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety is a nonprofit
VICTORIAN TRANSPORT ACCIDENT CLAIMS - A GUIDE TO YOUR ENTITLEMENTS This guide includes the following: What is a transport accident? Who is the TAC? How do I make a claim? When will I know if my claim has
Safe & Sober: Reducing deaths and injuries from drink driving Copenhagen, 27 January 2010 Drink Driving in Europe Vojtech EKSLER Policy analyst Introduction to ETSC A science-based approach to road safety
Drink driving European Commission Guidelines Roberto FERRAVANTE Rome, 3 April 2014 Deputy Head of the Road Safety Unit Directorate-General for Mobility and European Commission Road fatalities in EU-28
New South Wales Auditor-General s Report Performance Audit Improving Road Safety: Speed Cameras Roads and Traffic Authority The role of the Auditor-General The roles and responsibilities of the Auditor-
The Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents The North Review of Drink and Drug Driving Law February 2010
THE NORTH REVIEW INTO DRINK AND DRUG DRIVING This is the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents submission to the North Review of Drink and Drug Driving Law. It has been produced following consultation
Deaths/injuries in motor vehicle crashes per million hours spent travelling, July 2008 June 2012 (All ages) Mode of travel
Cyclists CRASH STATISTICS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 212 Prepared by the Ministry of Transport CRASH FACTSHEET November 213 Cyclists have a number of risk factors that do not affect car drivers. The
ALCOHOL, 2013 JUNE 2014 ISSUE 14-C08 HIGHLIGHTS During 2013, there were 114 fatal alcohol-impaired collisions in the state (16 percent of all fatal collisions). Alcohol-impaired fatal collisions decreased
How to reduce road injuries through best-practice speed management : Learnings from Australia s experience
Legislation and Enforcement Legislation and Enforcement INTRODUCTION 6.1 To cultivate a considerate and responsible driving culture, enforcement and public education have to go hand-in-hand. Apart from
Strategy to Combat Red Light Jumping Why we need to increase penalty Red light jumping is a serious offence. It endangers not only the driver and passengers of the vehicle in question, but also other road
Speeding CRASH FACTSHEET 2012 CRASH STATISTICS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2011 Prepared by the Ministry of Transport In this fact sheet speeding is defined as driving too fast for the conditions. The
Organisational Approaches to Fleet Road Safety Russell White Driversafety.com.au Abstract Work related driving is rapidly emerging as a major concern for fleet operators however, despite a increased awareness
Overview Each day, hundreds of thousands of Chicagoans walk or drive in the city. Ensuring their safety is the City s top priority. Over the past several years, Chicago has developed many successful strategies
ANCAP Stars on Cars dealership program: Increase sales of 4 and 5 star rated cars, M. Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure, Government of South Australia & Australasian New Car Assessment
AGENDA REPORT Meeting Date: November 6, 2012 Agenda Item # City Manager Approval: TO: Honorable Mayor and Members of the City Council FROM: Paul Nanfito, Chief of Police SUBJECT: Executive Summary for
Program Descriptions: Alcohol Education Alcohol education programs include underage drinking prevention and diverse community outreach. Underage drinking is America s number one youth drug problem, killing
Using statistical modelling to predict crash risks, injury outcomes and compensation costs in Victoria.
Cambodia Source: IRTAD, National Road Safety Committee Inhabitants Vehicles/1 000 inhabitants Road fatalities in 2012 Fatalities /100 000 inhabitants in 2012 14.7 million 148 1 966 13.4 Cambodia joined
REDUCING THE DRINK DRIVE LIMIT IN SCOTLAND CONSULTATION QUESTIONNAIRE 1. Do you agree that the drink drive limits should be reduced in Scotland? Yes. Lowering the prescribed alcohol limit for driving should
INCREASING MOTORCYCLE HELMET USE Head injuries among motorcyclists are a growing concern Rapid growth in the use of motorized twowheeled vehicles in many countries has been accompanied by increases in
Changing Drinking and Driving Patterns: a Case History David South Victorian Road Traffic Authority Hawthorn, Victoria One of the important problems springing from the use of alcohol is the incidence of
Drink Driving in Ireland Dr Declan Bedford 13 th October 2008 RSA Conference Dublin This presentation Trends in fatal road crashes in Ireland Preliminary results of study into role of alcohol in fatal
Athens 25 th of November 2009 Drink driving in Europe Antonio Avenoso Introduction to ETSC A science-based approach to road safety policy Bringing together 42 organisations from across Europe to promote
Motorcyclists CRASH FACTSHEET November 2013 CRASH STATISTICS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2012 Prepared by the Ministry of Transport In 2012, 50 motorcyclists 1 died and a further 1,138 were injured
FMCSA Webinar Nov.18th to Examine Large Truck Crash Fatalities Involving Pedestrians & Bicyclists. New Technology for Better Fleet Management
In This Issue: FMCSA Webinar Nov.18th to Examine Large Truck Crash Fatalities Involving Pedestrians & Bicyclists Help Prevent Roadway Accidents involving Pedestrians How to Steer Clear of Accidents with
Teens In Diapers - Yet another two sizzling young asian babes. A blood boiling huge series, all hot and horny. Watc these two asian schoolgirls enjoying each others bodies in some real lesbian lesbian action and an overdose of fun in diapers.
AdultBaby Diaper Lover - Adult Baby Girl Anais with her Nanny, who cares for her by carressing her breasts. Nanny then checks her baby girls temperature by stick a thermometer in her ass. Baby girl Anais enjoys having it inserted in her ass.
Adult baby girl Cassie with her man in diaper. Both adultbabies are on the sofa wearing cloth diapers. Cassie sucks cock. She loves to suck cock while her diapered man is wearing his diaper. He fucks her doggy style while both in diapers. After some long sex in diapers, he cums on her ass.
AdultBaby BabySitter - AdultBaby Mommy Kelly nursing her adultbaby girl. She's rather naughty and gets a spanking, and has her diaper changed, this time with a plastic diaper cover. Both girls eventually help each other cum by playing with each others pussy.
ABDL - One of our sexiest adultbaby girl, Phoenix in cosplay with her girlfriend. Phoenix is a cowgirl and her friend a policewoman. Both are wearing diapers under their costumes and both enjoy some time together.
The average adult has a bout of diarrhea about four times a year. The symptom is defined as loose, watery stools occurring more than three times in one day. While acute diarrhea improves within two weeks and may be caused by bacterial or viral infections, chronic diarrhea can last much longer and is usually caused by medications or certain types of surgery. Treatment is necessary if you have signs of dehydration, have had diarrhea for more than three days, or see blood in your stool.
(Click Diarrhea to learn more about the causes, treatment, and prevention of diarrhea. You can also click on the various links in the box to the right to access specific topics on diarrhea.)
eMedTV serves only as an informational resource. This site does not dispense medical advice or advice of any kind. Site users seeking medical advice about their specific situation should consult with their own physician. Click Terms of Use for more information.
Would you like to view your HealthSavvy Programs now, or stay on this page and continue reading this article?
In order for us to best serve you and provide you with the best information, can you please tell us if you currently have health insurance?
In order for us to create your customized HealthSavvy programs, we need a little more information about the health topic(s) that you are interested in.
You've chosen to clear all of your selected topics. Remember, you need at least one selected topic to use HealthSavvy. If you choose this option, it cannot be undone, and you'll need to choose at least new topic to continue using your HealthSavvy programs.
alhamdulillah a happy mother of 4 kids: Umar, Ulya, Ulwan and Zulfa. a wife cum business partner to Abi.
55 Unique Fly Rod Holder for Pickup Truck – Pleasant to my personal blog site, in this occasion We’ll teach you concerning fly rod holder for pickup truck . And today, this is the primary image: Rod rocket launcher truck bed mount The Hull Truth...
Party leaders decided at the meeting yesterday to facilitate mechanism to hold the Local Government elections by January 27 next year, Minister Mano Ganesan said.
Digha Tourist Lodge (WBTDC) in East Medinipur, is a superb hotel. In East Medinipur, Digha Tourist Lodge (WBTDC) offers online booking and comfortable living. Contact Digha Tourist Lodge (WBTDC) in East Medinipur for tariffs.
Digha Tourist Lodge is located at Digha in East Medinipur district of West Bengal. The nearest airport is Netaji Subhas International Airport in Kolkata, about 190 km away. Direct train run up to New Digha Railway from Shalimar Railway Station of Howrah. From Kolkata buses ply to Digha at frequent intervals.
Digha Tourist Lodge is a beach resort, offering comfortable stay to its guests at an affordable price. Far from the hustle and bustle of cities, the resort provides a relaxing vacation in the lap of nature.
The A.C Deluxe Double Bedded Rooms - Ground Floor are the interesting room options offered to the...
These well-appointed, inviting rooms are equipped with modern amenities to make the stay convenie...
The Non A.C Standard Double Bedded Rooms are the interesting room options offered to the guests. ...
Unfold your imaginations and discover the magic of your dreams coming true, by experiencing a lux...
A.C Deluxe Double Bedded Room - First Floor are equipped with modern amenities to make the stay c...
Games played: Starcraft, Diablo(1,2,3), CS, WoW, NOLF, Bioshock to name a few. Currently only playing Destiny2
Why should you be a member of Digital Legion?: I'm a friendly gamer who likes to play computer games with other friendly gamers and hopefully I can contribute with some positive spirit. :)
Hey Tim! Look forward to playing some games bud, you'll have to put up with my occasional bad Swedish though 😄
Summary A man poses near a large cylindrical pressure vessel on flatbed railroad cars in Denver, Colorado. The vessel was manufactured by the Stearns-Rogers Manufacturing Company.
Home General Photograph Collection Full-length view of the Tower of the Americas during HemisFair '68
Description Marine demolition men have the task of removing stubborn Japanese from their lairs in the caves of the ridges on Peleliu. Here they are shown blasting one of the positions.
Indeed I have long felt the need of writing to you (I mean the need to myself) and altho so many weeks & even months have past away in silence, they have not done so in lack of affection & thought.
I had wished very much to have been able to tell you in this letter where we had taken our house, or where we were going to take it. We remain however in our usual state of conscious ignorance,—altho’ there is a good deal of talking & walking about a house in Wimpole Street—which, between ourselves,—I am not very anxious to live in, on account of the gloominesses of that street & of that part of the street—whose walls look so much like Newgate’s turned inside out. I wd rather go on, in my old way, inhabiting castles in the air than that particular house: nevertheless if it is decided upon, I dare say I shall contrive to be satisfied with it, & sleep & wake very much as I should in any other. It will certainly be a point gained, to be settled somewhere,—and I do long to sit in my own armchair—strange as it will look out of my own room—& to read from my own books.——
You have heard, I dare say, that we have a new root in London, on account of Daisy’s connection with the university. He attends the Latin Greek & Moral Philosophy classes,—& next to a Professor, is the greatest man we have. Sette & Ockyta are the only home students just now. They are not less rosy for being Londoners. As to Henry, he wd not do for one of Richardson’s heroes at all. He is always, when he writes, under a dreadful necessity of doing so,—& his letters come once in two months, with a French mile between every line. He is not either, particularly demonstrative,—& it is only by implication that we can make out the satisfactory fact of his being well & contented. His return to us is not thought of yet, and I dare say another year will separate us still. The accounts from the West Indies continue very satisfactory—altho’ my dear uncle has been very ill from repeated fevers. But he was better, & able to change the air. For our own particular parts, our healths continue good—none of us, I think, the worse for fog or wind. As to wind, we were almost elevated into the prerogative of pigs in the late storm. We could almost see it,—& the feeling it, might have been fatal to us. Bro & I were moralizing about shipwrecks, in the dining room, when down came the chimney thro’ the skylight, into the entrance passage.
Tell me how the Cliffes look to you? Our—everybody’s affectionate remembrances. Henrietta mentions herself particularly. And believe me, dearest Mrs Martin,
Letter Text 74. Gloucester Place. Decr 7th 1836. My dearest Mrs Martin, Indeed I have long felt the need of writing to you (I mean the need to myself) and altho so many weeks & even months have past away in silence, they have not done so in lack of affection & thought. I had wished very much to have been able to tell you in this letter where we had taken our house, or where we were going to take it. We remain however in our usual state of conscious ignorance,—altho’ there is a good deal of talking & walking about a house in Wimpole Street—which, between ourselves,—I am not very anxious to live in, on account of the gloominesses of that street & of that part of the street—whose walls look so much like Newgate’s turned inside out. I wd rather go on, in my old way, inhabiting castles in the air than that particular house: nevertheless if it is decided upon, I dare say I shall contrive to be satisfied with it, & sleep & wake very much as I should in any other. It will certainly be a point gained, to be settled somewhere,—and I do long to sit in my own armchair—strange as it will look out of my own room—& to read from my own books.—— You have heard, I dare say, that we have a new root in London, on account of Daisy’s connection with the university. He attends the Latin Greek & Moral Philosophy classes,—& next to a Professor, is the greatest man we have. Sette & Ockyta are the only home students just now. They are not less rosy for being Londoners. As to Henry, he wd not do for one of Richardson’s heroes at all. He is always, when he writes, under a dreadful necessity of doing so,—& his letters come once in two months, with a French mile between every line. He is not either, particularly demonstrative,—& it is only by implication that we can make out the satisfactory fact of his being well & contented. His return to us is not thought of yet, and I dare say another year will separate us still. The accounts from the West Indies continue very satisfactory—altho’ my dear uncle has been very ill from repeated fevers. But he was better, & able to change the air. For our own particular parts, our healths continue good—none of us, I think, the worse for fog or wind. As to wind, we were almost elevated into the prerogative of pigs in the late storm. We could almost see it,—& the feeling it, might have been fatal to us. Bro & I were moralizing about shipwrecks, in the dining room, when down came the chimney thro’ the skylight, into the entrance passage. -------------- Tell me how the Cliffes look to you? Our—everybody’s affectionate remembrances. Henrietta mentions herself particularly. And believe me, dearest Mrs Martin, Your affectionate EBB– Oh that you would call me Ba!–
Description A photograph of the TI Stockholders Meeting in 1980. The meeting was held in the North Building Cafeteria on the Dallas Expressway Site with Chairman Mark Shepherd, Jr., presiding. More than 1,500 attended the meeting, most of whom were TI employee stockholders. Displays can be seen in the background, highlighting '\Fifty Years of Innovation'.
Rights This image may be protected by copyright law. Please cite the DeGolyer Library, Southern Methodist University as the source of this file. For more information contact degolyer@smu.edu.
Rights This material may be protected by Copyright Law (Title 17, U.S.C.). We welcome you to make fair use of the content accessible on this website as defined by copyright law. Please note that you are responsible for determining whether your use is fair and for responding to any claims that may arise from your use. When using an item from Beryl Ford Collection, proper credit should be given: The Beryl Ford Collection/Rotary Club of Tulsa, Tulsa City-County Library and Tulsa Historical Society.
Contributors Preservation and archiving of this significant Tulsa treasure of photographs and artifacts was made possible through the Tulsa City-County Library and the Tulsa Historical Society and the generosity of Tulsa World/Lorton Family, Chester Cadieux, the Rotary Club of Tulsa, and many other community-minded corporations, institutions and individuals.
The roads have become clogged with motorcycles. In fact, the number of motorcycles speeding down the streets is outnumbering cars and trucks. You’re sick of having to share the road with these other riders. You have the baddest cycle in town and as such, it should be the only one. You attach a gun to the front of you cycle with a self-proclaimed mission of clearing the road of as many motorcycles as you can.
Motorcycle Madness was the first game I received from Kellogg’s cereal promo line of LCD Xbox Mini games. This particular game is shaped like the front top portion of a motorcycle complete with handlebars and a small windshield. While the design of the unit is fairly clever, the actual screen you need to look at is very small. The screen measures an eye-straining 10/16” wide by 14/16” long with a slightly curved piece of highway as the backdrop. It doesn't help that the screen is the usual muddy green color LCD games have. If you stare at this screen too long your eyes will begin to trip out.
Fortunately, you won’t have to lose you eyesight to play this because the entire game can be completed in approximately one minute. There are three levels with each one getting a little faster and having more oncoming motorcycles. Your cycle is at the bottom of the screen. You move it left and right and shoot the oncoming cycles. You only have six shots at a time, but extra ammo inexplicably shows up on the road so you can reload.
I don’t understand why this game only has three levels when the other Xbox Mini games have five (one of them has four). Were motorcycles just too much for the little unit to handle that it is limited to three levels? The motorcycle handlebar design is nice, but it should have had at least the same number of levels as the other games.
On the panel we look to the future as we examine the macro trends transforming the way we create, sell and consume music. Which key trends are still to play out and which are just passing fads? Are we going to see as much innovation in the next five years as in the past five? This and lots more on this hour-long panel which goes to explore some of the issues that are at the core of “Digital Music Trends”…
DMT thanks Social Media Week (http://ww.socialmediaweek.org) for having us and recording the session.
This week on Digital Music Trends it was a pleasure to welcome Sitar Teli (Connect Ventures), Steve Knopper (Rolling Stone) and Nikke Osterback (Saari Music) to discuss the latest news in the music tech industry. This week we cover Shazam’s new round of funding, the rumors of Beats-backed Daisy seeking a carrier partnership for launch in the US, YouTube and Vevo’s renewed partnership, Base79’s new round of funding, 7Digital first to sell music on the new Firefox Mobile OS and Jay-Z’s Magna Carta raising eyebrows from both a UX and privacy point of view.
Also as there were a few bits of news that we didn’t manage to cover on the panel so I jumped on at the end to record a short round-up which includes Songkick’s Detour expansion in the UK, Bing Audio expanding internationally, UMG’s deal with PLDT in the Philippines, South Africa’s Look & Listen music retail chain relaunching its digital store, startup Promohut and finally Bandzoogle acquiring OneSheet.
After a few weeks without hiccups you’ll notice that the video version of the show has a fair few “still picture” moments due to Skype malfunctions, trying my best to make sure the chance of this happening again is minimized my end. You can find this week’s shownotes here.
And finally I’d like to thank Venture Harbour (http://www.ventureharbour.com) for helping me out in the past few days to improve DMT’s website from an SEO standpoint…
08:08 Beats-backed upcoming Daisy music streaming service reportedly seeking partnership with a major carrier in the US, potentially AT&T
16:08 YouTube and Vevo renew partnership with Google reportedly investing in the company to the tune of $40/50m
25:40 New Firefox Mobile OS is out in the wild and 7digital jumps on board to provide users a way to purchase and access music
29:40 Jay-Z’s album is released and there are UX and privacy concerns raised around the app through which Samsung gave away Magna Carta Holy Grail
45:35 Universal Music strikes a deal with the Philippines Long Distance Telephone company to distribute its music with the company’s mobile division
46:30 In South Africa music retail chain Look & Listen relaunches its digital store in partnership with Mondia Media
Description University of Scranton brochure (published in fall 2014) titled "A Celebration of Service" describing the University's commitment to service and community engagement. The document was prepared as part of the University's application to renew its Carnegie Foundation Community Engagement Classification.
Description Typed document (dated ca. 1988) indicated proposed wording for a plaque to be installed on the University of Scranton's Centennial Fountain. The Fountain served as the original base for Metanoia, a sculpture of St. Ignatius created by Gerhard F. Baut for the University's 1988 Centennial celebration.
You may also send us a Money Order on the address above for amount Rs. 474. Please mention your Order Reference Number (944377a90a) with the Money Order. Also note that we will process your order only on the receipt of the payment. In case of Cheques the order will be processed only when the cheque gets cleared. Please note that we accept only at par cheques.
A thematic essay is a piece of writing in which an author develops the central theme in a piece of literature using literary devices writing a thematic essay can be a time-consuming process these tips will minimize your time and efforts. A thematic essay requires having a prior knowledge base and doesn’t provide any actual documents so before you actually start completing the task, make sure you understand it as it’s already been mentioned above, your comprehension plays a significant role. Thematic essay independent reading independent writing book reviews argumentative research paper intensives, winter 2012 writing contests for independent writing pieces sample thematic essay: the hunger games powered by create your own unique website with customizable templates. How to write a thematic essay in 5 minutes english lessons with adam thematic essay #1 what is it and how to outline - duration: 8:16.
Thematic essay outline to compile a proper essay, one needs to perform several stages one of these crucial preparation stages is the creation of the paper’s framework. Thematic essay outline thematic essay outline learn about essay outline format and essay outline structure, review essay outline template, essay outline sample and reserch outline samplethematic essay—practice paper – e practice paper a—score level 3 the response: • develops all aspects of the task but discusses the printing press less thematic essay. A thematic essay outline is supposed to lead a writer flawlessly through the entire writing process and prevent from being stuck the essay structure is common: 5-paragraph essay how to write a thematic essay for english the thematic essays operate with facts and evidence the same goes with informative essays. An essay outline is a structure, a bare bone view of upcoming work it is one of the most useful preparatory tool, which allows you to organize main thoughts into single segments to figure out the order in which information must be prepared. Feel free to use our essay example below to come up with your own ideas the paper examines the nature of beauty and attempts to create an acceptable outline for writing a thematic essay how to improve your english writing skills study how to write essays in english write about your the bbc organise a moderated e-mail discussion group.
Thematic essay this unit will begin in what is most likely comfortable territory- having students write about and reflect upon the themes they see in the texts they have chosen to write about this unit will push students to collect a few possible themes and to write long about them in their notebook. An essay that is totally copied from the task and/or texts with no original student writing must be scored a 0 an essay that is totally unrelated to the task, illegible, incoherent, blank, or unrecognizable as english must be scored as a 0. To write a thorough theme essay, you'll need to read the prompt carefully and outline your essay then, you can write a strong essay with a hook opening line and a focus on theme always revise your essay for flow, style, and legibility before you hand it in. Thematic essay outline thematic essay outline you can also check information about theme essay, english thematic essay, thematic essay thesis it is advisable to start writing an essay with making of an outlinethe worlds most accurate grammar, spelling, & punctuation checkerthematic essay materials. Thematic analysis essay assignment choose one of the following themes and explain how it is developed in the iliad using specific examples from the text 1 the destructive effects of anger 2.
Sample outlines for narrative, expository, and other essay types these clear, simple, and useful outlines provide easy-to-follow instructions on how to organize and outline your ideas before writing an essay. Writing an effective essay requires careful attention to detail and an ability to organize your thoughts about a subject in a way that your readers can easily follow this is particularly true for thematic essays, which require you to answer a specific question or analyze an argument any effective essay has a good. It relates the paragraph to the essay's thesis, and thereby acts as a signpost for the argument of the paper as a whole, but it also defines the scope of the paragraph itself. Level 2 thematic connections research essay- find the common threads between your world and your english your research essay on the theme you chose.
In addition to journal writing, i will also introduce the five-paragraph essay although students may be somewhat familiar with this model, i will be focusing, in- depth, on the various elements of the essay: audience, voice, thesis statement. Sample english literature essay questions analyze george orwells politics and the english language compare and contrast the ways in which your three chosen texts support or challenge this statement. In order to write a thematic essay successfully, first of all, you should focus on the task student must pay attention to all the components of the assignment in order to receive a good grade.
Thematic essay outline 1 theme: belief systems christianity: • christianity is monotheistic and teaches the belief in one god • they believe that jesus christ was the son of god and that he is the messiah • they believe that anyone who believes and follows jesus will have salvation and eternal life. Feel free to shareyou can also check information about theme essay, english thematic essay, thematic essay thesis it is advisable to start writing an essay with making of an outlinethematic essay outline. However, all thematic essays have a common structure and outline that when followed, writing will just be a walk in the park tips for a thematic essay writing the main format for essay writing encompasses three major parts: the introduction, body and conclusion. How to write a thematic essay for english literature class: analyzing the prompt thematic essay outline provides the same function as for any other academic paper: it is your road map you should follow to create a proper-level essay, no matter how tough is your topic.
Writing a thematic essay is a required component of every global history and geography regents examination while some students may feel overwhelmed at the prospect of writing a thematic essay, all students can learn to master the fine art of thematic essay writing. Thematic essay outline an example outline thematic essay of the uniqueness of every student authors state that the goals the government and private education has always traditionally taken the course of subsequent experience.
On the universal Villains ship, flux announces Buggys new position as the newest warlord of the Sea as well as the inclusion of new villains: the Deadly Six. It was after this a plan was initiated to steal a certain crown with something precious inside of it.
Zazz, Zomnom and Master Zik are sent to Equestria to Retrieve said Crown in equestria in the Crystal Empire. At the same time,a pony in a cloak sneaks into the castle, past the patrol of royal guards and into Twilight and Spike's guest room. Using unicorn magic, the cloaked pony switches Twilight's crown with a fake crown and attempts to make off with it. However, as the unicorn sneaks past Spike, he rolls over in his sleep at the last second, flipping his tail in the way. But Zazz noticed this and tried to get it back, but these two weren’t the only ones. It was desired by two others. Gengar, an ex general from the ghost kingdom Spectra as well as Misdreavus, queen of Spectra. But Zazz’s voice was too high as it awoke the young alicorn. Twilight, noticing the crown in the unicorn's saddlebag, cries "Thief!" before giving chase. Her shouts wake the other Element bearers as she passes their rooms and they quickly join the pursuit. She attempts to cut the thief off by teleporting, but the unicorn is just as skilled at teleportation as she is; uncloaked by the spell, the thief is revealed to be a mare. Twilight tackles the fleeing unicorn to the ground as they reach a chamber in the castle that houses a large mirror. During the struggle, Twilight's crown falls through the mirror. With a wicked grin and a sarcastic, insincere apology, the mystery mare untangles herself from Twilight by teleporting to the mirror and leaps through it, to Twilight and her friends' shock, as well as the others. Zazz makes a deal with the unicorn as Misdreavus retreats back to Spectra to regroup.
News of the Failed Crown heist with Zazz and Spectra in tow goes all over the world headliners, reaching the attention of the Hereos. At the time, Jexi had reached to include Hintata and Kiba, as well as two more members of Fairy Tail, Juvia and Levy, into the group. The team also welcomes back Silver and Blaze. After heading to said school, the main heroes enter in order to get info. It was here that Natsu and Happy where the first to encounter a humanized Twilight Sparkle and her dog Spike. The two become fast friends as they work together to help her get the crown.
Meanwhile, Spectra was sending its own armed forces, the Six Ghostly Pillars, in order to derail the heroes as well as trying to take back the crown. Gajeel, wanting to take the fight to them, tries to fight the Pillars and the thief singlehandedley. However, this is put on hold when they Encounter Air man and Quick man of Gospel. Using a strange device, they sent him and his group going through random universes in order to buy time for some strange purpose.
Back at CHS, Twilight grows more accustomed to her human body and closely observes the inhabitants of the strange new world she's in. As she passes by faces both new and familiar to her, she listens in on a conversation between two girls: one is being considerably cruel and verbally abusive to the other. Before Twilight could even raise a finger to defend the target of this bully, Natsu beats her to the punch, literally. He punches a locker and scares off the mean girl. After the shy girl introduces herself as Fluttershy, she tells them that they should go to the principal. Upon going, they learn the crown is a prize for becoming princess of the Fall Formal. So after signing up, they started a campaign in order to make Twilight win and triumph over Sunset. Meanwhile, Coffagregus, former Dark Crew member, is sent to the first universe that Gajeel's group arrives to to defeat them. However, misunderestimating their abilities, he is defeated by chopper. At the second one, they arrive in a futuristic world where they encounter Rotom, who keeps Gajeel on his toes as he warped from appliance to appliance before running out and being beaten to a plasma pulp. After which, the scientists of that world give them a device to travel back, but not before Rotom slips into Odd’s cell phone to wait for his chance at a counter attack.
After a huge media bomb, Twilights rep was in shambles as the human version of her friends argued. But Twilight had enough and decided to reconnect all of them. After doing so and going to the ship to spend the night, a song was born in order to create pep and perkiness as well as instill faith in this girl. At the same time, Gajeel tries his hand at retaliating against both Sunset Shimmer and Spectra himself, Juvia and Odd trying to stop him. Chandelure intervenes, expressing his familiarity to Odd as a member of Darkrai’s gang. Juvia thoroughly thrashes him with her water magic, but realizes too late that Chandelure brought backup in the form of Dusknoir. Sanji then ran in after this and battled against the ghost himself. After a flurry of ghost attacks and kicks, the ghost was defeated and they were free to return on home.
The next day, after a night of dealing with the final pillar named Aegislash, the song was performed live as everyone loved it. But this caused Sunset and Zazz to spice things up as they trashed the gym and framed Twilight for it. But a man named Flash Sentry exposed the frame up but the dance would be held off to tomorrow, leaving Twilight in a panic.
Acting fast at a local store, Jexi switches Ranma to girl form to have her go in and protect Twilight. But at this same time, Gospel’s agents Quick Man and Air Man cornered Sonic and Wendy in the shopping district in hopes of being rid of them for good. Sonic finally bested Quick Man while Air man Crashed into the store with Wendy just as Pinkie revealed the held secrets of Twilight and the heroes based on “a hunch”. Mega Man Scans Air mans weapon and with some help from the girls, Air man was cornered and beaten by Wendy, as he undersestimated her abilities as a Sky Dragon Slayer.
The Night of the Gala Finally comes. With no other option having all Six pillars defeated, Misdreavus Orders Spectra to commence an all out invasion just as Sunset steals the Crown for Flux and Zazz. However, the Mega stone inside the crown was wtiches with the Real Element of Magic. Gengar had the stone, and it just happened to be his. Using it, Gengar Mega Evolved in hopes of conquering Spectra and becoming king. But he was cut off by Hinata, so he decided to take her out first before assuming the throne. If that wasnt enough, Spectra was knocking on CHS door and Flux had finally revealed his most destructive Plan yet, himself. Fusing with Kyurem and two robots with Reshiram and Zekrom’s powers. He had become a horrible monstrosity known as Ultimate Flux. CHS became a Massive battle ground with Jexi trying to clash with Flux’s new form. But this form proved to be powerful for even Jexi to defeat as he was left bleeding and near death. It was at this moment that Twilight and her friends leapt into action. Using the real Element of Magic, twilight and company ponied up and empowered Jexi with the strength of all six magic elements and allowed Jexi to use a mode called Grand Mode. With this new overflowing amount of aura, Jexi brutally beat down Flux and his attacks. With a final barrage of fists, Flux’s body broke in two as they were sent into two different universes entirely. One just so happened to be the Kingdom hearts universe, the other was the Cosmic Circus.
After the battles were over and Sunset reformed of her evil ways, Twilight bid them all farewell as she returned home. But this didn’t last long as Twilight and her friends from the horse world met with the heroes in order to study other worlds. And at the center of it all was Rotom, who was trapped in Odd’s phone after failing to get out for his revenge. He spent whatever time was left playing mahjong on his phone.
Ó ć Ś ź ź ć ć ć ć ź ć ź ć ź ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ź Ó ć ć ć ć ź ź ć Ę ć ć ć ź ć ć ź ć Ę ć ć ź ć ź ć Ó ć ć Ą ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć Ż ć ć ć Ń ć Ą ź ź ć ć ź ć ć Ę ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ć ź
The MailMessage.To property is used to designate the addresses on the To line of an e-mail message. To add a recipient to an e-mail message, create a System.Net.Mail.MailAddress for the recipient's address, and then add that object to the collection returned by this property.
Find the best physicians in Altoona, IA. There is information on 3 qualified doctors practicing in this area.
Jodie Whittaker from the red carpet at the BAFTA TV Awards 2018: she talks about her becoming the thirteenth Doctor and her nomination for Virgin TV Must-See Moment.
Tom Spilsbury talks to former showrunners, Russell T Davies and Steven Moffat about adapting their stories, ‘Rose’ and ‘The Day of the Doctor’ into novels. You can get copies of these stories and others from internet.
An in-depth interview with Waris Hussein, Doctor Who‘s very first director, talking at the British Film Institute.
Waris Hussein joined BFT to discuss his remarkable career, from working with actors such as Anthony Hopkins, Ian McKellen and Shirley MacLaine to experiencing TV production on both sides of the Atlantic. Accompanied by clips of his finest work, Hussein discusses key productions such as the suffragette-inspired Shoulder to Shoulder, the Emmy-winning Copacabana, the Frederic Raphael-penned The Glittering Prizes and the BAFTA-winning Edward & Mrs Simpson.
The former series showrunner reveals why David Tennant nearly stayed an extra year and why one companion idea never made it to the screen. An interview interesting to watch: he has a new Doctor Who monster that’ll probably never appear.
Part 1 of Peter Capaldi’s interview on BBC Radio 2’s Doctor Who Access All Areas program for the Christmas Special Twice Upon a Time. Peter is with host Jo Whiley, the same presenter to whom he’d originally announced his departure from the show.
To celebrate the release of Shada, the Doctor Who team spoke to Tom Baker about his memories of the story, why he thinks the Fourth Doctor is so popular and why he has come back to the show.
Peter Capaldi reflects on leaving Doctor Who as his final moment approaches, alongside Mark Gatiss and Toby Whithouse. There are just few days left until the magical final chapter of the Twelfth Doctor’s journey, and we will all sees the Time Lord teaming up with his former self, the first ever Doctor (David Bradley) and a returning Bill Potts (Pearl Mackie), for one last adventure.
Two Doctors stranded in an Arctic snowscape, refusing to face regeneration. Enchanted glass people, stealing their victims from frozen time. And a World War One captain destined to die on the battlefield, but taken from the trenches to play his part in the Doctor’s story. An uplifting new tale about the power of hope in humanity’s darkest hours, Twice Upon A Time marks the end of an era. But as the Doctor must face his past to decide his future, his journey is only just beginning.
Mark Gatiss talks about the emotions on set during filming and about working with Peter Capaldi for his last episode. He told BUILD about the final outing for Peter and filming the 2017 Christmas special episode.
Interviewed on the BUZZ stage at MCM London Comic Con, David Bradley talks about recreating the First Doctor in the 2017 Doctor Who Christmas special, “Twice Upon A Time”. He’s accompanied by Claudia Grant (she played Carol Ann Ford), the actress who played the Doctor’s very first companion and granddaughter, Susan, in the 50th anniversary drama documentary An Adventure In Space And Time, and they give a shout out to the Big Finish audio adventures they’ve recorded together. The interview is interesting, let’s watch it.
This is interview with Elisabeth Sladen (known as Sarah Jane Smith) in front of a moving massive Dalek, just as she announced her departure from the TARDIS.
They have enjoyed an incredible working relationship on both Sherlock and Doctor Who, but will Gatiss still be a part of Who when new showrunner Chris Chibnall takes over? Let’s watch the interview and find out!
“They are absolutely wonderful together. They are hilarious, it’s absolutely gorgeous. You’re in for a real treat. A real treat”
The current showrunner reveals that the John Simm always secretly wanted to return to Doctor Who, and that his performance is well worth the wait. And he is back in series 10.
Also he drops hints about Peter Capaldi’s regeneration: “His Doctor feels sort of impulsive and in the moment and would do something reckless that you wouldn’t expect”.
Speaking to RadioTimes.com at the BFI & Radio Times festival, Steven Moffat had some thoughts about the Tweflth Doctor’s final stand.
Something’s coming… and it will be the Doctor’s most epic adventure yet. Season 10 will start this Easter, just a few days from now.
Get ready to have the time of your life with the Doctor, Bill Potts (Pearl Mackie), and Nardole this Saturday, April 15th at 9/8c on BBC America followed by the premiere of the new spin-off, Class.
Justin and Charity sit down and tell with the guys from the BBC about taking care of babies, saving the world, and the 2016 Doctor Who Christmas Special – The return of Doctor Mysterio.
Peter Capaldi was interviewed by Sophie Raworth (who appeared as a newsreader in “The Power of Three”) on the BBC’s hard news programme The Andrew Marr Show.
Ever wondered what Peter Capaldi’s first day on set was like on his first day as the Doctor? He was asked about that and that’s the answer.
For the past few months several short interviews have been released covering the story of the Tenth Doctor adventures. Watch this extended interview with David Tennant and Catherine Tate for Big Finish Productions about them returning to the roles of the Doctor and Donna.
Writer Cavan Scott answers questions about the new Ninth Doctor ongoing series from Titan Comics. Enjoy and listen carefully! He also offers a sneak preview of the comics.
This article is about the Silurians (or homo reptilia, as they are also known): their history, TARDIS Index Files, revies, interviews, and so on.
Here’s all you need to know about the history of the Silurians (and Madame Vastra) over the last 46 years of appearances in Doctor Who. You can get this exclusive Silurian illustration by Titan Comics artist Rachael Stott, available for FREE as a desktop and mobile wallpaper here.
Who Are The Silurians? The TARDIS index file tells you several data about the monsters of last month.
Neve McIntosh & Lindalee Rose talk about Doctor Who: Lindalee invades the tea-time of Silurian detective Madame Vastra at the Gallifrey One 2016 Doctor Who convention in Los Angeles. What do you think is the future of the investigative team of Vastra, Strax and Jenny (aka the Paternoster Gang), will the much talked about spin-off show become a reality, and what sort of Sonic would Madame Vastra have?
Peter Capaldi draws his favorites moments from Doctor Who, he decided to interpret the brief and drew his Doctors, and he talks about Season 9 and 10 for Doctor Who: The Fan Show.
After the ninth series of Doctor Who was finished Peter Capaldi paid a visit to HMV store on London’s Oxford Street to meet fans and the people there grabbed him for a chat.
Peter Capaldi joins the British TV presenter Lorraine Kelly to talk about the DVD release of series 9 of Doctor Who, about secrecy, omnishambles, series 10 and the imagination of Steven Moffat, and in particular, an occupational injury common to people who play the Doctor.
Lindalee Rose was at the last Doctor Who convention, from 2016, Gallifrey One in Los Angeles, and had a blast interviewing fans and stars of the hit BBC show.
One of those stars was Michelle Gomez (aka Missy / the Master) who talked about her convention experience, her role as the Master on the show, her thoughts on Steven Moffat leaving and more!
Lindalee Rose also had the pleasure of talking to the one and only Ingrid Oliver (‘Osgood’ from UNIT) and she had inquired about Osgood’s taste in time-lord apparel, what sort of Sonic-Screwdriver she’d have and many more fun questions.
Lindalee Rose was also granted an exclusive interview with veteran ‘Alien’ actor John Hurt (aka The War Doctor). What would John Hurt’s Sonic Screwdriver do and sound like and what’s his personal favorite Doctor? We find out that and more, plus watch him delight in being gifted with a baby Face Hugger from Lindalee.
In this funny and cute interview Catherine Tate talks about her new comedy, Do not disturb, about musicals and her return to the stage in Miss Atomic Bomb. She also discusses whether or not she would return to Doctor Who.
In this interview Jenna Coleman talks about why she’s leaving Doctor Who after 3 seasons, what she’ll miss about the show, and whether she’ll ever be back.
Cosplay & reunions: in the very first day of Doctor Who Festival there were some interviews to Peter Capaldi, Michelle Gomez, Ingrid Olivier, Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffatt.
People were visiting the Millenium FX stand at the Doctor Who Festival with YouTuber Bullysteria to turn him into a Zygon and find out a bit more about how he became a Doctor Who fan!
Anyway, if you have the time you can watch Peter Capaldi, Jenna Coleman, Michelle Gomez, Ingrid Oliver and Steven Moffat talking at the Doctor Who Festival, just a few days ago, the full 42 minutes. The footage is shaky, but that’s it…
The guys from BBC America asked the cast of Doctor Who the fans’ questions and here’s what Jenna Coleman had to say.
David Tennant & Catherine Tate return to Doctor Who on 3 audio dramas with Big Finish Productions. The stories are compiled as Doctor Who – The Tenth Doctor Adventures and are Technophobia (set in a near-future London in which mankind loses the ability to use technological devices), Time Reaver (set on a mechanical planet with a thriving black market economy and a dark secret) and Death and the Queen (Donna falls for the man of her dreams on a planet called Goritania, but the Doctor isn’t entirely convinced by this fairytale romance).
During the final days of recording they had a quick chat with the team, interviewed by executive producer Nick Briggs (know for the Dalek voice), filmed and edited by Tom Saunders. Why does Catherine Tate make such a good Doctor Who companion? And why is David Tennant such a good Doctor?
Golden Gravel, the best Joomla development toolbox The place where you can find Joomla extensions and hire people to develop you other extensions
JEmbedAll, component and plugin for Joomla A very powerful tool that let you embed video, images, documents, Community Builder advanced searches and other stuff on your Joomla site.
Purchase and download Community Builder advanced search JEmbedAll is a very powerful tool that let you embed Community Builder advanced searches and additional CB tools on your Joomla site.
Supravirtual SRL: Web design & development, software, seo and consulting in Oradea, Romania Supravirtual SRL. a company that provide services in Web design, software development, seo and consulting
No comments [Comments are now closed for this post] Posted by admin	- September 17, 2012 at 10:07 am
As important events occur, be it a new gallery opening or a new lesson being offered, check here for the latest news.
Foreword by Mr Petr Štěpánek, Chargé d´affaires a.i. of the Czech Republic to the Islamic Republic of Iran 04
Czech or foreign natural persons or legal entities can perform the business activity in the Czech Republic ifthey comply with the Czech law. The condition is generally the issuance of a Czech tr... more
Trades are divided under the Czech Trades Licensing Act (Act No. 455/1991 Coll.) into notifiable trades,which can be obtained based on notification, and concession trades, which can only be purs... more
As of 1 May 2015, an amendment to the Czech Investment Incentive Act (the “Act”) came into force. Its aimis to make investment incentives more attractive for investors even despite reduced maxim... more
Copyright ©2018 dojoto.info	. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & Designed by Cyclone Themes
BY NATURE, there exists an apparent clash between two opposing forces. There is the age-old rivalry by Satan against God – resulting to good versus bad and right versus wrong. In law and order, an obsolete law is differed with another supposedly applicable law – resulting to complexity of laws. There exists now the breakdown of the basic order and nature of principles—either these principles clash or attract.
In the field of healthcare, there is the apparent conflict of biomedicine, as articulated in RA 2382 or the Medical Act of 1959 versus traditional practice using natural and herbal medicine of RA 8423 or the Traditional and Alternative Medicine Act (TAMA) of 1997. In principle, biomedicine is commonly defined as the mainstream medical practice in western countries, with approach of treating a specific disease or curing a specific symptom. Article II, Section 6 of RA 2382 even set-up required courses such as “anatomy, physiology, biochemistry and nutrition, pharmacology, microbiology, parasitology, medicine and therapeutics, pathology, gynecology, ophthalmology, otology rhinology, and laryngology, pediatrics, obstetrics, surgery, preventive medicine and public health.” While Article II, Section 4 defines “traditional and alternative practice involve treating skills and practices on health care used in the prevention, diagnosis and elimination of physical or mental disorder; it is the sum total of knowledge, skills, and practice on health care recognized by the people to help maintain and improve their health towards the wholeness of their being, the community and society, and their interrelations based on culture, history, heritage, and consciousness.”
In teaching, biomedicine contradicts the law of the body. We are taught not to escape breakfast. That it is the most important meal of the day, and it will keep us strong for the rest of the day. But in alternative teaching, taking in solid food immediately every morning does more harm than good to our body—therefore do otherwise! The natural law of the body especially on mornings when we wake up is elimination, not ingestion. The natural body clock, designed by our Creator is ELIMINATION in the morning, not yet DIGESTION.
In western practice, we hurry to take in solid food for a supposedly good start of the day. We indulge into heavy meals that just weaken us for the rest of the day, because we forced the body to perform digestion immediately. But alternatively, mornings are time for elimination. For starters, drink one liter of water every morning and don’t eat breakfast especially heavy meals. Why? Our body is our master here with respect to health. Have you noticed every morning that you feel the need to excrete urine and feces? Is it you who commanded your body? No! It’s the nature of your body to follow its own natural law. Therefore you have to consider your body. The human body was designed by God therefore we must follow His designed principles. You have to consider the elements that God has prepared and laid down for us to understand– minerals, water, and air.
The moment you disrespect the idea of the creator then you are doomed to fail and suffer degenerative diseases that will gradually kill your body like Diabetes, Hypertension, and Arthritis, which are just the product of disobedience to the law of nature. Remember, your body is made of minerals. You need water, which is 82 % of your body. If ever you drink water every morning and then you do not become healthy, that is not the right water you’re drinking. But if you drink water which has minerals (like mixing your water with Fulvic mineral), the very first sign that it is right is you do not get hungry. The bottomline is to go back to the basic principle of maintaining health, not maintaining sickness. Let us go back to our infinite source; consult our Creator for whatever sickness or illnesses that we felt. Because natural medicines have already been provided and we only need to discover and apply those, and definitely not to distort and contaminate God-provided medicines. Our creator knows how best to cure us using natural medicines than those arrogant creators of drugs. Because following God and it natural ways means maintaining health and be well. But following the creators of drugs and its synthetic medicines means maintaining medication for your sickness for the rest of your life.
We are in a society of medical pluralism, parallel with democracy should be the freedom to choose which practice to prefer. We have the right to choose. For starters, Article 1, Section 3 of the TAMA Law should be fully implemented, like: a) To encourage scientific research on and develop traditional and alternative health care systems that have direct impact on public health care;
a) To promote and advocate the use of traditional, alternative, preventive and curative health care modalities that have been proven safe, effective, cost effective and consistent with government standards on medical practice;
b) To develop and coordinate skills training courses for various forms of traditional and alternative health care modalities;
c) To formulate standards, guidelines and codes of ethical practice appropriate for the practice of traditional and alternative health care as well as in the manufacture, quality control and marketing of different traditional and alternative health care materials, natural and organic products, for approval and adoption by the appropriate government agencies;
d) To formulate policies for the protection of indigenous and natural health resources and technology from unwarranted exploitation, for approval and adoption by the appropriate government agencies;
e) To formulate policies to strengthen the role of traditional and alternative health care delivery system; and
f) To promote traditional and alternative health care in international and national conventions, seminars and meetings in coordination with the Department of Tourism, Duty Free Philippines, Incorporated, Philippine Convention and Visitors Corporation and other tourism-related agencies as well as non-government organizations and local government units.
We, Filipinos believe in the natural way of healing based on belief in God, customs, culture and tradition—and we are well with these.
Archives Select Month April 2013 (1) May 2011 (30) April 2011 (42) March 2011 (36) February 2011 (33) January 2011 (32) December 2010 (39) November 2010 (37) October 2010 (38) September 2010 (30) August 2010 (29) July 2010 (32) June 2010 (32) May 2010 (33) April 2010 (32) March 2010 (33) February 2010 (31) January 2010 (81) December 2009 (163)
LOL – I’m a technical person. Most anything c-a-n be washed in it. And I’ve also washed numerous things in the washing machine already that probably shouldn’t be washed i.e. crayons, bottle caps, money and probably more than a few rocks. (I have children!) But this is a legitimate question on a test.
Many people have told me they consider dish towels and sponges to be kitchen utensils. So does this count?
You mean putting pots, pans, egg-turners and spoons in the clothes washer? What on earth sort of test asks this kind of dumb question? I suppose you could put them in a clothes washer if you didn’t care about wrecking the untensils or the washer or both. It’s a free country and it’s your washer. I’m waiting for someone to say they’ve tried it.
Just put the smaller items in a mesh bag with a couple of dish cloths,load the machine with other dish towels,etc.,lots of detergent and bleach…
The dish cloths in the bag do the scrubbing as the machine agitates,the bleach disinfects,the detergent gets the grease film…
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4752: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3887)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4754: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3887)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4755: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3887)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4756: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3887)
[2] This was done to inflict a greater suffering than crucifixion would be alone; and to add to the horrors of the
[3] Jesus, about to be put to death, after the manner of a slave, was also treated as a slave; as one of the
2. For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor
3. He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our
4. Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God,
5. But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our
6. All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the Lord hath laid on
7. He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought as a lamb to the
8. He was taken from prison and from judgment: and who shall declare his generation? for he was cut off out
9. And he made his grave with the wicked, and with the rich in his death; because he had done no violence,
10.Yet it pleased the Lord to bruise him; he hath put him to grief: when thou shalt make his soul an offering for
sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in his hand.
11.He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied: by his knowledge shall my righteous servant
12.Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong; because he
hath poured out his soul unto death: and he was numbered with the transgressors; and he bare the sin of
[b] The whip had nine pieces of leather at the end and they most likely had woven into the ends pieces of
[c] Jesus would have been tied to a stake, with his hand over his head, and the skin on his back stretched
[d] Jewish law only allowed a person to receive thirty-nine lashes, so Pilot would have conformed to their
[h] It is obvious that it weakened Jesus drastically because he was not able to carry his own cross, and
John 19:3-4 - And the soldiers platted a crown of thorns, and put it on his head, and they put on him a purple robe, And
John 19:4 - Pilate therefore went forth again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that ye may know that
John 19:5 Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And Pilate saith unto them, Behold
John 19:6-7 When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate
saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify him: for I find no fault in him. The Jews answered him, We have a law, and
[2] Still, I find it hard to believe, he consented when he knew in his heart that Jesus was innocent.
[F] Then they told Pilot that Jesus had made himself the Son of God an that was the offence that he was to die for.
[2] All the miracles he did, and all the things he taught, meant nothing to them. Jesus was a threat and they
[C] Something in his gut, told him Jesus just might be who he claimed to be, and the Jews out of jealousy and envy
John 19:9 - And went again into the judgment hall, and saith unto Jesus, Whence art thou? But Jesus gave him no
[a] If he would have answered, he would have told him the truth, he was from heaven and was the son of
thee, and have power to release thee? Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it
[4-a] He placed Pilot in power, knowing he did not have the strength to release Jesus because of his
[a] He places into power men who’s heart is not right with him, so that they will do certain thing he wants
[b-1] Hitler – who killed millions of Jews but ultimately was the reason for Israel’s return to their
ben hall weekend is half over thank God! wasn’t much down town this arvo. might be more at the show ground tomorrow – maybe!
Archives Select Month April 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (46) November 2015 (28) September 2015 (5) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (10) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (6) November 2012 (14) September 2012 (40) March 2012 (1) February 2012 (4) January 2012 (20) December 2011 (2) October 2011 (1) August 2011 (3) July 2011 (6) June 2011 (9) May 2011 (7) March 2011 (1) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (48) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (2) October 2010 (3) September 2010 (9) August 2010 (16) July 2010 (23)
5 Let His faithful followers erupt in praise, singing triumphantly wherever they are, even as they lie down for sleep in the evening.
17 The Eternal your God is standing right here among you, and He is the champion who will rescue you. He will joyfully celebrate over you; He will rest in His love for you; He will joyfully sing because of you like a new husband.
In some cases you may require to pause for the user input or display a message to the user and prompt him to continue by pressing the key. ...
How to get path of the current system's temporary folder using .NET (C#) Temporary folders are useful to store simple logs during execut...
ApplicationData is the directory that serves as a common repository for application-specific data for the current roaming user. It can be r...
Immediate and Command window in Visual Studio The Command window is used to execute commands or aliases directly in the Visual Studio ...
Two methods doing some identical jobs always create some confusion. What to use to 'unload' the form Form.Close or Form.Dispose For...
Yet again we take the good old select file form as our example. Let us use the MouseHover event of the ellipsis button to inform the user of...
How to Populate DataGridView on the fly using VB.NET Not all data come from a database table; at times we need to create in on the fly. ...
        //  Today it is not changed.  If we decide that this should change in the future we can easily add
        // calls GetStream() on PackagePart then we will attempt to get the stream for the named resource
        ///      Safe - because only hooks up specific internal event handler only applicable to for non-browser hosted scneario
        ///   2. Critical - because creating a new ResourcePart is critical, as the ResourceManagerWrapper
        ///                 that it uses has an Assembly instance that is SecurityCritical data for accessing internal types.
        ///      Safe - because a ResourceManagerWrapper is being created based on a Uri name that gets mapped
        ///             to an assembly from which a stream for the Uri was created and GetResourceManagerWrapper
        ///             guarantees that given a Uri, the stream is always created from that mapped Assembly
            // AppDomain.AssemblyLoad event handler for standalone apps. This is added specifically for designer (Sparkle) scenario.
            // We use the assembly name to fetch the cached resource manager. With this mechanism we will still get resource from the
            // old version dll when a newer one is loaded. So whenever the AssemblyLoad event is fired, we will need to update the cache
            // with the newly loaded assembly. This is currently only for designer so not needed for browser hosted apps.
        // been added to the cache. If it has, we need to update the cache with the newly loaded dll.
            // We do no care about those. Only when a assembly is loaded into the execution context, we will need to update the cache.
                // Note Package caches Part and Part holds on to ResourceManagerWrapper. Package does not provide a way for
                        // This Uri maps to Application Entry assembly even though it has ";component".
• Allows the app to get the list of accounts known by the device. This may include any accounts created by applications you have installed..
• Allows the app to perform operations like adding and removing accounts, and deleting their password..
• Allows the app to use the account authenticator capabilities of the AccountManager, including creating accounts and getting and setting their passwords..
• Allows the app to read data about your contacts stored on your device, including the frequency with which you've called, emailed, or communicated in other ways with specific individuals. This permission allows apps to save your contact data, and malicious apps may share contact data without your knowledge..
• Allows the app to get your approximate location. This location is derived by location services using network location sources such as cell towers and Wi-Fi. These location services must be turned on and available to your device for the app to use them. Apps may use this to determine approximately where you are..
• Allows the app to get your precise location using the Global Positioning System (GPS) or network location sources such as cell towers and Wi-Fi. These location services must be turned on and available to your device for the app to use them. Apps may use this to determine where you are, and may consume additional battery power..
• Allows the app to view information about Wi-Fi networking, such as whether Wi-Fi is enabled and name of connected Wi-Fi devices..
• Allows the app to view information about network connections such as which networks exist and are connected..
• Allows the app to create network sockets and use custom network protocols. The browser and other applications provide means to send data to the internet, so this permission is not required to send data to the internet..
• Allows the app to access the download manager and to use it to download files. Malicious apps can use this to disrupt downloads and access private information..
• Allows the app to download files through the download manager without any notification being shown to the user..
• Allows apps to accept cloud to device messages sent by the app's service. Using this service will incur data usage. Malicious apps could cause excess data usage..
• Allows the app to access the phone features of the device. This permission allows the app to determine the phone number and device IDs, whether a call is active, and the remote number connected by a call..
• Allows the app to send sticky broadcasts, which remain after the broadcast ends. Excessive use may make the device slow or unstable by causing it to use too much memory..
• Allows the app to receive packets sent to all devices on a Wi-Fi network using multicast addresses, not just your device. It uses more power than the non-multicast mode..
• Allows the app to read the sync settings for an account. For example, this can determine whether the People app is synced with an account..
• Allows an app to read the sync stats for an account, including the history of sync events and how much data is synced..
• Allows the app to have itself started as soon as the system has finished booting. This can make it take longer to start the device and allow the app to slow down the overall device by always running..
We are a boutique law firm focused on delivering cost effective solutions to all family law disputes.
Dilvir S. Tatter, LL.M., LL.B. Based in Brampton, Dilvir S. Tatter is a Barrister and Solicitor, ...
Workplace issues are complex, involving real people and difficult decisions. Since its inception ...
At Davis Webb LLP our lawyers excel in real estate and land development law, business law, person...
Deliscar Professional Corporation specializes in providing legal and language services in English...
Find the insurance coverage and investments you need, all in one place. You deserve a personalize...
Gillis Injury Law in Brampton was founded by two dedicated personal injury lawyers with extensive...
We are a software developer, as opposed to a reseller, so we are entirely responsible for our pro...
We are always accepting new patients, walk-ins, dental emergencies and referrals. We are a full-s...
HQIC is partnering with Wise Elephant FHT to utilize the recently released HARP tool jointly deve...
The Downtown Brampton BIA promotes the commercial area as a vibrant business and shopping district. The BIA strives to make the quality of life for our downtown businesses and services better.
To receive up-to-date information on what’s happening Downtown Brampton, please subscribe to our enewsletter.
Rain does not close the Market. Vendors make their own decisions based on weather and how it affects their products. Most farmers still set up on rainy Saturdays, but many of the artisan vendors do not.
The Market Manager monitors weather conditions and may make a public announcement if severe weather threatens. Seek appropriate shelter if necessary. Please be aware of blowing items and lightning during stormy conditions and do not expose yourself to unnecessary risk at the Market.
Yes. The Market is closed when Christmas and New Year’s Day fall on a Saturday. July 4th will depend on the number of Vendors who would like to participate. Please check the web site or Facebook for announcements.
Most Vendors are full time, however predicting which Vendors will be at any given Saturday is difficult. Vendors make their own decisions based on weather, product availability, workload, and more; these are sometimes last-minute decisions. If you are interested in a specific Vendor, you may be best off contacting that business directly with your question. Use the Market’s vendor listings pages for those vendors who choose to submit their information.
The Market is located in the heart of Downtown Lakeland. Using a GPS, use the address of 200 N. Kentucky Ave to get directions to the Market. There is a link to Google Maps on the home page of this site.
The number of Vendors varies, but the Market typically has between 50-60 Vendors on any given Saturday.
Current Vendors are listed on this site and should have contact information on its page. You can search by the Vendor’s name, category or product to help you find the Vendor you are looking for.
The Market is a product of the Lakeland Downtown Development Authority and is financially self sustaining.
The Market in an open air market in the city streets of Downtown Lakeland. Smoking is not prohibited on city streets.
It is the individual Vendor’s responsibility to collect sales tax. Vendors may include the tax in the listed price, remitting the relevant amount afterward, or may add the tax to each transaction at Market.
Many Vendors accept credit cards, but not all. The Market accepts SNAP/EBT at the SNAP/EBT booth and converts the SNAP credit into tokens. Identified Vendors accept these tokens the same as cash, though by law SNAP/EBT tokens cannot be given change. There are many banks located within walking distance of the Market with ATMs. There is a bank fee for swiping a credit or debit card, as in most ATMs. The tokens do not have an expiration date; they may be used from year to year.
Visit the contact link and email us your question. We can answer you directly and then add it to this page.
Archives Select Month October 2018 August 2018 March 2018 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 August 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2008
Starting from May 1946, the Jewish Hospital of St. Ottilien used its facilities as delivery station for pregnant Jewish mothers mostly from the DP camp Landsberg which was the largest among the Bavarian DP camps, but also from other camps of the American occupation zone. The delivery station in Landsberg was closed down in autumn of 1946 probably because of the transfer to St. Ottilien. The reason for this transfer was probably the fact that the fully equipped hospital in the monastery had less and less medical cases so that the delivery station provided a new task. The high number of births is part of the so-called „DP baby boom“ among Jewish survivors (starting from the second half of 1946, about 750 babies each month in the US DP camps according to Adina Grossmann, Jews, Germans and Allies, Princeton 2007, p. 188). Altogether 418 children (203 boys, 214 girls, one child with no indicated gender) were born in the monastery compound from 1946 through to 1948 many of whom have now „Eresing“ or „St. Ottilien“ as birth place in their passport. Several couples married in the DP camp. If you want a birth certificate or a marriage certificate of your parents, please address yourself to the local register office of Windach: kelly@vg-windach.de.
The data for the birth registration was always given by the Hospital administration to the local birth registry of Eresing. More precise information about the dwelling places of the parents starts only in August 1946. According to these incomplete indications, the mothers lived in the following places:
The other mothers lived in private places or their DP Camp is not clearly indicated. Nearly all the mothers came from within the American zone of occupied Germany.
Mothers with their children born in the camp Kaufering I who recuperate in St. Ottilien (from left to right: Bozsi Leggman, Ibolya Kovacs, Suri Green, Magda Fenvesi with her mother behind her, Dora Loewy, unknown nun).
When Dachau was liberated on April 29, 1945, the American troops found seven mothers with their children alive. Five of these mothers spent a rehabilitation time at the DP-Hospital St. Ottilien on June/July 1945.
Photographs of Arik Bahat (born on January 23, 1947) and his parents Michael Bahat (Bachmat) and Ester Bahat, nee Gamsa
Photographs of Michaela Avnir, nee Steingarten, and her son David (born on June 12, 1947) in St. Ottilien
© Provided kindly by David Avnir, Jerusalem (see also the memories of his mother Michaela Avnir in „Documents, Memories and Films“)
The article in the Ottilien magazine „Heidenkind 1 (1968), p. 17“ reports how Ruth Machtinger, an American student of medicine, visits St. Ottilien during a trip through Europe in Summer 1967. Ruth was born in St. Ottilien in July 22, 1946 and wanted to see this place which had often been described to her by her mother. Text: Article 1968
For those just starting out, it is better to get some one on one instruction or do a class where an instructer can observe and moniter your form.
Please do not attempt if you have a pre-existing injury or medical condition. Always consult with your health care provider.
Dr. Alison Leitch has completed a 4 year Doctor of Chiropractic Degree and an additional 4 year Health Science Degree. She has also completed the Medical Acupuncture Health Sciences program from McMaster University in Canada, and is skilled in a variety of soft tissue techniques to address problems related to muscles, ligaments, nerves and fascia. Dr. Alison’s area of focus is conditions related to the joints, spine, pelvis, nerves and muscles such as back and neck pain, headaches and arthritis.
You could drop by Noosa Holistic Health at any time during opening hours and someone will be available to assist you, but the best way to see Dr. Alison is to make a booking. You can do that through our booking service by clicking the button below...
We provide our amazing kitchen facelift process in Dunedin, Otago and throughout New Zealand. Our innovative approach to renovating kitchens allows us to provide exceptional value, saving thousands compared to throwing out everything and installing an entirely new kitchen. So, if you are interested to know what is involved and what it will cost, simply contact us. We can even bring samples to your home and measure up for you.
New Zealanders love to renovate their kitchens, and it’s easy to see why. Renovations are one of the most effective ways to raise the value of a home and a wonderful way to improve the home for your family. Every renovation is different and costs vary according to your desires.
Transforming your kitchen into a place you truly enjoy should not be a complicated process. At Dream Doors Kitchens, we are dedicated to creating solutions that are not only beautiful, but also unfold for you simply and efficiently, with minimal disruption, completed in a number of days.
Many times, small changes can have a huge impact on your home, family and the environment. Simply updating kitchen doors, drawer fronts and benchtops is a cost effective solution to updating your current cabinetry, along with the options of new fittings, sinks and appliances, dependant upon your desires and budget.
The resulting kitchen will look amazing and create the heart of your home, that you will want to prepare and share meals with for your family and friends.
Make a scrapbook of your favourite kitchen ideas and gather inspiration from magazines to create the kitchen of your dreams. Upgrading a kitchen is full of endless options, even a few simple changes can do wonders to refresh the home. Our designers have tons of hot tips and ideas for kitchen renovations, why not give us a call or ask us to visit your existing kitchen to discover the possibilities!
DreamsMaster: If you’re at an age and stage in life where having a baby is a possibility for you, then this dream may be foretelling your future. It’s actually quite common for a woman to dream of having or holding a baby before it’s confirmed that she’s pregnant. This is a time when a woman’s intuition is particularly keen.
When the literal interpretation of pregnancy is ruled out, dreams of having a baby carry powerful symbolism. A baby represents new life, new possibilities. This newness could manifest in the form of a creative new venture, or it could represent a new or renewed spiritual path. If your emotional state in the dream was happy, then the dream could signify positive new growth in your life to be excited about. If you felt anxious or upset, then perhaps part of the dream’s message is to give yourself a bit more nurturing and seek out support during this growthful time in your life.
As this is a recurring dream, your innermost mind is working hard to deliver an important message to you. One thing you can count on… prepare for a major change in your life!
Dream: Today as well as yesterday I dreamt of my boyfriend with his ex. I dreamt that his ex girlfriend with several babies ranging from newborn to around 3 years of age and pregnant came around and I was just pushed away and he unconditionally accepts her and her babies with open arms and seems happier than ever. I’m not sure where I end up but while he is at work I return to the place that he and she live that once I resided with him and what once was a home being a real house has now turned into a motor home parked on the curb of his mother’s house. He still works and she’s happy tending to the kids and expecting a new baby, although not his, he seems totally accepting of that and is happy. He’s in love and I step out of the picture because after all I being in love with him would never deny what I see in his eyes in his ways would never dream of interfering in his happiness.
DreamsMaster: It’s quite possible this dream is your innermost self delivering the message that it’s finally time for you to move on. “…what once was a home being a real house has now turned into a motor home” could be symbolic of this message of pulling up roots. In the dream he is surrounded by children and babies, new life. Perhaps you sense that he has genuinely moved on now, and it’s time for you to do the same. The fact that the dream has occurred more than once means it’s an important dream to pay attention to. Your inner wisdom is calling you to action.
Neil Davies and his team at Caddick Davies Solicitors worked endlessly preparing a multitude of legal submissions to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). These submissions clearly showed the immense knowledge Caddick Davies Solicitors had for The Road Traffic Act as the CPS had no option but to drop the case.
I was prosecuted for drink driving and at risk of losing my employment and everything I held dear. I hadn’t committed any offence, but I was alone and needed someone to argue my case. I am very pleased I contacted Caddick Davies as they fought my corner from the start to the end and I cannot describe my relief when I received their call telling me my case had been dropped.
Technical information and resources on drink driving offences, including alcohol elimination rates and the calculation of your own breath alcohol reading in accordance with your recollected consumption
I believe that all motorists should have access to high quality advice and representation from a specialist motoring solicitor, as we all rely on our cars and many of us rely on our ability to drive to earn a living and support our families.
I was charged with an offence of drink driving and was due to appear before a court in London and needed a specialist solicitor. I found Caddick Davies on the internet and from the minute I made my enquiry to the very last minute of my trial, the whole team at Caddick Davies Solicitors were... Read more »
I would like to say a big thank you to you and your team for all your hard work. You were honest from the start regarding our case and your knowledge was second to none. Without your hard work my son would be without his licence and his job. Your expertise was outstanding and I... Read more »
Caddick Davies Solicitors is regulated and authorised by the Solicitors Regualtion Authority. Solicitors Regulation Authority number: 550669
Cell phones and driving are a dangerous and often fatal combination. It’s a problem for everyone, but especially for new and inexperienced teen drivers. So, how can you convince your own teen to hang up, stop texting and taking selfies and just drive?
Car crashes is still the number one cause of death for teens from the age of 16 – 19. When you mix in cell phones and driving, your teen driver’s chance of having a serious or fatal auto accident increases by four times.
A study by Cambridge Mobile Telematics found that the majority of recent car crashes resulted from phone distraction. A few shocking findings from the study include:
Phone distraction lasts for two minutes or more on 20% of drives with distraction and often occurs at high speeds: 29% at speeds exceeding 56 miles per hour.
The worst 10% of distracted drivers are 2.3 times more likely to be in a crash than the average driver, and 5.8 times more likely than the best 10 percent of distracted drivers.
Yes, it’s absolutely true that cell phones and driving do not mix well for any age group. However, it’s most dangerous for teen drivers. Why? Because they are inexperienced. New drivers don’t always know what to do in particular driving situations. In fact, it takes a full five years to become an experienced driver.
According to AAA, 46 percent of all teen drivers admit to text messaging while driving, and that says nothing of the teens who won’t own up to the practice. 51 percent admit to talking on the cell phone while driving. Unfortunately, both practices are quite dangerous, especially for young and inexperienced drivers.
Georgia drivers under 18 with a learner’s permit are completely banned from using wireless devices while driving.
Governor Nathan Deal recently signed House Bill 673, which addresses the dangers of cell phones and driving. It requires drivers to use hands-free technology when using cell phones and other electronic devices while driving. The new distracted driving law goes into effect on July 1, 2018.
Georgia’s new law increases the fine for distracted driving from $150 to up to $900 for repeat offenders. It also increased the penalty from 1 point assessed against a driver’s license to up to 6 points for repeat offenders. Drivers with 15 points in a 24-month period lose their licenses.
Holding or supporting, with any part of the body, a wireless telecommunications device or stand-alone electronic device (for example, an iPod).
Writing, sending or reading any text-based communication, including a text message, instant message, e-mail or internet data while holding your device.
Watching a video or movie other than watching data related to the navigation of your vehicle (i.e., your mapping app or GPS screen).
Reporting a traffic accident, medical emergency, fire, a crime or delinquent act or a hazardous road condition.
Drivers can use their phones while “lawfully parked,” which does not include momentary stops at red lights and stop signs.
While the new law is certainly a step in the right direction, don’t be lulled into the false security of hands-free technology. Three out of four drivers believe that it is safe to use. Most may be surprised to learn that these popular new vehicle features may actually increase mental distraction. When it comes to cell phones and driving, the best solution is to turn them off or put them in the glove box while driving.
A study from the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety proves dangerous mental distractions exist even when drivers keep their hands on the wheel and their eyes on the road.
For the study, drivers engaged in common tasks, from listening to an audio book or talking on the phone to listening and responding to voice-activated emails while behind the wheel. Researchers used the results to rate the levels of mental distraction drivers experienced while performing each of the tasks. Similar to the Saffir-Simpson scale used for hurricanes, the levels of mental distraction are represented on a scale:
Tasks such as listening to the radio ranked as a category “1” level of distraction or a minimal risk.
Listening and responding to in-vehicle, voice-activated email features increased mental workload and distraction levels of the drivers to a “3” rating or one of extensive risk.
So, while hands-free technology may reduce crash risk, it doesn’t eliminate it. In fact, it’s still considered distracted driving and may jeopardize your teen driver’s life.
Before your teen grabs the keys, make sure you have guidelines in place to deal with cell phones and driving. Sit down with your teen to set rules and consequences.
You can’t always watch your teen, but you can definitely let trusted friends and relatives know that you would like to be notified if they spot your child using his phone to talk or text message while driving.
If your parenting style is a little more James Bond than that, you could even go so far as to match up your teen’s usual driving times with cell phone call and text message records. If your teen is a habitual offender, you’ll know pretty quickly.
Remind your teen driver that handheld cell phones and driving is unlawful under the new Georgia distracted law that goes into effect on July 1st.
Cell phones and driving – Set a good example! Do you talk and text on your cell phone while driving? If you do, you’re doing a terrible disservice to your teen driver.
When you pick up the cell phone to make a call as you drive down a deserted stretch of interstate, your teen isn’t thinking, “Well, this is a relatively low-risk driving situation and Mom has a lot more driving experience than me.” He’s thinking, “I guess it’s okay to talk on the phone if you’re a good driver, and I’m getting pretty good…”
No matter how hard it is, you need to resist the temptation to use your cell phone while driving if you want your teen believe it’s a rule worth following.
A very funny and very simple toy can come out of thread and button. Nothing to do, but how many positive emotions!
Everything - our toy is ready. To play it you need to take free ends in hand. Unwind the button harder and tighten the button back and forth by tensioning the thread. In general, watch the video:
Definition: Public Peering is peering across a shared fabric such as an Ethernet switch. Public Peering is the dominant method of peering in the peering ecosystems we studied, although many support both Public and Private Peering.
Public Peering is the dominant method of peering in the peering ecosystems we studied, although many support both Public and Private Peering.
The 2014 Internet Peering Playbook is now available on the iPad at the Apple Store and for the Amazon Kindle. The Kindle, ePub and PDF form are also perpetually updated on the DrPeering DropBox share.
long bodied cellar spider horticulture and home pest news how to get rid of spiders pholcidae naturally,how do i get rid of cellar spiders to daddy long legs spider you in the house,how to get rid of cellar spiders pholcidae do you best way,spider control get rid of spiders in home how to cellar the house uk pholcidae,how do i get rid of cellar spiders to pholcidae daddy long legs spider can,spider categorized species photos pest control how can i get rid of cellar spiders to naturally uk,how to get rid of cellar spiders in the house best way spider extermination south shore pro naturally,how do you get rid of cellar spiders all about to in the house uk naturally,what to feed a cellar spider best how do i get rid of spiders you,how to get rid of cellar spiders pholcidae naturally rafter spider workbook in the house uk.
After 300 years of slumber, three sister witches are accidentally resurrected in Salem on Halloween night, and it us up to three kids and their newfound feline friend to put…
Seasoned musician Jackson Maine discovers—and falls in love with—struggling artist Ally. She has just about given up on her dream to make it big as a singer—until Jack coaxes her…
When Eddie Brock acquires the powers of a symbiote, he will have to release his alter-ego “Venom” to save his life.
A young ballet dancer travels to a prestigious dance academy in Europe, only to discover it is a front for something far more sinister and supernatural amidst a series of…
Seven strangers, each with a secret to bury, meet at Lake Tahoe’s El Royale, a rundown hotel with a dark past in 1969. Over the course of one fateful night,…
An untested American submarine captain teams with U.S. Navy Seals to rescue the Russian president, who has been kidnapped by a rogue general.
Elastigirl springs into action to save the day, while Mr. Incredible faces his greatest challenge yet – taking care of the problems of his three children.
Jared, the son of a Baptist pastor in a small American town, is outed to his parents at age 19. Jared is faced with an ultimatum: attend a gay conversion…
Laurie Strode comes to her final confrontation with Michael Myers, the masked figure who has haunted her since she narrowly escaped his killing spree on Halloween night four decades ago.
After he and his first wife separate, journalist David Sheff struggles to help their teenage son Nic, who goes from experimenting with drugs to becoming devastatingly addicted to methamphetamine.
Henri “Papillon” Charrière is convicted in Paris for a murder he did not commit. Sentenced to life imprisonment in the penal colony of French Guiana, he becomes obsessed with escaping….
On the eve of D-Day during World War II, American paratroopers are caught behind enemy lines after their plane crashes on a mission to destroy a German Radio Tower in…
An elite group of American operatives, aided by a top-secret tactical command team, must transport an asset who holds life-threatening information to an extraction point 22 miles away through the…
Singer Freddie Mercury, guitarist Brian May, drummer Roger Taylor and bass guitarist John Deacon take the music world by storm when they form the rock ‘n’ roll band Queen in…
When a young nun at a cloistered abbey in Romania takes her own life, a priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows…
Gellert Grindelwald has escaped imprisonment and has begun gathering followers to his cause—elevating wizards above all non-magical beings. The only one capable of putting a stop to him is the…
Information about the doctors surgery opening hours, appointments, online prescriptions, health information and much more
The nurses and doctors provide a range of contraceptive services and advice. For your convenience this is available every day in normal appointments. The ‘morning-after pill’ must be taken within 72 hours of unprotected intercourse (but it is most effective if taken in the first 24 hours). If you inform the receptionist, you will be dealt with promptly. Other contraception such as coil fitting and implants are available from the surgery. Please book a normal appointment with a doctor to discuss the options. When requesting any appointment for these kind of contraception service please inform the receptionist which service you require to ensure the doctor has the correct amount of time to carry out the procedure. Some procedures are only done by a specific doctor. Coil fitting appointments are available on Wednesday afternoons. There are other local contraception clinics available. For more information, call 01772 401140 Monday - Friday 9am-5pm.
Our nurses offer full diabetic care and for your convenience this may be booked on any day. Please mention when booking that it is for a diabetes review and you will be given a longer appointment. The chiropodist and dietician services provided by the PCT are now offered separately to provide Diabetic Screening.
All the doctors are on the local obstetric list and provide maternity services. We work closely with a team of midwives from the Royal Preston Hospital.
The doctors will perform minor surgery that they feel is appropriate including cryocautery (freezing) minor skin lesions and joint injections. Please speak to your doctor during a normal appointment and a convenient time will be arranged, some procedures are only done by a specific doctor.
The practice provides child development checks in conjunction with the health visitor. You will be sent a card when these are due; please make an appointment as necessary. All children will be called for vaccination through the computer system run by the Preston Primary Care Trust. An appointment should be made with the nurse. If you need to re-arrange the time just ring reception and we will find a convenient time for you. If your child has a minor illness when the vaccination is due it is best to re-arrange if there is a high temperature. If you have any worries about your child’s development, please speak to the doctor during a normal appointment.
Blood tests are done at different clinics at different times of the day. A blood test timetable can be collected from the reception desk and view by the link below.
We offer a comprehensive travel health service. We will check your requirements and if you need any vaccinations or malaria prescriptions we can arrange appointments for all your needs. More information is available on the above tab.
The INR clinic is held each Wednesday and facilitated by Miss Julie Nicholson-Wallbank (HCA). It is open to all patients who require Warfarin monitoring – strictly by appointment only.
If you require any vaccinations relating to foreign travel you need to make an appointment with the practice nurse to discuss your travel arrangements. This will include which countries and areas within countries that you are visiting to determine what vaccinations are required.
Please complete a Travel Vaccination form from reception in the first instance. The nurse will advise which vaccines are required. Please allow 72 hours for this process.
It is important to make this initial appointment as early as possible - at least 6 weeks before you travel - as a second appointment will be required with the practice nurse to actually receive the vaccinations. These vaccines have to be ordered as they are not a stock vaccine. Your second appointment needs to be at least 2 weeks before you travel to allow the vaccines to work.
Some travel vaccines are ordered on a private prescription and these incur a charge over and above the normal prescription charge. This is because not all travel vaccinations are included in the services provided by the NHS.
To help us offer the appropriate advice, please fill out the online form then contact the surgery after 10am three working days after completion. We will then be able to let you know if you require any vaccinations and offer you an appointment with the nurse.
If you are travelling to Europe the EU has published useful information for travellers on the European website.
Some services provided are not covered under our contract with the NHS and therefore attract charges. Examples include the following:
The fees charged are based on the British Medical Association (BMA) suggested scales and our reception staff will be happy to advise you about them along with appointment availability.
These appointments are made by referral from your GP. Queries can be dealt with by calling 0300 500 0390, option 4.
These appointments are made by referral from your GP. Queries can be dealt with by calling Chorley Medics on 01257 268284. http://www.chorleymedics.co.uk/
These appointments are made by referral from your GP. Queries can be dealt with by calling Community Dermatology on 01254 282930
Meet senior singles in baton rouge, louisiana online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site for senior dating in baton rouge. Meet senior singles in lafayette, louisiana online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site for senior dating in lafayette. La crosse's best 100% free senior dating site join mingle2's fun online community of la crosse senior singles browse thousands of senior personal ads completely for free.
Dating for seniors is now effortless thanks to our amazing senior dating site meet other senior singles and see how over 50 dating can be exciting, senior next. Top 5 dating sites for seniors 02/08/2013 rose 10/28/2017 at 5:16pm i’ve been on senior dating sites off and on for several years. Over 60 single flirt, date your profile will automatically be shown on related senior dating sites or to related users in the online connections network at no. Zoosk is the online dating site and dating app where you can browse photos of local singles, match with daters, and chat you never know who you might find.
The online mature casual senior sex dating site for sexy senior adult dating and finding no strings sex mature looking for senior sex dates: usa janice, 54 6. Senior planet asked for an update on the new cards senior dating and sex who says we don’t need meaningful relationships and sexual healing when we’re older. Senior singles know seniorpeoplemeetcom is the premier online dating destination for senior dating browse mature and single senior women and senior men for free, and find your soul mate. British single men thousands of photos and profiles of men seeking romance, love and marriage from united kingdom.
La romane's best 100% free senior dating site join mingle2's fun online community of la romane senior singles browse thousands of senior personal ads completely for free. 17 august 2018 axl rose news, gossip, photos of axl rose, biography, axl rose girlfriend list 2016 relationship history axl rose relationship list axl rose dating history, 2018, 2017. Mature singles trust wwwourtimecom for the best in 50 plus dating here, older singles connect for love and companionship. Meet jewish singles in your area for dating and romance @ jdatecom - the most popular online jewish dating community. Watch red rose porn videos for free, here on pornhubcom discover the growing collection of high quality most relevant xxx movies and clips no other sex tube is more popular and features.
Watch red rose la cubana porn videos for free, here on pornhubcom discover the growing collection of high quality most relevant xxx movies and clips. Find available gay seniors who are looking for a hook up tonight online try our gay senior dating and browse through our directory to find a one night stand. By joining the site i agree to terms and conditions and shared site disclosurei also agree to receive flirts, messages, account updates and special offers targeted to your interests, sent. Find love, fun and friendship with our senior dating site saga dating, voted 2012's best dating site by the 50+ awards. Very old women free sex site - free granny pictures and hardcote granny in video porno action only hot grannies sex senior tgp - best old grannies sites - granny tgp.
Come online, check out over 65 dating and meet singles over 65 for free don’t be shy--we have hundreds of senior singles waiting for you so sign up today, over 65 dating. The original and best christian seniors online dating site for love, faith and fellowship christian online dating, christian personals, christian matchmaking, christian events, and. The senior center section consists of three facilities: the greenhouse, the rosehouse, and the senior art studio the goal of the centers is to meet the needs of elderly persons from various. We are a very friendly and eclectic group i organized this meetup 6 years ago the group is for single seniors age 60+ we meet once or twice a month for a delicious lunch or dinnerat.
11% of american adults have used an online dating site or a mobile dating app numbers, facts and trends shaping your world 5 facts about online dating.
Meet local horny women tonight meet local horny women is the only online dating site that can satisfy any and all of these needs and then some.
Black senior dating is the hottest new dating site for single black seniors who want to connect with other singles, who love life and are enjoying their golden years, black senior dating. America's community for everyone over 50 looking for love, friends and new adventures online personals, dating and new friends for senior singles and the 50+ generation.
This policy explains in detail how “DSI / Prophet Forum” along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “DSI / Prophet Forum”, “http://dsiforum.com”) and phpBB (hereinafter “they”, “them”, “their”, “phpBB software”, “www.phpbb.com”, “phpBB Limited”, “phpBB Teams”) use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter “your information”).
Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, by browsing “DSI / Prophet Forum” will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer’s web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter “user-id”) and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter “session-id”), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within “DSI / Prophet Forum” and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience.
We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing “DSI / Prophet Forum”, though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software. The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter “anonymous posts”), registering on “DSI / Prophet Forum” (hereinafter “your account”) and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter “your posts”).
Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter “your user name”), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter “your password”) and a personal, valid email address (hereinafter “your email”). Your information for your account at “DSI / Prophet Forum” is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your email address required by “DSI / Prophet Forum” during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of “DSI / Prophet Forum”. In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated emails from the phpBB software.
Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at “DSI / Prophet Forum”, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with “DSI / Prophet Forum”, phpBB or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” feature provided by the phpBB software. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your email, then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
« Seller is very nice and easy to talk to. He offered me alot of stuff and it is very cheap. I can't decide on which to buy! Seller is very responsive . Packaging is well packaged too. Bubble wrapped»