We are dedicated to providing our players the best friv gaming experience on the internet! Visit every day to discover new games, achieve high scores, and participate in one of the most active gaming communities.
Have your game played by millions of gamers! welcomes game submissions from talented game developers. Not every game makes the cut, but if it does, we'll promote it on Games and give you all the credit and link back to your site. Submit your game here and good luck!
The government's attempt to find a form of words that would satisfy the EU27 and allow progress to phase 2 has run aground not on the mechanics of commercial regulation, which are as much of a mystery to most MPs as to the general public, but on the vexed issue of sovereignty. It's worth reminding ourselves at this point of the difference between internal and external sovereignty. The former concerns who has the ultimate authority within a state. That authority includes the right to pass domestic laws to accommodate the interests of foreigners in general (e.g. allowing non-citizens to own property in the UK) or other states in particular (e.g. allowing the US to operate airbases on UK soil) , but doing so does not compromise sovereignty because those laws can always be repealed or otherwise amended in the future. The ability to reject the past and impose a new regime is a defining characteristic of the sovereign. Constructively ambiguous though they may be, terms such as "no divergence" and "regulatory alignment" imply a commitment to keep domestic regulations in sync with the EU, but they do not imply submission to regulation or oversight by the EU. This is therefore an exercise of internal sovereignty.
External sovereignty concerns the concession of specific authorities beyond the state. Historically, that was often the result of coercion, such as by colonies in an empire or through the ceding of territorial control (e.g. by China to the UK over Hong Kong). Today, it is more likely to mean cooperation, such as intergovernmental organisations like the International Criminal Court, or collective regulation among peers, such as the EU single market. In respect of sovereignty, there is no fundamental difference between the UK's relationship with the EU and its relationship with the UN, NATO or the WTO. In all cases the UK has pooled authority in return for specific benefits. While states can always revoke concessions of cooperative external sovereignty, as the UK is now doing in respect of the EU, the reciprocal nature of those concessions entails a quid pro quo: we necessarily lose something, a point that the EU has repeatedly emphasised but some Brexiteers remain in denial about. Though it has received less media coverage than the border, the actual issue of external sovereignty that remains up in the air is the continued status of the ECJ as a final court of appeal in respect of the rights of EU citizens in the UK post-Brexit.
The government presumably hoped that their preferred wording on the Irish border would provide sufficient reassurance to the EU27 to allow progress to phase 2 of the negotiations without any concession of external sovereignty; in effect substituting the Good Friday Agreement as a guarantor in place of any EU institution. This would have been an astute move if the DUP were genuinely keen to preserve the GFA, but even a passing acquaintance with Irish politics should have alerted London to the unlikelihood of that. The DUP chose to interpret the wording both in terms of external sovereignty, as a concession to a foreign power (the Republic), and in terms of internal sovereignty, as an erosion of the constitutional integrity of the UK. Leaving aside for the moment that this integrity is illusory (not least in Northern Ireland), this shows the way that mixing the two produces a volatile combination in which matters of practical international cooperation are inflated into existential threats. The Tory ultras have done likewise, condemning the proposed wording as both a constraint on future trade deals with other nations and as an attempt to achieve a united Ireland by the back door.
Today has seen members of the cabinet provide two key insights into the British government's thinking. David Davis told the Commons Brexit Committee, "The strategy we decided way before the October council, before March, indeed before the triggering of article 50, was that we would go for an over-arching, comprehensive trade deal". For Davis, this was a reason to not bother preparing impact assessments, but it also implies that the government did not expect to have to elucidate, let alone honour, the wording in respect of the Irish border. The gamble appeared to be that a superior deal could be agreed in phase 2 that would make the wording irrelevant. However, while it wasn't unreasonable to believe that the EU27 also wanted a comprehensive trade deal, it was risky to imagine that this would be bespoke rather than off-the-peg. We know that the government can only reconcile the demands of Brexiteers with the need to maintain advantageous market access through cherry-picking, but that is precisely what the EU27 will not allow (it is also likely to fall foul of WTO rules if it is anything short of comprehensive, and a comprehensive deal with the EU would limit the potential for deals with other countries).
Of the off-the-peg solutions, the Norway option (EEA) is clearly unacceptable to the ultras because it entails the free movement of labour and continued payments to the EU, while the Canada option (CETA) would be inadequate because it doesn't cover services and would require a hard border. At the moment, the Canada option looks like the logical starting point for the phase 2 negotiations, assuming we ever get there. The omission of services would be difficult to rectify short of a comprehensive scope, which is essentially the EEA option. A more limited deal for financial services will no doubt be mooted, but that would be picking the largest and juiciest cherry, which is unlikely to meet EU27 approval unless there are major concessions elsewhere. The need for a hard border could be avoided by agreeing to align with the EU's external tariffs, but that would be identical to remaining in the Customs Union and would constrain the UK's ability to agree trade deals with others. The UK might be able to swing a financial services sector deal in combination with continued membership of the Customs Union, but that would pretty much kill the "free trade" vision of Brexit and indicate that the government's priority remains the City of London. That's not a popular look.
The second key insight came with Philip Hammond's admission that there has been no substantive discussion by the cabinet on what the Brexit end-state should be. His explanation was that this would have been premature before the end of phase 1, though it is unclear what new data or understanding has been gained over recent months that would have a material impact on any debate. Given Davis's admission that impact assessments haven't been carried out, Hammond's caution seems at odds with the general air of insouciance. One way of reconciling these two attitudes is to assume that the key players have arrived at the same conclusion from different directions, namely that Brexit will largely mean whatever the EU27 decide it means. The phrase "nothing is agreed until everything is agreed", which has replaced "Brexit means Brexit" as the stock answer to most questions, might suggest this. Rather than May, a woman not known for sunny optimism, adopting a Micawberish attitude of "something will turn up", it looks more like she is hanging on grimly in the hope that reality and the EU's own red lines will gradually persuade the cabinet to concede that the Norway option really is as good as it is going to get. Until that realisation dawns, we must continue to plod wearily through the slough of despond.
If it comes down to a choice in cabinet between a 'Norway option' (however it may be dressed up) and a 'no deal' (WTO rules) can the Tory party survive?
If the cabinet decides for a 'Norway option' it will pass the House of Commons because the bulk of the Labour party will support it together with whipped Tories. There will be a large number of Tory rebels who will then bring down May, a leadership contest ensues. A general election should follow.
If the cabinet decides for a 'no deal' perhaps they can get this through the House of Commons, but surely it would be close. On the 28 March 1979 Uncle Jim's Labour government lost the vote of confidence by one vote.
The force keeping the Tories together is the desire to remain in power. To get on in the Tory party in recent years has required demonstrating sufficient Euroscepticism. So it's possible Euroscepticism trumps the desire for power. Or put another way the only way to keep the Tory party together is to keep pushing for a hard Brexit.
Another factor worth considering is what is going on in the rest of Europe. Germanay still to form a coalition. Italian General Election May 2018. The Italians have suffered horribly in the Euro under the SGP. Maybe the shine coming off Macron in France. However the Eurozone economy is picking up. Even if a very radical government came to power in Italy would EU change occur, probably not, or at least not fast enough to effect Brexit.
The case against a universal basic income was put yesterday by two very different thinkers. Nick Boles is a well-connected Tory who since hi...
Culture, like language, is an adaptive self-organizing complex system. Metaphorically, it is the operating system of an organization which cannot be changed by simply applying “best practices” or “new rules”. Ideas are agents within the cultural system. A culture hacker uses observation and empathy to sense cracks within the cultural system.
A crack is something which feels uncomfortable. It feels like tension, perhaps a conflicting idea or assumption, which would be revealed by or could serve as a leverage for the hack.
A culture hack is the minimal, artful intervention which, if successful, influences the culture of an organisation by making use of the crack. A hack consists of activities creating events that have the potential to change a prevalent idea or assumption, e.g. by introducing narratives telling a different truth.
“Cultural Hacking can be understood as infiltration into systems and the changing of their coding. It is a critical, often even subversive game, with cultural codes, messages, and values.” (Joannes M. Hedinger, Com&Com)
There are 3 zones for hacking culture: Green Zone: A safe hack which isn’t too disruptive, Blue Zone: A medium hack that is a bit disruptive, Red Zone: A hack that most likely will get you fired!
Frontier Scuba is a 5 Star Instructor Training Center located on Sabang Beach, Puerto Galera, Philippines. Our services include guided diving , PADI & SDI reactional diver courses, TDI tech diver and tech instructor courses,complete dive resort packages includng private transfers from Manila and liveaboard and other dive destinations throughout the Philippines.
With a wealth of experience, professionalism and enthusiastic attitude towards diving, let our team introduce you to the underwater world of Puerto Galera.
I don't think I'll be reading this thread again until I get my copy from Rob, it's just too painfull!
As a bit of an "outsider" to this site, I just can't convey how good a piece of nostalgic journalism that you guys and in particular Rob have produced. It really does have to "look and feel" of the best mag ever to be produced and more importantly in the style.
The only downside is that it's easy to lament the passing of such a wonderful magazine and the feelings of utter jismic excitement when the new mag (Zzap!) arrived - or was that just me?
Finished reading the mag cover to cover, and it's brilliant. I loved the comments in the margin, the sublime layout that echoes the classic ZZAP so exactly, and it feels great to finally call myself a ZZAP reviewer...
Feel all happy and warm by all positive comments all over the net, and I guess it's only the first wave!
Btw, I'm so glad I could cram in all those bottom page comments AND Rockford & Thingies. I only decided to do that, and actually did it, only HOURS before uploading the mag to Retro Gamer!
erm. He is really. Hes a reviewer in a magazine called Zzap64! available at the end of this week that comes free with retro gamer or can be ordered online.
Which, crucially, has the backing of a certain Roger Kean, who also wrote some stuff for the mag. This is, to my mind, more "official" than 107 (largely edited by Gordon).
My "problem" is old readers of Zzap who buy Retro Gamer will open the supplement and think "Who the **** are these people" as soon as they turn over from the contents page, then wonder why people from a message board are adding their comments to old reviews. Don't see the validity. Sorry.
And just in case they don't, that's why the page at the front giving a brief bio on the people involved is there...
Fair enough, we weren't there doing it in the day... I'm sure most of us would have liked to (though admitedly meeting and chatting to Gordo in 1988 brought home the realities of just how bad it could be). I've done work for a teletext company, Hewland, Superplay, Edge, been featured in GamesTM and regularly in RetroGamer. I think I've earned my place
(along with everyone else present as we are generally a close knit "crew" of afficianardos. I try not to use "fans" as it comes from "fanatic", though I'm sure we can pop Rob into that category now )
I think it's odd to add comments to old reviews, except by people who worked during the classic years (the beginning till issue 49, or maybe 50) but not on that particular review. I have no qualms over any Zzap!Back member's qualifications to pass opinion on C64 games or over their writing ability, but to outsiders it will seem very strange to see them following reviewer comments by Jaz, Gaz, Paz etc.
I think it's one of those 'take it or leave it' things - This 'issue' of ZZAP! is a tribute so unless we can got back twenty years, we are never gonna see the original staff working together and the original ZZAP! still coming out.
It's like those fan-made Doctor Who documentaries and video's that were produced during the 90's (and the new novels that were published until recently). It keeps the spirit alive. (Sorry for another mention of Doctor Who!).
I haven't seen the suppplement yet, but if others are to be believed, it looks very much like the ZZAP! we know and love - If it had the ZZAP! name on the front cover, then inside it was unrecognisable, then I think people could complain....
Finally, none of the people involved (Rob, Craig, reviewers) are making any money out of this, so again, I don't see the harm? If it helps get a few people to investigate ZZAP! then I am all for it.
two questions,first has anyone else purchased this particluar game stick.secondly, i read somewhere that the game the last ninja was to be included?.your comments are appreciated.many thanks,mike
I've never heard that the Last Ninja game(s) were going to be included... Is it the PAL or NTSC version you've got?
I believe this link lists them, but it seems to be down at the moment. Otherwise have a look at the C64 DTV thread in the C64-General forum and the skyscraper ad I did up, lists all the games, although a couple of them will be hard to read!
I'm not sure that is worth £30 - When I read that they were changing the games slightly I assumed that they might include a few more classics.
Hmmm - I thought £30 was the RRP? It's good that other places are offering slighlty cheaper deals - I wonder how long I can wait till it goes down a bit more?
They Were Our Gods - a website charting my progress on an upcoming book of the same name, about the UK gaming scene in the 1980s.
Yup, removing Paradroid—one of the very best C64 games ever created—is a really stupid mistake, especially considering some of the real crap/mediocre stuff on there (Championship Wrestling, Exolon, Firelord, Apshai, Head the Ball, the dire Pitstop, Super Cycle, Sword...)
just a quick note to say its 20 quid in Argos and it really is fantastic. Yes, Paradroid is in there and everything is very good and normal (no shit emulation here).
The odd one out is Speedball, but Bitmap Brothers seem to have a fairly liberal attitude to emulation.
Look for the on the internet pharmacy's certificate number, telephone number <a href="http://canadianpharmacyextra.com/#canadian-store">ed drugs online canada</a> and physical address on the website. Additionally look for the regulative body that cares for its procedures. Many governing bodies have a checklist of registered pharmacies on their internet site. Call up the pharmacy and check whether a pharmacist is available to speak with you and take your order. cialis generic canadian
Some tasty ideas on making interesting and delicious cottage cheese recipes. Cottage cheese recipes that create wonderful dishes for your family & friends. Cottage cheese recipes across cuisines. Check out our healthy cottage cheese recipes and make your dishes more exciting. Sumptuous cottage cheese recipes for devouring.
Kadai paneer is a ridiculously simple and no fuss recipe. The name Kadai paneer owes its origin to the Indian Kadai or wok. Two ingredients critical to … Read More
I want to take a moment to welcome you to Cleaning Services and More in Summit County! We thank you in advance for your interest!
This is my first blog, ever! Our NEW Blog will cover a variety of topics, regarding cleaning, recipes, household hints and whatever else comes to mind. With varying topics, I hope to relate to as many readers as possible!
First, let me introduce myself. My name is Louise Sturmi. Like many of you, my life is busy and sometimes complicated. I’m married, own and operate a cleaning company (with the help of my amazing staff Jodi and Nancy), have a teenage daughter, and a great circle of family and friends.
After being in the corporate world for years and there being a high demand on my time, I decided to venture out on my own. This would allow me to manage my time and not allow my job to control so much. I didn’t want to miss my daughter growing up, her school functions and sports. So the venture I decided to take on was buying a cleaning company, which today is known as Cleaning Services and More.
So here I am, 12 years later writing my FIRST blog, and welcoming readers to join me on this crazy ride! I promise to try and make each blog interesting to as many readers as possible. I look forward to not only sharing cleaning tips, advice and recipes, but most of all whats important to us here at Cleaning Services and More and our community. Thanks for reading, have a fabulous day!
We want our clients to be satisfied with our services & if something is not right, we want to fix it! Notify us within 24 hours and we will come out at no additional charge and fix the issue! CLICK HERE to contact us today!
Just head to our FAQs where we cover topics from cancellations to our policies. We even have tips that will make your cleaning the best it can be! Can't find the answer your looking for? No problem! Feel free to contact us at anytime with your questions or concerns.
JW steel keeps more than 10,000 tons hot rolled and cold rolled KR DH40, R D40 shipbuilding steel in stock each month. We can meet our customer’s any quantity request. Based on these stock source, our advantage industry spread into steel process like : cutting ( any size and any shape ) drilling, welding, milling, machining and steel struct
Shipbuilding Steel plate with KR certification, Shipbuilding Angle steel bar with KR certification, Bulb flat bar with KR certification for shipbuilding, L section shipbuilding steel bar with KR certification.
Bebon International shipbuilding steel manufaturer & exporter ... sometimes stainless steel also can be used in shipbuilding. Shipbuilding steel, ... KR/D40: NK/D40 ...
Cudas Womens Shasta Fisherman Sandal, Pink, 7 M US Upgrade to 2-Day Air Delivery for Only $1.95!! *Does not apply for shipping to Hawaii or Alaska Click On Thumbnails To Enlarge FEATURES + DETAILS Slip-on water shoe with mesh panels featuring crisscross elastic bands and rear pull tab for easy on/off Protective toe and heel bumper Non-marking traction outsole ITEM DESCRIPTION All purpose slip-on water shoe. Toe and heel bumper for extra protection. Traction grippy outer sole is anti-slip and non-marking. X-band upper for great fit. QUESTIONS FEEDBACK If you have any questions or concerns regarding our products, please do not hesitate to contact us through the Ask a question link located at the bottom of the page. We want to make sure you are fully informed about the product you wish to... Less
Treat your feet post-game with the plush Nike Benassi Solarsoft Slide 2 Sandals. Boasting a sick fractal design on the padded upper strap, these cushy sandals offer the perfect combination of comfort and style. A dual-density foam midsole cradles the foot and provides a plush feel, while the traction pattern on the sole keeps you from slipping and sliding on wet surfaces.
With superior drainage and a custom fit, you'll get the most out of your aquatic adventure with these women's Horizon water shoes from Body Glove.Shoe Features Adjustable midfoot strap Breathable design IDS Technology for superior water drainage Flexible non-marking traction sole Shoe Construction Mesh, neoprene upper Neoprene lining EVA midsole TPR outsole Shoe Details Round toe Hook & loop closure Padded footbed Size: 9. Color: Brt Pink. Gender: Female. Age Group: Adult.
With superior drainage and a custom fit, you'll get the most out of your aquatic adventure with these women's Horizon water shoes from Body Glove.Shoe Features Adjustable midfoot strap Breathable design IDS Technology for superior water drainage Flexible non-marking traction sole Shoe Construction Mesh, neoprene upper Neoprene lining EVA midsole TPR outsole Shoe Details Round toe Hook & loop closure Padded footbed Size: 7. Color: Brt Blue. Gender: Female. Age Group: Adult.
Few sayings sum up the competitive spirit much like the three words that have become the mantra for sports enthusiasts everywhere. The Men's Nike Benassi Just Do It Slide Sandal continues this lasting legacy with plenty of style and the perfect fit. The textured footbed and Phylon midsole/outsole offer superior comfort before and after training or competition. Iconic details deliver a bold look and let everyone know that you came to play.
With superior drainage and a custom fit, you'll get the most out of your aquatic adventure with these women's Horizon water shoes from Body Glove.Shoe Features Adjustable midfoot strap Breathable design IDS Technology for superior water drainage Flexible non-marking traction sole Shoe Construction Mesh, neoprene upper Neoprene lining EVA midsole TPR outsole Shoe Details Round toe Hook & loop closure Padded footbed Size: 10. Color: Brt Blue. Gender: Female. Age Group: Adult.
With superior drainage and a custom fit, you'll get the most out of your aquatic adventure with these women's Horizon water shoes from Body Glove.Shoe Features Adjustable midfoot strap Breathable design IDS Technology for superior water drainage Flexible non-marking traction sole Shoe Construction Mesh, neoprene upper Neoprene lining EVA midsole TPR outsole Shoe Details Round toe Hook & loop closure Padded footbed Size: 6. Color: Brt Pink. Gender: Female. Age Group: Adult.
Throw out everything you know about flip-flop thong sandals and say hello to the Nike Men's Ultra Celso Thong Sandals. A stark departure from traditional, uncomfortable rubber flip flops, these plush sandals feature ultra soft neoprene straps and two densities of foam underfoot for maximum comfort.
With superior drainage and a custom fit, you'll get the most out of your aquatic adventure with these women's Horizon water shoes from Body Glove.Shoe Features Adjustable midfoot strap Breathable design IDS Technology for superior water drainage Flexible non-marking traction sole Shoe Construction Mesh, neoprene upper Neoprene lining EVA midsole TPR outsole Shoe Details Round toe Hook & loop closure Padded footbed Size: 10. Color: Brt Pink. Gender: Female. Age Group: Adult.
A barely-there translucent design makes your style clearly stand out in the ankle strap and audacious block heel fashion of Steve Madden's Teena dress sandals.
With superior drainage and a custom fit, you'll get the most out of your aquatic adventure with these women's Horizon water shoes from Body Glove.Shoe Features Adjustable midfoot strap Breathable design IDS Technology for superior water drainage Flexible non-marking traction sole Shoe Construction Mesh, neoprene upper Neoprene lining EVA midsole TPR outsole Shoe Details Round toe Hook & loop closure Padded footbed Size: 6. Color: Brt Blue. Gender: Female. Age Group: Adult.
With superior drainage and a custom fit, you'll get the most out of your aquatic adventure with these women's Horizon water shoes from Body Glove.Shoe Features Adjustable midfoot strap Breathable design IDS Technology for superior water drainage Flexible non-marking traction sole Shoe Construction Mesh, neoprene upper Neoprene lining EVA midsole TPR outsole Shoe Details Round toe Hook & loop closure Padded footbed Size: 7. Color: Brt Pink. Gender: Female. Age Group: Adult.
The slender ankle strap design on Material Girl's Blaire dress sandals spotlights the chic two-piece styling with sophisticated femininity.
Easy Street's Tuscany Adagio sandals bring fresh contemporary style to all-day wear with a free-spirited asymmetrical design and platform wedge heel in effortless slip-on fashion.
Sliced cutouts and zipper details add interest to the versatile style of Easy Street's Karlie sandals complete with a sturdy block heel.
The popular two-piece design of Steve Madden's Irenee sandals pairs with a stylish, cork block heel for must-have weekday to weekend fashion.
Wide crisscross straps wrap your feet with bold allure in these Kali sandals from Charles by Charles David fashioned with a chunky block heel in popular fashion.
Glam up any look with the metallic shimmer and rhinestone accents on Adrianna Papell's Cassidy sandals.
Your quirky style will show through in Steve Madden's leopard-print Patches sandals with floral embellishments.
Vince Camuto's Eliaz sandals create a unique gladiator look with ghillie lace-up details at the sides and a strappy design. (Clearance)
If you are a literary agent or publisher interested in seeing more of the Epi Trilogies, please feel free to contact me for an access code to the Hall of Nations where the text can be viewed.
When the desert raiders invade a small village, a retired ambassador must face the old fears of his past and confront their leader in the name of peace. But much more lies beneath the surface and as his grandson witnesses his greatest moment, he discovers that history may not be what it seems.
Voltair 30 Backpack The Voltair 30 is an advanced avalanche airbag pack capable of multiple deployments in a single day. Its custom-designed rechargeable battery and powerful centrifugal blower achieve the same pressure and fill rates as gas cartridge systems, then pulse additional air that helps maintain inflation in case of minor.
The Gregory Alpinisto 50 is an alpine style winter backpack best used for backcountry skiing and ice climbing. It has a number of optional components that can be removed to save gear weight depending on your needs and is one of the few winter sports backpacks to have an external crampon pocket.
Pet Friendly Holidays With Hot Tubs If you want to find log cabins with hot tubs in the UK, you’re in the right place. We we analysed over 1.5 million visitors to find the most popular UK lodges with hot tubs. Lodges with hot tubs are popular with couples looking for a romantic getaway or to celebrate a special occasion. Some lodges offer extra touches such
Opening the zip, there is a single compartment while there are Velcro tabs. A full toolkit with fat bike tube, two insulated jackets, a hat, waterproof gloves, a.
Learn the tricks for packing and hoisting your backpack, including ways to balance the load, organize gear and ensure essentials are handy.
Klein Tools’ Tradesman Pro Tablet Backpack features multiple pockets for plenty of tool storage, a separate interior padded pouch compartment for your tablet, a hardmolded front outside pocket for safety glasses and a front zip pocket to store loose parts.
I love how this backpack has padding on the shoulder straps, a waist buckle to offset the weight, water bottle side pockets, a separate front compartment for other things.
The Coolers: The bottom part of the bag is a generously sized, mylar-lined insulated compartment. Keep your food and beverages cold (or warm) in here. A mesh pouch at the top of the compartment holds your ice pack in place, if you.
Stash your gear quickly and hit the road in our redesigned 28-liter Borealis backpack that’s constructed with a new suspension system for all-day comfort. The main compartment features a padded, fleece-lined 15" laptop sleeve and the front compartment is equipped with a tablet sleeve to protect and organize your electronics.
Picnic backpacks are easy to carry, have insulated compartments for food and drinks. You can keep some water bottles, juices, and sparkling water in the.
It features an insulated. large main compartment for your larger food packages and a top section to store more delicate items. Keep your dinner ingredients cool.
There’s even a hidden cash and key compartment. The band is also sweat-resistant so. amount of H2O but still allows you to move quickly and with ease. The insulated interior keeps your drink cold from the beginning of your workout to.
This was very comfortable. Great access to main compartment from top and from side zipper. Has self contained rain cover. Hip pockets can fit.
Completely redesigned to organize your electronics and simplify your life on-the-go, the 33-liter Surge backpack is constructed of hyper-durable ballistics nylon and crafted with a padded haul handle on the exterior.
Holidays In Palma De Mallorca German leisure carrier Condor is expanding its short- and medium-haul programme. The German holiday airline now flies to Palma de Mallorca and Antalya all. at Easter mass with his family at the Cathedral-Basilica of Santa María de Palma de Mallorca this past Sunday. King Juan Carlos was reported to be on holiday. Hotels For Sale Fiji James Packer steps
Verso, top right-center, in pen and brown ink, the mark of John Barnard, London (died 1784)(Lugt 1419); verso, lower left, stamped in brown ink, the mark of the MFA (Lugt 282)
John Barnard, London (died 1784)(Lugt 1419); P. & D. Colnaghi and Co., Ltd., London; from whom purchased September 18, 1963
Rights The Tulsa City-County Library is unaware of any copyright restrictions on the publication, distribution, or re-use of this particular item. As a matter of good scholarly practice, we recommend that patrons using Library-provided reproductions cite the Tulsa City-County Library and/or the appropriate web page as the source of reproductions.
B K Ramadhyani & Co is a well known chartered Accountant company.saving cost on printer cartridges was a challenge. we approached them in the year 1993 and demonstrated them how a good laser printer w...
St.Patricks Academy is a great school on sarjapur Road. We received a contract for establishing Computer labs for the primary school. We established lab just like others do but we made it more useful ...
Anthony Raj the name itself has become synonymous with his highest level of committment towards not just refill cartridges but also for all related printin..
The Success of Kromia Remanufactured cartridges is because of the Hard work And Strict quality control systems adapted by Anthony Sir. He is always ready t..
The original film version of Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur's hit satire of the newspaper business comes newly mastered in HD from 35mm elements preserved by the Library of Congress, and packed with special features including a short documentary, audio commentary, and radio adaptations. Based on the hit 1928 Broadway play, and twice remade, this fast-paced farce was the prototype for the classic screwball comedies to follow.
On the fringe of genius, on the outer edge of bizarre, on the far horizon of fall-down funny, Harland Williams takes comedy to whole new frontier! On a mountaintop deep in the Mojave Desert, away from the plush safety of the typical comedy club filled with his adoring fans, Harland courageously takes on Mother Nature in a hilarious stand-up set on the world's biggest stage.
A box set of Kino's releases of five films (Nothing Sacred, A Farewell To Arms, A Star is Born, Bird of Paradise, Little Lord Fauntleroy) culled from the personal collection of producer David O. Selznick preserved by the George Eastman House Motion Picture Department, newly mastered in HD and authorized by the Selznick estate.
A quarter century has done nothing to dim the many charms of arguably Jonathan Demme's best movie. Now looking more choice than ever, on Criterion Blu-ray.
Screwballs remains perhaps the most relentlessly raunchy teen comedy of the '80s. Golden Globe winner Dylan McDermott (The Practice) stars in Hardware, the graphic post-apocalyptic thriller that marked the feature film debut of writer/director Richard Stanley will be presented uncut and uncensored with a slew of new extras.
Digital Reproduction Information Display image is jpeg downsized to approximately 4"x 6" at 300 dpi.
You can either use bicycles to move from one point to other than using the vehicles. Not everybody who is in position to ride a bicycle because of the skills that are involved when riding. Anybody can ride a bicycle despite the age or sex. The challenge facing the bicycle riders is the increasing insecurity for the bicycles. Losing a bicycle can be stressing and therefore it’s important to take the necessary care to your bicycle. It’s also important to understand that thieves are smarter this days and therefore you need to be smarter when buying the padlock to protect your bicycle. The market is flooding with many choices for good padlocks that you can use on your bicycle but now selecting the safest lock is the biggest challenge. Consider the tips on this site to make sure you make the right choice of the lock for your bicycle safety.
Think about the pricing of the lock. It’s good to have the idea that different locks cost difference in the market. You should be guided by your budget on the ranging if the lock you will buy. Contacting many suppliers whether online or physically will help you to choose the price that fits into your budget. Although cheap locks are likely to be of low quality, you should not go for the expensive locks that will surpass your budget.
Examine the quality of the lock material. Quality locks can guarantee you maximum security for your bike when left in a risky environment. In most instances good quality locks are expensive but you should not risk your bike for a poor quality bike lock. Strong quality locks are hard to cut through by simple tools like saws that are easily available hence discouraging the intentions of the thieves. Choose the lock that is likely to produce a lot of noise when being cut and this will alert you on the threatened security of your bike.
Lock shape is another thing to be mindful of. The size and the shape of the padlock make it easier for you to protect the bicycle and also make it difficult for thieve to maneuver through. When there is a wide area to penetrate through to the main lock, your bike may be at risk, if you have to go for larger or U shape of which is the best for attaching your bike to other frames you must make sure there is no loophole for saw or any other equipment that can be used against your bike. Small lock are the best since they provide no space for cutting.
large mahogany coffee table square mahogany coffee table square coffee table drawers large mahogany coffee table with drawers large mahogany square coffee table extra large mahogany coffee table.
large with extra mahogany coffee table tables c furniture amusing drawers square,danish sale mahogany for table 1970s extra large coffee pam at square,mahogany table large square coffee antique extra,large mahogany square coffee table extra ebay on collection, mahogany table antique coffee extra large square,shelf with tables large mahogany square coffee table inexpensive extra glass,extra large mahogany coffee table square furniture vintage tables,mahogany small with drawer single coffee table large square extra regency,large mahogany square coffee table extra,cocktail coffee extra large mahogany table square wood marble top.
Recently, I wrote a piece on Cuepoint about how :30 second songs might be just around the corner because streaming services pay artists after :30 seconds. Well. About a week passed. There’s a new site called Eternify that claims it gets artists paid by streaming only the :30 needed in order to count as a “stream.” The future, kids. I don’t get it either. So let’s have some fun. The link I’m not-so-strangely interested in: http://eternify.it/#Mike-Errico Technically, all you do is click on a piece of mine and it will stream :30 clips. I’ve never done something so easy in the entire Internet. Here’s the deal: You work with me, I’ll make stuff for you. If you are leaving work/stepping away from your computer for the evening, or if you don’t listen to music while you work, you can click on it, then simply hit mute and go about your day/evening. If that’s too intrusive, you can click on it before you step away from your computer for the day, and just let it run. You can, it appears, even open multiple tabs and let them run simultaneously. (I tried it. Seems like it works.) Would you rather get another artist paid, too? Not a problem — just open a tab and stream that artist, too. It also gives a running total, so you can keep track of your contribution by taking a screen grab. Like so: YOUR EXCELLENT QUESTIONS PROBABLY ARE: “Mike: What will you do with the money, if it arrives?” I’ll make more of the stuff you (hopefully) already like. Same as if you subscribed to a Kickstarter or Patreon campaign, except...
[Every other week, I’m releasing a new story that comes with music, playlists, podcasts, and photos. The whole archive is being collected right here. Check it out, and if you liked it, I’d appreciate it if you’d hit the RECOMMEND button at the bottom to let others know about it. (It’s just like a Facebook like.)] Gigging for God: My Time in the Church Folk Group I was an “at-risk” tween rock guitarist, so my parents sent me to a halfway house to play Dylan songs for God. Here’s how it...
This is not about copyright infringement. It’s about how not to get effed by your own entertainment lawyer. I hope my artist friends will check it out, and I hope it helps. What the “Blurred Lines” Lawyer Taught All Artists For a minute, forget about the “Blurred Lines” verdict, the lyrics and whether or not you love Marvin Gaye. The New York Times just ran a profile on Richard S. Busch, the lawyer who won the $7.4 million case for the Gaye estate. In explaining how he did it, Busch says something I hope all artists caught: “By being on the outside,” he said, “everyone who hires me knows that they get 100 percent of my loyalty.” Why is that noteworthy? Because there’s an assumption that you can hire an entertainment attorney — that’s the guy on your side, remember — and not get 100 percent of his/her loyalty. It’s pretty hard to win a legal battle with a lawyer who might not be riding with you. You’d think loyalty was a given, but, as Busch casually explains it, that’s not the case. Read on at Cuepoint. What the “Blurred Lines” Lawyer Taught All...
Read Appraising Amanda Palmer’s New Patreon Campaign on Cuepoint. Amanda Palmer is good people. No, she’s great people. She came to a songwriting class I taught at Yale, and opened her heart, mind and soul to my students. She tweeted to her fanbase and for one slice of a second, we trended on Twitter. (I did not get the screengrab. Dammit.) Now she’s got a Patreon campaign, and I think the experiment will prove fruitful for her. As I write, she’s up to $20k per piece of content after just one day. So. Fruitful. In short: Meet the future of the tip jar. Appraising Amanda Palmer’s New Patreon...
Every other week, I’m releasing a new story that comes with music, playlists, podcasts, and photos. I call it “The Solo Show.” NEW: “Setlist for a Drunk Birthday Girl“ In honor of the cold snap that has gripped much of the country, here is “Miracle on Ice,” if the “ice” were a barroom floor in Indianapolis and the “miracle” were a drunk birthday girl who *really loves* AC/DC. BONUS: Download a live version of this story on the Mike Errico Podcast (free) Indiana had been battered with a cold front that had cleared the roads of most everyone but emergency vehicles and me. The weather drove sideways into rows of houses along I-80 and scratched against my windshield like coarse sand. I had a gig at a club called Birdy’s, and had driven across two states, stopping only for peanuts and gas… read on… Setlist for a Drunk Birthday...
My experience auditioning for a record label. Dedicated to anyone who has done something weird. I reminded myself that there was no one to ask for permission. I could play solo, and write the words I needed to say. I could record, live tight, and strip my life to its essence, with its familiar silence and the weight of everything being exactly where I left it. I could go on without anyone, but I didn’t want to. What I wanted was a team. Everyone wants a team. Even dogs group together in the wild. https://medium.com/cuepoint/the-sometimes-platinum-window-43a71a2c24e8 This is the latest from “The Solo Show,” my ongoing collection of essays, playlists and stories. Check out the growing library and follow along here: https://medium.com/@mikeerrico The Sometimes Platinum...
Struggling to pick a nursery school for your child? Educational Psychologist Marinda Botha suggests looking at the school’s educational philosophy and how it might fit with your child’s personality. Here are the Montessori, Waldord, Reggio Emilia and Traditional approaches in a nutshell.
The Montessori, Waldorf, Reggio Emilia and Traditional approaches are the most common learning approaches in South Africa. Schools might also use a combination of two or more approaches. There is also the Home Schooling option that you might want to read more about.
Play materials are carefully chosen to facilitate the development of the required skills. Children have a free choice between the activities.
Assignments and work are documented in a visual way, through photos for example. This way the children can also track their progress.
The National Curriculum and Assessment Policy Statement (CAPS) is a combination of Traditional, Common Core and OBE principles, which public schools follow. Some pre-primary schools follow the same curriculum as the public schools they feed into.
Public primary and high schools moved from the National Curriculum Statement (NCS) to the Curriculum and Assessment Policy Statement (CAPS). Here is a comparison of the two approaches.
While children may sometimes need help doing their homework, it’s important that you allow them to do it themselves. Working independently on homework and studies not only helps them develop academic skills but also improves their self-esteem. Educational Psychologist Marinda Botha gives parenting tips on when to step in and when to stand back.
As a parent, it’s natural to want to shield your children from discomfort or inconvenience. Your first instinct may be to give them everything, fight their battles and do their homework. But this can do more harm than good. Doing their homework can result in children who under perform, do not feel confident, feel we are critical of them, have poor self-esteem, lack problem solving skills and suffer from high anxiety levels.
DO show how that you think homework is important by making sure there is time set out in the day for homework.
DO make sure the study environment is favourable for your child. Some children study better while moving and can sit on an exercise ball, some need a quiet space, and some need to sit close to the rest of the family.
DO know about assignments, their due dates, what your child will need in order to complete them and show interest by discussing topics with your child.
DO give regular breaks. Each child will have a different need with regards to this, but a good average is to take a 10 minute break after every 40 minute work cycle.
DO make an appointment with the teacher should you not understand feedback or if you are worried about your child’s progress.
DO involve your child in the action plan in order to get them to take responsibility for their progress.
DO cut back on television or gaming time if this interferes with your child getting through their work.
DO assess your child’s planning and time management in order to identify reasons for them not meeting deadlines.
Make sure your child knows how to deal with stress. Physical activity is the best natural way of stress release.
DON’T overload your child with extra-mural activities or social obligations, which makes it difficult for them to prioritise homework.
DON’T expect your child to approach a piece of work in the same way that you would. Their personality and learning style will determine which approach works best for them.
DON’T nag them to do homework. They can get into the habit of not doing anything until they have been nagged, dragged or yelled at. They need to take responsibility for this and they need to face the consequences if they don’t. If this results in them going to school with incomplete homework, so be it.
DON’T pass the blame for homework not completed to the teacher or criticise the assignment. This will take the responsibility away from your child and teach them to blame others for what they didn’t do.
When children find success through their own efforts, it gives them a sense of accomplishment and helps them learn. For some, homework time is a breeze. For others, a constant battle
Jamie Vizsy will have plenty of reason to celebrate when she completes her Personal Support Worker (PSW) program this month.
The 25-year-old Brantford woman developed a ‘can do’ attitude to go back to school to upgrade as she sought to make a better life for herself and her young daughter, 4-year-old Cherish-Lyn.
“I feel great and more motivated than I’ve ever felt in my life,” she says. “I can’t wait to start a new, positive beginning in my life, and I feel very eager to get out and help people in a way I couldn’t do before without my education.”
Jamie has been selected as a 2018 Education Champion by the Education WORKS Alliance, after being nominated by Bridges to Success.
Bridges to Success is a Grand Erie District School Board program that helps adults improve reading, writing, math and employment-related skills. It is affiliated with the board’s Grand Erie Learning Alternatives (GELA) school.
Jamie finished high school years ago, but looking back she wasn’t proud of her marks or her attitude towards the classroom. Having her daughter changed her in many ways, including in her attitude to education.
Jamie participated in the Bridges to Success family literacy program with her daughter, strengthening both literacy and healthy lifestyle skills. She was able to enhance her skills to the point needed to apply to be a student in GELA’s PSW program.
“I’m back in school to pursue a career that I’ll love and will make a better future for myself and my child,” she says.
That positive attitude has been needed to cope with the challenges going back to school as an adult, while raising a child, brings with it.
“My child has given me inspiration and more drive towards realizing how important it is on the worst days to keep trying as hard as I do on a good day.”
The single parent has had to learn how to better manage her priorities to ensure she has enough time for her school work, a part-time job at a local café and with her daughter.
Jamie was finishing her PSW certificate program in February, with her official graduation slated for June. She hopes to land a job as a personal support worker helping others and then, after gaining valuable experience, see what’s next for her in the health-care field.
“It’s never too late to go back to school,” Jamie says. “Sometimes it can get stressful and be really tough, but believe in yourself and don’t look back. Just keep on making yourself move forward.”
The plan will impact the company’s theme parks. This week in food and travel: A first look at the new Toy Story Land at Disney World June 29, 2018 This week in food and travel: Expert tips for solo.
Christmas at Donald’s Breakfastosaurus. Planning a Walt Disney World® vacation should be both simple and more importantly – FUN! The Walt Disney World® Resort in Orlando, Florida is a huge place and it is very easy to be completely overwhelmed!
When most people plan a trip to Disney, they assume that they will spend a small fortune. More on Discounted Travel: Real.
Brunei Hotel Rates In 1991, China and Brunei forged diplomatic ties, and the largest developing country in the world and one of the smallest countries rich in oil and natural gas have since then working together to boos. Conveniently situated in the heart of New Orleans’ Central Business District, NOPSI Hotel is just a short walk away from the historic French Quarter. Touching
Disney Cruise Line Planning Tips & Tricks. LAST UPDATE: 4/30/18 On this page we have collected some useful advice, tips and tricks that can help you save time and money when you are planning a Disney Cruise Line vacation.
So the other day I woke up, feeling super depressed about my impending birthday. My husband asked, “If you could do anything for your birthday, what would it be?” And from that moment on, there was no.
Experts in Disney Travel. Welcome to Mouseketrips! Recognized worldwide as the best way to book your family’s Disney vacation. Disney planning simplified. Why choose Mouseketrips?
DVC Point Chart for Old Key West Disney Vacation Club Points including points for different DVC room types
Our Walt Disney World overview and planning guides can help you plan the perfect Orlando Vacation to make the most memories in this magical place.
Preparing for a big family vacation is always stressful – but planning a family cruise has its own unique. You can rent wa.
Disney World can be a bit daunting to take on, even for locals. It is larger than Manhattan after all. So we’ve put together just a few tips of how to make the most of your trip to the most magical pl.
The stress-free key is to properly prepare and plan before you travel. Check out these seven know-before-you-go tips for crui.
When planning a Disney vacation it can be tough to put together the perfect. The 11 panelists were selected from thousands of applicants to provide honest and relatable vacation tips. Collectively,
Hotel Metropol Above: The Metropol Hotel (circa 1910) Amor Towles answers questions about his new novel. A GENTLEMAN IN MOSCOW tells the story of a Russian aristocrat living under house arrest in a luxury hotel for more than thirty years. Tickets are selling fast for the Institute of Groundsmanship (IOG) Industry Awards, so book now to secure your place at this. His
If you’re on an adults-only trip to Disney World, drinking around the. into the best drinks in each country, here are a fe.
Check out the category that best matches the amount of time you plan to spend at the resort, and pick the offer that works be.
Walt Disney World is well known for it’s family-friendly attractions. It isn’t, however, known for being terribly affordable. Here are a few tips. World vacation is deciding upon the right time to.
here are tips you can use to make your trip more affordable. [See: 12 Frugal Ways to Save on Vacation.] 1. Visit in the off-season. When you’re planning your trip, try to visit in the off-season. For.
To this end, travelandleisure.com has consulted with experts and culled the best tips to help ensure a memorable trip to Disney World. Having a plan of attack is essential; without one, you risk wasti.
Disneyland tips — How to beat the lines, get discounts and coupons, choose the right hotels, and more.
Considering a Disney vacation? Click the banner below, fill out a very short form and you’ll receive a free planning DVD in the mail and be privy to special offers. Registering with Disney could also.
Smoking On Royal Caribbean Cruises Royal Caribbean at Vacations To Go. Your source for royal caribbean cruises, royal caribbean cruise, royal caribbean cruise line and royal caribbean international. Just when we think cruise ships can’t get any bigger, Royal Caribbean debuts Harmony of the Seas.The ship, which can hold up to 6,780 guests, is the cruise line’s largest vessel to date and is making sailings
One thing the families had in common: They visited during a time when they could get the Disney Dining Plan for free. and demand thing," LaCour said of the increasing expense of a Disney vacation.
Want to avoid the long Walt Disney World lines in the sweltering heat of a Florida Summer? We can help with that. Some of the park’s biggest fans came together on two Quora threads to offer tips and tricks for making your trip to Disney World even more magical — and more economical, too. These.
An organized Disney Vacation Planning Spreadsheet will be your lifeline while you are actually in Disney World.Spend the time now to get.
Ethan Allen Hotel Danbury Ct Bed Bug Report Iace Travel Vancouver Here you can find the list of Best Travel Agencies in Toronto along with profile, address and website details. Travel Agency Toronto Airport Limousine Bus is the leading operator of the airport transportation in Tokyo. Our Sales Agents can be viewed here. Tas Travelling Not-For-Profit Little Travel Agency with a BIG Heart, Fully accredited international and domestic
A trip to Walt Disney world is a dream vacation for most families. But planning your trip can be exhausting and overwhelming. We’ve got some great tips for navigating your way, planning your trip, and.
Walt Disney World Planning Guides and Tips – Preparation is the key for maximizing your time at Disney World and this page includes all of the Disney planning guides and tips you need for your Walt Disney World vacation.
Plan a Disney family vacation with helpful travel planning information and experience the magic of Disney Theme Parks, cruises and exciting destinations.
Camping Hyams Beach Sep 21, 2015 · Jervis Bay, New South Wales, Australia. It is a well known holiday destination with camping and High. Hyams Beach, New South Wales, Australia. Playa del Amor is filled with hidden water tunnels to explore for hours,’ – The Product Poet. ‘Hyams Beach had the whitest sand I’ve ever seen against a beautiful backdrop. I almost couldn’t believe
"Good Morning America" asked Neukom to share her strategies for planning a last-minute trip to a place that most people book many months in advance. She shares those tips below. The Walt Disney Compan.
Learn how to plan the perfect Walt Disney World vacation for your preschool kids & little ones, including unforgettable visits to our theme and water parks!
Planning a Walt Disney World trip? For comprehensive advice, the best place to start is our Walt Disney World Trip Planning Guide for everything you need to know. If you’re considering joining DVC, first be sure to read our Ultimate Guide to Disney Vacation.
With a lot of pre-planning, a trip to Disney World is memory-making money well spent, at least I think so. Below are a few of my best (and updated) budget-conscious Disney trip tips, most helpful if y.
This week we hacked a theme park instead of a city, with a frankly intimidating 275 comments full of tips on visiting Disney World. Advertisement Advertisement “The Dining Plan is cheaper than buyi.
You must login as an administrator of Gfoss -- Geographic Free and Open Source Software - Italian mailing list.
Click the following link to download an electronic contact CSV file, containing the contact details for Councillor Stuart Martin.
CSV files can be read by most database applications, and can be an easy way to save contact details in spreadsheet format to display them in text documents.
If you select the option to Open the file and you have Microsoft Excel installed, the data will be displayed in an Excel spreadsheet. Refer to your program's online help for assistance.
No one in Brantford does more cremations than the Dennis Toll Funeral Home. Learn why we are the cremation specialists.
Referrals and customer satisfaction are our measure of success. We survey every family searching for ways to improve our service.
Dying is one of the few events in life that's certain to occur, yet one we rarely plan for. Explore the options and take the time to pre- arrange your funeral.
It can be difficult to find the right words, so we have hand-picked a collection of sympathy and remembrance gifts that will be cherished.
Whenever we’re faced with difficulties, we find comfort in those we know and trust. People we can count on to do their very best to help us. This is especially true when a loved one has died. If, at this very moment, this is your experience, please know the members of our professional staff are your friends and your neighbors. Each of them cares deeply about the people living in our community, and will become your ally during this time…and long after.
Detailing the reasons why cremation is the preference of a growing number of families, this page also covers additional questions to ask once the cremation decision has been made.
We've been a caring member of this community for years, and have helped many families through some of their darkest days. We invite you to read our history of outstanding service.
The design of the Dennis Toll Funeral Home has been heralded by many as the best funeral home design the profession has ever seen. Funeral directors Dennis Toll and Peter Francis made the decision in 1995 to design and build the finest facility for funeral service to serve the public of Brantford and Brant County.
Each of the staff members at Dennis Toll Funeral Home Limited is committed to providing your family with the finest in personal care.
Since the opening our Charing Cross Reception Suites in 2006 we have served thousands and thousands of cups of coffee to families and their friends.
Take some time to read these heartfelt "thank you" messages written by the families we've served. You'll quickly discover why more families trust us than any other area funeral home.
We invite you to contact us for assistance in answering a question, or caring for a loved one. Whether it's by phone or email, or in person, we're here for you, 24/7.
We want to hear from you! Send us your comments on our website, or report any problems you experienced finding information here. We read all feedback carefully, and will respond promptly.
Opalescence PF Refill 35% Refill [1854942] : Dental Domain Store, buy Dental Equipment, Products, Consumables and Supplies in the Philippines
Quickly eliminate sensitivity from toothbrush abrasion, thermal and chemical changes, tooth whitening and root exposure.
Your data are stored securely and transactions are protected by layers of security including TLS with 256-Bit encryption certified by COMODO CA Limited.
Dental Domain Corp. is a nationwide distributor and service company for all your dental practice and dental laboratory needs in the Philippines. We offer high quality dental equipment, best branded dental chairs, innovative dental hygene products and affordable dental comsumables for Dentists, as well as practice development and consulting up to IT Solutions. Partnerships with world leading manufacturers like W&H Dentalwerk (dental equipment, scaler, clinical handpieces, autoclave, surgical handpieces, prophylaxis and periodontology equipment), Ultradent Products (endodontics, whitening, composits, bonding/etching), GC Dental Products, Kohler Medizintechnik Germany (high quality dental tools), BELMONT Dental Chairs, Zimmer Dental Implants, MELAG (sterilizer/autoclave) and many more.
We supply high quality products for dental clinics and laboratories in the Philippines. We offer the best prices and the best available service! Contact us today to experience the Dental Domain difference!
©2018 Dental Domain Corp. All Rights Reserved. Dental Domain, Dental Domain Store and the Dental Domain logo are trademarks or registered trademarks in the Republic of the Philippines and other countries. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners. All content on this site, including text, graphics, logos, icons, and images, is the property of Dental Domain Corporation or its content suppliers and is protected by Philippine and international copyright laws.
When you sign up choose a race pace that everyone is comfortable with. Have your group register using this same race pace. If you have already registered and you get placed in different corrals you are welcome to move back in corrals to join your running buddy, but please don’t move up.
The leading law practice in the Yarra Ranges area providing excellent service to help our clients achieve the best outcomes.
To provide specialist legal services to clients in the Outer Eastern area, Yarra Ranges and beyond in a professional, approachable and friendly environment. We will do this through:
Professionalism and accountability – you will receive a service that is professional, dedicated and personalised and a commitment that we will do what we say we will do, when we say we will do it
Integrity and sincerity – we care about you and will develop an honest and open relationship with you
All Rights Reserved Yarra Ranges Lawyers Site Designed by Looksee Design Managed by Hatrick Communications
These maps provide current surface water extent based on NASA MODIS data, and the observed recent history of changes (2000 to present). Surface water expansions and contractions are both recorded. Mapped water expansions may be short-term, from inland flooding or coastal storm surges. Or long-term, from post-2000 construction of new reservoirs or increases in rice agriculture or aquaculture. Reductions in surface water may be from temporary drought conditions, or persist over longer periods (for example, some progressively shrinking wetlands). Please see the Guide for examples.
Twice-daily imaging (Terra-MODIS and Aqua-MODIS, at 250 m spatial resolution) of surface water is accumulated over 14 days to remove nearly all cloud obscuration. The map date refers to a two week period ending on that date. Flooding is bright blue, areas of past flooding are light blue gray. The record of past flooding allows the relative size of any ongoing flooding be assessed. Clickable black dots, where illustrated, access DFO's River Watch 2 data at individual river or reservoir measurement sites. These data are updated daily.
A daily-updated 14-day accumulation .shp (and associated files) is named "current" and is provided in the MODISlance_2wkpro directory.
Click here for access to the archived long term GIS file record for this map sheet. In 2013, all DFO GIS files are being transferred to this directory. Choose appropriate dates to retrieve surface water changes during floods or droughts.
See also NRT Global MODIS Flood Mapping from NASA, and technical information about the Record, including hints for importing the maps into GIS. With citation of the source (see above), this display and associated data can be further distributed and used under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. Please use our names in such citation: this display and associated data are authored by Brakenridge, G.R., Kettner, A.J., Slayback, D. and Policelli, F.
Large areas of purple are dry land (formerly water in February, 2000, when the reference SWBD water database was obtained). At higher latitudes, such areas may be ice-covered water.
Bright blue is flooding: expanded water areas mapped by MODIS compared to SWBD. Any post-2000 reservoir or new water body is also depicted in bright blue.
Light blue-gray is all previous flooding imaged and mapped by the Flood Observatory (now dry land). Note: in mountainous areas, local shadows are commonly mis-classified as water. See also the Record Guide.
Despite the wealth of home flooring options available for every room in your house there is one material that stands head and shoulders above the others in terms of popularity and that material is wood. Renewable, stylish and hard wearing wood continues to be the aspirational floor of choice for the majority of homeowners.
In this Home Flooring Pros guide we look at why wood continues to be so popular and examine the latest trends in hardwood flooring (2013/2014) to help you find the perfect match for you and your family. Click here to go straight to our Solid Hardwood Flooring Guides. To get a quote from local hardwood flooring installers and contractors in your area click here .
Exotic Hardwoods – Homeowners looking to install something distinctive and unique need look no further than exotic hardwoods. The unusual grain patterns within these woods matched with exciting color tones make these imported woods an upmarket favorite. While great strides have been made in ensuring that imported exotic hardwood comes from ethical renewable sources please be aware that many exotics do not. Look for products bearing the logos of the FSC (Forest Stewardship Council) or SFI (Sustainable Forestry Initiative) for peace of mind. Alternatively consider a domestic hardwood product that has been manufactured to mimic the look of an exotic.
Vintage Style – By far the clearest trend in hardwood flooring today is a move towards an authentic “old-world” look. The previous trend for highly polished, flawless floors is over in favor of any, and all, vintage styles that reflect or imitate the traditional techniques and styles of the past.
Reclaimed Wood – Even more distinctive, and unquestionably more Eco-friendly. reclaimed wood is also very much in vogue right now. Solid hardwood sourced from old beams, old antique flooring or logs salvaged from rivers and lakes make for a real one of a kind floor. Reclaimed lumber screams character.
Distressed Wood Flooring – The trend for reclaimed wood has been strong since the 1990’s and high production costs mixed with a growing scarcity of supply makes it an expensive option. If you are looking for a similar vintage effect at a lower price then the new trend towards distressed wood planks will work for you.
Hand Scraped Wood Flooring – The middle ground between authentic reclaimed timber and machine distressed wood flooring can be found in the popular trend of hand scraped wood floors. Again the result is a floor that looks old and worn, imitating the uneven marks and scrapes that were characteristic of traditional handcrafted wood planks. It should be noted that you can buy actual hand scraped wood from companies like Homerwood or machine produced flooring with a hand scraped effect.
Wide Width Planks – The final piece in the vintage style jigsaw is the trend towards wider plank width in hardwood floors. Wider planks are defined as anything over the standard 5 inches. When choosing solid hardwood be aware that the wider the plank the more susceptible it is to changes in temperature and humidity, if this could be an issue for you then consider engineered hardwood .
Engineered and Prefinished Flooring – Yes, solid hardwood flooring can be re-sanded more often than engineered hardwood and yes, there are some small differences aesthetically but the pros of engineered prefinished flooring are starting to sway opinion. Ease and speed of installation. greater dimensional stability and tougher factory finishes are just some of the reasons homeowners are turning to prefinished and engineered products. A word of warning, as with all flooring, you get what you pay for. Don’t choose an engineered wood product just because it’s cheap, the chances are it will be of inferior quality with a short lifespan. If budget is your problem take a look at the laminate flooring options .
Parquet Wood Flooring In the quest for an original and individual wood floor look, designers and in turn manufacturers are revisiting the sophistication of parquet wood floor patterns. Contemporary takes on traditional patterns are becoming increasingly popular and artistic parquet in the form of detailed and creative inlays, medallions and borders are seeing a resurgence. For the truly aspirational, a new breed of designers are having fun with some really beautiful modern patterns. Take a look at our parquet flooring trends blog post here .
Colors and Tones – Hardwood color trends are harder to pin down for the simple reason that you now have so many options; it’s no longer necessary to confine yourself to just dark brown or light brown. Installing unfinished floors allow you to pick a stain of any color to suit your décor. And you’re not short of choice with prefinished floors either. Shades of yellow, orange red and black are all popular. Pale woods in whites and greys make for a really light and elegant look and get our vote for 2013. Finally the grade of your wood impacts the overall look of your floor and lower grade wood is increasingly popular because it gives a more natural or vintage appearance. Click here for more on understanding wood floor grades.
Bamboo and Cork Flooring – The importance we now place on renewable, green and environmentally friendly products has meant a sea change in the way we look at our flooring too. While many domestic hardwoods are now produced through sustainable farming you still cant get greener than bamboo and cork. And for a time bamboo and cork flooring products were playing catch up in terms of style and durability, but your choices today are varied, beautiful and hard wearing and this reflects the growing popularity of this flooring in 2013. You just need to be aware that, unlike hardwood floors, you cant refinish bamboo and cork.
Trends in flooring dont change over night in the same way clothing fashion trends do. The process is far more gradual with some trends staying around for decades. While the above information is still applicable as we enter 2014, interior design is such a hot topic that its always worth keeping an eye on whats hin and whats out.
Wider and wider The popularity of wider and longer wood planks continues with 5 inch wide planks now beginning to look like the preferred minimum width and 7 inch planks and over, with lengths up to 6 feet, starting to become sought after.
Not Too Stressed Handscrapped planks are still in vogue, but manufacturers are seeing a move to towards a more delicate and restrained effect as opposed to the heavily distressed look.
Site Finished Floors — Pre-finished floors may be cheaper and easier to install but the industry is seeing a move towards site finished hardwood floors. There are two reasons for this, firstly site finished floors have cleaner, smooth edges that lookwell, more authentic than the micro beveled edges of pre-finished floors. Secondly site-finished floors give homeowners the opportunity to stain their wood any color they wish.
New Color Tones You can read our latest article on hardwood color trends for 2014 to get a fuller picture on the direction of interior design ideas this year. In a nutshell
Black/Dark Floors Those who want the sophistication of wood while still looking for a strong, modern look are moving towards very dark brown or black flooring.
Grey Theres no sign yet that the popularity of grey is on the wain, expect it to feature strongly again this year.
Brown or Natural Blond Where homeowners are looking to make color and design statements elsewhere in their rooms (say furnishings or walls) the move is towards more traditional wood floors and that means brown or or very light natural blonde colored wood flooring.
Lynn Hoffman Design Lynn is a designer with a focus on sustainable and green interior design products, ideas and trends.
Frontier Flooring Services Its not just hardwood floors that are trending, this article has some more great ideas.
The drama takes its roots in antic. The founders of drama are Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides. In antic Greece, this genre was called “tragedy”. All the genre is based on the emotions. Often the main heroes are ordinary people. The main goal of drama genre is to blast the psychological state of a person, the behavior of the hero in different situations. Of course, the emotions of the heroes cause the reaction of the reader. The tears turn upside down during the reading. This happens even not because of the terrible situations which the hero resides but because of a description of his thoughts and feelings. The author skillfully inflames the emotional background. The main topics of drama genre, as a rule, are love, human relationships, unsuccessful friendship, and treason. The ideal foundation for this is the relationships in a family. Such famous people like Diderot and Lessing loved drama genre very much. Drama devoted to the Historical Drama and Melodrama. In the Historical drama often depicted the life of well-known people and their life difficulties. Melodrama is a story with emotionally overloaded heroes, often with the tragic end. Drama is the specific mode of fiction represented in performance.
By florencemcc Friday, September 22, 2017 0 Friday Reads, read books, bread, Friday Reads, reading	Permalink 0
I've been obsessed with sourdough since I took my first artisan bread class at George Brown College last year. That's where I learned about starting and maintaining a sourdough starter, and I'm happy to report that I've kept mine alive and kicking since then. I'm on a bi-weekly bake schedule ...
By florencemcc Friday, September 15, 2017 0 Friday Reads, read books, dogs, Friday Reads, reading	Permalink 0
You may have already heard of Arthur, the stray dog that followed Mikael Lindnord and his team during a race a couple of years ago. Mikael ended up falling in love with Arthur during that race (don't blame him) and adopted the scruffy pup. Now Arthur is the most famous dog in Sweden, ...
By florencemcc Friday, September 8, 2017 0 Friday Reads, read books, children's books, Friday Reads, reading	Permalink 0
The fact that I don't have kids never stops me from visiting the children's section of the bookstore to browse the latest releases and flip through fancy new editions of the classics. As a fan of children's literature, I knew I'd have to read Bruce Handy's new book, Wild Things: The Joy of Reading ...
By florencemcc Friday, September 1, 2017 0 Friday Reads, read books, Friday Reads, reading	Permalink 0
The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo by Taylor Jenkins Reid is everything you'd want in a summer read. It's got glamour, gossip, heartache, humour. It's addictive enough to keep you turning the page, but not so addictive that you can't put it down when you really need a walk and some gelato. I've ...
By florencemcc Friday, August 25, 2017 0 Friday Reads, read coffee, Friday Reads, New Yorker, reading	Permalink 0
One of the many things I've been neglecting these past few weeks (thanks to my adorable yet incredibly time-consuming puppy) is my New Yorker subscription. I was doing really great before the pup arrived. I think I was only a couple issues behind, which is pretty good in New Yorker terms. Now? Let's ...
By florencemcc Friday, August 18, 2017 0 Friday Reads, read books, Friday Reads, reading	Permalink 0
Since I brought my puppy home a couple of weeks ago, I haven't been able to get much reading done. By the time he's sleeping at night and I can finally curl up in bed with a book, I'm so exhausted from the day that I can barely read five pages. So I'm ...
By florencemcc Friday, August 4, 2017 0 Friday Reads, read animals, books, Friday Reads, nature, reading	Permalink 0
I have a pretty vivid memory of the first time I saw a killer whale. I was a kid, maybe six or seven years old. The whale was in a tank, swimming around in bright blue water and jumping out on command to soak the audience and delight everyone with his tricks. It ...
By florencemcc Friday, July 28, 2017 0 Friday Reads, read books, coffee, Friday Reads, reading, veganism	Permalink 0
"Despite the inevitability of death for every living being, for vegans there can be a sense of guilt and shame around dying - and maybe some anger over a sense of unfairness. You've lived a life of compassion and advocacy for animals. You've treated your body well, especially compared to how the average ...
By florencemcc Friday, July 21, 2017 0 Friday Reads, read audiobooks, books, Friday Reads, memoir, music	Permalink 0
I've had a crush on Bruce Springsteen since I first saw the "Dancin' in the Dark" video. I would never pretend to be his biggest fan (I've never attended one of his legendary live shows), but I've always loved his music, and it's hard not to be in awe of his career. My ...
By florencemcc Friday, July 14, 2017 0 Friday Reads, read books, Friday Reads, reading, Stephen King	Permalink 0
One day last week I found myself with an unexpected block of free time on a beautiful day. But, to my horror, I had left my book at home on my nightstand. So there I was on a sunny afternoon with nowhere in particular to be but with no book to keep me ...
Facing criminal charges is a scary experience. Many people feel completely out of their element and don’t know how to proceed. The good news is that you don’t have to fight your case on your own. Professional, knowledgeable defense lawyers in Longboat Key are ready to help. The sooner you hire a lawyer, the more likely you are to get a favorable outcome and protection of your rights. Don’t put off the decision. Get the assistance that you need as soon as possible.
Laws vary in different cities and counties all across Florida. Even when you don’t end up serving jail time, your charges can still have severe penalties that attach negative information to your record. You’ll get peace of mind knowing that your defense attorney has extensive experience with the local Longboat Key laws and can use them to fight for your rights. Many of our criminal lawyers have gone through court proceedings at the same courthouses with the same judges and prosecutors time and time again.
Be prepared to go through your side of the story during your first meeting with a potential criminal attorney. Be honest and open as you share your story. The more information the lawyer has, the stronger the defense. You get peace of mind with the knowledge that your personal information will be kept confidential throughout the proceedings. Our lawyers never share information about a case with anyone who is not directly involved in it.
Once the lawyer has the pertinent information about your case, he will share his knowledge of the local laws and how they are applicable to your particular charges. The two of you will then work together to come up with a plan of action.
The outcome of your criminal charges can have an effect on your future schooling opportunities, potential job positions, and community standing. The last thing that you want to do is jeopardize your future or the future of your close family members. Let us put you in touch with one of our qualified Longboat Key defense lawyers right away.
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to the WINNING NUMBER, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "T COIN" symbol, win DOUBLE the PRIZE shown for that symbol! Get a "H COIN" symbol, win all 5 PRIZES shown!
Florida Lottery Scratch-Off games are fun to play, and best of all, they give you a chance to win lots of cash instantly! Scratch-Off games offer top prizes ranging from $50 to more than $1 million, with many other prize levels on each ticket, too. With our wide variety of games to choose from, you could play a different game every day.
Scratch-Off games are easy to play. Just scratch the latex covering on your ticket with a coin to see if you have won. Game instructions are printed on the face of your ticket. Each of the Scratch-Off games will vary in price, prize structure, play style, and play instructions.
Enter your non-winning HOLIDAY BONUS Scratch-Off tickets in the $10,000 Holiday Bonus Second Chance Promotion. A total of 135 winners will win $300,000 in second chance cash prizes! Three drawings will be held between November 21, 2018 and January 2, 2019, where three players in each drawing will win $10,000 in cash, seven players will win $5,000 in cash and thirty-five players will win $1,000 in cash prizes. Receive up to 10 entries per ticket for a chance to win cash prizes of up to $10,000 by entering your non-winning HOLIDAY BONUS tickets into the $10,000 Holiday Bonus Second Chance Promotion. Number of entries differs by game.
Get three like numbers in the same row, column, or diagonal line and win PRIZE shown. Get three "7" symbols in the same row, column, or diagonal line and win TRIPLE the PRIZE shown!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to the WINNING NUMBER, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "3X" symbol, win TRIPLE the PRIZE shown for that symbol!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to the WINNING NUMBER, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "5X" symbol, win 5 TIMES the PRIZE shown for that symbol!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to the WINNING NUMBER, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "TREE" symbol, win 3 TIMES the PRIZE shown for that symbol!
Get three like numbers in the same row, column or diagonal line and win PRIZE shown. Get three "2" symbols in the same row, column or diagonal line and win TRIPLE the PRIZE shownl!
Get 3 like symbols in a GAME, win PRIZE shown for that GAME. Get a "DOUBLE CHERRY" symbol in a GAME, win DOUBLE the PRIZE shown for that GAME!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to the WINNING NUMBER, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "2X" symbol, win DOUBLE the PRIZE shown for that symbol!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to either of the WINNING NUMBERS, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "JOKER" symbol and win PRIZE shown for that symbol automatically! Get a "WILD" symbol and win DOUBLE the PRIZE shown for that symbol automatically!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to either of the WINNING NUMBERS, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "DIAMOND" symbol, win PRIZE shown for that symbol automatically! Get a "STACK OF BILLS" symbol, win DOUBLE the PRIZE shown for that symbol!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to either MONEYBAG NUMBER, win PRIZE shown for that number. If you win, multiply your PRIZE by the MULTIPLIER number for that game!
3. If you have completely matched two (2) or more words in the CROSSWORD PUZZLE, you win the corresponding prize in the PRIZE LEGEND for the total number of words matched. A "MONEYBAG" symbol functions as a substitute for one letter in a word of which it is a part.
B. A "word" cannot be formed by linking letters diagonally or by reading the letters from the bottom to top or right to left.
An unbroken string of letters: (a) cannot be interrupted by a blank space and (b) must contain every single letter square between two (2) blank spaces or the edge and a blank space.
D. Every single letter in the unbroken string must: (a) be revealed in YOUR LETTERS and (b) be included to form a "word".
E. The possible complete words for this ticket are shown on the CROSSWORD PUZZLE. Each possible complete word consists of three (3) or more letters and occupies an entire word space. You must match all of the letters in a possible complete word in order to complete the word.
If the letters revealed form two (2) or more complete words in the CROSSWORD PUZZLE, each of which occupies a complete word space, you win the prize shown in the PRIZE LEGEND for forming that number of words. Only highest prize won paid per ticket.
3. If you have completely matched two (2) or more words on the SCRABBLE BOARD, you win the corresponding prize in the PRIZE LEGEND for the total number of words matched.
C. Letters combined to form a "word" must appear in an unbroken horizontal or vertical string of letters on the SCRABBLE BOARD. An unbroken string of letters: (a) cannot be interrupted by a blank space and (b) must contain every single letter square between two (2) blank spaces or the edge and a blank space.
D. Every single letter in the unbroken string must: (a) be revealed in YOUR SCRABBLE LETTERS and (b) be included to form a "word".
E. The possible complete words for this ticket are shown on the SCRABBLE BOARD. Each possible complete word consists of three (3) or more letters and occupies an entire word space. You must match all of the letters in a possible complete word in order to complete the word.
If the letters revealed form two (2) or more complete words on the SCRABBLE BOARD, each of which occupies a complete word space, you win the prize shown in the PRIZE LEGEND for forming that number of words.
If you win on the SCRABBLE BOARD and any one of the completed words has a BLUE square in the word, win DOUBLE the prize indicated in the PRIZE LEGEND. If you win on the SCRABBLE BOARD and any one of the completed words has a RED square in the word, win TRIPLE the prize indicated in the PRIZE LEGEND.
Scratch the CALLER'S CARD. Scratch all numbers on CARDS 1 through 6 that match the numbers on the CALLER'S CARD. The numbers on CARDS 1 through 6 will appear in white when rubbed. If, on any one of CARDS 1 through 6, you match all numbers in one of the following patterns:
A FREE space will appear in the center of each player's card and can substitute as a number in a pattern of which it is a part.
A "BANKROLL" symbol is a FREE spot and can substitute as a number. If it completes a winning line pattern, win TRIPLE the line prize for that card.
A "$" symbol is a FREE spot and can substitute as a number. If it completes a winning line pattern, win TRIPLE the line prize for that card.
3. If you have completely matched two (2) or more words in the CROSSWORD PUZZLE, you win the corresponding prize in the PRIZE LEGEND for the total number of words matched.
An unbroken string of letters: (a) cannot be interrupted by a blank space and (b) must contain every single letter square between two blank spaces or the edge and a blank space.
F. The possible complete words for this ticket are shown on the CROSSWORD PUZZLE. Each possible complete word consists of three (3) or more letters and occupies an entire word space. You must match all of the letters in a possible complete word in order to complete the word.
If the letters revealed form two (2) or more complete words in the CROSSWORD PUZZLE, each of which occupies a complete word space, you win the prize shown in the PRIZE LEGEND for forming that number of words.
If YOUR LETTERS completely match the letters in the BONUS WORD win PRIZE in the PRIZE BOX! BONUS WORD is played independently and cannot be used in other GAME.
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to any of the WINNING NUMBERS, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "STACK OF COINS" symbol, win PRIZE shown for that symbol automatically! Get a "5X" symbol, win 5 TIMES the PRIZE shown for that symbol! Get an "EXTRA" symbol, win $100 automatically!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to any of the WINNING NUMBERS, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "STACK OF COINS" symbol, win PRIZE shown for that symbol automatically! Get a "2X" symbol, win DOUBLE the PRIZE shown for that symbol! Get a "MONEYBAG" symbol, win all 12 PRIZES shown!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to any of the WINNING NUMBERS, win PRIZE shown for that number. Match three like prizes, win that PRIZE. Match the BONUS NUMBER to any WINNING NUMBER, win BONUS PRIZE shown!
2. Scratch the letters in GAME #1 and GAME #2 that match any of YOUR LETTERS. The letters in GAME #1 and GAME #2 will turn white when scratched.
3. If you have completely matched three (3) or more words in GAME # 1, you win the corresponding prize in the GAME #1 PRIZE LEGEND for the total number of words matched in GAME # 1. If you have completely matched three (3) or more words in GAME # 2, you win the corresponding prize in the GAME #2 PRIZE LEGEND for the total number of words matched in GAME # 2. Players can win in both games.
F. The possible complete words for this ticket are shown on each CROSSWORD PUZZLE. Each possible complete word consists of three (3) or more letters and occupies an entire word space. You must match all of the letters in a possible complete word in order to complete the word.
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to any of the WINNING NUMBERS, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "COIN" symbol, win PRIZE shown for that symbol automatically! Get a "STACK OF COINS" symbol, win DOUBLE the PRIZE shown for that symbol! Get a "MONEYBAG" symbol, win all 12 PRIZES shown!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to any of the WINNING NUMBERS, win PRIZE show for that number. Get a "COCONUT" symbol, win PRIZE shown for that symbol automatically!
2. Scratch the letters in GAME #1 , GAME #2 and GAME #3 that match any of YOUR LETTERS. The letters in GAME #1 , GAME #2 and GAME #3 will turn white when scratched.
3. If you have completely matched three (3) or more words in GAME # 1, you win the corresponding prize in the GAME #1 PRIZE LEGEND for the total number of words matched in GAME # 1. If you have completely matched three (3) or more words in GAME # 2, you win the corresponding prize in the GAME #2 PRIZE LEGEND for the total number of words matched in GAME # 2. If you have completely matched three (3) or more words in GAME # 3, you win the corresponding prize in the GAME #3 PRIZE LEGEND for the total number of words matched in GAME # 3. Players can win in all three games.
E. GAME 1, GAME 2 and GAME 3 are played independently. Words in one GAME cannot be used in the other GAME.
CASHWORD BONUS: If YOUR LETTERS completely match the letters in the CASHWORD BONUS, win PRIZE shown in the PRIZE BOX! CASHWORD BONUS is played independently and cannot be used in other GAMES.
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to any of the WINNING NUMBERS, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "STAR" symbol and win $100 automatically!
Match any of YOUR NUMBERS to any of the WINNING NUMBERS, win PRIZE shown for that number. Get a "COIN" symbol, win PRIZE shown for that symbol automatically! Get a "STACK OF COINS"symbol, win DOUBLE the PRIZE shown for that symbol! Get a "BILL" symbol, win $500 automatically! Get a "MONEYBAG" symbol, win all 25 PRIZES shown!
Expertly extracted from the certified organic and/or sustainably wildcrafted flowering top of Achillea millefolium plants.
Yarrow Herb: How to Identify and Harvest Yarrow Herb Easily Yarrow herb is a common wild medicinal herb. Like many of the common wild plants it also has so many uses. A better known one is...
Thursday night, the Clermont Performing Arts Center will host “Lonesome Traveler,” a touring theatrical concert of classics such as “Turn, Turn, Turn,” “This Land Is Your Land,” “This Little Light of Mine,” “We Shall Overcome,” “Michael, Row Your Boat Ashore” and many others.
“It’s a transformational concert,” says Yarrow, 79. “It’s the antithesis of the cloud that hangs over our...
Yarrow's tussle with successive governments had begun in 1967 with the Shipbuilding Industry Act, sponsored by the Labour minister of technology at the time, Tony Benn (obituary March 14, 2014). That spawned Upper Clyde Shipbuilders (UCS), which took
If you have ever willed something to happen so strongly that it actually happened, you are not alone and it is not as random as it seems. FIG+YARROW owner, Brandy Monique, attributes meditation and the Law of Attraction to her brand coming to life.
LA JOLLA, California — Peter Yarrow, the iconic 80-year old folk singer of Peter, Paul and Mary fame, sat on the Garfield Stage at the Lawrence Family JCC, singing and accompanying himself on an acoustic guitar, while his tall son, Christopher
. By Susan Lochrie @greenocktele Reporter. Pat Burke of Children in Poverty receives a cheque from Sir Eric Yarrow. by George Munro
Achillea millefolium, commonly known as yarrow / ˈ j æ r oʊ / or common yarrow, is a flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.It is native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere in Asia, Europe, and North America. It has been introduced as a feed for livestock in places like New Zealand and Australia, where it is a common herb of both wet and dry areas, such as roadsides, meadows ...
Yarrow is a native plant that’s practically care-free, making it perfect for borders, ground covers, and open meadows.
Yarrow is an herb that I always keep on hand, especially with kids. It is part of my Sweet Dreams Sleep Tincture and I often add it to teas or preparations for the kids. “It is a long-stemmed member of the sunflower family found in the wild throughout the temperate regions of the Northern ...
Yarrow is a small community located 90 kilometres east of Vancouver and 12 km southwest of downtown Chilliwack, in British Columbia, Canada.It is in the Fraser Valley at the foot of Vedder Mountain.The village was first settled by Mennonites in the late 1920s, following the draining of Sumas Lake and the reclamation of the former lake bed for agriculture.
Any of several plants of the genus Achillea of the composite family, especially A. millefolium, having finely dissected foliage and flat corymbs of usually white flower heads. Also called achillea, milfoil.
84. Proposed criteria for selecting the WIC food packages : a preliminary report of the Committee to Review the WIC food packages Food and Nutrition Board, Institute of Medicine of the National Academies
98. The problem of nutrition : experimental science, public health, and economy in Europe, 1914-1945
17. Water recreation and disease : plausibility of associated infections : acute effects, sequelae, and mortality
18. Sustaining the drive to overcome the global impact of neglected tropical diseases : second WHO report on neglected tropical diseases
19. Working to overcome the global impact of neglected tropical diseases : first WHO report on neglected tropical diseases
Recommended for you dirty violated films of the week: Forced cuckolding free galleries movies, dominate forced anal
RAP Engineering Solutionas (Pvt) Ltd was invented in 2010, as Mechanical Company which produced house hold apparatus and company machine modifications. With the fast development of customer base Dimuthu Engineering (PVT) Ltd has become the total solution provider for Product Innovation & development, Process Automation & Development and Research & Development. We keep the high quality and top secrecy in our product and services.
Find homes for sale and real estate in pink hill, nc at realtorcom® search and filter pink hill homes by price, beds, baths and property type. Pink hill is a town in lenoir county, north carolina, united statesthe population was estimated to be 552 in 2010 the town was incorporated in 1915.
Zillow has 19 homes for sale in pink hill nc view listing photos, review sales history, and use our detailed real estate filters to find the perfect place.
Pink hill township, nc homefacts overview of lenoir county includes data on offenders, schools, foreclosures, environmental hazards, and more. Search for house prices and home values at potters hill rd, pink hill, nc 28572.
Pink hill diesel repair llc is the top diesel repair shop serving jacksonville, nc and beyond we assist goldsboro and kinston, nc residents call today.
Get directions, maps, and traffic for pink hill, nc check flight prices and hotel availability for your visit. Homecoming dress 21362 by sherri hill is a sweet short dress which features a straight across strapless neckline the fitted bodice showcases a floral l have that stunning look by sherri hill this charming strapless cocktail dress features a straight neckline the fitted bodice with beads all over.
Today’s and tonight’s pink hill, nc (28572) weather forecast, weather conditions and doppler radar from the weather channel and weathercom.
We know 11 properties and 138 residents on 100500 pink hill rd, pink hill nc discover property public reports, residents, sales. Pink hill funeral home offers a variety of funeral services, from traditional funerals to competitively priced cremations, serving pink hill, nc and the surrounding communities. Find out who lives on e pink hill rd, grain valley, mo 64029 uncover property values, resident history, neighborhood safety score, and more 112 records found for e pink hill rd, grain valley, mo 64029.
We included 79 RCTs (112,059 participants) in this review update and found that 25 were at low summary risk of bias. Trials were of 12 to 72 months’ duration and included adults at varying cardiovascular risk, mainly in high‐income countries. Most studies assessed LCn3 supplementation with capsules, but some used LCn3‐ or ALA‐rich or enriched foods or dietary advice compared to placebo or usual diet.
Cochrane lead author, Dr. Lee Hooper from the University of East Anglia, UK said: “We can be confident in the findings of this review which go against the popular belief that long-chain omega 3 supplements protect the heart. This large systematic review included information from many thousands of people over long periods. Despite all this information, we don’t see protective effects.
Research conducted by Professor Peter Howe at the University of South Australia has shown that fish oil improves the efficacy of exercise in attempts to reduce weight. Volunteers who were given fish oil in their diet showed greater weight loss as compared to those who did not regularly consume it. Fish oil contains omega-3 fatty acids, which help to promote the weight loss, so a combination of physical workout and intake of this oil helps in reducing body fat significantly faster.
In a U.K. study, children of mothers who ate more than 12 ounces a week actually scored better on tests of verbal I.Q., social behavior, and development and communication than children of mothers who ate none. In the Seychelles Islands, where people average 12 fish meals -- not ounces -- a week, there are no reports of links between mercury exposure and poor outcomes in children. These studies suggest that eating less than 12 ounces of fish each week could do more harm to a child's developing neurological system than mercury poisoning.
DHA is vital for early brain development and maintenance, while EPA seems to be closely related to behavior and mood. Together, both molecules provide critical neuroprotective benefits.11 These neuroprotective effects are important for the prevention of age-related brain shrinkage (cortical atrophy). Aging adults with brain shrinkage often experience memory loss, cognitive decline, and an increase in depression.12-14
I've read everywhere that you need to uncomment the module you wish to load in "/etc/httpd/conf.modules.d/00-mpm.conf " But that location doesn't exist and i can't find anything other than the "http-mpm.conf to set the settings for the workers.
I wish to play with moving from prefork to either worker or event to make the most of my CPU threads.
I'm going post all the things I missed to tell you here bit by bit and adjust the date of the post to the "real" date afterwards.
FYOC - NASA has found an entire solar system with as many planets as our own. The discovery of two new planets around the Kepler-90 star, which looks like our own sun, means that distant solar system has just as many planets as our own.
NASA has found an entire solar system with as many planets as our own. The discovery of two new planets around the Kepler-90 star, which looks like our own sun, means that distant solar system has just as many planets as our own.
Based on these data and on the satellite images immediately acquired it is possible to create a set of maps in order to objectively identify the affected areas.
The first Romanian cosmonaut and Honorary President of the Romanian Space Agency (ROSA), Dumitru Dorin Prunariu was awarded the Doctor Honoris Causa of the University of Craiova. The event took place on 1 November 2018, in the „Mihai I al României” auditorium.
The ESA-JAXA BepiColombo mission to Mercury blasted off on an Ariane 5 from Europe’s Spaceport in Kourou at 01:45:28 GMT (04:45:28 local time in Romania), on 20 October on its exciting mission to study the mysteries of the Solar System’s innermost planet.
On 26 September, Ariane 5 had its milestone 100th launch, delivering the Horizons-3e and Azerspace-2/Intelsat-38 telecom satellites into their planned orbits.
Four more Galileo satellites were launched by an Ariane 5 on 25 July. Their arrival in orbit brings the Galileo constellation to 26 satellites, extending the global coverage of the constellation.
Nordic Travel, der offizielle Reiseveranstalter von Småland, ist für die Buchung über die Website verantwortlich. Mehr info:
Sell and export NK Ship Class steel coil-F36,A40,D40,E40,F40,A47,D47 ... NK D40 Shipbuilding Steel Coil. ... BV Ship Class, GL Ship Class, RINA Ship Class, KR ...
Shipbuilding steel plate also named as ship plate,marine steel plate,marine plate and shipbuilding plate which mainly used to building vessels and ships.Xinsteel's shipbuilding steel plate have been approved by nine international classification societies as ABS,LR,GL,DNV,KR,NK,CCS,RINA,BV.
KR EH40 steel plate can be offered by Katalor Industry,Katalor Industry is a professional KR EH40 steel plate suppliers and ... KR EH40 Shipbuilding Steel ...
ship steel plate Ship plate is the hot-rolled steel produced according to classification society construction specification for manufacturing hull structure.
EUREF Technical Note 1: Relationship and Transformation between the International and the European Terrestrial Reference Systems Last updated: June 28, 2018
CSTG guidelines for "The International Space Geodetic and Gravimetric Network (ISGN)" Last updated: January 11, 2001
[NOTE: This is not the only community in Michigan named Suttons Bay. For links to other places called Suttons Bay, MI, see the Duplicate Names box at right.]
Support for libraries: Local government funding for the local library system, in fiscal years 2001-2002, was below the national average. (See library links below.)
Sections below provide additional information and links about Suttons Bay demographics, travel and tourism, nearby airports, cemeteries, the Leelanau County economy, education, environment, genealogy, government, historic sites, libraries, maps, museums, newspapers and other media, nonprofit groups, real estate, recreation, religion, transportation, and weather in the 49682 ZIP code.
23% of Suttons Bay residents report German ancestry, and 10% report Irish. For more info on local ancestry groups, see the Suttons Bay ancestry & family history guide.
At the time of the 2000 census, the per capita income in Suttons Bay was $24,097, compared with $21,587 nationally.
Median rent in Suttons Bay, at the time of the 2000 Census, was $553. Monthly homeowner costs, for people with mortgages, were $1,089.
Leelanau County supported George W. Bush in the 2004 presidential election. For more information, see our Suttons Bay political report.
The average commute time for Suttons Bay workers is 16 minutes, compared with 26 minutes nationwide.
Prehistoric foragers and farmers in South-East Asia: renewed investigations at Niah Cave, Sarawak - University of Huddersfield Repository
The paper describes the initial results from renewed investigations at Niah Cave in Sarawak on the island of Borneo, famous for the discovery in 1958 of the c. 40,000-year old 'Deep Skull'. The archaeological sequences from the West Mouth and the other entrances of the cave complex investigated by Tom and Barbara Harrisson and other researchers have potential implications for three major debates regarding the prehistory of south-east Asia: the timing of initial settlement by anatomically modern humans; the means by which they subsisted in the late Pleistocene and early Holocene; and the timing, nature, and causation of the transition from foraging to farming. The new project is informing on all three debates. The critical importance of the Niah stratigraphies was commonly identified - including by Tom Harrisson himself - as because the site provided a continuous sequence of occupation over the past 40,000 years. The present project indicates that Niah was first used at least 45,000 years ago, and probably earlier; that the subsequent Pleistocene and Holocene occupations were highly variable in intensity and character; and that in some periods, perhaps of significant duration, the caves may have been more or less abandoned. The cultural sequence that is emerging from the new investigations may be more typical of cave use in tropical rainforests in south-east Asia than the Harrisson model
"There's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money either." -- Robert Graves This is sort of an online portfolio occasionally featuring a few samples of both my work and that of others. Please also consider looking at Ed Coletti's P3 (edcolettip3.blogspot.com) for philosopy, politics, and also some poetry.
Comment Here on any of the above or below and read the comments of others too. Log in under "Name" or "Anonymous" if you like, but please be sure to sign some facsimile of your name. Actual name is best, but use what you like. Or email me at edcoletti@sbcglobal.net if you have difficulty.
a few peasants, trees, sky, and water. Rarely does he sell a painting. Rarely does he have an exhibition
on earth - just to paint! - that he has taken to sleeping in his studio instead of going home to join
John Coletti is the author of Physical Kind (Yo-Yo-Labs, 2005), Same Enemy Rainbow (fewer & further, 2008), and now Mum Halo (Rust Buckle Books, 2010) which is available in pre-release at http://rustbucklebooks.blogspot.com/lebooks.blogspot.com/. He recently finished serving as editor of The Poetry Project Newsletter.
“Deep Throat Nihilism” was first published on kagablog and later in the anthology poem, home (An Anthology of Ars Poetica) Paper Kite Press ed by Jennifer Hill and Dan Waber
Poet, Painter and retired counselor/consultant. To find my paintings, simply Google "Ed Coletti's Photostream." For almost ten years, I also published Ed Coletti's P3 but tired of the political side of that. Social media now suffices. Poetry and Art are more central to my being. I'm writing every day and attempting to write great poems. Lately, I'm much taken with the adage, "The poem is important, the poet is not." I also am pleased to discover growing appreciation for my fiction. Most recent poetry collections include When Hearts Outlive Minds (2011), Germs, Viruses and Catechisms (2013), The Problem With Breathing (2015) Forthcoming in 2017: Apollo Blue's Harp and The Gods of Song.
After so many years on Blogger, the Edward Ringwald Blog has moved to a new blogging platform powered by WordPress. I enjoyed using Blogger for many years but right after I switched web hosting providers I tried out the WordPress blogging platform and I was very impressed with the look and feel of WordPress.
Therefore, all new posts from January 2018 onward will be on our new WordPress blogging platform as a part of the EdwardRingwald.com website. There will be no new posts made on Blogger from January 2018 onward. All of the current posts here on Blogger were transitioned over to the new WordPress blogging platform as a part of the transition and all posts here on Blogger are only being maintained as a legacy blog at EdwardRingwald.Blogspot.com.
To get to the Edward Ringwald Blog, it's the same as it was before like you always did: Simply go over to Blog.EdwardRingwald.com and enjoy!
If you have web pages or blogs that hyperlink to a blog entry here on the Edward Ringwald Blog, now's a great time to update your links as the link structure has changed when we transitioned over to WordPress. This is very crucial so that your visitors are not greeted with a 404 not found page.
Also with the transition to WordPress, after careful consideration we have discontinued anonymous commenting on our blog entries. Instead, a Facebook account is required for commenting on a blog entry; it provides for more better accountability when it comes to user comments. And if you don't have a Facebook account, it's easy to get one.
That said, see you on the Edward Ringwald Blog - now proudly powered on the WordPress blogging platform!
The Edward Ringwald websites has just recently moved into a new hosting home! I have been with our current web hosting provider for a few years; however, my current web hosting provider was recently acquired and the costs to keep the websites on my current web hosting provider keep going up. And up. And still up every year. An important point when you are watching your finances.
So, I had to go shopping for a new web hosting provider and I managed to find one. After evaluating a few web hosting providers I settled on InMotion Web Hosting after reading the positive reviews it received on cNet. I visited InMotion's web site and went through a demonstration of the web hosting products and services InMotion has to offer. I was very impressed with the features you get for the level of web hosting you want.
That said, I signed up with InMotion. Another great feature of InMotion is their website transfer service in which their support team will move your website from your current hosting provider to InMotion; I took advantage of this valuable service as soon as I signed up for hosting and they did an awesome job in moving the files that keep the Edward Ringwald Websites running!
Now all that remains for me is to go in and update the settings in the domain names that will transition from my current hosting provider to InMotion. As with the joys of the Internet, this involves DNS (which stands for Domain Name System) changes which take about 24 to 48 hours to propagate around the world as each DNS server is updated with the new information.
The DNS system delegates the responsibility of assigning domain names and mapping them to Internet resources, according to this article on Wikipedia. In layman's terms, when you type in edwardringwald.com (as an example) in your browser's address bar and press enter, your request is passed on to the DNS server of your Internet provider. The DNS server looks up the edwardringwald.com domain name and finds its unique IP (Internet Protocol) address assigned to it. Once that IP address is found your browser sends the request to the IP address assigned to edwardringwald.com and the web server sends you the edwardringwald.com home page. In short, DNS is like an electronic phone book of domains and their IP addresses.
When a change has to be made to the domain name's DNS information, the web site owner makes the changes with the provider who maintains the domain name. Once the changes are submitted due to so many DNS servers around the world the changes take about 24 to 48 hours to take place.
All that remains is for me to change the DNS information for the web site domains - edwardringwald.com, interstate275florida.com, drawbridgeahead.com and our web site portal, edwardringwaldwebsites.com - to point to our new web hosting home. In other words, when you type edwardringwald.com after the DNS is updated you will be taken to the same edwardringwald.com web site you know and see today, the only difference is that we are at a new web hosting home. That will take place in the next couple of days and during the time of DNS propagation you might get some 404 error pages as we make the transition to our new web hosting home.
With another successful Great American Teach-In behind us and the Thanksgiving holidays fast approaching, the Christmas holiday season is upon us! Just recently I gave my annual presentation on web design to students throughout the school day over at Thurgood Marshall Fundamental Middle School in St. Petersburg, which was very well received by both students and teachers!
Haven't you been by the website portal for the websites of the Edward Ringwald Websites Network lately? I recently did a major overhaul of the website portal and gave the page design and layout a more uniform look all across my websites. If you haven't checked it out lately, head on over to my websites portal at EdwardRingwaldWebsites.com - it provides convenient access to the three websites of the Edward Ringwald Websites Network, which are Interstate275Florida.com, DrawBridgeAhead.com and of course EdwardRingwald.com!
OK. Let's change gears a little bit and set the mood for the 2017 Christmas holiday season, which traditionally begins the Day After Thanksgiving. A lot of you out there will partake in Black Friday and the shopping crowds, but more than likely you may incorporate a themed train ride at one of Florida's two official state railroad museums, the Florida Railroad Museum in Parrish as well as the Gold Coast Railroad Museum in Miami as part of your Christmas holiday season activities.
First, the Florida Railroad Museum will be kicking off its North Pole Express event beginning Thursday, 30 November 2017 and on these dates in December 2017: 1 to 3 December 2017, 7 to 10 December 2017 and 14 to 18 December 2017, which are on Thursdays, Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays (with the final run on Monday, 18 December 2017). North Pole Express sells out rather quickly once tickets go on sale on Labor Day in September; a check of the Florida Railroad Museum website is advised for remaining ticket availability.
Second, the Gold Coast Railroad Museum will be kicking off its Polar Express event beginning Friday, 24 November 2017 as well as the remainder of Thanksgiving weekend, Saturday, 25 November 2017 and Sunday, 26 November 2017. The Polar Express will also be held on these dates in December 2017: 1-3 December 2017, 8-10 December 2017 and 15-24 December 2017 (the final run is on Sunday, 24 December 2017 which is Christmas Eve). Some dates for The Polar Express at the Gold Coast Railroad Museum are already sold out; you can check ticket availability for the remaining dates over at the Gold Coast Railroad Museum website.
As with any train themed Christmas event, arrival at either venue at least 30 minutes to an hour prior to train departure is highly recommended. This will give you time to park, pick up your tickets and be in line for boarding. In addition, hotel accommodations are a plus especially if you are traveling a considerable distance to either Miami or Parrish as the events take place in the evening hours.
The Florida Railroad Museum is located in Parrish just off of US 301 at 12210 83 St E and is 35 miles south of Tampa as well as 25 miles north of Sarasota on Interstate 75. Easy access to the Florida Railroad Museum via Interstate 75's Exit 229, also known as Moccasin Wallow Road. From Interstate 75 follow Moccasin Wallow Road east for about five miles to US 301, then south on US 301 for 1/4 mile to the museum entrance.
The Gold Coast Railroad Museum is located in Miami on the grounds of Zoo Miami at 12450 SW 152nd Street, which is a mile and a half west of the Florida Turnpike at Exit 16. It's easy to get to from anywhere in South Florida as well as the Florida Keys and from the Tampa Bay region it's a 4.5 hour drive via Interstate 75 and the Alligator Alley to the Florida Turnpike exit at Exit 5; south on the Florida Turnpike to Exit 16 and SW 152nd Street and you'll be there in no time.
You ought to go on a Christmas themed train ride at one or (if you can) both railroad museums. Believe me, a Christmas themed train ride will be a memorable Christmas holiday season for you and your family.
We're a few months into 2016, and I know, I haven't posted in a while. I have been busy a lot trying to balance the load between my full time job and my weekends at the railroad museum. In my spare time I have been tweaking EdwardRingwald.com little by little trying out some new features.
If you haven't noticed, I made a slight change to the blog picture that you see to the left and also made it into an icon as you can see in the title bar of your browser. How do you make this icon? It's time for a web design Great American Teach-In moment!
First, you take an image and resize it to a small image file, usually 100 x 100. You can use any image editor including Microsoft Picture Manager (which comes with the Office suite) to resize the image. Save the image file as a .jpg file.
You have to convert the resized image into an icon file. There are plenty of websites out there that will convert an image file into an icon for you, and I highly recommend the Favicon and App Icon Generator at Dan's Tools. The site is easy to use, but make sure you deselect the check mark for including your favicon in the public gallery before you click on create favicon. The resulting file will be a favicon.ico file (the .ico extension tells Windows that it is an icon file).
With the minor updates aside, let's change gears here and discuss a subject that I haven't got around to in a while. Lately, if you go to your favorite restaurant you have more than likely seen something new on the menu: Calorie counts.
You can thank the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the same law that gave us Obamacare. A part of the law requires that chain restaurants post calorie counts in their menus, all in the name of encouraging Americans to live healthier lifestyles. To me, I think these calorie counts posted prominently on printed menus and menu boards have the potential to scare people away, especially people who are fighting a battle with eating disorders such as Anorexia Nervosa.
Is our Federal Government requiring restaurants to post calorie counts on the menus fueling people with eating disorders? This article I found at reason.com on the Federal Government's mandatory calorie counts being hazardous to your health tells it all.
According to the article, twenty million women as well as ten million men (as of 2011) struggle with one form of eating disorder or another, including Anorexia Nervosa. An eating disorder is a serious condition, both physically and mentally, in which a person avoids eating food for fear of weight gain. The road to recovery for someone with an eating disorder is a long road to recovery requiring the help of a psychiatrist, clinical psychologist as well as a counselor specializing in eating disorders. Most people with eating disorders are helped on an outpatient basis but a good number (especially the more severe cases) require some form of inpatient treatment, usually at a treatment facility specializing in eating disorders.
A person who is recovering from an eating disorder is usually taught to stop counting calories and stop weighing oneself as a part of therapy, according to the reason.com article. Unfortunately, when a person in recovery from an eating disorder walks into a restaurant for a get together with friends and/or family, once the calorie counts are seen on the menu that person could potentially face an anxiety attack, worried about weight gain and appearance. Is this what our Federal Government is doing to scare away people with eating disorders from restaurants?
My opinion is this: Calorie counts have no place on a restaurant's printed menu or on a menu board. However, restaurants can make nutritional information including calorie counts available to the customer upon request, as is present practice. But don't post calorie counts to scare away customers!
Clearly, this is one part of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that should be repealed. Our Federal Government should not be in the nanny business scaring people with calorie counts prominently posted.
As Memorial Day 2015 approaches, it is the start of the summer season! School will be just wrapping up for the 2014-15 school year and the countless high school graduations, not to mention those summer road trips.
But there's the real meaning of Memorial Day, which is celebrated on the last Monday of May. It is a time to remember our men and women of the United States Armed Forces who have given the supreme sacrifice to keep our nation - as well as our cherished freedoms that we Americans take for granted - safe.
And while we're on that same subject, let's not forget our veterans who have somehow succumbed to the restrictive confines of guardianship thanks to Chapter 744 of the Florida Statutes. All it takes is the allegations of a concerned adult, especially a social worker, to begin a process which destroys a veteran's dignity, respect and well being.
Previously I have covered numerous topics regarding school principals who trump parental rights with all the power at their disposal, the most noteworthy being Virgil Mills Elementary School and their anti-parental rights policy which can turn parents into criminals by the mere issuance of a trespass warning. Now our public schools are getting much more like a closed neverworld akin to a correctional facility or even a mini-North Korea.
Of recently, high school principals are pushing all their power over their students to a new level. A great example can be found at Zephyrhills High School in Zephyrhills, which is 20 miles northeast of Tampa. On the edict of Zephyrhills High School's principal, Andrew Frelick, he has ordered that all students needing to use the restroom be under a strict staff escort at all times, according to Bay News 9 and WTSP 10 News.
What? Bathroom escort at all times? Has Zephyrhills High School become a state correctional facility? Or, better yet, has Zephyrhills High School seceded from the United States? To me, this is absurd.
Unfortunately, principal Andrew Frelick's edict turned the entire Zephyrhills High School student body of 1,500 into state correctional institution inmates. Let's make that better: Principal Andrew Frelick decided to let Zephyrhills High School secede from the United States and become a territory of the repressive Democratic People's Republic of Korea, which we also know as North Korea. I would be sure that North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, would like administering an American high school from Pyongyang.
After all, if you happen to travel to North Korea - which the U.S. State Department considers non-routine for American citizens - you will be under escort at all times by your tour guide who is an agent of the North Korean government from the time you step off the plane at Pyongyang and your passport and visa are checked to the time you get back on the plane to head to Beijing to catch your return flight home. While you are in North Korea, the threat of detention (not the detention you see in an American public school for minor transgressions of school rules) and imprisonment looms over your head at all times, even if you have the proper paperwork to enter North Korea.
Besides, having to be escorted to the restroom at Zephyrhills High School - or anywhere else on campus - is demeaning to students. That's like treating students like state prison inmates, only without the handcuffs and leg irons that are applied by the correctional officers prior to moving a prisoner from a cell.
Perhaps Dr. Kurt Browning, the Pasco County Superintendent of Schools, needs to overrule principal Andrew Frelick's authority and do away with this draconian treatment of students who need to use the restroom. If a school principal is concerned about abuse of restroom privileges, there are other ways to address the issue.
After all, Dr. Browning, as superintendent of schools for Pasco County, is the head principal in charge.
Parents of students in Zephyrhills High School, you have a voice. Voice your displeasure to Zephyrhills High School principal Andrew Frelick. Voice your displeasure to Pasco County Schools Superintendent Dr. Kurt Browning as well as to the Pasco County School Board in Land o' Lakes.
Believe me, if I had any children attending Zephyrhills High School, they would be immediately pulled out of that school and either sent to private school or homeschool. Students are people, not prison inmates nor North Korean citizens.
Besides, Dr. Browning needs to replace Andrew Frelick as principal of Zephyrhills High School with another principal that cares not only about students but their parents as well. By enacting this draconian bathroom escort policy and treating students like prison inmates or North Korean citizens, Principal Andrew Frelick does not care one bit about his students.
Labels: Pasco County School District, Principal Andrew Frelick, treatment of students, Zephyrhills High School
I know, I've been busy with a lot of things but I try to keep the Edward Ringwald Blog as fresh as possible with new content. But we got a friendly tank engine that you may know which is just around the corner.
If you guessed Day Out With Thomas, you are right! Day Out With Thomas 2015 is just around the corner at both the Gold Coast Railroad Museum in Miami as well as the Florida Railroad Museum in Parrish!
Gold Coast Railroad Museum: 7 and 8 March 2015 as well as 14 and 15 March 2015. Admission is $20.00.
Advance purchase of tickets for Day Out With Thomas is highly recommended. That way, you can purchase your tickets online and on the day of the event, just head on over to the Will Call window and pick up your tickets. I agree, you and your family will have plenty of Thomas fun!
To purchase tickets, click on either the Gold Coast Railroad Museum or the Florida Railroad Museum links above to go to that railroad museum's website. Then click on the link at the railroad museum website for Day Out With Thomas and select the date and time for your ride.
OK. Now where is the Gold Coast Railroad Museum in Miami as well as the Florida Railroad Museum in Parrish? Glad you asked!
The Gold Coast Railroad Museum is located in Miami on the grounds of Zoo Miami, 12450 SW 152nd Street in Miami. The entrance to both the zoo and the museum is located about a mile west of the Florida Turnpike at Exit 16, which is the exit for FL 992, SW 152nd Street. From southwest Florida follow Interstate 75 across Alligator Alley to Exit 5, which is the exit for southbound Florida Turnpike. Continue south on the turnpike to Exit 16, SW 152nd Street.
The Florida Railroad Museum is located in Parrish, east of US 301 at 12210 83rd Street East. The museum is 35 miles south of Tampa, 15 miles south of St. Petersburg (via Interstate 275 and the Sunshine Skyway) and 25 miles north of Sarasota and can be reached from Interstate 75 at Exit 229, Moccasin Wallow Road. East on Moccasin Wallow Road for five miles to US 301, then south on US 301 to 83rd Street East and the museum entrance.
For those of you coming from St. Petersburg via Interstate 275 and the Sunshine Skyway, follow Interstate 275 to its southern terminus at Interstate 75. When you get to Interstate 75 you will want to follow the signage for northbound Interstate 75 to Tampa but you will exit at the very next exit at Exit 229, Moccasin Wallow Road to Parrish.
Be sure to check out my adventures with the 2014 Day Out With Thomas at two railroad museums in two states over at EdwardRingwald.com! That way, you can get yourself an idea of what a Day Out With Thomas is like. In fact, HiT Entertainment - the proprietors of Thomas the Tank Engine including Day Out With Thomas - have plenty of great ideas so that you and your children can plan for an exciting Day Out With Thomas!
The compilation includes 10 unreleased tracks from various artists around the world, featuring well known names such as Talpa, Texas Faggott, Hedonix, Terrafractyl and Broken Toy as well as some new artists with fresh approaches to the genre. As with previous releases from this unique label, a diverse range of musical styles can be expected with everything from oldskool goa melodies and ethereal atmospheric soundscapes to the funkiest ass-shaking grooves. An emphasis on musicality and mood were an essential part of the selection criteria. The name of the album refers to the infinite forms and ways through which reality expresses itself. These songs are but a tiny cross section of the process, however their expression requires an extra element.Thats where you, the dancer or listener, comes in.
All the downloading links related to movies, games, tvshows, music and graphics are hosted on other sites like nitroflare, rapidgator, openload etc.
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl TeacherAMANDAx here. I'm 53 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. Hi lover. I am an experienced beautiful woman ready to have a good time with all you hot and horny men.. Hi lover. I am an experienced beautiful woman ready to have a good time with all you hWith my years of experience pleasing men, I just know that I will be able to satisfy your needs too.ot and horny men.. My hunger for hedonism is insatiable, my quest for pleasure is eternal and knows very few boundaries. is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Green eyes, Medium Blonde hairs and my measurements are 28-23-27. For Turn ons: I have to say, though, that one of my favorite things is to slide my hands into your pants to feel your throbbing dick, then go down, kiss, lick, and suck you dry. For TurnsOff: liars, rudeness, 1 min men. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
John Reese, a presumed dead former CIA agent who is approached by a mysterious billionaire named Harold Finch to prevent violent crimes before they happen by using an advanced surveillance system dubbed "The Machine". Their unique brand of vigilante justice attracts the attention of two NYPD officers, Joss Carter and Lionel Fusco, whom Reese uses to his advantage as he investigates persons of interest. Reese and Finch are later aided by Samantha "Root" Groves , a highly intelligent computer hacker and contract killer who the Machine later identifies as its "analog interface" and Sameen Shaw, a former ISA assassin who unknowingly dealt with the "relevant" numbers found by the Machine.
Watch Person of Interest Season 3 Episode 13 Online for Free. Watch Episode Series is the best and free site for Person of Interest Episodes. We picked the best sites to stream Person of Interest s03e13. Pick a site below and click "Watch Now!" button. If the link you clicked is not working, pick another site from the list and report the broken link. Our staff will remove it immediately.
South Park Season 22 Episode 7 Criminal Minds Season 14 Episode 7 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 10 The Daily Show Season 24 Episode 22 Survivor Season 37 Episode 8 Chicago Fire Season 7 Episode 8 Chicago P.D. Season 6 Episode 8 NOVA Season 45 Episode 15 Empire (2015) Season 5 Episode 7 All American (2018) Season 1 Episode 5 Homicide Hunter: Lt. Joe Kenda Season 8 Episode 11 Dark Heart Season 1 Episode 5 Total Divas Season 8 Episode 9 Storage Wars Season 12 Episode 3 Black Ink Crew Season 7 Episode 10
Yvonne Chaka Chaka, Bobi Wine, Bola Ray, Obour, others to speak to speak at Africa Music Business Summit (AMBS) in Ghana
Ghana looks likely to win the 2017 Miss Perth Africa pageant, following the selection of a 19-year-old Human Biology student to represent the West African country for the first time.
Miss Gertrude Mortty, of the Curtin University in Perth, Western Australia, goes into the competition with not only the 3Bs – i.e. beauty, brains and body – which the pageant emphasises. She carries along a worthwhile goal she intends to pursue should she win.
“I want to use the platform to create awareness on how to properly groom our bodies and other issues concerning the health of women such as the increasing rate of breast cancer,” she said.
The former student of Sacred Heart Senior High School at Nsoatre in the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana, indicated that her participation is to inspire all African women, especially those in the diaspora, to be confident in their strides to reach greater heights.
She explained, “We all do have ambitions and career goals. I am, for instance, hoping to turn a medical doctor someday. It can be difficult sometimes but we just can’t lose hope yet; we need to inspire ourselves and strive to achieve the goals we have individually set for ourselves.
“This is what I find admirable about this pageant, because it gives us, young African women in Western Australia, a platform to explore our talents and use our positions as ambassadors to inspire others,” she quipped.
Asked about her chances in the competition, Gertrudice DeeWhiz McEras – as she is known on Facebook – said she was optimistic of winning the ultimate.
“I learnt this is the first time a Ghanaian is participating; that in itself is a motivation for me to go for the ultimate. I am confident, so particularly I expect every Ghanaian to vote for me by liking my picture on facebook” she indicated.
Gertrude is in competition with 12 other contestants from Kenya, DR Congo, Zambia, Zimbabwe, South Sudan, Guinea Conakry, South Africa, Mauritius and Burundi. The final event is slated for Saturday, the May 27th, at Astor Theatre, 659 Beaufort St, Mount Lawley, WA.
2017 Miss Perth Africa: Getty poised to make Ghana proud 0 out of 5 based on 0 ratings. 0 user reviews.
A controversial video that exposes RudeBoy, one half of the now-defunct successful Nigerian Pop Music…
Experienced leadership team well-positioned to grow group’s leading entertainment company position in Africa Naspers today…
For affordable website hosting packages, go to MySite. com. You'll find complete and reliable website hosting with a range of prices and options. The prospect of dating a hot, mom-type figure is the fantasy of most straight guys growing up, but getting sugar momma'd is something a little different. Show your girl you love her with a love poems for her. Express your deep love to your lady with words of poetry. A girlfriend can make a man feel appreciated. Welcome to the home of New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs. The Review Editors Summary. For those interested in signing up to a dating site, but unwilling to spend money, PlentyOfFish (POF) presents itself as a great option. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Details of the Labour - NZ First coalition agreement have just been announced. Safe Surfing Guide to safe, successful dating for mature, older gay men and younger and older admirers: SafeSurfingDatingGuide. pdf: White Paper - The Senior. Sign in to Plenty Of Fish with a POF login. Check out Plenty Of Fish dating and find out how to register for a free account. Meet singles on POF. com now. Hawaii personals has over 500 singles looking for relationships, dates and love in the Hawaiian islands updated daily. Place and read ads for free. Get the latest science news and technology news, read tech reviews jtbc dating alone jackson more at ABC News. You can buy xxx chat credits without a research essay on online dating card on these sites. Find out what payment methods are available on each site and which gives the best value. Jul 22, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Is dating a friends ex okay. What is the girl code rules. Should you date your best friends jtbc dating alone jackson boyfriend. DateHookup is a 100 free online jtbc dating alone jackson site unlike other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new jtbc dating alone jackson women and men without paying for a subscription. I am 44 years old jtbc dating alone jackson college dating thought catalog jtbc dating alone jackson dating scene again for the first time in 25 jtbc dating alone jackson. Where do you go advantages and disadvantages of dating in school meet someone at my age. I am not doing the online singles. Whether jtbc dating alone jackson celebrating an anniversary or simply spicing up a blessedly-free weekend, these are the best date ideas that get you fun quality time. The most populous country age gap dating yahoo the world dating sites in istanbul a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. Get more details about nigerian scammer, 419 scams and also post complaints and check reviews on nigerianspam. com. Jtbc dating alone jackson we also … Browse our list of dating data and statistics about dating. The stats and info on this page comes from Zoosk, the dating site with 40 million members. November 2016: After yahoo us military dating scams of dating and keeping their relationship as private as possible, Khloe opened up about her boyfriend Tristan during a … One in ten Americans have used an online dating site or mobile dating app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone they met through a dating site or app, Best Books for 11-Year Olds (Sixth Grade) Ive taken all my book reviews to create this huge list of the best books book for 11-year olds at the right reading level. Let the Farmington Daily Times keep you up-to-date on breaking news, sports, business, entertainment, lifestyle and opinion. Free Hair Makeover Dating games for everybody. - This beautiful young lady is going on a blind date but doesn't feel as though she's ready. Help dress her up and give. A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. Nigerian Dating scam aka Nigerian romance scam, the database of Nigerian dating scammers with photos. Can Relationships That Start as Affairs Succeed. Can Relationships That Start as Affairs Succeed. Online Sex And Adult Only Dating Website for Australian Singles and Couples Considering online dating, but don't know where to start. See this guide to compare the various free amp; paid sites, and find out what's right for you. The following is excerpted from the team chapters of the always-excellent Football Outsiders Almanac. Buy it here as a PDF, or here in print.
By Barb Marcano. Personal ads featured on this page were jacksom by real jttbc and women and posted on various online dating sites. Special Bridge is a brand new private social community and dating site for people with disabilities. Learn more and signup at SpecialBridge. com. Click here to see our upcoming events Baltimore Single Speed Dating. Dating events for Baltimore singles speed dating is jtbc dating alone jackson perfect solution personalized matchmaking services those who are unsure.
Define pace. pace synonyms, pace pronunciation, pace translation, English dictionary definition of pace. A step jttbc in walking; a stride. A unit of length. Fluper is whirlpool refrigerator water line hookup IBM amp; nasscom dtaing top mobile app development company creating apps for android, iOS, iPhone amp; iPad providing services Dubai, UAE and USA. Dar es Salaam (House of Peace in Arabic) was jacoson in 1862 by Sultan Seyyid Majid of Zanzibar on the site of the village of Mzizima.
Mzizima's history dates back to. Vating ten scientific facts that prove evolution is wrong, false jtbc dating alone jackson impossible. Christian singles connect with other believers. Free Trial. A Christian Singles Network Online dating service. Ethics or moral philosophy is a branch of philosophy that involves systematizing, defending, and recommending concepts of right and wrong conduct. The term ethics. SeekingRich. com is the jtbc dating alone jackson rich men dating site for rich men and women to meet each other.
Join for free to find a rich man now. Singer, model, actress, and professional wrestler Ariane Andrew (aka Cameron) was born November 3, 1987 in Northridge, California. She earned degrees in both business. Conflicts with Science Mormonism, according to Joseph Smith [1] and Brigham Young, [2] embraces all truth. And, according to Joseph Smith, when one embraces truth.
Benin: Country of western Africa. It consists types of dating fossils a narrow wedge of territory extending married without dating casts for about 420 jtbc dating alone jackson (675 kilometres) from the Gulf of Guinea in the.
Never miss another hot celeb jtbc dating alone jackson. The juiciest celebrity news from all around the web on a single page. Hundreds of single Russian women join our site every week. You could try the advanced search when can you say youre dating someone in our site and find Russian brides who perfectly. Faces is completely free to join and browse your matches, our unique dating algorithm will help you to find LOVE.
And unlike other sites if you. NudistDatingSites. net is a Nudist Dating Site for Nudists Naturists. Meet True Nudist jthc Dating jackdon Friendship. Local sex personals for no strings jtbc dating alone jackson sex and adult dating on backpage. Personal ads for swingers and personals for NSA casual encounters. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women.
HTTPS encryption on jaxkson web. HTTPS helps keep jtbc dating alone jackson browsing safe by securely connecting your browser or app with the websites you visit. The purpose of this Query Board is for posting queries relating to the Province of Ontario only. For the other provinces go to the following jtbx listed below.
Check out the video above from the Wall Street Journal to jtbc dating alone jackson how OkCupid stacks up against another popular dating app, Tinder. Catering to straight, gay, and. Free Nigerian Porn Clips submitted at Sex Tube Box, Nigerian Sex Videos, We have 1 pages Juicy Nigerian Videos, 1-57 of 57 Datnig Tube Movies How can I go about finding a hot cook, dishwasher, canner, gardener and just an all around good wife alne a prepper.
Dating services and advice that could help. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Jtbc dating alone jackson Bilateral trade between India and Pakistan grew 21 to 2. 4 billion last year, as Islamabad reaped the benefits of trade normalisation jtbc dating alone jackson than the gains. Totally free adult dating and swingers site. Members enjoy sex dating and adult sex with no strings attached. Swingers meet for free on this free dating apps through instagram dating site.
Looking for a vacation filled with remarkable nature amp; culture in the US. Learn more about Portland, Oregon and the attractions amp; activities it offers. Tech How To Write A Good Online Dating Profile There are enough terrible internet dating profiles out there. Here's how to write one that won't send potential. The World Wide Web has many jtbc dating alone jackson dating speed dating lesson activity and options for finding a date - but should you search dating sites la dating stories marriage to find your soulmate.
Lately, Ive been telling my daughter when she comes up with a cool outfit. But, I think rock dating sites important because she dresses for her own satisfaction, and not any. Hosts jackaon such as Chit Chat, Bar, Aunt Agony, food, babes, politics and a marketplace. Allows creation of own forums. Black Women may not get the hoodrat athletes and rappers. But we are very popular with BILLIONAIRES. Ive always thought that middle eastern men preferred.
A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. Catfishing What is it, where it came from and the Psychology Behind Catfish Online Dating Scams. What is Catfishing when talking about online dating. Mar 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;CEBU, Philippines - The proposed higher excise tax on automobiles won't have a detrimental impact on car sales in the country, an official of car. downside jtbv at two degrees of president clinton section: clintons dealings with women, up close and personal subsection: all revised 1801 Groupon Inc.
Stock - GRPN dating site in england, historical stock charts, analyst dating website murders, financials, and todays Groupon Inc. stock price. 100 Free Jadkson Site, Free Online Dating Service for Singles at YouDate. net. No credit card needed.
100 free to send amp; read messages, view photos, video chat. It seems that the jtbc dating alone jackson way to meet a potential partner in the 21st century is to go online and use an internet dating rs232 hookup. Since jtbc dating alone jackson early days of them being. How to Describe Yourself.
And What He Taught Me Hi Quix, I have been diagnosed with Herpes Simplex II. I am also having issues. It appears to be typical nerve damage symptoms, but nothing showed up on 6 … Are you a college guy looking to get the girl. And by get the girl I mean date and hopefully start a relationship with her. (We are keeping it classy. ) Meet Thai girls, Thai girl, Thailand girls, single Thai girls, Beautiful Thai girls, Sexy Thai girls, Thai ladies dating service and beautiful Asian Thai single girls. If youre reading this, you will probably agree that the iPhone is one of the most useful devices currently on the market. But theres a lot more functionality. Somalis (Somali: Soomaali, Arabic: صوماليون ) are an ethnic group inhabiting the Horn of Africa (Somali Peninsula). The overwhelming majority of Somalis. Roger Corman, Producer: Roger Corman's Frankenstein Unbound. Roger William Corman was born April 5, 1926, in Detroit, Michigan. Initially following in his father's. 100 free Thai Dating site. International online Thai Dating for Thai girls, Thai singles. Colorado ( ˌ k ɒ l ə ˈ r 230; d oʊ, alpne jtbc dating alone jackson r ɑː d oʊ ( jbtc is a state in the United States encompassing most of jtbc dating alone jackson Southern Rocky Ddating as well as. Jtbc dating alone jackson finest and the most sincere Jbtc Escorts and Texas Call Girls available jtbc dating alone jackson the ultimate Girlfriend Experience, Massage amp; Body Rubs Online dating profile examples for men that dating ex spouse after divorce women to respond. If you're allne for examples to jtbc dating alone jackson in your alobe to make it datinf out to women, these nackson be. Jun 16, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Want music and videos with daitng ads. Get YouTube Red. Online dating has taken off in Vietnam in the same way it has in the Philippines. The best online aoone jtbc dating alone jackson dating for 1 year and no i love you Vietnam apone a lot of members, good chat and. Nyseg service hook up beachside resort. Includes employees dating managers, descriptions, rates, area information and contact. There are great datign about dating younger women, and very bad things. There are great things about dating older women, and very bad things. Today I will examine. Dating dating stories funny an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in advantages of using cell phone dating last jtbc dating alone jackson dating express kaskus. From the jtbc dating alone jackson dating site like ayi jtbc dating alone jackson and sociology. Plentyoffish reviews: Worthless service with no concern for their customers. I can't get a hold of plenty of fish my account was hacked into. I meant a guy is title Oct 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Women-focused dating app Bumble just launched its LinkedIn killer, 'Bumble Bizz' We have over 199 of the best Dating games for you. Play online for free at Kongregate, including Crush Crush, Chrono Days Sim Date, and Kingdom Days Sim Date In 2016, almost 15,000 complaints categorized as romance scams or confidence fraud were reported to IC3 (nearly 2,500 more than the previous year), and the losses. Helping women and men find companions for dating, relationships or marriage. Madison Beer Swears She's Not Dating Brooklyn Beckham: quot;We're Seriously Best Friendsquot; Jul 19, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Youve been there. Youre up late one night trolling job boards and in between travel ads the perfect job opportunity appears. You hear the heavenly. Book now at Gabriel Kreuther in New York, explore menu, see photos and read 809 reviews: quot;Creative, delicious, allergy sensitive, attentive service, relaxed dining. Match Group Inc. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch. Watch X-sensual - Online Dating online on YouPorn. com.
* * * Summary Experiences are better when businesses are built around people. Many new businesses are using the social web as a platform to change established industries and incumbent companies. The web is being fundamentally rebuilt around people, and this will change how businesses operate. Almost everything we do revolves around other people, and the social web will reach us all. This rebuilding of the web is happening because our online life is catching up with our offline life. We’re social creatures, and social networks have been around for 10,000 years. The social behavior we’ve evolved over those thousands of years will be what motivates us to act on the social web. Businesses will need to understand those behavior patterns to be successful. The social web will change how we think about marketing. What we’ve already learned from the ability to observe and quantify human relationships has moved us away from the myth of the “influential” and toward understanding how groups of friends talk about businesses, brands, and products.
This was social behavior being bolted on. We are now entering the third phase (right), where websites are being rebuilt around people. Social behavior is the key feature. It is not bolted on. * * * Quick Tips Don’t think about the social web as a set of features to add on to your existing site. The social web is not about adding a “like” button or a “share” button to your web pages. Bolting on social features will not work, because we don’t bolt on social behavior offline. We’ve seen how Zynga, Facebook Photos, and Etsy reinvented businesses by designing around people. Think of the social web like you think of electricity. It’s always there, powering everything else. Social behavior is the same: always there, motivating us to act. It should be placed in the center of the development process. * * * Why the web is changing Social networks are not new For thousands of years, people have formed into groups, built strong and weak relationships with others, formed allegiances, and spread rumor and gossip.
In fact, this observation is the basis of our next analysis. Tip The token RT can be prepended to a message to indicate that it is being relayed, or “retweeted” in Twitter parlance. For example, a tweet of “RT @SocialWebMining Justin Bieber is on SNL 2nite. w00t?!?” would indicate that the sender is retweeting information gained via the user @SocialWebMining. An equivalent form of the retweet would be “Justin Bieber is on SNL 2nite. w00t?!? Ummm…(via @SocialWebMining)”. Extracting relationships from the tweets Because the social web is first and foremost about the linkages between people in the real world, one highly convenient format for storing social web data is a graph. Let’s use NetworkX to build out a graph connecting Twitterers who have retweeted information. We’ll include directionality in the graph to indicate the direction that information is flowing, so it’s more precisely called a digraph.
Thus, given the conventions for retweeting, we only have to search for the following patterns: RT followed by a username via followed by a username Although Chapter 5 introduces a module specifically designed to parse entities out of tweets, Example 1-10 demonstrates that you can use the re module to compile[8] a pattern and extract the originator of a tweet in a lightweight fashion, without any special libraries. Example 1-10. Using regular expressions to find retweets >>> import re >>> rt_patterns = re.compile(r"(RT|via)((?:\b\W*@\w+)+)", re.IGNORECASE) >>> example_tweets = ["RT @SocialWebMining Justin Bieber is on SNL 2nite. w00t?!?", ... "Justin Bieber is on SNL 2nite. w00t?!? (via @SocialWebMining)"] >>> for t in example_tweets: ... rt_patterns.findall(t) ... [('RT', ' @SocialWebMining')] [('via', ' @SocialWebMining')] In case it’s not obvious, the call to findall returns a list of tuples in which each tuple contains either the matching text or an empty string for each group in the pattern; note that the regex does leave a leading space on the extracted entities, but that’s easily fixed with a call to strip(), as demonstrated in Example 1-11.
Mining the Social Web Matthew A. Russell Editor Mike Loukides Copyright © 2011 Matthew Russell This book uses RepKover™, a durable and flexible lay-flat binding. O’Reilly books may be purchased for educational, business, or sales promotional use. Online editions are also available for most titles (http://my.safaribooksonline.com). For more information, contact our corporate/institutional sales department: (800) 998-9938 or corporate@oreilly.com. Nutshell Handbook, the Nutshell Handbook logo, and the O’Reilly logo are registered trademarks of O’Reilly Media, Inc. Mining the Social Web, the image of a groundhog, and related trade dress are trademarks of O’Reilly Media, Inc. Many of the designations used by manufacturers and sellers to distinguish their products are claimed as trademarks.
A great warmup for this ebook is Chapter 1 (Hacking on Twitter Data) from Mining the Social Web. It walks you through tools like easy_install and discusses specific environment issues that might be helpful—and the best news is that you can download a full resolution copy, absolutely free! One other thing you should consider doing up front, if you haven’t already, is quickly skimming through the official Twitter API documentation and related development documents linked on that page. Twitter has a very easy-to-use API with a lot of degrees of freedom, and twitter (http://github.com/sixohsix/twitter), a third-party package we’ll use extensively, is a beautiful wrapper around the API. Once you know a little bit about the API, it’ll quickly become obvious how to interact with it using twitter. Finally—enjoy! And be sure to follow @SocialWebMining on Twitter or “like” the Mining the Social Web Facebook page to stay up to date with the latest updates, news, additional content, and more.
After a London Fashion Week campaign, Twitter, using metrics from Topsy, said that Burberry had received 245,762 “mentions”—one of the social-web metrics du jour. Later, that number changed to 10,000, as the Twitter company blog post about the campaign underwent several revisions. These mentions also don’t get at some other important questions: How many people saw these tweets? How many people follow people who mentioned Burberry? How many of those people were logged on, and how many are fake or inactive accounts? How many people actually clicked on something or decided to make a purchase? These statistics turn out to be profoundly important for how advertising dollars are apportioned out (as well as, in some cases, bonuses for writers and others in the industry). They also influence what you read online and how you read it—a tremendous amount of journalism on the social web is built on a kind of feedback loop, inspired by what is already trending and what might soon trend.
For many users, the site’s rivers of mindless content are exactly what they’re designed to be: enjoyable trifles to be idly digested and shared during slow periods in the white-collar workday. As one monolith in the new-media landscape, then, BuzzFeed isn’t so menacing. But as a prominent example of how a news organization can be built, ground up, for the social web, it is troubling, all the more so because its occasional quality content is hidden in thickets of dreck. (BuzzFeed, like some other digital organizations, believes that home pages don’t matter much anymore—referrals through the social web are much more important—which is one reason why the home page of BuzzFeed.com is a mass of links, none of them communicating their relative importance.) More than that, the site is based on a patronizing and infantilizing view of users, who are seen as easily manipulatable totems—target the crazies!
And why not, when the individual’s voice is supposed to have the power to start a movement or sink a political campaign? The opinion is the prototypical expression of the social web: everyone has them, and yet there are never enough. Web sites, apps, purchases, restaurants, books, TV shows and films streamed on Netflix—everything and every place is open to being summarized in a few sentences and a one-to-five star rating. Even prisons are now reviewed, however cheekily, on Yelp. Sometimes we review as a favor to a friend, in return for a discount, or because our disappointment with the last season of True Blood forced us to act (strong opinions play well on the social web). Despite the widespread belief that many ratings sites are inaccurate or skewed—about 14 percent are fake, according to a 2012 Gartner study—reviewing continues apace.
It will be a bit like walking in the fog: we won’t be able to see the end of the trail, but as we move forward more of the path will become clear. It will take a non-predictive mindset, one that’s curious to unknown possibilities. As the people shaping the connected world (entrepreneurs and corporations alike), we now have a chance to invent the commercial implications of the inevitable web of things. The social web has now connected us and introduced a new era for startups, so we should take the lead and create physical-goods mash-ups and value equations that couldn’t exist in a world without connectivity. And as for the social web, we’ll only ever know what people want to track, share and do when the tools are put in their hands. When people are able to track something, they start keeping score. We can’t help but turn things into a game. While it’s true that business is already a game, the gaming mechanics of industry are about to enter an entirely new era.
The thing we need to be careful about is that these facts point to the reality of how isolated we’ve become from those we care most about. If you’re a hard-working industrial participant, then it’s true that your co-workers have both a higher frequency and a higher proximity than any of your family members. We can only hope there are some people in the group we really enjoy being with. It’s probably why a lot of people take jobs — and leave bosses. Digital clustering In recent years, since the social web arrived, we’ve started escaping our geographic realities. Facilitated by these tools, there has been a classic emergence of digital cohorts based around shared value systems and interest. We can now choose the people we want to increase our frequency with even if we’re geographically constrained. Our permanent and daily digital connections enable us to circumvent our geography. We do a form of border hopping to connect with those we enjoy collaborating with, rather than collaborating with those who are merely profitable.
It’s collaborative in nature: human first, commercial second. Sometimes we have to remind ourselves of how dramatic these changes really are. So many of the things we’re seeing are counter intuitive to what we’d expect from large corporations. Let’s take the simple example of the two biggest global social-media competitors, Facebook and Twitter. Both of them have cross-platform sharing. The entire social web has this. This means that users can choose to publish on one platform and have it automatically posted on the other platform. It’s very hard to imagine a six-pack of cola coming with three cans of Pepsi and three cans of Coca-Cola. But in the new world, there tends to be more focus on coopetition than there is on competition. Not only does it put the user’s needs first, it also populates the social-media ecosystem to benefit both brands.
The Winklevosses were accusing Mark of stealing their idea? Their dating Web site? They wanted to shut thefacebook down? Could they even do that? Sure, Mark had met with them, had e-mailed with them, had led them on. But he hadn’t signed any contracts, and hadn’t written any code. And to Eduardo, thefacebook seemed so different. Well, it was also a social Web site—but there were dozens—if not hundreds—of social Web sites. Hell, every computer science major on campus had a social Web site under development. That Aaron Greenspan kid had even called part of his networking portal “the facebook,” or something like that. Did that mean they could all sue one another? Just for having similar ideas? “I talked to a three-one at the law school,” Mark said. “I sent a letter back. And another one to the school. Under that next book.”
He said that he anticipated that 900 students would have joined the site by this morning.’” Holy shit. That couldn’t be true. Nine hundred students had signed up to his Web site in four days? How was that possible? Zuckerberg didn’t know nine hundred people. He didn’t know four people, as far as Tyler could tell. In Tyler’s view, the kid had no friends. He had no social life. How the hell had he launched a social Web site and gotten that kind of response in four days? “I checked the site out as soon as I read this. It’s true, the thing is really exploding. You have to have a Harvard e-mail, and then you get to upload your picture, and personal and academic info. You can search for people according to interests, and then when you find your friends, you make a network out of them.” Tyler felt his hands tightening.
Tyler gave him the background of their relationship with Zuckerberg, then told him what he’d read in the Crimson—and what he, Cameron, and Divya had seen for themselves, logging into thefacebook.com. “There are things that seem real similar, Dad.” The key, to Tyler, was the setting, the exclusivity of it, that really separated what Mark had made from social network sites like Friendster. You had to have a Harvard e-mail to enter Mark’s site—and that had been their idea, too, to launch a Harvard-centric social Web site. The very idea of making everyone who joined have an .edu e-mail address was completely innovative, and potentially very important to the initial success of the site. It was sort of a screening process that kept the thing exclusive and safe. Maybe a lot of the features Mark had put in thefacebook.com were different—but the overall concept, to Tyler, seemed too similar. Mark had met with them three times.
Someone whose job it is not to create more content, but to make sense of all the content that others are creating. To find the best and most relevant content and bring it forward. The people who choose to take on this role will be known as Content Curators. the future of the social web will be driven by these Content Curators, who take it upon themselves to collect and share the best content online for others to consume and take on the role of citizen editors, publishing highly valuable compilations of content created by others. In time, these curators will bring more utility and order to the social web. In doing so, they will help to add a voice and point of view to organizations and companies that can connect them with customers—creating an entirely new dialogue based on valued content rather than just brand created marketing messages.
It doesn’t all have to be original. It does all have to be useful and relevant to the brand experience.” So you can see that the PR folks and the advertising folks don’t look at the world the same way. Maheu points to campaigns like the Old Spice Man, which was done by a competitive agency, as evidence that broadcast television still drives buzz and starts consumer conversations. But no one denies that the social Web was a massive accelerant for Mr. Spice. While Rubel talks about raindrops, Maheu still wants to seed the clouds. There’s a difference in worldview. “I think marketing has evolved into two tiers … one which means you still need a campaign, you need points of view,” Maheu says. “You need brand to have the courage to say something and to engage with consumers on something that’s going to be interesting.”
When I first met her, she was already something of a curator, although she probably didn’t use that word back in 2004. What she did was bring together a remarkable mix of speakers, guests, and attendees at what was perhaps the most groundbreaking technology conference of its time: PC Forum. Now Dyson is focused, mostly, on two areas of interest: space exploration and in the related fields of health care and genetics. But she remains one of the most thoughtful participants in the emerging social Web. “There will be so much content that people will need it filtered: by topic, by whether their friends liked it, by popularity,” Dyson says. She is seeing the innovation shifting from searching to filtering: “Overall, there will be some recognition that filtering by humans—they used to be called editors—can be a useful function. “Journalists, the best of the best, will be recognized because they do more than filter content,” Dyson explains.
In fact, the Japanese government actually called off the whaling expedition. Everyone who creates something online has lost control of their message but in the process has gained access to a global audience. Mister Splashy Pants is a story about the democratization of content online—starring a whale—and it demonstrated how little control we have over our brands. It turns out we never had control, only now we realize it. Before the social web, we had little idea of what people actually thought about us—now we know, and when like-minded people band together, they wield a really big stick. The talk is over. Applause. Even a few “Woo!”s from the crowd. Nailed it. I’d given a few non-CompUSA talks before then, but once the video of my TED talk hit a million views and was front-paged on reddit,4 I became a known “public speaker.” I have a lecture agent now and get paid more for a speaking gig than I did for an entire year’s work at Pizza Hut.
The first week was slow, and we’d only raised $10,000 of Lester’s budgeted $39,000 goal, which would cover the entire production of the album, payment for band members, and fulfillment of the various rewards, such as T-shirts and even signed cowbells. Turns out I’d forgotten to upload the trailer to YouTube: I’d only uploaded it to Kickstarter, where it couldn’t be as easily shared. My bad. As soon as my foolishness was corrected, we raised more than $18,000 in a single day as the video blazed around the social web. This buzz triggered attention from bloggers, who covered the story, which eventually connected us to a writer at CNN, who wanted to write an article for the website. We still had five thousand dollars to go when that story hit the front page of CNN.com and stayed there for most of Christmas Eve—Dylan and Lester grinning for all the world to see. The next morning father and son were interviewed on the CNN show Starting Point.
When the project ended, we’d nearly doubled our goal, and Lester had $61,084—minus a few percentage points in fees to Kickstarter and credit card companies—to make his record and reward his fans. And this time, it was all going to belong to him. It made me so proud to finally say, “Lester, your time has come today.” The industry of art, like other industries, is dramatically changing, thanks to the open Internet. For some time, only a few fortunate individuals who had wealthy patrons were able to produce art. But today, the social web has made it possible for any artist with a good idea and an Internet connection to create, publicize, and monetize his art. As power shifts from incumbents trying to preserve outdated business models to newly empowered artists, it’s bound to make former gatekeepers uncomfortable, even scared. That’s usually a positive sign. We’ll be able to enjoy the work of comedians, cartoonists, and musicians who otherwise would’ve come and gone without ever sharing their genius with the world.
Another way to see continuity in technology’s evolution is by depicting the various phases of the Web’s evolution, and seeing that the blockchain is yet another new phase, focused on peer-to-peer, trust-based asset transactions. Let us remember the key mini-revolutions that the Internet brought us since 1994: Personal Communications, Self-Publishing, E-Commerce, and the Social Web. In hindsight, each of these four phases was defined by the functions they disrupted: the post-office, print media, supply chains/physical stores, and the real world. PHASE GOAL DISRUPTING OUTCOME Communications Reach anyone in the world Post office Personal Communications Publishing Spread ideas Print media Self-publishing Commerce Trade Supply chains and physical stores E-Commerce Social Interactions Connect with friends Real world Social Web Asset Transactions Manage what you own Existing custodians Trust-based Services The irony of this situation is that blockchain-based applications can replace any Web application.
This gets us to the next nugget in this emerging puzzle: how do we create new value? You create value by running services on the blockchain. Blockchain services will succeed by creating a new ecosystem (just like the Web did), and it will get stronger on its own over time. There is a precedent to what has already happened in cyberspace. With the Internet, we had e-commerce, e-business, e-services, e-markets, and later the social web arrived in the form of large-scale social networks. Each one of these segments created its own wealth. Thus far, there is no clear segmentation in the emerging field of “blockchain services,” but they will be in the form of services where a trust component is stored on the blockchain (identity, rights, membership, ownership, voting, time stamping, content attribution), services where a contractual component is executed on the blockchain (wagers, family trusts, escrow, proof of work delivery, bounties, proof of bets, proof of compliance), decentralized peer-to-peer marketplaces (such as OpenBazaar or La’Zooz), and Distributed Autonomous Organizations (DAO) whose governance and operations run on the blockchain.
But it wasn’t until the 1990s that personal mobility came to so dominate and define our lives and demand a telecommunications infrastructure that could keep up. By freeing us to gather where we wish, our mobiles are a catalyst for density; the most robust cellular networks are those that blanket stadiums in bandwidth so spectators can share every score by talking, texting, and photos sent to the social web. But these same networks can be a substrate for sprawl, a metropolitan nervous system conveniently connecting our cars to the cloud. They may be our most critical infrastructure, and seem to be our highest priority. Even as we struggle to find the public will to fund basic maintenance for crumbling roads and bridges, we gladly line up to hand over hard-earned cash to our wireless carriers. Flush with funds, the US wireless industry pumps some $20 billion a year into network construction.14 While the capital stock invested in the century-old power grid is estimated at $1 trillion in North America alone, nearly $350 billion has been spent in the last twenty-five years on the 285,000 towers that blanket American cities with wireless bandwidth.15 The transition away from wires is almost complete.
But cleverly, it was also a way of soliciting updates and corrections about the real world from the app’s users, whom Vindigo recruited to report when someplace went out of business, for instance. For Crowley, it was an adroit solution to the lack of wireless connectivity, and an important lesson in hacking around gaps in the city’s still-incomplete digital infrastructure. After hours, Crowley continued to work on Dodgeball, which was starting to show the serious potential of the social web. By the end of 2000, the site had hundreds of users who had contributed over sixteen hundred reviews of restaurants and bars in Manhattan and four other cities.16 But it remained a hobby. As Crowley recalls his days at Vindigo, “I was trying to get them to pull social in, but there was just no concept of social at the time.”17 But before he could get anything started, he was laid off once again as the venture sputtered out.
Tweets and check-in alerts percolated through the air like cricket chirps as the staff slowly recovered from the Foursquare-fueled night before. Being your own lead user is always hard work, but when your product gives you an easy way to find a place to drink and meet new people, it takes its toll. Surrounded by this fast-growing band of coders and designers, Crowley was well on his way to joining the ranks of Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook and Jack Dorsey of Twitter, the princelings of the social web. On a screen mounted by the elevator, Foursquare’s torrent of check-ins unfolded in real time. An animated globe spun slowly, revealing hot spots of check-ins flaring up in a self-service census of the creative class. Berlin, Stockholm, and Amsterdam burned bright as smart young things and their smartphones set out for dinner, drinks, and dancing. With each check-in, they furthered their quest to unlock the app’s “badges,” a kind of symbolic reward doled out for, say, checking in at four different bars in one night (“Crunked”) or at a health club ten times in a month (“Gym Rat”).
Apache assigns each HTTP connection to one of those threads, spawning a new thread if all existing threads are busy and more memory is available. Although it varies from system to system, most Linux distributions have an 8 MB default thread stack size. Apache’s architecture scales unpredictably under load, and maintaining a large pool of open connections that are each waiting for data can easily consume all the free memory available to a server. Most social web applications display real-time updates for new messages, status changes, and user notifications, which require the client keep an open connection waiting for any server responses. These HTTP keep-alive or Comet requests can quickly saturate Apache’s maximum thread pool. Once the thread pool is depleted of available workers, the server is unable to respond to new requests. Asynchronous servers are relatively new to the scene, but they are designed to alleviate the limitations of thread-based web servers.
SSL Decryption with Nginx Developers of applications that transfer personal information between the browser and client need to take special care to protect that information from falling into the wrong hands. With unsecured WiFi access as common as it is, users are susceptible to cookie hijacking attacks that compromise their accounts on popular social networking sites. In response, most major social web applications have made their sites either use encrypted protocols by default or as a user-configurable option. Coincidentally, we can use for Nginx to decrypt SSL encryption on incoming requests and distribute the decoded HTTP requests to the upstream servers. Example 8-2 shows a server block that decrypts incoming HTTPS requests and forwards the decrypted traffic using the proxy directives we saw in Example 8-1.
As Director of the WELL I spent considerable time trying to understand how ad hoc groups worked things out in cyberspace, and how people attempted to achieve their purposes through monitors and keyboards. There is still no bright line separating casual from professional conversation on the Web. The answer to the question, “Who IS a journalist?” only gets hazier every day. Every day millions of false rumors are intentionally planted on the web. Tools are being invented to help support the social web’s ability to self-correct. Given that the WELL was founded by optimistic hippies, I assumed these geeks on the forefront of technology would have high hopes for their hobby, but I was surprised to find the opposite. “I had no idea the Internet would expand to the scale it is today. Absolutely no idea,” says Figallo. The Eternal September Throughout the late ’80s and early ’90s, universities granted their students access to Usenet and other BBSes.
We focused on making great things and using what tools we had at the time—email, IM, traditional PR and maybe a little LiveJournal—to get it in front of people and get it to spread. But for those who wanted to pay to catalyze a meme, it was generally pretty sketchy. Lots of pretending to be enthusiasts on message boards. Webb spends a lot of time coming up with memes for clients. Today he doesn’t have to start from square one every time because the social web allows the Barbarian Group to maintain a constant identity on Twitter, Facebook, and the blogs of its employees. And they don’t just blog about marketing stuff. Webb himself maintains a Tumblr blog dedicated mostly to the indie rock of his youth. His followers recognize that he represents an ad agency, but he’s also a real human being. People who have no interest in “the biz” follow him because he’s interesting, and he doesn’t use his various platforms to jam marketing messaging down their throats.
And it’s not just advertising. Publishing, show business, media, art and design too. 4chan shows us that there are enough creative people out there doing for free, and for zero recognition, what professionals have been paid to do for centuries. Furthermore, we have learned that what separated professional creatives from the amateurs wasn’t so much a level of talent, but access to distribution channels. Now that the social web has provided so many amateurs with a way to reach millions, they’re outshining the pros everwhere. Chapter 7 * * * The Meme Life Cycle THROUGHOUT 2010 I wrote for an Internet culture blog called Urlesque. Our stated goal was to “uncover bits of the web.” We reported most memes that came along, but for me the most interesting assignments allowed me to cover the way memes spread.
I came up with the idea of a thing I called the “Zenie Bottle”—a beautiful, collectible physical object (similar to a Lava Lamp) linked to a social web site mash-up. I pulled the plug on the project a year later. Here is where I went wrong. I built the business for my ego, not the market. The idea I started with was very simple: sell a novelty item that was fun to collect. The Zenie Bottle was a pretty glass bottle filled with a colorful substance that, when shaken, looked like a genie was living inside. But I didn't feel like selling a novelty item was a big enough idea, so I added elements to the business to make it more complex and hip. I attached a social web site mash-up in which the owner of a Zenie Bottle would have a virtual bottle on the Web where they could put pictures, music, and video into it so they could share it with their friends.
I was embarrassed to tell people what I was doing. In hindsight, the idea was silly and didn't fit my personality. I told myself that I would be proud of my accomplishment if we had tremendous success. But that wasn't enough—I needed to be proud of what I was working on every single minute of every single day. Ultimately, we were underfunded for the scope of our effort. We weren't sure of our identity. Were we a novelty item, a social web site mash-up, or an entertainment property? Nope—we were all three! In each category, someone other than us was already the winner. While combining all three may have worked, it would require Herculean efforts to rise above the din of other more focused companies. We were hoping to become a fad—with very little effort. While this would have been nice, it was a fantasy. Any one of the mistakes mentioned could have been overcome, but the combination of all of them did us in.
It empowers citizens to collaboratively create solutions. It’s not just the consumption but the co-production of government services and democracy.” The Promise of Data Journalism The ascendance of data journalism in media and government will continue to gather force in the years ahead. Journalists and citizens are confronted by unprecedented amounts of data and an expanded number of news sources, including a social web populated by our friends, family and colleagues. Newsrooms, the traditional hosts for information gathering and dissemination, are now part of a flattened environment for news. Developments often break first on social networks, and that information is then curated by a combination of professionals and amateurs. News is then analyzed and synthesized into contextualized journalism. Data is being scraped by journalists, generated from citizen reporting, or gleaned from massive information dumps — such as with the Guardian’s formidable data journalism, as detailed in a recent ebook.
The key to offering elegant organization to individuals or groups—the key to all platforms—is to enable others to use the tool as they wish. They know their needs. Such openness and flexibility also enables more groups to form. Each one may be small, but altogether, they add up to a larger network of groups—a mass of niches. There is an ongoing debate about who will win the social space, what company will own the social web. That’s a wrong-headed view of the opportunity. The internet already is a social network. So is life. The internet merely provides more means to make more connections. The winner is not the company that gets us to come in and be social inside a wall: the social AOL or MySpace or, for that matter, Facebook. The winner will be the one that figures out how to bring elegant organization to the disorganized social network that the internet already is.
I’ll bet they will be smart enough to do it. Politics is at last learning the skills of self-organization. In 2004, Howard Dean’s presidential campaign used blogs and discussion as well as in-person Meetups to organize volunteers and raise money. Barack Obama’s 2008 campaign made brilliant use of social tools, including Facebook and the iPhone, to organize rallies and rake in donations. More profound, it used the social web to organize a movement. It also took advantage of the fact that other communities—such as that inside the DailyKos blog—had gathered around Obama. It didn’t hurt that one of Facebook’s founders, Chris Hughes, was an adviser to Obama’s campaign. We want to be connected. In the internet age, we have gained a reputation for being antisocial, for sitting on our couches, laptops on laps, earphones on ears, never talking to anyone.
Amazon Mechanical Turk, bioinformatics, cloud computing, computer vision, crowdsourcing, easy for humans, difficult for computers, finite state, game design, information retrieval, iterative process, natural language processing, pattern recognition, performance metric, sentiment analysis, social web, speech recognition, statistical model, text mining
If you are interested in taking the raw text from an HTML page, the NLTK includes a package that will clean that input for you: >>> url = "http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-18963939" >>> html = urlopen(url).read() >>> raw = nltk.clean_html(html) Chapter 11 of Natural Language Processing with Python provides information and resources for compiling data from other sources, such as from word processor files, databases, and spreadsheets. In terms of mining information from other web sources, such as Twitter and blogs, Mining the Social Web by Matthew A. Russell (O’Reilly) provides detailed information for using the Twitter API, as well as resources for mining information from email, LinkedIn, and blogs. Eliciting Data from People So far we have assumed you will be annotating texts or recordings that already exist. But for some tasks, the data just isn’t there, or at least it doesn’t exist in a form that’s going to be of any use.
As soon as this plan is signed into law, Recovery.gov goes live and you’ll be able to see precisely where your tax dollars are going. Because this is your democracy, and as I said throughout the campaign, change never begins from the top down. It begins from the bottom up.6 A day later, on February 9, 2009, selling his recovery plan at a town-hall meeting in economically devastated Elkhart, Indiana, he went further in explaining his vision for using the social web to involve the public in the watchdogging of government spending: We’re actually going to set up something called Recovery.gov—this is going to be a special website we set up, that gives you a report on where the money is going in your community, how it’s being spent, how many jobs it’s created so that all of you can be the eyes and ears. And if you see that a project is not working the way it’s supposed to, 111 WIKILEAKS AND THE AGE OF TRANSPARENCY you’ll be able to get on that website and say, “You know, I thought this was supposed to be going to school construction but I haven’t noticed any changes being made.”
All the real work is done by a sophisticated “Recovery Operations Center” where traditional law enforcement authorities use data-mining tools to uncover potential fraud. In no way has a community of citizen inspectors general been formed, and it’s not surprising that Recovery.gov has had no discernible eﬀect on public trust in Obama. Over on Inspector General Devaney’s “Chairman’s Corner” blog, a handful of posts (less than one per month!) demonstrate further how out of touch he is with how to engage the social web. In his March 2010 post, he lambasted “gratuitous criticism from some journalists and Internet grouches”9 who pointed out problems with Recovery.gov’s public data, instead of embracing their comments as constructive. My colleague Clay Johnson, then director of Sunlight Labs, chided Devaney for how poorly he dealt with online criticism, writing: “You could have created a spirit of civil openness and participation like no other in an incredibly charged political environment.
Trade-offs are inevitable when you’re balancing different considerations such as the market realities of employment and your own natural interests. Even as I have developed a career in the technology industry I have not relinquished my original aspirations. In fact, the issues of personal identity and community incentives that I researched in academia are relevant to my current entrepreneurial passion for the social Web, online networks, and marketplaces. My longstanding interests in these themes have helped me develop industry skills and differentiation around the creation of massive Internet platforms. Recently, I made a career move to start doing venture investing at Greylock. Again, I built on my assets and pursued my aspirations in the local environment in which I found myself. My significant operating experience at scale differentiates me from other VCs with finance backgrounds or limited operational backgrounds.
Land on CNN.com and you can pull up articles your Facebook friends have shared. Browse Fortune magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” list, and next to each company is a list of your LinkedIn connections out to the third degree who work there—making it easy to focus on companies where you already have a foot in the door. Instead of an anonymous editor or algorithm telling millions of readers what’s important or relevant, the rise of a social web allows trusted connections to act as information curators. Finally, pushing interesting information out to your network increases your chances of serendipitous intelligence. Post an article, email a quote, forward along a job offer, and in other ways share small gifts to your network. Your friends will appreciate it, and you will increase the chances that those same people respond in kind and send you intelligence later on.
What services like Klout reinforce is the need to be aware of your online social comings and goings, because these ratings are public and available for the world to see (and this includes your boss, your employees, your customers, and your potential clients and employers). Consumer Reports rates and grades products and services. The Internet allowed anybody to comment on any company or service. Now the social web has brought this scoring and grading down to you and me. Here’s a personal story about influence and social grading: I spent close to fifteen years in the music industry. Along with that, I spend more time than I care to admit on airplanes. Those worlds never collided… until recently. Like most people, I buy cheap flights, and if things need to be changed, I approach the customer service staff at the gate with a smile and a prayer, and hope that I won’t be charged the price of a small condo in Florida.
Beyond that, are we asking even more of those who aren’t even our consumers yet? This is what happens in a world where anyone can publish their thoughts in text, images, audio, and video instantly. It becomes a game where brands are jumping in the pool simply because every other brand is jumping in the pool. What does that get you? Mediocrity at best, but junk is the more likely outcome. Prior to the social web, how many advertorials did you read that were so captivating, you could not help but rip them out of the magazine (or newspaper) and share them with friends and colleagues? Admit it—it’s not easy to recall a scenario like that. There are so few companies that will admit that the quality of their content can’t match the quantity that they are producing. Have you ever walked to the back of a conference hall and seen the bags and dumpsters of corporate white papers, testimonials, and articles that are left shortly after the trade show floor shuts down?
If you don’t recognize his name, you may remember some of the New York Times headlines about work done by him and his longtime collaborator James Fowler: “Are Your Friends Making You Fat?”; “Find Yourself Packing It On? Blame Friends”; “Study Finds Big Social Factor in Quitting Smoking”; “Strangers May Cheer You Up, Study Says.” What these researchers have found, in study after study, is that our actions have consequences that ripple across our social web to our friends, our friends’ friends, and even our friends’ friends’ friends. But just as health behaviors spread, so do facts and bits of knowledge. Since information spreads through social rather than physical space, it is vital that we understand social networks and how they operate. In this globalized age, where we can be anywhere on the planet within a day or so, the ties we have to those we know, rather than where we are, take on greater meaning.
In addition to simplifying reference importation, synchronizing one’s bibliography online, and many other wonderful features, it has another: social networking. Instead of the scientist simply working with the set of references they use to write their papers in isolation, it allows them to see their friends’ references; it acts as a sort of social network for scientists. As Mendeley grows in popularity—and it seems that it’s hitting the critical mass that’s necessary for any social Web site to thrive—it allows for the collaborative exposure of knowledge that each of us individually hasn’t been aware of. But it provides another important feature: It allows scientists to see articles that are related to ones that they’re already looking at. By automatically finding topic relationships between papers, Mendeley brings undiscovered public knowledge to the scientific masses. Scientists can now find a paper on psychology that can shed light onto network science or a math paper that can help with X-ray crystallography.
Your computer chat program ought to have this as a feature; for example, with Windows Live Messenger, I simply use the setting “Automatically keep a history of my conversations.” Getting SMS messages off your cell phone might require a little more effort. If you have a smartphone, you can get programs like SMS Exporter or SMS Cool! It is really a shame that more and more communication is being buried inside social Web sites like Facebook. I don’t believe you will want to make the effort presently required to save every single communication in your social Web sites. However, you should be sure to save some favorites, and occasionally just grab the look of your home page for your e-memory. Hopefully these sites will wise up soon and release our data from captivity. I spoke above about receiving all of your bills and statements electronically. With financial transactions, you should take this even further.
If the Quantified Self movement allows us to establish our authenticity with numbers, social networking allows us to accomplish that in subtler, seemingly more creative ways: by curating the timeline of our life, by uploading our favorite photos, by using the coolest apps on the block, by maintaining a unique social graph (Facebook speak for a set of human connections that each user has). If only one looks closely enough, one can discern how the themes of fakeness and authenticity shape Facebook’s own self-presentation. So Mark Zuckerberg claims that “the social web can’t exist until you are your real self online.” Peter Thiel, the first private investor in Facebook, contrasts the authenticity offered by Facebook—where no pseudonyms are allowed—with that of its former rival, MySpace, where everything goes. “MySpace is about being someone fake on the internet; everyone could be a movie star. [It is] very healthy that the real people have won out over the fake people,” he notes.
It’s almost the stream of all human consciousness and communication, and the products we build are just different views of that.”93 One ominous 2009 Facebook project was thus the Gross Happiness Index, a classically utilitarian attempt to measure the mood of its users by analyzing the words and phrases that they publish on their Facebook page. Another was the even creepier 2012 company study that altered the news feeds of 700,000 Facebook users to experiment with their mood swings.94 Sergey Brin’s “big circle” of data is, for Mark Zuckerberg, the recursive loop of the social Web. The more people who join Facebook, the more valuable—culturally, economically, and, above all, morally—Zuckerberg believes Facebook will become to us all. He even came up with what has become known as Zuckerberg’s law, a social variation of Moore’s law, and which suggests that each year our personal data on the network will grow exponentially. In ten years’ time, Zuckerberg told Kirkpatrick, “a thousand times more data about Facebook users will flow through the social network. . . .
Labeled the Internet’s public enemy number one for her stupid tweet, Sacco lost her job and was even accused of being a “f****** idiot” by her own father.36 Sacco will now forever be associated with this insensitive but hardly criminal tweet. Such is the nature and power of the Internet. “When you only have a small number of followers, Twitter can feel like an intimate group of pub friends,” Sophie Gadd notes about a social Web that is both unforgetting and unforgiving.37 “But it’s not. It’s no more private than shouting your conversations through a megaphone in the high street.” The dangers of the crystal republic predate George Orwell’s 1984 and twentieth-century totalitarianism. They go back to the enlightened despotism of Catherine II of Russia, the subject of Johann Baptist Lampi’s portrait hanging in Berlin’s Deutsches Historisches Museum, the David Cameron look-alike painting that had landed Sophie Gadd on page 3 of the Daily Mail.
The boulders still employ a lot of people, but the dynamic growing business is with the pebbles. Of course, the information and media businesses are right at the forefront of the transition from boulders to pebbles because the web so directly affects them. Yet even more traditional sectors will feel the pull of the pebbles in time, not least because the consumers and workforce of the near future will have grown up using the social web to search for and share ideas with one another. They will bring with them the web’s culture of lateral, semi-structured free association. This new organisational landscape is taking shape all around us. Scientific research is becoming ever more a question of organising a vast number of pebbles. Young scientists especially in emerging fields like bioinformatics draw on hundreds of data banks; use electronic lab notebooks to record and then share their results daily, often through blogs and wikis; work in multi-disciplinary teams threaded around the world organised by social networks; they publish their results, including open source versions of the software used in their experiments and their raw data, in open access online journals.
That is why We-Think culture is so powerful: the communities and social networks that the web is spawning are a vital way for people to obtain recognition from their peers for what they do, especially if that involves ideas. These communities meet a basic human need that will get stronger as we become materially richer.5 Ideas are animated when they are shared, and people are driven to share because recognition and regard can be reliably earned only from communities, networks, clans, families, religious groups, movements that are not animated by money. The social web provides people with a new way to win recognition for being a good player, programmer, film-maker, singer, composer, citizen, writer, scientist, researcher and so on. Our well-being depends on our being esteemed by people we ourselves hold in high esteem. So long as the web continues to provide a way for people to earn recognition it will continue to grow. However, this sets up a further potential conflict, however, relating to the terms on which people will be allowed to participate in these activities and how.
It was mid-July 2006, and the Valley had the feel of an amusement park that had just reopened for business. Exciting new social rides were being built on the plots that had once belonged to pet-food Web sites and other pedestrian ideas from the late nineties. And now admission was free. You simply paid in privacy by giving up your personal information for access. The new Valley had a new name too. Web 2.0! New and improved: the social Web. MySpace and Friendster were the chatter of the late-teen world, and this nascent thing called Facebook was spreading around college dorm rooms with the velocity of a common cold. Flickr, the social photo site, had recently been purchased by Yahoo! for almost forty million dollars, a small gold mine in those days. Like children mesmerized by an enigmatic snow globe, people outside the Valley were once again peering in, wondering how they could become part of this wonderland, how they could own a snow globe that, if shaken properly, would send not snowflakes but money fluttering down to land neatly in their hands.
Ev saw this and his throat tightened; he quickly pushed Oprah aside and grabbed the keyboard, frantically typing the same exact tweet in all caps and hitting “send,” his heart pounding as he heard the cameraman yell: “And we’re back in five, four, three …” At one point in the show Kutcher appeared on the screen, sitting in the same office he had been in a few hours earlier when he beat CNN to a million followers. “Congratulations!” Oprah said to him. “This is a commentary on the state of media,” Kutcher said to Oprah and the audience. “I believe that we’re at a place now with social media where one person’s voice can be as powerful as a media network. That is the power of the social Web.” He went on to explain that Twitter allowed him to control the type of images and videos that were shared about him online, specifically beating the paparazzi: He could now usurp the Us Weeklys of the world by posting pictures he had preapproved before the tabloids could. As the show went on, Oprah’s viewers started signing up for the site in droves. From Chicago to Clearwater, Modesto to Miami, Seattle to Statesboro, more people joined Twitter on that day than on any single day in the site’s history—nearly half a million people in the first twenty-four hours—and although the servers were battered, they managed to survive.
It raised over $30 million from some of the biggest names in venture capital, and had one of the slickest social web sites seen up to that time. The home page from that site, www.iexchange.com, on June 20, 2000, is shown in Figure 10.1. The business model was that the first few tastes were free, and then investor users (like H.V., J.P., and I.G. over on the right) could pay analyst users (like “The Visionary,” “Big Jim,” and “Biotech Believer” in the middle pane) a modest fee, usually just a few dollars, for new research. iExchange got a piece of every transaction. There were $25,000 monthly prizes for the best stock picks, which was supposed to keep everyone honest. The Epinions.com rating site for social web sites gave iExchange four stars, “a good place to make money.” The anonymous successful investors on the right are minting money.
It will increase the move away from advertisers talking to consumers directly and more to a two-way communication channel between a brand and its consumers. Searchers no longer have the sole expectation of searching to find information for a specific outcome when they go on the Internet, as the growth of interactions with social media shows [10]. As people spend more and more time connecting, sharing, and interacting with the social Web, they expect to interact with what they find in the search results. Time spent with the social Web involves many types of interactions with like-minded individuals in a community or network, one of which is looking for and sharing recommendations. This will be an exciting and challenging venue for sponsored search. Also, the blending with social media may introduce more push aspects to sponsored search. Keyword advertising is extremely good for converting people who are searching for information into consumers wanting to buy something.
It was the taste of the Oprah-like celebrity, something to justify the taxi ride to the Upper West Side from Midtown. Sheryl was followed by the relative noncelebrity Paul Adams, a product manager on the Ads team. Adams was making a name for himself as a Malcolm Gladwell of the brave new social media world, having published a book called Grouped: How Small Groups of Friends Are the Key to Influence on the Social Web. Like Gladwell, he had cherry-picked a few seminovel conclusions from sociological research around relationship networks, and had woven it into a grand, overarching story about the future of media and consumption, doled out in bite-size morsels that fit inside a media buyer’s brain. The net of it was that new ideas and products propagated via ever-changing social-influencer networks, and that figuring out the network, and exploiting the mutual influence of friends on one another, was the key to making your voice heard or product sold.
But if you don’t find an appealing Meetup group, you can start one yourself. The Web site will help you pick a theme, find members, make plans, and schedule your first Meetup. Fotolog: Social networking site for photo bloggers. http://www.fotolog.com Green Drinks: Meetups for people in the environmental field. http://www.greendrinks.org inCampus: Social networking service for students. http://www.incampus.com Klout: Measures influence across the social Web and allows you to track the impact of your opinions, links, and recommendations. http://klout.com LinkedIn: Service for colleagues, former colleagues, and friends to network. http://www.linkedin.com Meetup: Network of local interest groups that meet face-to-face. Users organize groups or join them. http://www.meetup.com Schoolwires: Provides online communication, Web site, and community management tools to schools.
For months afterward, Sally’s life is far more prominent than your actual relationship would indicate. She’s a “local maximum”: Though there are people whose posts you’re far more interested in, it’s her posts that you see. In part, this feedback effect is due to what early Facebook employee and venture capitalist Matt Cohler calls the local-maximum problem. Cohler was an early employee at Facebook, and he’s widely considered one of Silicon Valley’s smartest thinkers on the social Web. The local-maximum problem, he explains to me, shows up any time you’re trying to optimize something. Say you’re trying to write a simple set of instructions to help a blind person who’s lost in the Sierra Nevadas find his way to the highest peak. “Feel around you to see if you’re surrounded by downward-sloping land,” you say. “If you’re not, move in a direction that’s higher, and repeat.” Programmers face problems like this all the time.
Phil appeared on the program, speaking with Cooper about the particular lasting power of cyberbullying, which does not disappear the way a moment of “real-life bullying” might: “This person thinks, ‘I am damaged, irreparably, forever.’ And that’s the kind of desperation that leads to an act of suicide. . . . The thought of the victim is that everybody in the world has seen this. And that everybody in the world is going to respond to it like the mean-spirited person that created it.” Dinakar watched the program, figuring there must be a way to stem such cruelty, to monitor and manage unacceptable online behavior. Most social Web sites leave it to the public. Facebook, Twitter, and the like incorporate a button that allows users to “flag this as inappropriate” when they see something they disapprove of. In the age of crowdsourced knowledge like Wikipedia’s, such user-driven moderation sounds like common sense, and perhaps it is.8 “But what happens,” Dinakar explains, “is that all flagging goes into a stream where a moderation team has to look at it.
Writers and editors have begun to feel like blacksmiths and buggy-whip dealers contemplating the ascendance of the automobile. Nostalgia and artisanal pride may keep us around for a while, but nothing will ever really be the same. We must adapt or die, replacing old idioms and practices, rooted in the materialism of paper and ink, with the more abstract language of the virtual domain. We bid farewell to proofs and slugs, endnotes and front matter, and embrace feeds, hyperlinks, search engine optimization, social Web audience development, and whatever new catchphrase or concept promises to save us. We learn the vernacular of clicks and uniques and try to find a home and a voice in publications that are also publishing platforms. From one perspective—on some days—this upheaval can feel tragic, even apocalyptic. A cosmos that has existed more or less since the eighteenth century—the age of London wits and Paris philosophes—teeters on the brink of obsolescence.
Imagine completely open source approaches to doing research. Imagine a connected online web of scientific knowledge that integrates and connects data, computer code, chains of scientific reasoning, descriptions of open problems, and beyond. That web of scientific knowledge could incorporate video, virtual worlds, and augmented reality, as well as more conventional media, such as papers. And it would be tightly integrated with a scientific social web that directs scientists’ attention where it is most valuable, releasing enormous collaborative potential. In part 2 of this book we’ll explore, in concrete terms, how the era of networked science is coming about today. We’ll see, for example, how vast databases containing much of the world’s knowledge are being mined for discoveries that would elude any unaided human. We’ll see how online tools enable us to build new institutions that act as bridges between science and the rest of society in new ways, and that can help redefine the relationship between science and society.
The ﬁfth privacy interface is poorly understood and has only recently gained notice, although Nathaniel Hawthorne explained it well in The Scarlet Letter. It’s what I call “person to public.” At this interface, which is now located largely online, people have found their lives exposed, their names and faces ridiculed, and their well-being harmed immeasurably by the rapid proliferation of images, the asocial nature of much ostensibly “social” Web behavior, and the permanence of the digital record. Whereas in our real social lives we have learned to manage our reputations, the online environments in which we work and play have broken down the barriers that separate the different social contexts in which we move. On Facebook, MySpace, or YouTube, a coworker may be an online friend, fan, or critic. A supervisor could be a stalker. A parent could be a lurker.
On Apples iPod downloading headquarters, you can find more than a hundred celebrity playlists, not just those of musicians—Avril Lavigne digs Lesley Gore; Barry Manilow confesses that "Tom Waits is my favorite male singer"— but movie stars and athletes such as Sharon Stone ("Just Like a Woman") and Dale Earnhardt Jr. ("A Horse with No Name"). Elsewhere on the Net, it's common for bloggers to list favorite tunes, and on social Web sites like MySpace.com, your song preferences are the Unk that potentially binds you to new friends. On iPods themselves, this practice has been ground down to the nub. Simply handing over your iPod to a friend, your blind date, or the total stranger sitting next to you on the plane opens you up like a book. All someone needs to do is scroll through your library on that click wheel, and, musically speaking, you're naked.
Annually, in the dry season, bands congregated at the permanent waters that dotted eastern and southern Africa. Here as many as five hundred men, women, and children would mingle, chat, dine, dance, perhaps even worship together. And although a pubescent girl who saw a cute boy at the next campfire might not know him personally, her mother probably knew his aunt, or her older brother had hunted with his cousin. All were part of the same broad social web. Moreover, in the ever present gossip circles a young girl could easily collect data on a potential suitor’s hunting skills, even on whether he was amusing, kind, smart. We think it’s natural to court a totally unknown person in a bar or club. But it’s far more natural to know a few basic things about an individual before meeting him or her. Internet dating sites, chat rooms, and social networking sites provide these details, enabling the modern human brain to pursue more comfortably its ancestral mating dance.
When a schmo’s paycheck is delivered over the I-way, the number on the bottom line is plotted in his Profile, and if that schmo got it by telecommuting we know about that too—the length of his coffee breaks and the size of his bladder are an open book to us. When a schmo buys something on the I-way it goes into his Profile, and if it happens to be something that he recently saw advertised there, we call that interesting, and when he uses the I-way to phone his friends and family, we Profile Auditors can navigate his social web out to a gazillion fractal iterations, the friends of his friends of his friends of his friends, what they buy and what they watch and if there’s a correlation. So now it’s a year later. I have logged many a megaparsec across the Demosphere, I can pick out an anomalous Profile at a glance and notify my superiors. I am dimly aware of two things: (1) that my yearly Polysurf test looms, and (2) I’ve a decent chance of being promoted to Profile Auditor 2 and getting a cubicle some 25 percent larger and with my choice from among three different color schemes and four pre-approved decor configurations.
Despite the tensions between Swartz and his colleagues, Reddit attracted roughly five hundred thousand unique visitors per month.37 Although most of the site’s users probably didn’t realize it, they were Reddit’s product. Their attention and loyalty could be sold to advertisers eager to promote their goods on the site; their browsing and sharing histories could conceivably be mined for a wealth of personal information that could also be sold off. Content producers could, theoretically, even pay to have Reddit show users their stories. If attention was currency on the nascent social Web, then Reddit seemed primed for riches. The prospective acquisition presented Swartz with an existential quandary. Though he claimed to not care about money, he didn’t object to having or making it. But he wondered whether he and his colleagues actually deserved the sums under discussion. On his blog, Swartz openly questioned Reddit’s real value, recounting a conversation with an author who was astounded at the site’s popularity: “So it’s just a list of links?”
3D printing, additive manufacturing, air freight, algorithmic trading, anti-work, back-to-the-land, banking crisis, basic income, battle of ideas, blockchain, Bretton Woods, call centre, capital controls, carbon footprint, Cass Sunstein, centre right, collective bargaining, crowdsourcing, cryptocurrency, David Graeber, decarbonisation, deindustrialization, deskilling, Doha Development Round, Elon Musk, Erik Brynjolfsson, Ferguson, Missouri, financial independence, food miles, Francis Fukuyama: the end of history, full employment, future of work, gender pay gap, housing crisis, income inequality, industrial robot, informal economy, intermodal, Internet Archive, job automation, John Maynard Keynes: Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren, John Maynard Keynes: technological unemployment, late capitalism, liberation theology, Live Aid, low skilled workers, manufacturing employment, market design, Martin Wolf, mass immigration, mass incarceration, means of production, minimum wage unemployment, Mont Pelerin Society, neoliberal agenda, New Urbanism, Occupy movement, oil shale / tar sands, oil shock, patent troll, pattern recognition, Paul Samuelson, Philip Mirowski, post scarcity, postnationalism / post nation state, precariat, price stability, profit motive, quantitative easing, reshoring, Richard Florida, rising living standards, road to serfdom, Robert Gordon, Ronald Reagan, Second Machine Age, secular stagnation, self-driving car, Slavoj Žižek, social web, stakhanovite, Steve Jobs, surplus humans, the built environment, The Chicago School, The Future of Employment, Tyler Cowen: Great Stagnation, universal basic income, wages for housework, We are the 99%, women in the workforce, working poor, working-age population
The pathway towards a postcapitalist society requires a shift away from the proletarianisation of humanity and towards a transformed and newly mutable subject. This subject cannot be determined in advance; it can only be elaborated in the unfolding of practical and conceptual ramifications. There is no ‘true’ essence to humanity that could be discovered beyond our enmeshments in technological, natural and social webs.18 The idea that a post-work society would simply inculcate further mindless consumption neglects humanity’s capacity for novelty and creativity, and invokes a pessimism based upon current capitalist subjectivity.19 Likewise, the development of new needs must be distinguished from their commodification. Whereas the latter locks new desires into a profit-seeking framework that constrains human flourishing, the former denotes a real form of progress.
Web 2.0, writes Grossman, provides “a chance for people to look at a computer screen and really, genuinely wonder who’s out there looking back at them.” The cover gives Grossman’s words a wry twist, offering a much darker view of the radical personalization of culture. Peer into the cover’s computer screen and all you see looking back at you is you. In a solipsistic world, every Lonely Girl is a Great Man. DIGITAL SHARECROPPING December 19, 2006 STRIP THE HAPPY-FACE EMOTICONS from the social web, and you’re left with a sad-face truth: By putting the means of production into the hands of the masses but withholding from those same masses any ownership over the products of their work, the internet provides an incredibly efficient mechanism for harvesting the economic value of the free labor provided by the very many and concentrating it into the hands of the very few. A new analysis of web traffic, published by the blog Read Write Web, underscores the point.
Call this difference zillionics. A zillion neurons give you a smartness a million won’t. A zillion data points will give you insight that a mere hundred thousand don’t. A zillion chips connected to the internet create a pulsating, vibrating unity that 10 million chips can’t. A zillion hyperlinks will give you information and behavior you could never expect from a hundred thousand links. The social web runs in the land of zillionics. Artificial intelligence, robotics, and virtual realities all require mastery of zillionics. But the skills needed to manage zillionics are daunting. The usual tools for managing big data don’t work very well in this territory. A statistical prediction technique such as a maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) breaks down because in the realm of zillionics the maximum likely estimate becomes improbable.
Over the years, as the stakes of hacking grew, new pressures descended on the programmers who’d lived so easily in the Hack-Tic days. Postel’s motto to Be liberal in what you accept had been a byword for most of them, and it had helped the networks grow at an incredible pace, but at the price of vulnerability. Now most everyone has something to protect. No one wants to be too liberal in what they accept—the opposite, in fact. The brutal, inarguable, profitable demands of this kind of power cracked apart the unique social webs of the Hack-Tic era. The openness that we loved in so many areas of life, from our minds to our markets, has now become a liability. “I remember what the Internet was like before it was being watched, and there has never been anything in the history of man that is like it,” Edward Snowden once observed, nostalgic for the datascape he saw melt away during his time at the NSA. There is a whole new generation of young programmers who won’t ever know the original, generous ethos of a publication like Hack-Tic.
Hence our theme for this year: Web Squared. 1990–2004 was the match being struck; 2005–2009 was the fuse; and 2010 will be the explosion. Ever since we first introduced the term “Web 2.0,” people have been asking, “What’s next?” Assuming that Web 2.0 was meant to be a kind of software version number (rather than a statement about the second coming of the Web after the dot-com bust), we’re constantly asked about “Web 3.0.” Is it the semantic web? The sentient web? Is it the social web? The mobile web? Is it some form of virtual reality? It is all of those, and more. The Web is no longer a collection of static pages of HTML that describe something in the world. Increasingly, the Web is the world—everything and everyone in the world casts an “information shadow,” an aura of data which, when captured and processed intelligently, offers extraordinary opportunity and mind-bending implications.
If time, money, family, and circumstances didn’t matter, I would rather have learned about the secret of life in person in Cambridge, Massachusetts. But all of those things do matter, a lot, and I was still able to get an 87 percent. Moreover, no one is alone on the Internet if they don’t want to be. In addition to faster connections and cheaper, more powerful computers, the last decade has seen the rise of the social Web. People form deep and lasting connections with others in virtual environments. They become part of authentic communities. And as technology improves, the nature of those interactions will more closely approximate actual face-to-face meetings. The person sitting at a chair, staring at a monitor, is a cramped and increasingly archaic vision of human-computer interaction. Right now, talking to a life-size virtual image of a real person is the kind of experience you see only in the cafeteria at MIT.
This is a different kind of economy—one far more dependent on social capital than market capital. And it’s an economy that lives more on social trust rather than on anonymous market forces. Rachel Botsman, an Oxford- and Harvard-educated former consultant to GE and IBM who abandoned her career to join the new sharing economy, describes the path that led up to collaborative consumption. She notes that the social Web has passed through three phases—the first enabled programmers to freely share code; Facebook and Twitter allowed people to share their lives; and YouTube and Flickr allowed people to share their creative content. “Now we’re going into the fourth phase,” Botsman says, “where people are saying, ‘I can apply the same technology to share all kinds of assets offline, from the real world.’”29 Let me add an amplifier at this juncture: while the Communications Internet is an enabler, as it merges with the Energy Internet and the Logistics Internet in the years ahead, establishing an integrated and sharable communication, energy, and logistics infrastructure—an Internet of Things—that can operate at near zero marginal cost, it dramatically boosts the potential of the other sharable sectors, including rentals, redistribution networks, cultural exchanges, and exchanges of professional and technical skills.
Bleacher Report, a blog written by 2,000 sports fans, now has 22 million unique users each month, enough to rival Yahoo and CNN sports.204 Global Voices, an online network of 1,200 writers and editors, who are largely volunteers, scrape through the Internet to find, curate, and translate pieces (into thirty languages) that are written outside the mainstream press (what they call the ‘citizen and social web’). Scott Gant captures this new spirit in the title of his book, We’re All Journalists Now.205 New ‘digital-only’ institutions have also emerged, often with non-traditional business models. The Huffington Post is a for-profit online news platform on which anyone can submit an article, alongside paid writers. Set up in 2005, within six years it had overtaken the New York Times website in unique monthly visitors.206 ProPublica is an independent, not-for-profit online newsroom, financed by the charitable Sandler Foundation, which only conducts investigative journalism.
I was welcomed at the local university by Professor Biranchi Puhan, an old friend of Shweder’s, who gave me an office and introduced me to the rest of the psychology department, from which I recruited a research team of eager students. Within a week I was ready to begin my work, which was supposed to be a series of experiments on moral judgment, particularly violations of the ethics of divinity. But these experiments taught me little in comparison to what I learned just from stumbling around the complex social web of a small Indian city and then talking with my hosts and advisors about my confusion. One cause of confusion was that I had brought with me two incompatible identities. On one hand, I was a twenty-nine-year-old liberal atheist with very definite views about right and wrong. On the other hand, I wanted to be like those open-minded anthropologists I had read so much about and had studied with, such as Alan Fiske and Richard Shweder.
He also had a second slogan for the approach that Google had to take when competing in the social world: “Ready, fire, aim.” It sounded like a postmortem for a lost battle, he would later admit, but it was the Google way. Google set about organizing many of the web’s socially oriented companies into a major initiative that it called OpenSocial. The idea was to build a shared infrastructure where multiple websites could participate in a more social web. A user’s identity would be portable; a profile formed on one site could be used on other sites or services. While Google bore the burden of much of the programming and organization, it was careful not to label the effort as solely its own: the party line was that this was an open-source group effort that would benefit all. But as some of the major participants—MySpace, Ning, hi5, Bebo, AOL—fell into line, the biggest social site sat out the effort.
Fans can contribute money, suggestions to improve the film, or both. Rather than the filmmaker looking for a small number of wealthy investors, IndieGoGo promotes the idea of many investors providing a small amount of money each—much like the crowd funding of the Obama campaign. And much like Obama supporters, once fans donate money, they are much more committed to seeing the project succeed. They can use social Web technologies to build online buzz for the film they’ve just invested in. SnagFilms.com makes it much easier for independent documentary films to find an audience. The site currently offers for free viewing 850 full-length documentaries, from established heavyweights to first-timers.15 By streaming films worldwide, on-demand, 24-7 and with no software installation or downloading required, SnagFilms’ potential audience is huge.
In our implementation, when the VisTrails object is activated, we load the VisTrails application and allow users to open, interact with and select a pipeline that they want to insert. After they close VisTrails, the pipeline result will be shown in PowerPoint. Pipeline information is also stored with the OLE object. To enable users to freely share their results together with the associated provenance, we have created crowdLabs.7 crowdLabs is a social Web site that integrates a set of usable tools and a scalable infrastructure to provide an environment for scientists to collaboratively analyze and visualize data. crowdLabs is tightly integrated with VisTrails. If a user wants to share any results derived in VisTrails, she can connect to the crowdLabs server directly from VisTrails to upload the information. Once the information is uploaded, users can interact with and execute the workflows through a Web browser—these workflows are executed by a VisTrails server that powers crowdLabs.
First, Fowler and Christakis plotted a diagram of all known relationships in Framingham—friends, neighbors, and relatives, siblings, ex-wives, uncles, aunts—as a densely interconnected web. Viewed abstractly, the network began to assume familiar and intuitive patterns. A few men and women (call them “socializers”) stood at the epicenter of these networks, densely connected to each other through multiple ties. In contrast, others lingered on the outskirts of the social web—“loners”—with few and fleeting contacts. When the epidemiologists juxtaposed smoking behavior onto this network and followed the pattern of smoking over decades, a notable phenomenon emerged: circles of relationships were found to be more powerful predictors of the dynamics of smoking than nearly any other factor. Entire networks stopped smoking concordantly, like whole circuits flickering off.
.: “Impala: A Modern, Open-Source SQL Engine for Hadoop,” at 7th Biennial Conference on Innovative Data Systems Research (CIDR), January 2015. [42] Matthieu Monsch: “Open-Sourcing PalDB, a Lightweight Companion for Stor‐ ing Side Data,” engineering.linkedin.com, October 26, 2015. [43] Daniel Peng and Frank Dabek: “Large-Scale Incremental Processing Using Dis‐ tributed Transactions and Notifications,” at 9th USENIX conference on Operating Sys‐ tems Design and Implementation (OSDI), October 2010. [44] ““Cloudera Search User Guide,” Cloudera, Inc., September 2015. [45] Lili Wu, Sam Shah, Sean Choi, et al.: “The Browsemaps: Collaborative Filtering at LinkedIn,” at 6th Workshop on Recommender Systems and the Social Web (RSWeb), October 2014. [46] Roshan Sumbaly, Jay Kreps, Lei Gao, et al.: “Serving Large-Scale Batch Compu‐ ted Data with Project Voldemort,” at 10th USENIX Conference on File and Storage Technologies (FAST), February 2012. [47] Varun Sharma: “Open-Sourcing Terrapin: A Serving System for Batch Gener‐ ated Data,” engineering.pinterest.com, September 14, 2015. Summary | 433 [48] Nathan Marz: “ElephantDB,” slideshare.net, May 30, 2011. [49] Jean-Daniel (JD) Cryans: “How-to: Use HBase Bulk Loading, and Why,” blog.cloudera.com, September 27, 2013. [50] Nathan Marz: “How to Beat the CAP Theorem,” nathanmarz.com, October 13, 2011. [51] Molly Bartlett Dishman and Martin Fowler: “Agile Architecture,” at O’Reilly Software Architecture Conference, March 2015. [52] David J.
affirmative action, blue-collar work, collective bargaining, computer age, Computer Numeric Control, conceptual framework, data acquisition, demand response, deskilling, factory automation, Ford paid five dollars a day, fudge factor, future of work, industrial robot, information retrieval, interchangeable parts, job automation, linked data, Marshall McLuhan, means of production, old-boy network, optical character recognition, post-industrial society, RAND corporation, Shoshana Zuboff, social web, The Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith, Thorstein Veblen, union organizing, zero-sum game
Consider the case of Britain at the brink of industrialization during the second half of the eighteenth century. For all the bone-crushing labor demanded of the agricultural worker or the cottage weaver, the traditional rhythms of exertion and play were a world removed from the behavioral demands of industrial production. Work patterns were irregular, alternating between intense effort and idleness. Most work activities emanated from the home, and the distractions of the family, the taverns, and the social web of the community limited any undivided commitment to work. Cottage workers, upon whom most textile production depended, were relatively impervious to the middleman's demand for heightened productivity. Their inclination to physical exertion was guided more by their own immediate needs than by acquisitive ambitions. Throughout the eighteenth century, the British Parliament passed legislation requir- ing ever-shorter turnaround times for finished goods from domestic workers and imposing increasingly severe sanctions on those who did not comply.
Alloloaders are good friends with ankylodumps and are known for their ability to shred other trux with their saw tail.Alloloaders also can eat Scraptors and Scraptools which makes them useful for Reptools otherwise they throw them in a volcano. Diet: Scraptors and ore. Notable Alloloaders: Scoop , Lift and Bronta.
For today's post I'm sharing a clean & simple holiday card, featuring geometrics shapes and non- traditional holiday colors.
I've used a stamp set from Whimsy Stamps called Tremendous Triangles, it has three different sizes of triangles and I've used the smallest ones to create my holiday trees. I stamped them using dye inks and then I used Distress inks for the splatters. The sentiment was stamped using gray ink.
This is such a bright and fun Christmas Card! I love the colors you've chosen, the geometric design of the tree images, and all those wonderful spatters. Thanks so much for sharing this wonderful CAS holiday card with us at Time Out.
Oh fabulous! Love your bright and funky triangular Christmas trees. Thanks for playing at AAA Cards.
A cute, contemporary Christmas design, Raquel ... and so much fun with those bright colours and splendid splatters! Thanks so much for playing along with us at Time Out! Anita :)
Unique and fun Christmas card, Raquel. I love your color choices and all of the geometric designs. Thanks for playing along at AAA Cards.
FABulous card..love the clean and simple look..Thank you so much for sharing and joining in with us at CCAYR...[ Christmas Crafts All Year Round]
Beautiful!!! Thanks so much for participating in our CHRISTMAS CRAFTS ALL YEAR ‘ROUND challenge. Hope you participate in our next challenge!! Have a happy crafty day!!!
This is a placeholder page for Mary Toole, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Mary Toole.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Mary Toole. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Mary Toole. We created this page automatically in hopes Mary Toole would find it. If you are not Mary Toole, but are an alumni of Florala High School, register on this site for free now.
Roses --- Orchids --- Bleeding Hearts --- Tulips --- Lilies --- Daisies --- Carnations --- Sunflowers --- Daffodils --- Hibiscus --- Petunia --- Blossoms --- Columbines --- Pansies --- Morning Glories --- Iris --- Marigolds --- Gardenia --- Hydrangea --- Nasturtium --- Strawflowers --- Geraniums --- Snapdragons --- Canna --- Poppies --- Crocus --- Four O'Clocks --- Calla lily --- Dahlia --- Azaleas --- Fuchsia --- Cleome --- Chrysanthemum --- Lily of the Nile --- Thistle --- Oleander --- Stargazer Lily --- Gerbera Daisy --- African Daisy --- Mums --- Black Eyed Susan --- Shasta Daisy --- Oriental Lily --- Lilac --- Waterlilies --- Gazania --- Evening Primrose --- Hyacinth --- Sun Plant --- Winter Flowers
That is why bitcoins will rise in value over time if the trend of increasing consumer adoption continues.People who ask this question often have a misunderstanding of bitcoin.
Find all you need to know and get started with Bitcoin on bitcoin.org.Whether beginner or professional these 5 easy steps will help you trade bitcoins for profit and learn different strategies.
The amount of money transferred does not affect the fee, so you can transfer huge amounts at a low fee.Anyone can buy bitcoins and transfer them to anyone in the world.
The bitcoin.org website has a summary of the various wallet options.Learn how to buy bitcoins for the first time, from the right wallets and exchanges to spending Bitcoin the smart way.
Yes you can continue to use your old address as many times as you like.Dirk Merkel continues his introduction to Bitcoin with a look at the Bitcoin network as a system.
Understanding Bitcoin requires that we understand the limits of our ability to imagine the future that the market can create for us. Bitcoin is an innovative payment network and a new kind of money.If you want to know more about how bitcoin works please read this article.Bitcoin mining is done with specialized devices called ASICs on an industrial scale in data centers.Fractions of a coin are bought and sold at the same rate as a whole coin.So you can buy bitcoin from localbitcoins and then exchange those for ripple and ethereum.Each coin can be divided into 100 million pieces i.e. to 8 decimal places.
On August 1st this year (2017) there is a chance Bitcoin will experience a chain-split.Bitcoin Beginner: A Step By Step Guide To Buying, Selling And Investing In Bitcoins - Kindle edition by Sam Patterson. They offer tremendous investment opportunities in the months and years to come.Bitcoin For Beginner, aka BTC4BUY The only way to gain btc easy and know how to work this new economy.Bitcoin, a digital currency has an account value and huge demand in the market. There is more than enough divisibility for a global currency.There are many different electronic payment systems, but Bitcoin is special because of these features: Bitcoin transactions cannot be censored.
Bitcoin makes transferring your money incredibly easy, but that ease comes with certain risks.Bitcoin is a digital currency that is stored nowhere and everywhere on something called the Blockchain. People mine them, hype them up and then sell them off for a quick profit at the expense of others.
Well, this video will go over Bitcoin mining and show you how to set up Bitcoin Mining Software on your computer.Each bitcoin can be divided into 100 million pieces i.e. to 8 decimal places.Once you have your bitcoins though you are totally unrestricted as to what you can do with them.Eventually transaction fees will be all that miners get for their work.Create your free digital asset wallet today at Blockchain.info.Earlier I had written a list of the Top 5 easiest ways to buy bitcoin.When the mining craze of BTC and LTC started the Cryptocurrencies were.Bitstamp, bitfinex and btc-e all support Pakistani customers.
The final step in total forgiveness is the hardest one. It requires a supernatural amount of God’s grace and a little time. Total forgiveness ultimately requires us to pray for the one who has offended, hurt, or wounded us. “No way!” you may be thinking, “That just too hard! I have been praying since this happened that God would get them—that he would give them what they deserve—that he would judge them for all the pain I have endured. Hey, the shepherd David prayed that way, so why can’t I?”
Jesus put it this way in Matthew 5:43-45a: “You have heard that it was said, ‘you shall love your neighbor, and hate your enemy.’ But I say to you, love your enemies, and pray for those who persecute you in order that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven…”
Jesus said to pray for them. No one else will know—just you and God. Try it and feel the freedom as it pours into your soul. Ask God to forgive them, bring them to repentance, and eventually to salvation. Ask God to bless them and yes—even prosper them. This will be very, very tough at first. You may have to go slow, but go no matter what.
There is a progression you can follow that might help you do this. First, pray out of duty. God says do it, so obey. Next, pray out of debt because you understand what Christ did for you. As you do these two things, you will eventually begin to pray out of desire—because you want to. As you obey, God will change your heart and give you his love for the offender. This will soon lead you to pray with delight as love and joy take control. And eventually, your prayers for that person will achieve durability—it will become second nature.
When this happens total forgiveness has occurred. The offense, the wound, or the hurt has been fully healed.
This is a process—something you must choose to do every day. Get ready, the devil will do his best to stir up those old emotions, to convince you to replay the event in your mind, to have a pity party, feel sorry for yourself, and allow the bitterness to creep back in. You must stay vigilant. Remember—forgiveness always comes with a cost. It will cost you a great deal, but the freedom it purchases is priceless!
The process of forgiveness gets harder, humanly speaking, the deeper it goes. But, the good news is God will give us the ability and the power to do what he requires if we will simply obey. The last few steps don’t happen overnight, but they can happen if we will place our pain in his hands and trust his heart to fully heal us.
The next step is to start seeing the person who has offended or hurt us through God’s eyes. This means whenever we see that person or hear their name, we refuse to allow what is past to rule the present. This means we must remind ourselves over and over we have forgiven this person.
Very often when someone has hurt you, it is normal to have certain physical reactions like anger, fear, sweating, dread, nervousness, or a churning stomach when we see or think about that person. Our soul is afraid to go where our spirit wants to lead. So it reacts by creating physical issues we are forced to deal with. We must bring these reactions under the truth of God’s Word and his Holy Spirit. That person is no longer our enemy. We must remind ourselves that the offender is also made in the image and the likeness of God. That person is someone God created and Jesus died for. We must remind ourselves of that as often as it takes.
Over time, the feelings we experience will subside and come under the authority of the truth. We have forgiven that person, therefore we don’t have to be filled with fear, or dread, or whatever the emotion.
On note here—forgiving does not mean you have to be that person’s bosom buddy or friend ever again. It simply means that person is no longer your enemy. You don’t have to resume a relationship but you must release them to God. This happens as you begin to see them through God’s eyes.
The first step has been taken. Now the final steps are achieved through our obedience and God’s empowering grace. This process will seem insurmountable at first glance, but as you surrender God will bring each step in the process to fruition.
Total forgiveness requires us to make a conscious decision every day not to publicize the offense. That means we will no longer share it with every person who comes along. No more telling our story to the poor guy behind us in the Wal-Mart checkout line. No more posting tidbits of it on Facebook or as a prayer request at church. (The exception to this is sharing it with a trusted counselor who is an instrument of God’s healing.) We choose to no longer verbally crucify the offender for what they’ve done no matter how many chances we get.
Talking to everyone who comes along simply will not help. “But it helps me get it out,” you may be thinking. No, it only makes you think you are getting some measure of revenge or justice by telling everyone about it. It gets a little pity here and there, but we don’t need pity, we need healing. All it really does is cause our mind and soul to re-live the event over and over—like scratching a scab off a wound that has started to heal. That wound will never heal if the process is interrupted over and over with the scratching nails of gossip and condemnation. This is a choice we make, but God empowers. It is a daily partnership.
Total forgiveness is also a commitment never to use what was done to us against that person in the future. We choose not to punish that person any longer—to release the guilt for the offense. This means they no longer owe us anything. The offender has been forgiven—the penalty, the guilt, the debt, and the condemnation are released—gone! When God forgives us—the offense is no longer sin. The guilt, penalty, and condemnation of our sin is gone (this is the meaning of “no condemnation” in Romans 8:1). A forgiven person is no longer guilty. Therefore we must stop dredging the old offense up over and over.
This step is tough, but we have Jesus as our example. This is the way he forgave us on the cross. Our sin flogged his body, its malignancy nailed his hands and feet to the cross, and the awful weight of it crushed his life out drop by drop. In that moment, his words were both simple and profound—“Father forgive them, they don’t know what they are doing.”
Note: the information below is a general guide only. The arrangements, and the way tests are performed, may vary between different hospitals. Always follow the instructions given by your doctor or local hospital.
Thyroid scans and uptake tests use small doses of radioactive chemicals to create special pictures of the thyroid gland. These pictures can help doctors to look at the structure of the thyroid and assess how well it is working.
The thyroid is a gland found in the neck. Its main function is to make hormones. Hormones are chemicals which are released into the bloodstream. They act as messengers, affecting cells and tissues in distant parts of your body. Thyroid hormones affect the body's metabolic rate and the levels of certain minerals in the blood.
(For more information on how the thyroid works see separate leaflet called The Thyroid and Parathyroid Glands.
Thyroid scans and uptake tests use special chemicals called radionuclides. A radionuclide (sometimes called a radioisotope or isotope) is a chemical which emits a type of radioactivity called gamma rays. In these tests a tiny amount of radionuclide is put into the body, usually by an injection into a vein. (Sometimes it is swallowed, depending on the test.)
There are different types of radionuclides. Different ones tend to collect or concentrate in different organs or tissues. So, the radionuclide used depends on which part of the body is to be scanned. To test the thyroid gland, radioactive iodine is used. This is because the thyroid gland uses iodine to make certain hormones in the body. So, when the radioactive iodine is given, it is quickly taken up by the tissues of the thyroid gland.
Cells which are most active in the target tissue or organ will take up more of the radionuclide. So, active parts of the tissue will emit more gamma rays than less active or inactive parts.
Gamma rays are similar to X-rays and are detected by a device called a gamma camera. The gamma rays which are emitted from inside the body are detected by the gamma camera. The gamma rays are then converted into an electrical signal and sent to a computer. The computer builds a picture by converting the different intensities of radioactivity emitted into different colours or shades of grey.
For example, areas of the target organ or tissue which emit lots of gamma rays may be shown as red spots ('hot spots') on the picture on the computer monitor. Areas which emit low levels of gamma rays may be shown as blue ('cold spots'). Various other colours may be used for in-between levels of gamma rays emitted.
Doctors may use the term 'thyroid scan' to mean a test that includes a scan of the thyroid structure and a test of how well the thyroid works. In a thyroid scan doctors are generally looking at the size, shape and structure of the thyroid gland. A thyroid uptake test checks how well the gland is working. Both tests are based on the same principles and use the same equipment, just in slightly different ways.
Help diagnose problems with the thyroid gland, such as an overactive thyroid gland (hyperthyroidism), cancer or other growths.
In a thyroid scan you will either swallow a dose of the radioactive iodine or have an injection of the chemical into a vein. The injection is usually given a short time before the test is due to be done. The capsule or liquid form is usually given approximately 24 hours before the test is due to begin.
If you are given an injection, it may make you feel slightly warm and flushed. These feelings should pass fairly quickly.
When it is time to take the images, you will be asked to lie on an examination table with your head tipped back. The gamma camera will then take a series of images, capturing pictures of the thyroid gland from different angles. You will need to remain still for brief periods of time while the camera is taking pictures.
When the scanning is completed, you may be asked to wait until the images have been checked in case additional images are needed. Occasionally, more images are needed to get better views of certain areas or structures. This does not necessarily mean there was a problem or that something abnormal was found. You will not be exposed to more radiation during this process.
A thyroid uptake scan is carried out in a very similar way to the scan described above. The main difference is that the scan may be repeated at different times over a 24-hour period. This allows doctors to see how the iodine gets taken up by the thyroid over a certain time period.
Your local hospital should give you specific information to help you prepare for these tests. As these tests involve a small amount of radiation, pregnant women should not have them. Let your doctor know if you are, or think you could be, pregnant. You should also let your doctor know if you are breast-feeding.
You may be asked to have some blood tests which help to check the function of the thyroid gland (see separate leaflet called Thyroid Function Tests for more information). You should let your doctor know if you are taking any medications or supplements which have iodine in them. This can include things like heart medications, kelp, seaweed or cough syrups. Your doctor may also ask you to stop taking certain medications for a few days before the test. It is usually necessary to stop eating for a few hours before these tests. Your hospital should be able to give you advice on this.
Thyroid scans and uptake tests do not generally cause any after effects. Through the natural process of radioactive decay, the small amount of radioactive chemical in your body will lose its radioactivity over time. It may also pass out of your body through your urine or poo (faeces) during the first few hours or days following the test. You may be instructed to take special precautions after urinating, to flush the toilet twice and to wash your hands thoroughly.
If you have contact with children or pregnant women you should let your doctor know. Although the levels of radiation used in the scan are small, they may advise special precautions. Your hospital should give you more advice on this.
The term 'radioactivity' may sound alarming. But, the radioactive chemicals used in radionuclide scans are considered to be safe, and they leave the body quickly. The dose of radiation that your body receives is very small. In many cases, the level of radiation involved is not much different to a series of a few normal X-rays. However:
As with any other types of radiation (such as X-ray), there is a small risk that the gamma rays may affect an unborn child. So, tell your doctor if you are pregnant or if you may be pregnant.
Theoretically, it is possible to receive an overdose when the chemical is injected. This is very rare.
Some medical conditions may interact with Lactase Chewable Tablets. Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have any medical conditions, especially if any of the following apply to you:
Some MEDICINES MAY INTERACT with Lactase Chewable Tablets. However, no specific interactions with Lactase Chewable Tablets are known at this time.
This may not be a complete list of all interactions that may occur. Ask your health care provider if Lactase Chewable Tablets may interact with other medicines that you take. Check with your health care provider before you start, stop, or change the dose of any medicine.
Use Lactase Chewable Tablets as directed by your doctor. Check the label on the medicine for exact dosing instructions.
Lactase Chewable Tablets are not recommended for use in CHILDREN younger than 4 years of age. Safety and effectiveness in this age group have not been confirmed.
PREGNANCY and BREAST-FEEDING: It is unknown if Lactase Chewable Tablets may cause harm to the fetus. If you become pregnant while taking Lactase Chewable Tablets, discuss with your doctor the benefits and risks of using Lactase Chewable Tablets during pregnancy. It is unknown if Lactase Chewable Tablets are excreted in breast milk. If you are or will be breast-feeding while you are taking Lactase Chewable Tablets, check with your doctor or pharmacist to discuss the risks to your baby.
All medicines may cause side effects, but many people have no, or minor, side effects. When used in small doses, no COMMON side effects have been reported with Lactase Chewable Tablets. Seek medical attention right away if any of these SEVERE side effects occur:
Severe allergic reactions (rash; hives; difficulty breathing; tightness in the chest; swelling of the mouth, face, lips, or tongue).
This is not a complete list of all side effects that may occur. If you have questions about side effects, contact your health care provider. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088. You may also report side effects at http://www.fda.gov/medwatch.
Store Lactase Chewable Tablets at room temperature, between 68 and 77 degrees F (20 and 25 degrees C). Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Brief storage at temperatures between 59 and 86 degrees F (15 and 30 degrees C) is permitted. Keep Lactase Chewable Tablets out of the reach of children and away from pets.
If you have any questions about Lactase Chewable Tablets, please talk with your doctor, pharmacist, or other health care provider.
Lactase Chewable Tablets are to be used only by the patient for whom it is prescribed. Do not share it with other people.
This information is a summary only. It does not contain all information about Lactase Chewable Tablets. If you have questions about the medicine you are taking or would like more information, check with your doctor, pharmacist, or other health care provider.
Darien Little League is offering fall softball pitcher, catcher and hitting clinics for players in grades 3-8 who are participating in the upcoming Spring season. A summary of available programs is shown below. Don't wait!
There are a limited number of participants for each session and registration will be handled on a first come, first served basis. To register your player, go to dybs.org, click the Register Online tab on the left and scroll to find the Winter/Fall Softball Clinics section. All clinics will be held at the McGuane batting cages. In the event we cannot get enough players to have a particular session, clinic fees will be refunded. Any questions, please contact Akshay Das ( ).
Get your relationship questions answered and your love life sizzling. start your love reading now. Free My Daughter Porn Clips submitted at Sex Tube Box, My I do not hook up traduzione Sex Videos, We have 2 pages Juicy My Daughter Videos, 1-249 of 390 Sex Tube Movies Directed by Maurice Elvey. With Claude Rains, Fay Wray, Mary Clare, Ben Field.
A fake music-hall clairvoyant meets a woman, and suddenly his predictions seem to come. As an experiment I set up accounts on i do not hook up traduzione of the more popular free dating websites, then spoke to some women about their experiences. Heres what happened. There's a lot of stuff on the aries woman dating a taurus man about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process.
You can argue that a full time, on-call 24 hours a day parent, puts in waayyy more than 10,000 hours. Were with our kids all the time (good grief, in just one year. A list of ten tips to optimize your online dating experience. This is the double-edged sword of online dating. You have far best dating sites single parents access to singles than ever before. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's.
With over 7,500 hours of coaching exclusively gay men over 40, Paul found the magic bullet for commited gay dating and relationships. Start today. Princeton High School (PHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Princeton, New Jersey, United States, operating as … We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Comprehensive guide to Obstetric prenatal ultrasound. Covers all aspects of sonography in pregnancy and the fetus. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Jun 12, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Click here to watch the TEDTalk that inspired this post. When I saw that Gary had called, I was thrilled. Since going on one Match. com date, I'd awaited. How do you move from casual dating to serious relationship. I answer your dating Q's, and explain exactly how to turn your casual fling into a serious thing Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert In our in-depth oral history, Digital Underground members recall Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee Tupac Shakur's wild early days with the group. Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. How can you detect fakes or scammers i do not hook up traduzione a dating app. Learn more about romance scam, dating safety, and get i do not hook up traduzione dating tips for the first date. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby idol dating ban people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. UniRelo provides services for shipping to India from USA by sea amp; air freight. Shipping to India services are inclusive of FREE insurance and FREE storage. Below is a list of Bradford Literary Hook up virginia beach published clients writing children's and young adult top cougar dating websites. Note: due to pseudonyms, author photos may apply to more. One of my most admired Australian institutions is Sydney-based, car rental company, Bayswater. Its a no-nonsense business that lives up to its i do not hook up traduzione of providing. Oct 10, 2013nbsp;0183;32;After six years and your dating my ex jokes of i do not hook up traduzione confections, it wasnt the economy, the stiff competition, financing, or any of the other usual road bumps of. TheMpeg. i do not hook up traduzione All categories of stream sex videos amp; porn movies. 169; Thempeg. com, 2017. Disclaimer: Thempeg. com hook up mobile9 zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. Dec 11, 2014nbsp;0183;32;The proliferation of research and literature about the sexual and marital habits of Millennials is staggering. Research indicates a casual or. I do not hook up traduzione dialup access in the United States and in Canada. Accounts include email, webmail, and instant messaging compatibility. Where is the best place to meet a quality, relationship-oriented man. Im really open to everything you say, Evan, but I never meet any good men. I hear ya. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Really, these worms can live to be very, very old-their lifespan is probably higher than 250 years, the scientists write. While this is just an estimate, the. May 12, 2017nbsp;0183;32;TransSingle. TransSingle. com is a transgender dating site that helps the trans community all over the world find a serious relationship. If youre a. According to statistics, about 40 million Americans use online dating websites and the age of these users range from young to old. So, more and more people use online. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. Edit Article wiki How to Get a Boyfriend in High School. Three Parts: Meeting People Navigating Dating Maintaining a Relationship Community Qamp;A. High school can be … About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving.
Get all the hottest Daily Pop videos, clips, interviews, and exclusives here. Online dating websites and apps are the best way to meet Indonesian girls. Click to find out what are the 10 most popular in the country in 2017. This bibliography is intended to embrace all fields relevant to Lollard studies. It therefore includes texts and studies about the literary, historical, cultural, and. Title Length Color Rating : The Cost Effectiveness of Online Education - Many people think online education can be more expensive than a traditional school setting. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. quot;MONSTER BLACK COCK DATEquot;!!. My husband Terry has always had a fantasy about me being fucked by a black man, especially in the back of a van for some reason. If the guy is so ashamed to tell his family that he is dating a gaijin, drop him. His small penis will not give you any pleasure anyway. It is not like they are. Reddit best dating website at Boston University i need a dating girl deceased football players brains released new findings earlier this week on the gay dating app jackd connection i do not hook up traduzione the athletes. Free dating sites on long island for the best over 60 dating i do not hook up traduzione for singles over 60 amp; 70. Check our reviews of the top over 60 dating websites to find the most effective one. Resources and advice to help lesbians, gays, bisexual, transgender, intersex, questioning and queers of all shapes and i do not hook up traduzione, navigate through dating, politics, health. Original grand rapids mi speed dating sexy application sports apps for android information apps android adnroid market app search free adult games download for android http:erotic. apps. Archives i do not hook up traduzione online dating and rejection articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. Breaking science and technology news from around the world. Exclusive stories and expert analysis on space, technology, health, physics, life and Earth Dec dating agent, 2007nbsp;0183;32;The phrase guilty pleasure has long outlived its usefulness. If you really like a song or a movie or a TV show, no matter how cheesy the conventional. New York City | United States GDaddyapp. com is the first and largest Gay dating sites for Sugar Daddies and Sugar Babies in the world. If you are one of those wealthy and successful men that are. The best online dating sites in Ukraine are equal in quality to the best online dating sites in Russia. Dating in Ukraine can be quite fruitful if you have patience. Even if you happened to land at Indian Hotel Xxx Fuck Porn for the first time in search of a hot Hotel xxx video, you will enjoy surfing the fascinating free Indian. You may never know you're dating an insecure man until it's too late. Find out if they're worth dating and how you can spot an insecure man here.
Com Your worldwide friends in Thai dating- Thousands of beautiful. Josh Brolin gushed exclusively to Trzduzione Weekly about married best dating app for android 2012 with Kathryn Dating an older guy meme get the details. Our reviews help you find the sites that give the best sex hookups with the o ladies. We'll also show you how to avoid scams and fake hookup dating sites.
Cheryl Fernandez-Versini (formerly Cheryl Cole) is known for her love of tattoos. The pop singer and former Girls I do not hook up traduzione member has a large tattoo covering her entire. Pickmere Guest House is a Georgian grade ll listed building dating dating vocabulary to 1772, originally built as a farmhouse, it was the largest of its kind in Cheshire. Daddy Swap. Dear Yeti, I recently found out that I am three months pregnant.
The problem is that my boyfriend and I have only been dating for two months. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Dating can be hard when you're big, but it doesn't have to be. in fact, you may find that you have a better chance for finding love than you'd hook believe. Principal Translations: Spanish: English: salir vi verbo intransitivo: Verbo que no requiere de un objecto directo (201;l no lleg243;quot;, quot;corr237; a casaquot;).
(pasar de. 49 comments to Jackie Chans Illegitimate 11 Year-Old Daughter Returns to Hong Kong NEW for 2017 Click here for 5 types of Online Dating Headlines that SNAG Attention [With the Top 25 Examples] Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to write you or to respond to your first message to them. Jan 18, 2012nbsp;0183;32;It started our innocently enough.
Brian had been divorced for three years when he filled out the cumbersome eHarmony profile. Looking through all the pro. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get i do not hook up traduzione levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. I dont do the reality tv thing, but I know about Porsha I do not hook up traduzione.
Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. Sometime in the late fourth century a Roman by the name of Silvianus visited the Celtic temple dedicated to a healing god, Nodens, located on a hill above the River. Dec 18, 2015nbsp;0183;32;While many of the new jobs created since the Great Recession are low-paying retail and restaurant positions with no benefits and little chance of. Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. quot;The Heirsquot; depicts the friendships, rivalries and love lives of young, rich heirs led by Kim Tan (Lee Min-Ho) and a girl named Cha Eun-Sang (Park Shin-Hye). Unlike. TS DATING SITES REVIEWS. FindaShemaleLover. com (5 5) This is not just a great TS dating site, but it is one of the very best adult dating sites out there. Express Helpline- Get answer of your question fast from real experts. The parents of children who were killed in the Sandy Hook Elementary School of free dating sites are outraged after new NBC host Megyn Kelly taped an interview with InfoWars host. Is Dating Really Important. Index For This Page: I wish this i do not hook up traduzione was unnecessary. Because of the distortions and lies spread by good reasons to start dating about scientific. Con artists scam victims on online dating websites out of thousands. Heres one womans story of losing her retirement savings to kiki dating guide scammer. When checking the communication with Russian ladies that men send me, I do not hook up traduzione ask men where they found their lady, and i do not hook up traduzione made the first move. This site is often mentioned. Chelsea Lynette Maryann Anne Houska was a High school senior from Vermillion, South Dakota. She. As with many other dream symbols, to see a murder, or dream of killing someone may not truly mean that i do not hook up traduzione events will come to i do not hook up traduzione. If you are wondering why you should have an is joining a dating site cheating pregnancy scan, why not take a look at this video where one of our consultants, Dr. Shane Higgins, explains clearly. Now, I love Chinese food. I mean, who doesnt. Weird people who dont like lots of soy sauce and yummy carbs like rice and rice noodles. But what have the Sep 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The great K-ent baby bump watch of 2017 continues as it heads towards the final stretch in both the final calendar quarter and also many expecting. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. Music streaming service Spotify no longer officially supports Apples Safari browser, and Safari users who attempt to access it say they are being redirected to use. find Love and Companionship on the Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as well as tips and advice to help you get the most. Sex Dating Sites Sydney NSW Meet sexy Aussie singles, men and women for casual sex, affairs and fun.
Kyle has mended Lily’s broken heart, and as they have fallen in love, all she dreams of is finally having her happily ever after.
But as time goes on, Lily can no longer ignore the desire to know more about Kyle's past. When she learns more, she will discover if she can heal Kyle’s heartache as he has done for her.
Mark Stevens, a popular media commentator on a host of business matters including marketing, branding, management, and sales is known for delivering business insights with blunt truths and unconventional wisdom. Steven’s wildly successful blog, Unconventional Thinking, is ranked among “Top 10 Marketing Blogs in the World.”
The Oklahoma City Thunder were on the wrong side of history on July 4, 2016 when superstar Kevin Durant decided to leave the team to join an already established superstar team, the Golden State Warriors. The question after that was, “What’s next?” Well, the Thunder didn’t do much in the summer of 2016 after losing Durant. They traded Serge Ibaka about a week or so prior to the Orlando Magic for Victor Oladipo and the 11th overall pick of the 2016 NBA draft (Domantas Sabonis) leaving an offensive juggernaut and star studded player in Russell Westbrook all by himself with not much help.
The starting lineup for most of the year for the Thunder was Westbrook, Victor Oladipo, Andre Roberson, Sabonis and Steven Adams. This left Westbrook with the green light to do anything he wanted at any given time on the court. And man did he take advantage of being the only star on the court. Westbrook finished the season with the MVP award averaging 31.6 ppg, 10.7 rpg, and 10.4 apg while carrying his team to a 47-35 record and losing in the first round of the playoffs 4-1 against the Houston Rockets.
After a disappointing ending to the 2016-2017 season, the Thunder had the same question, “What’s next?” It, again, was a hard question. Before the previous season had ended, the Thunder’s main focus point was to lock up Westbrook in a huge contract but the talks never seemed to get too serious throughout the summer and it kind of led the fan base, and rest of the NBA, to think that Westbrook might want out of OKC too. But June 30, 2016 came around and the tweet heard around the world was said by ESPN’s Ramona Shelburne. “Paul George has been traded to OKC, per sources”. Paul George was traded from the Pacers to OKC for Victor Oladipo and Domantis Sabonis. Weeks before this, news had broke that the Indiana Pacers star no longer wanted to be in Indianapolis, even showing heavy interest in joining the Los Angeles Lakers. This gave many fans hope in having a team that could make a push in the playoffs and wanting to make Westbrook resign with the Thunder. But was it going to put them over the top of the defending champion Warriors. Most likely, no.
But, nonetheless, it was still exciting to hear that the Thunder had another star besides Westbrook on their team and how it would work out. But the Thunder were not done making moves yet. During most of the 2016-2017 season, another offensive star, Carmelo Anthony, was being heard about in the trade rumor department after having a feud with the, then, President of Basketball Operations of the New York Knicks, Phil Jackson, It was surprising Anthony finished the entire season without being traded but finally got his wish on September 23 when Anthony was traded to OKC for Doug McDermott, Enes Kanter, and a future pick.
The NBA and its fanbase exploded again after hearing yet again that the Thunder acquired another star. Even Westbrook was excited about this because six days after Anthony joined the team, he signed a 5 year $205 million dollar extension to stay with the squad. Many people believed this put them right under, if not, even, with the Warriors to compete for a title and put them in position to have a fantastic season.
It is December 1 and we are 20 games into the 2017-2018 NBA season and the Thunder have shown flashes of what they can be if they figure it out, but on most nights, they have looked like an average team having just 8 wins and 12 losses ranking 9th in the western conference. It is worth noting that with only one superstar last year, the Thunder went 12-8 through the first 20 games. A scary stat about the month of November for the Thunder is that they finished with 4 wins and 9 losses in the month which was the worst record the Thunder had in a month since 2009. The Thunder finished 23-59 that season. The record alone should leave people wondering, “What’s Wrong?”. Well, there are many things wrong with the Thunder just 20 games into this anticipated season.
Their Bench- Besides the very solid lineup of, Westbrook, Roberson, George, Anthony, and Adams, the Thunder have Raymond Felton, Alex Abrines, Kyle Singler, Patrick Patterson, Jerami Grant, Terrance Ferguson, and Dakari Johnson as the main backups for their starting lineup. These are names that don’t really pop out, let alone be talked about on the scouting report. This bench is what leaves a huge gap between the Thunder and the Warriors if they want to be able to beat them in a 7 game playoff series. Having such an abysmal bench has to have the Thunder play their superstars more minutes.
Westbrook is averaging 35.3 minutes per game (while only averaging 34.6 in his MVP season), George is averaging 36.9 mpg, while the oldest of the big 3 at age 33 Anthony is averaging 32.5 minutes per game leaving their stars tired at the end of games and, like we have seen many times
this season, unable to finish close games. The Thunder’s highest scorer off the bench is Jerami Grant, who is averaging 8.6 points in 22.5 minutes per game. This is not going to cut it, especially since besides the big 3 in the starting lineup are 2 heavy defensive men in Roberson and Adams who perspectively average 4.7 and 12.0 ppg.
A player I would like to see the Thunder go after is Lou Williams, the shooting guard on the Los Angeles Clippers. Lou Williams would be an instant bonus for any team, let alone the Thunder. Williams won the 6th man of the year award back in 2015 and is an excellent ball handler, free throw shooter (89.7% this year), shooter in general from close range, mid range, and 3 point range, and can also create his own shot with ease.
I wouldn’t be surprised if the Clippers make him available because of the chances he might want to leave the because of the Blake Griffin, Patrick Beverley, and Milos Teodosic injuries and how the team is most likely going to take a hard it in the win column.
Efficiency- The Thunder are shooting a terrible 43.7 field goal percentage this year, which is 28th out of 30 teams in the association only head of the Dallas Mavericks and Chicago Bulls. Their 3 point percentage is also not good which is at 34.6%, 25th in the league. The Thunder also aren’t great at free throw shooting which they are 25th in the league in that category at 73.2%. These offensive numbers need to make a huge turn around, but their defensive numbers have been very good. The Thunder are 10th in the league at defending opponents at the 3 point line holding their opponents to 35.6% from beyond the arc. And from overall field goal percentage, the Thunder are 7th in the league holding opposing teams to an average of shooting 44.7% per
game. It is very odd that the Thunder have very good defensive stats but still are only looking from the outside of a playoff spot. If the team is able to change their offense, which is my next point on why they are struggling, then they should be looking like the team everybody expected them to be.
Offensive Flow- With a big 3 of offensive minded stars, it was very predictable, and very easy to see a lot of iso/hero ball type of plays set up for each of the stars. And the numbers show it. The Thunder are 1st in the league in pull up 2 point jumpers, which is high regarded as one of , if not the, worst shot you can take in a basketball game. Most of the time, these pull up jumpers come off of no ball movement, and pure isolation which leads teammates to just standing around, having little to no ball movement, and having players with no rhythm.
The Thunder also rank 29th in passes per possession, which backs up the 2 point pull up jumpers theory. Another stat that proves the pull up jumper theory is that the Thunder rank in the bottom 25 in distance traveled per game. There are barely any passes, leaving player standing around, barely and screen and, in general, plays be drawn up from the coach.
And a final stat is that the Thunder rank 27th in the NBA in drives per game, which makes it easier for teams to just sit with them and guard the perimeter, leaving the opponents with a lot of energy.
Russell Westbrook- In no way am I saying Westbrook is the cause of these troubles or the worst of the big 3, because I think Anthony is, but I think Westbrook needs to go back to that
killer MVP instinct. Just because he has two other stars on his team does not mean he has to put less pressure on the gas. It means he has to put more because more teams are now coming after them. Westbrook averaged 31.6 ppg, 10.7 rpg, and 10.4 apg last season. He is still putting up very good numbers averaging 22.4 ppg, 9.2 rpg, and 9.5 apg. I have no problem with the rebounding and the assisting, but he needs to bring that dog back in him and be that scorer on his team. It is understandable that he would want to share the ball more with his other star teammates to make them feel comfortable and have them want to stay for the future, but he needs to show he is the leader of the team and also bring out the killer instinct in all of his teammates.
Although this team seems to have many things wrong with it, these problems are fixable in many ways. I just think most of their problems are in their heads and they need some tweaking from the coaching staff on their players.
Personally, I don’t think the Thunder will continue to do poorly and I expect the team to go to the Western Conference Finals, unless they are matched up with the Rockets or Warriors in a previous round.
Photo credit: Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC The three-seeded Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC (15-5-14, 59 points) fell...
PITTSBURGH—As Duquesne women’s swimming coach David Sheets concluded his speech, he could not help...
Reporting breaking news from the world of professional sports. Featured on ESPN, CBS Sports and more. Did You See That?! If not, we did.
I wore this gorgeous dress for my birthday drinks with friends! Looking at the pictures I should of steamed it, oh well.. And guess where I found this beauty?? Yup the clothing swap the girls and I recently went to! I love it!
cv modele assistant medical medical assistant resume template 8 free word excel format download cvs near me now.
Reviews of the top 10 christian dating websites of 2018 welcome to our reviews of the best christian dating websites of 2018 (also known as catholic dating sites)check out our top 10 list below and follow our links to read our full in-depth review of each christian dating website, alongside which you'll find costs and features lists. Israel christian dating is made easy with loveawake, the place to meet like-minded singles we match you to compatible christian men and women from israel with our relationship questionnaire. Jieznas's best free dating site 100% free online dating for jieznas singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in jieznas looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. This site is protected by online dating protector 24/7 moderation highly trained uk based team anti scam software genuine members report profiles.
Live in taiwan and want to get up close and personal with christian singles become a member of our christian singles site and chat with people who are just like you, christian dating taiwan. Dating as a christian can be a whole ‘nother ballgame, and our 10 best christian dating blogs are up to bat these blogs are unique in their own ways, but they all have one thing in common – quality advice made for the christian dater. What heeding a decade and a half of dating advice can mean the good christian girl: a fable what heeding a decade and a half of dating advice can mean. Online dating at dateconz is a fun and safe way to find christian singles in new zealand, start communicating, then meet in person on a date or at a community event. Choose from the best christian dating sites to i could tell you of dozens and dozens of wonderful marriages that began online at a christian dating web site. Latest members on just christian dating aus ange, 72 castle cove marty, 55 collingwood park join now for free and start dating straight away i am a.
301 moved permanently nginx. Welcome to the christian dating for free forums we hope that you enjoy meeting and engaging in stimulating discussions with other christian dating the site also. Christian dating service com “christiandatingservicecom is the oldest and most honest christian dating review site on the internet. Learn about christian dating, free christian dating, matchmaking services, meet local singles, chat rooms, social networking and other related information.
Profiles that remain with their site 17 year old dating sites is kang sora and leeteuk really dating im just wondering age when i another christian i another. Messianic connections is for messianic jewish singles looking to find friendship, christian dating, love, romance, chat and email with like-minded singles. Looking for christian singles in clay city interested in dating millions of singles use zoosk online dating signup now and join the fun.
Christian dating in nz meet someone who shares your faith find long-term love with other single christians join elitesingles today. Christians2datecom provides a truly 100% free christian dating service this service is totally free meet christian singles in your area. Quick and easy to join welovedates is a proven christian dating site for christian singles starting new relationships totally free to join christian dating site. How should christians date singles struggle to figure out just how to handle dating–and i’m not the only one who’s noticed how weird the christian dating.
A number of my jewish dating friends, who are believers in yeshua have been looking for christian jews to date, and have asked us about online jewish dating services for messianic singles. Can single christians date brand new christians but is it really worth dating a brand new christian as a more mature christian. Japanese christian dating is made easy with loveawake, the place to meet like-minded singles we match you to compatible christian men and women from japan with our relationship questionnaire.
Welcome to the best johannesburg dating site for meeting people for love don't wait, set up a free profile and meet johannesburg singles today. The orthodox christian singles is the online site for single christians of the orthodox christian church for information on other single groups and events. Reviews of the top 10 catholic dating sites of 2018 welcome to our reviews the best catholic dating sites of 2018 (also known as christian dating websites)check out our top 10 list below and follow our links to read our full in-depth review of each christian dating website, alongside which you'll find costs and features lists, user reviews. It all starts with a little faith many people join christian connection with a mustard seed of faith and “my darling wife and i met on your dating site on. Discussion board for christian singles both serious and light-hearted topics are covered: faith, relationships, prayer, but also activities, games and humor.
Our editors have compiled the best on singles + dating topics from the archives and honest articles that makes today's christian woman a mentor to thousands of. Should christians date ‘just to date’ have we become too legalistic in this area with rules and restrictions for christian dating.
Los Angeles is a city that dreams in Technicolor, but lives in black and white – at least in my mind. For me L.A. is classic film noir, a Raymond Chandler novel, Bugsy Siegel wearing a county morgue toe tag (with his last name misspelled!), and a newsboy on a downtown street corner bellowing out a Herald-Express headline, “Hungry Ex-Wife Slays Hollywood Astrologer”.
For the entirely of the 20th Century Angelenos were treated daily to a litany of the city’s evils exposed in its daily newspapers. Deranged L.A. Crimes looks behind the headlines to scrutinize the social history of the city.
The inspiration for Deranged L.A. Crimes is the life and times of a local reporter, Agness “Aggie” Underwood.
I was first introduced to Aggie through her reporting of the infamous 1947 mutilation murder of twenty-two year old Elizabeth Short (aka The Black Dahlia). Following the discovery of Short’s bisected and eviscerated body in a vacant lot in Leimert Park on January 15, 1947, every reporter in town began scouring the city for clues and evidence in the vicious slaying. Aggie was fortunate to be working for the Evening Herald & Express during the Dahlia case. The paper’s owner William Randolph Hearst had deep pockets, so it was easy for his reporters to grease the right palms and beat the other local newshounds, and often the cops, to key evidence and interviews.
Aggie initially tagged the slaying the Werewolf killing because of the savagery of the mutilations inflicted on Short’s body. However, once Elizabeth Short’s Long Beach acquaintances had been interviewed and had revealed that they’d nicknamed the twenty-two year old beauty the Black Dahlia, the headlines changed forever. The Black Dahlia label even turned up in official LAPD files!
I was intrigued by Aggie, a woman in the largely man’s world of the newspaper business, who had lived and worked in Los Angeles during the decades that I find among the most compelling in the city’s history. It was as if Aggie was my childhood fantasy come to life – a woman investigating crimes and uncovering the hidden truths concealed beneath layers of lies. I had often imagined myself in similar scenarios (truthfully, I still do) operating as a grown-up Nancy Drew.
As I started digging deeper my interest in Aggie’s life and career grew, and in 2011 I gave a lecture at the Los Angeles Central Library in which I talked about Aggie and a few of the outrageous crimes on which she’d reported. I was gratified by the response; people loved Aggie’s personality and were as captivated by her tales of L.A.’s worst criminals as I was. I realized that I wanted to expand the lecture into a blog, which I did in December 2012.
I seek to bring the darker side of Los Angeles to life through the blog. When possible I will use Aggie as a guide. She knew killers, cops, celebrities, and politicians. She wrote hundreds of headline stories that made residents shake their heads in disgust at the rampant corruption that was pervasive in city government; and many of her stories horrified the locals when they realized that there were monsters living among them.
Aggie’s decades of reporting on Los Angeles has left us with a road map of headlines to follow from the desert to the sea, and from Beverly Hills mansions to Bunker Hill apartment houses. Headlines such as: “Doheny Kidnap Plot in Killing”, “3 Missing Inglewood Tots Found Murdered”, and “Find Thelma Todd, Film Star, Dead in Mystery” captured the attention of Angelenos every day for decades.
There have been many great reporters in Los Angeles, and a incredible numbers of deranged tales to tell. So put on some comfortable shoes and together we’ll walk through historic Los Angeles and bear witness to crime, scandal, and the occasional natural disaster.
I am so excited about this! (My mom used to let me read all her True Crime and True Detective magazines when I was a kid and I became as addicted as her.) Looking forward to reading the rest of your stories. I already love the way you write.
Brenda, thank you for your kind words and positive feedback! You’ve made my day! I love the old crime magazines too, and I hope to honor their memory with Deranged L.A. Crimes. Again, thank you.
Can’t wait! Glad to learn other women are interested in the same mix of 20th century history and crime stories in a city like L.A. I’m from Chicago and L.A. is going to be a different perspective for me.
I’m always happy to meet a kindred spirit! I’m originally from Chicago, but have been in L.A. most of my life. There’s something a little different about crime in L.A. when compared to the mid-west and east, so I believe you’ll find it interesting.
Sherry – I’ll definitely do something for the Black Dahlia anniversary. It is one of the crimes that defines L.A., even after six decades. I was fortunate to be an assistant curator for the L.A. Police Museum’s limited run Black Dahlia exhibit early in 2012. It was an honor to be a part of putting the exhibit together and to be able to review many of the case files. Also, Aggie played a significant role in reporting on the crime.
I saw the exhibit online….you did a great job. How interesting to be able to view and be a part of the original investigation.
It was great being able to go through many of the original case files, and an honor to be a part of the museum’s effort to
In your opinion, do you think everything on the Dahlia case will be made available to the public? After all these years, the killer is very old or either dead. I wish you would go on the Biography Channel, have a Special and just show everything once and for all. That would be so cool.
Sherry — it’s difficult to say if the files will be released or not. LAPD usually keeps a close grip on case files, and of course the statute doesn’t run out on murder. The Dahlia case is still an open homicide with a detective assigned to it, so we were lucky to be able to get access at all. It’s funny, the detective said that she still gets about 10 calls a month on the case — even confessors! The first question she asks the caller if they say they have info is “when were you born?”
This blog looks exactly what I’ve been waiting for. As a born Angeleno this has always been my favorite subject and favorite period.
Chris – I’m so glad that you’re enjoying the blog. I’ve been in L.A. almost all of my life (definitely long enough to
qualify as an honorary a native). And I share your passion for the subject. Thank you for your support.
Very smart of the detective to ask the callers what year they were born. I’ve always wondered if the address book is in the evidence file or did it disappear with some of the other evidence. It’s a shame some of it is gone. I had no idea they get about 10 calls a month. That’s very interesting. Thank you!
The detective is a sharp cookie. I was stunned to discover that she still gets a relatively large number of calls on the case.
Well, now that we have a female detective over seeing the case, maybe we’ll get something done. It’s kinda spooky to think people will call and confess, but I guess it takes all kinds. I guess she can’t ask the “magic” questions now since all has been revealed. I’ll tell you, if I lived in LA I would work for you for free.
I like that a female detective is working the case too. I’m not sure, but I’m betting that there is still something that’s been successfully held back, even after 66 years. And thanks — free work is always appreciated 😉
Could you please open up a blog post on the Sam Rummel murder in 1950? He was Mickey Cohen’s lawyer and had obvious mob ties, but his clandestine meeting with certain corrupt LAPD officials just hours before his murder is a sinister coincidence.
The Rummel case is one of my favorites, really fascinating. I’ll try to get to it soon. Thanks for the suggestion, and thank you for reading the blog. Best — Joan
Hi Joan, I love your blog! I had a few questions regarding photos that were touched up back then and maybe you know the answer 🙂
I noticed some people/objects are outlined in old photos – I assume to sharpen the image? Was this done by newspapers or the police? And was it done to the originals/negatives? I also noticed some crime photos were drawn over to hide the grisly details, like the Black Dahlia crime scene with the drawn-in blanket. Was that a very common practice? Thanks!!
Hi Susana – I’m so glad that you are enjoying the blog. You’re absolutely correct about the manipulated photos, they wanted
to make sure that the image reproduced well in the newspaper, and sometimes they even drew fake frames around the photos! It
was the prints that they manipulated and not the negs. I’m on the board of Photo Friends, a non-profit affiliated with the
Central Library in downtown L.A., and the library has an enormous collection of photos from the Herald Express (a Hearst newspaper).
Many of those photos were manipulated (like the Black Dahlia), and sometimes only the prints still exist so we’re stuck with the touched-up image.
The Black Dahlia photo was heavily touched-up with the drawn in blanket and changes to her face so that the mutilations wouldn’t
show. Yes it was very common for newspapers to clean-up crime scene photos for publication. Great questions — hope I was of some help.
i want to thank you for your outstanding blog. I find LA crime in the 30’s, 40’s and 50’s to be fascinating. I am a retired Deputy Sheriff in the Central Valley who served for over 30 years,as a detective for 20 of those years. During my early years I got to know a Fresno Bee crime reporter by the name of Eleanor Garner Hannah I guess she had been a reporter for the old LA Herald in the 40’s and 50’s. Over drinks at a local cop watering hole she could really spin some tales of that era in LA.I actually learned a lot from her about being a detective. Keep up the good work and keep us entertained.
Hi – I just found this site after seeing a post from Decaying Hollywood Mansions. I am 56 and have lived in the Chicago area all of my life but was always intrigued with true crime stories – especially from the earlier part of last century. I finally visited LA a year ago and now that I have an idea of what it really looks like it’s made me much more interested in what’s got to be numerous crime stories in the area. Everything is just a little bit more heightened in that area, isn’t it? Of course when I was out there I got a map of the stars and while that was fun I, of course, had to look up Sharon Tate’s murder site. So I guess I’m hooked and I will enjoy reading everything on this site. Thank you!
Kim – it’s great to hear from you! I’m so glad that my friend Charles at DHM pointed you in my direction. I’m actually a native Chicagoan. I’ve been in California since I was a little kid, but you can’t take the Chicago out of the girl! Nothing like a visit to L.A. to really immerse you in the all that the place has to offer (from the delightful to the depraved). I don’t know if you took the Dearly Departed Charles Manson tour, but whenever you’re out in L.A. again I recommend it. Scott Michaels is the owner-operator and he knows his stuff. Also, I am a frequent co-host on crime bus tours for a company called Esotouric, it’s another way to get your crime fix. Thanks again for your kind words, and welcome. Best – Joan
Can you recommend any other blogs that focus on vintage crime in other cities or parts of the country?
Hunter, thank you so much for your positive feedback! This is a labor of love for me and I am thrilled when people enjoy it. You may
I live in Iowa Falls, Iowa, and noticed an error in your report on Madge Meredith. You state that she is an “Iowa City” girl. Iowa City is 150 miles Southeast of Iowa Falls. Both towns are on the Iowa River. Majorie Massow (Madge Meredith) was born and raised in Iowa Falls.
Richard — thank you for the information, I’ll make the correction. I get my information primarily from old newspapers and, unfortunately, they’re not always 100% accurate. Best, Joan
Hi Joan. I am the grandaughter of Albert Tucker, one of the kidnappers in the Madge Meredith case. I have some interesting things that he gave me to read and stories to tell.. I would love to talk with anyone who might be interested in turning this story into a screenplay or novel if you know of anyone. It’s got such an interesting twist at the end and would make a great true crime movie. Love the site!
Many thanks for your excellent work, Joan. I greatly appreciate all of your efforts in bringing to life the historical dark side of the City of Angels. I have always been a sucker for all things noir and became fascinated with the infamous L.A, criminal cases you write about through my long standing interest in the radio (and ‘50’s black and white television) episodes of Dragnet. These episodes were the grandfather of all police procedurals and hold up very well after some 60 years to the plethora of crime shows currently on television or in the movie theatres today. Yet every Dragnet radio show is also like a time capsule and listening to it transports one back to the noir world of the Los Angeles police from the late ‘40’s and early ‘50’s. It’s also fascinating to note how much the storyline for many of these episodes was drawn from the actual case files of the police. I think the connection between certain Dragnet episodes and actual well known police cases would make a fascinating exhibit at the LAPM or perhaps could even be the theme of an Esotouric tour. In any event, thanks again for this blog and keep up the great work!
Tom – thank you so much for your kind comments. I share your love of Dragnet (both on radio and TV) and I have listened to many episodes of “Calling All Cars”, etc. What I like about those shows is that they were based on real cases which gives them an authenticity that scripted shows can’t usually match. It’s always been my intention with the blog to write about the cases and offer the facts in a way that recalls those old programs and also the wonderful crime and detective magazines from the 1930s-1950s. I absolutely agree that certain of the Dragnet episodes juxtaposed with the real cases would make a compelling exhibit at the police museum. I’ll have to mention it to the executive director. I’ve been trying to write a tour for Esotouric for ages, perhaps what you’ve suggested is just the thing. I thank you again for your readership; I appreciate it. Best, Joan
Thanks so much for the positive reply. I am guessing that you are probably very busy with a range of different projects, but in the event you decide to pursue one (or both) of these ideas, please don’t hesitate to drop me a line if you think I could provide any long-distance (I live in Canada) research assistance. I would be happy to volunteer some of my time subject only to other obligations such as work and my dear wife’s “honey-do” list . 🙂 Regardless, I will continue to read the excellent articles you post on this blog. Cheers.
Tom — you’re right, I am juggling multiple projects at the present time; however, I thank you so much for your kind offer of research assistance. I will certainly keep you in mind if an opportunity should arise. Thanks again for your readership, I appreciate it. Best, Joan
I love this blog. I think LA true crime stories are fascinating and riveting. I’m hoping to do a screenplay about Jerry Giesler soon. You’ve given me a good start with this blog. You have great photos and write terrific stories.
Thank you so much for your kind words about the blog. I agree, L.A. true crime is compelling. Giesler’s career was fascinating and would make a killer film–good luck with the screenplay! Best — Joan
LOVE this! I wrote the biography “Peg Entwistle and the Hollywood Sign Suicide” (McFarland, 2014) and am writing one on Carl “Alfalfa” Switzer, so this sight is right up my alley. Sharing it to my Hollywood Book Chat Group! 😉
James – I’m one of the many endlessly fascinated by old Hollywood. The Peg Entwistle story is particularly poignant. Looking forward to your
I love your blog ! This stuff is really cool . I’m a big time fan of all old things in Los Angeles . My grandfather was an L.A.P.D officer . Started working in in L.A. in 1931. He used to work in Lincoln Park area , in his early days . Man O man , the stories he told me about Los Angeles . I have to go to the museum in Highland Park , I would love to meet you . Tons of questions . Once again, hats off , for such a wonderful job on this blog .
Michael – Thank you so much for your kind words about the blog. I too am a big fan of old Los Angeles, in particular anything to do with law enforcement and crime. You must be very proud of your grandfather. He worked for LAPD during one of the most fascinating periods in its history. Yes, you really must visit the Police Museum, you’ll really enjoy it. I’m there most Thursdays but you should probably email me to verify. The museum is open the third Saturday of each month so I’ll be there on January 16th. We’re open from 9-3. Thanks again for your support, and I hope to meet you in person. Best — Joan
I’ve been joyously discovering you and Aggie Underwood in the week since I discovered that I drive down the hill past the site of Hazel Glab’s husband’s murder at least once every day. I’ve missed your show at the library but I did buy your book and am now looking for a take home copy of Newspaperwoman. I see that the LAPL circulation copies are out but they do have two in reference.
Do you have another book coming out? If you have any upcoming events, readings, adventures, please let me know so I can attend.
Martha — thank you so much for your kind words about the blog. Aggie was a fascinating woman; and what a career! I pass the Hazel Glab
house routinely too on my way to the gym. I’m currently working on a book and I always post upcoming events, etc. here and on the Deranged L.A.
I am the daughter of Norman Wells (half brother of Albert Horace Wells). So many puzzles are coming together after reading your article. Beautifully done. Do you have anymore on this crime. Books, films? Anything. Norma 208-473-6634
Carol, I must apologize for my very tardy reply. Things have been a little hectic here at Deranged L.A. Crimes. If you like you
can sign up for RSS feeds on the homepage. I hope that answers your question. If now please feel free to contact me. Best — Joan
Carol — I’ve just added a subscriber option to the site. Which is what I think you were really asking me about!
The story about Tracy Leroy Nute is about my cousin. This happened 2 years after i was born but will forever be in my mind. I cant believe i just came across this story. Thank you for doing this story. I just have one question how come so many pictures of the murderer and there is none of my cousin Tracy the victim?
Athena – I am so sorry that you never had the opportunity to know your cousin Tracy. To be able to tell the victims stories
is an honor, and one I take seriously. Strangely, in all the coverage in the Los Angeles Times on the case there wasn’t a
single photo of Tracy. I definitely would have used a photo if there was one–not sure why there wasn’t.
Feel so lucky to have found your website. L.A. ‘Noir’ is a passion of mine. Ever since I saw ‘L.A. Confidential’ I have been hooked on the era.
I was wondering if you could tell me the background behind the headline photo you use ? I have searched around here but was unable to find anything.
David — Welcome! I’m glad you found the site. As you can tell I am very passionate about L.A. Noir too.
The photo I use for the site is courtesy of the Los Angeles Public Library. The photo is c. 1930 and here’s
Summary: An unidentified man is being taken into custody outside of Boos Bros. Cafeteria. A man, presumably
If you go to lapl.org you can search the photo collection (a large portion of it anyway) online. You can
find the photo I use with it’s ID number (above). There are many great vintage L.A. crime photos in the
I love your blog. Just finished the book L.A. Noir and it’s an amazing account of LA crime and vice. Wow–so much movie material here.
I have taken a few tours with Joan and she is so knowledgeable and a total hoot. My husband and I are so determined to have some Gin & Tonics with her in the near future.
Oh my gosh, you have done a remarkable job bringing to us these old crimes. I am so grateful I stumbled across your site. I know you are a true lover, like me of this kind of material. Your site reflects that. Thank you forgiving me many days and weeks of entertainment. Thank you, thank you, thank you, job well done!
Love your blog! However, I need to know how to read a whole story. There seem to be pieces on several pages. Can you advise please??
Thank you for your kind words about the blog. I’m glad you found it. I think the easiest way to read a multi-part story is to locate part one (you can enter the part or all of the title in the search box at the top of the page). When you’re ready to ready subsequent parts do the same thing. Does that make sense?
I cannot remember the name of the episode but I do remember that it had to do with a man who was fairly comfortable money wise who had recently lost his wife.
A relative contacted the Los Angeles Police Department for a welfare check of the man as the man left his suitcases which were packed at his house but never returned.
Detective Joe Friday started to question neighbors of the man and came upon a woman who lived down the street from the man.
She claimed that the man said he was going east to visit relatives. The woman stated that she was trying to help him but he was not interested and left town, and went on about that he needed to get over the wife who was dead.
The detectives checked out the man’s bank account and while he did withdraw money, nothing seemed suspicious.
The detectives checked on the man’s bills and credit cards and went to a department store and spoke with a woman in the credit department.
The woman stated the man’s wife had come into the department store and purchased a slip and some other items. The detectives went back to visit the neighbor woman who was not in but spoke with her gardener who complained that the woman was abusive and angry because she wanted her greenhouse a certain way. In the end it turned out that the woman shot the man because he was not interested in her.
I know that the dragnet shows were from true stories and I was wondering if this is something that was possibly in the newspapers.
I listen to the old radios on Sirius/XM too, and of course I love Dragnet. The episode you listened to is The Big Lease which aired November 1, 1951. I’m not 100% sure but I believe the episode was partly based on serial killer Louise Peete’s murder of Jacob Denton in 1920. It’s unlikely that Denton was Peete’s first victim, but his is the first killing for which she was convicted and served time. She would ultimately be released from prison and kill again in the 1940s. She received the death penalty. Peete is one of only four women ever executed by the State of California. I wrote about her in the Deranged blog and also for Los Angeles Magazine (http://bit.ly/2xhS2Ha) There’s a radio episode of Dragnet which is definitely based on Peete’s second murder (the one for which she got death). The episode is called The Big Thank You and aired on March 9, 1950.
Header picture…..Joan, I apologize if this has already been asked and answered….you say that the header pic comes from the LA Library, but I’m curious as to whether it’s become one of your blog entries or if it is known what this pic is all about. (Loving the blog, btw! Addictive)
Jan, I wish I knew more about the bust in the photo. It was an unnamed crook who may have tried to rob the Boos Brothers cafe. When I saw the photo I knew it was perfect for the blog. I’m glad you’re enjoying Deranged. — Joan
thank you for replying, Joan…..darn, I so had hoped you knew what it was all about….it looks like they literally busted ‘his chops’ for him…..
Jan, if only I knew! Still, I think I’ll poke around in some of the old newspapers to see if there is any info at all. I really would like to know what he was up to! Yeah, I think they busted his chops but good. I’m glad that you are enjoying the blog. It’s so much fun for me and I love getting feedback.
If, like me, you can’t get enough true crime or history, then let me enable your obsession with suggested sites that will take you down the rabbit hole. I’ll see you when you come up for air!
Gangland Wire: Are you obsessed with the mob? If so you’ll enjoy Gary Jenkins’ fascinating podcast (he also has a blog). Jenkins was an Intelligence Unit detective with the Kansas City Police Department so he knows what he’s talking about. The podcast focuses on the Midwest and East Coat mobs, but it has ventured West for an episode featuring one of my favorite L.A. mob stories–the murders of Tony Brancato and Tony Trombino–aka The Two Tonys.
Historical Crime Detective: Where Old Crime Does New Time. Discover forgotten crimes and forgotten criminals lost to history. Well-researched by historical crime detective Jason Lucky Morrow, this site is compulsively readable!
Los Angeles Visionaries Association [LAVA]: LAVA is the key to the secret Los Angeles you’ve been looking for (or helping to create), and for making connections with people who share your passions and sensibilities. I’ve been a member of LAVA since its inception. All of the events are fascinating–for true crime geeks like me I highly recommend the quarterly Forensic Science Seminars at Cal State Los Angeles.
Patterson-Smith: Patterson Smith is an antiquarian bookseller specializing in true crime, gambling, and related subjects. He deals in out-of-print and rare books, and magazines. If you are seeking a vintage true crime magazine about a specific case, Mr. Smith can search his database of 30,000 detective-magazine articles. I have availed myself of Mr. Smith’s services on many occasions and cannot recommend him highly enough.
Angel — I’ve never really tried to follow-up on him. He wasn’t Barbara’s only child either. I believe Tommy eventually ended up
Also, there are quite a number of folks who claim to be Graham’s relatives here: https://eotd.wordpress.com/2008/06/03/3-june-1955-barbara-graham/
Jan, I don’t mind that you responded at all! I love it when people can offer insight and information as you have done. Thank you!
Raquel Mena is a rock star and the instigator of our first clean-up of 2014. While we have been working to keep the LAB I-35 underpass in a reasonably glass and trash free condition since early 2011, Raquel is the first person so far to e-mail me and say that the site is a mess […]
After a long and patient wait while permits were waved and plants and soil secured we completed the landscaping project at 11th and Navasota! The goal of the project was to beautify the two un-landscaped ROW areas adjacent to the 11th and Navasota public bike parking island (concrete platform with 4 bike racks). We excavated […]
Our proposed LAB 4th Street/I-35 Bikeway Landscaping Project is alive! This has been a year in the making and ground has finally been broken. Not only will this result in a much more attractive space, it will make it easier to de-litter the area during our monthly/bi-monthly cleanups. This project was initiated as a way […]
We have been awarded a Keep Austin Beautiful grant to beautify a public bike parking facility in East Austin! The goal of the project is to beautify the two un-landscaped ROW areas adjacent to the new 11th and Navasota public bike parking island (concrete platform with 4 bike racks). We will need to excavate 2-3” […]
From the most recent Keep Austin Beautiful newsletter: Have you ever noticed trash on the sidewalks when you are walking or biking downtown? Thanks to Christopher Stanton, executive director of the non-profit the Ghisallo Cycling Initiative, you probably see a lot less. Christopher has organized over 35 cleanups with KAB in the past two years. […]
The Rio Grande ribbon cutting event for Austin’s first “Green Lane Project” is on Monday, April 23rd. The ribbon cutting ceremony is at 3:45pm with the inaugural bike ride on this new cycle track following at 4:30pm. This stretch is part of our Rio Grande adoption though Keep Austin Beautiful.
Clean Sweep is KAB’s annual citywide cleanup that takes place all over Austin. In 2011 there were 136 cleanup locations all around Austin (31 zip codes) which collected over 25 tons of trash (from public spaces) and over 45,000 cigarette butts! This year 2012 it is occurring on Saturday, April 14 and we will be […]
Today’s cleanup took a bit longer than usual due to the amount of junk scattered across the bikeway and the surrounding area. Everything on the ground has been picked up but we left the posters on the pillars for the memories.
We are expanding our commitment to keeping major bicycle thoroughfares attractive, accessible, and litter free in Austin through our new two year adoption of Nueces street. The target stretch runs from 5th to MLK (1.0 mile) and is one of two streets that combine to form the Downtown Bike Boulevard. Unlike the LAB underpass adoption, […]
broadcast, spread, divulge, acquaint, inform, letknow, publish, reveal, to divulge, leak, tell, disclose, popularize
Entry forms are available at City Hall, 120 South Main St, Monticello or email info@monticellokychamber.com, 606-348- 3064
Das Umweltinformationssystem Baden Württemberg (UIS BW) stellt moderne leistungsfähige Informationstechnik bereit, mit deren Hilfe umfangreiche Umweltdatenbestände aus vielen Quellen erschlossen und wirkungsvoll an verschiedene Zielgruppen vermittelt werden. Der freie Zugang zu aktuellen Informationen über die Umwelt in Baden-Württemberg ist seit 2006 rechtlich verankert, zunächst über ein Landesumweltinformationsgesetz, das 2015 durch ein noch umfassenderes Umweltverwaltungsgesetz abgelöst wurde. Mit dem UIS BW koordiniert das Ministerium für Umwelt, Klima und Energiewirtschaft Baden-Württemberg (UM) landesweit die Verarbeitung von Umweltdaten in allen Ressortbereichen mit Umweltbezug.
The Sturgis Motorcycle Rally is a single of the most well known rallies in the US. It is held in the town of Sturgis, South Dakota. The rally will take you through some of the most awesome roads and destinations. Some of idina Menzel concert toronto them include Iron Street Mountain, Needles Freeway, Spearfish Canyon, Mouth Rushmore National Park, Nuts Horse Memorial, Bea Butte Condition Park, and additional.
All recycling for this occasion is brought to you by Bay Spot Recycle for Charities found in Traverse Town. BARC is a non-profit corporation that composts all your recyclables and flips grime to cash to donate to track down charities.
Bjork's new music and her dreams are her life. She won't be reigned in by style or developments - she produces her own music and alterations her id to fit - and she goes wherever the new music can take her.
Another excellent notion is to be part of admirer clubs. If your favored singer comes about to have a lover club in your spot, then it is recommended to turn into a member of the club. The reason currently being that enthusiast club members tend to have a discounted as very well as other privileges with regards to tickets and objects. Also preserve your eye out for pre-revenue tickets. To guarantee you have a excellent watch of the present, it is possible to get Bon http://iznajmljivanjemostar.Com/agent/kathy-fatnowna/ Jovi idina menzel concert let it go idina menzel tickets red rocks that are on pre-offering standing. These types of tickets are made available prior to the true onset of the ticket product sales.
Then south to Englewood Seaside, I started describing it at the start off. The seashore is massive and the sunset is generally spectacular. On the weekends you can usually listen to Live Music in excess of the water at night from the tiki bar across Stump Go, very well, in involving sets of the Live Music at the tiki bar where just one may uncover his Idina menzel concert uvu or her self.
Doing this makes it possible for you to see which time matches into your individual strategy. Long gone are the days when you will be stunned when your selected artist comes to city and you have idina menzel vip tickets to cancel all your appointments on the spot. Now you can strategy beforehand and under no circumstances forget about out your favorite artist.
Epilepsy Foundation Statement on DEA’s Scheduling of Epidiolex® Philip M. Gattone, President and Chief Executive Officer, Epilepsy Foundation
LANDOVER, MD, September 27, 2018 — We are pleased to hear that the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) placed Epidiolex® at Schedule V in line with the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s (FDA) scheduling recommendation. People with epilepsy who are unable to obtain seizure control with existing treatments are at a higher risk of accident, injury, hospitalization, and even death. The DEA’s rescheduling of Epidiolex®, the first ever drug derived from cannabidiol (CBD) approved to treat Dravet and Lennox-Gastaut syndromes (LGS), is a tremendous milestone for some of these most vulnerable individuals who now may have access and hope of gaining better seizure control.
On June 25, 2018, the FDA approved Epidiolex for the treatment of Dravet and Lennox-Gastaut syndromes (LGS), two rare and severe forms of epilepsy. The DEA had 90 days from approval to schedule the medication because CBD is a Schedule I substance. Under the Controlled Substances Act, the DEA has the authority to classify drugs, substances, and certain chemicals used to make medications into five distinct categories, or schedules, depending upon the drug’s acceptable medical use and the drug’s abuse or dependency potential. Medical value and abuse potential determinations are informed by large-scale clinical trials conducted under the guidance of the FDA. After evaluation by the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, the FDA determined there was negligible abuse potential for this treatment and placed Epidiolex on Schedule V.
Schedule V drugs, substances, or chemicals are defined as drugs with lower potential for abuse than Schedule IV and consist of limited quantities of certain narcotics which are known to cause dependency.
The Epilepsy Foundation has brought together the epilepsy community to advocate for changes in the remaining states where scheduling laws need to be changed to allow therapies derived from CBD and approved by the FDA to become available to people living with epilepsy in a timely manner. Therapies derived from CBD show promise for people living with uncontrolled seizures and rare epilepsies. Even with FDA approval, any new therapies derived from CBD would not be available unless states implement changes to state scheduling laws, even if the state has a medical cannabis program.
For more information about what this announcement means for our community, please visit: http://bit.ly/2zAn55l.
EnglishThat hit me so hard, telling these people that had been through this experience.With the hottest bitch in heels right here.EnglishAnd I&apos;ve worked really hard on improving how cattle are treated at the slaughter plant.EnglishInsert text, shapes, arrows, scribbles, and images from your
Learn to write and prepare for Florida Real Property Essays. When it comes to passing the Florida Bar Exam, students must be thoroughly educated and meticulously prepared.
Write Florida Contract Law Essays through guided practice and preparation. We know you want to have a meeting of the minds with your essay grader!
Learn to Write Florida Bar Torts Essays from your Florida Bar essay tutor. Our guided writing lessons for torts essays are so good they’re almost criminal!
Preparing for the Florida Bar Exam is one of the greatest challenges an aspiring law student or practicing attorney will face. If you need help with organizing, structuring, and ultimately writing Florida Bar essays, we are ready to tutor and mentor you. Florida Bar essay tutors help to improve the focus, and structure of your Florida Bar essays. Our Florida Bar essay tutors are available to teach you the skills necessary to improve your performance on the Florida Bar Essay exam. Learning to harness your knowledge of and talent for legal writing will not just help you perform well on the essay section of the Florida Bar Exam, it will also contribute to your legal career.
For more information about Florida Bar Essay tutoring, please contact us by e-mail. We are available to help you succeed in writing Florida Bar essays the right way.
Vote for BEN AINSLIE to win the 2008 BBC Sports Personality of the Year award this Sunday (14 December).
Triple Olympic gold medallist Ainslie is on the final shortlist of 10 in the running for the award and needs your votes to get him the recognition his historic 2008 exploits deserve.
Voting will take place by phone only during Sunday evening’s live BBC One broadcast. The number to call to vote for Ainslie will be revealed on the programme after 7pm, so make sure you tune in on the night and tell your friends to get dialling too!
There is no voting via the BBC Sport website or by text – calls on the night will cost 15p from a BT landline. Calls from mobile phones and other networks will cost more.
Picture: Credit Richard Langdon/Skandia Team GBR. Ben Ainslie on his way to a historic fifth Finn Gold Cup title, Port Phillip, Australia, January 2008
Every afternoon we do our reading roundabout. Sometimes we get to read on our own or with a friend in the book corner, sometimes we use the I-pads to play grammar games and sometimes we play spelling games in a group.
Why Computing and Information Technology. Buy Computing and Information Technology Degree online. You're fascinated with technology and its endless possibilities. When faced with a new challenge, you eagerly investigate a solution in a methodical way. A career in computing can bring all of your strengths together.
BCIT's programs in Computing and Information Technology include software development, networking, and database design. buy UK fake degree, how much for Columbia university degree, You'll get to do what you love in a fast-paced, innovative industry that values forward-thinking professionals.Why Computing and Information Technology. Now I failed in the exam so that I have to buy Computing and information Degree Online.
Several missions of the University of Phoenix: Clear goals: For adult higher education, instead of cultivating scientific research elites in Ivy League universities, it is focused on cultivating practical professionals in the social profession. ——The development of modern society and the continuous enhancement of competition, the more professional talents have the demand and motivation for re-education. buy University of Phoenix degree, University of Phoenix fake diploma, where to buy University of Phoenix degree, how much for University of Phoenix degree, how to get University of Phoenix diploma, how to make University of Phoenix fake degree, how to create University of Phoenix diploma, which site sell University of Phoenix diploma, how long to get University of Phoenix diploma. Simplification: The University of Phoenix (Phoenix) is aimed at people who really need vocational education and who also need to know what vocational education they need. University of Phoenix fake degree, University of Phoenix fake diploma, University of Phoenix fake certificate, buy a University of Phoenix diploma, University of Phoenix degree order, For example, it focuses its attention on special populations with independent educational needs and education costs, and chooses practical subjects as the focus of teaching. The purpose of these disciplines is first and foremost to produce direct effects in the work, and to reduce unnecessary cultural conflicts and unmeasurable outcomes caused by other humanities. Of course, the shortcomings of such education are: lack of art, literary literacy and humanities education. In fact, this is also different from its school orientation: for professionals who have already received higher education.
The largest collection of yemassee, sc mugshots elmore blackshear adrian lamont manigo renaldo javon frazier philip contrell murray. Yemassee personals the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship register here and chat with other yemassee singles. Save big on a wide range of yemassee hotels consider a stay at hampton inn yemassee/point south, sc, our travelers' top-rated hotel in yemasseebrowse customer reviews of over 350,000 hotels and other accommodations worldwide. Yemassee place 774 is located in the villages this vacation home also has free wifi this vacation home has 3 bedrooms, a living room and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher. Town clerk (843) 589-2565 police department/court (843) 589-6315 fire department (843) 589-2514 victims advocate (843) 589-2804 for emergencies please call 911.
Hookupguru is a hookup platform aggregating the largest adult dating and webcam sites here you will find out how to hookup online with our guide through the world of the best adult dating sites and expert reviews. Find yemassee south carolina libraries, such as state, town, city, public, private, college and university library branches libraries provide information on applications, borrowing books, ebooks, library programs, online databases and research. Personal ads for yemassee, sc are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to yemassee, sc and are for ages 18+ of either sex.
Trailer rental & towing in yemassee, sc at ark auto glass moving to or from yemassee, scu-haul cargo and enclosed trailers are intelligently designed to protect and secure your precious belongings, while our open utility trailers are perfect for hauling building supplies, landscaping materials or bulky items. Vidal sassoon - chelsea dry cleaning between beaufort and yemassee, south carolina south carolina gay dating the top web site for south carolina gays looking to chat online you'll also be able to use localmeeter to chat in real-time with online users, or leave messages which they'll receive via email. Point south / yemassee koa pets allowed no waterfront campsites n/a campsites with water hookup no campsites with water hookup no sites with electric hookup yes sites with sewer hookup no web reservable yes compare camping options and make reservations for campsites easily online home states south carolina.
Easysex – your ideal assistant in a pursuit of hookup easysex belongs to the decent adult match sites there is nothing too distinctive and special about it but when you enter the site you know that you would get the high-quality service. Yemassee hook up personals signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in yemassee, south carolina looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom™ sex personals / hookup sex in yemassee women personals close to yemassee, south carolina search a city online now signup & meet free. The hookup you have 4 play credits left to get unlimited credits, register or login the hookup dish the dirt, sister this game has been played 447,357 times, and is 194 peoples' favourite game so far stumble this game share on facebook add to delicious.
Find auto shops in yemassee, sc read ratings and reviews on yemassee, sc auto shops on angie’s list so you can pick the right auto shop the first time. Make a payment for town of yemassee south carolina. Get directions, reviews and information for yemassee municipal court in yemassee, sc.
The yemassee municipal court only accepts payments for traffic tickets or court fines for the yemassee municipal court by submitting online payment for this traffic ticket or court fine to the yemassee municipal court, you confirm yemassee municipal court is on the ticket/fine and the court's address reads. Brick chimney is located in the ace basin of colleton county along the banks of the combahee river near historic yemassee, sc the property has excellent and extensive interior access, over a mile of creek frontage, 5,000+ feet of river frontage and two ponds - one of which was designed and built to flood a 10 acre waterfowl impoundment. Hilton head island hook up site signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in hilton head island, south carolina looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom.
Free flirting - online chat, dating and hookup local singles, new york, new york 7,001 likes 310 talking about this 4 were here welcome to the. The zip code 29945 is associated with the city of yemassee in hampton county in the state of south carolina more about 29945 camping for more information about camping in 29945 (south carolina) , or for additional resources regarding experiencing the outdoors in sc, visit the national park service. Ready to find love in yemassee or just have fun mingle2 is your #1 resource for flirting, matching & hooking up in yemassee looking for love in yemassee discover how easy it is to meet single women and men looking for fun in yemassee — from the comfort of your own home use our free personal ads to find available singles in yemassee and get to know them in our chat room.
Chantilly is a community located in western Fairfax County. It is named after an early 19th century mansion of the same name constructed by Charles Calvert Stuart for his wife, Cornelia Lee Stuart. The area now known as Chantilly was home to a number of colonial plantations in the 1700's, including Sully Plantation, built by Richard Bland Lee I, “Leeton,” home of George Richard Lee Turberville's family, and the John Hutchison Farm. Growth of the village largely occurred during the 19th century, following the construction of Little River Turnpike (Route 50) to Winchester, Virginia.
During the American Civil War on September 1, 1862, the Battle of Chantilly (or Ox Hill) was fought nearby. Following his victory at the Second Battle of Bull Run (or Second Manassas), Confederate General Robert E. Lee directed Major General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson to cross Bull Run on August 31 and sweep around the position of Major General John Pope's Union Army of Virginia at Centreville. Reaching the Little River Turnpike northwest of Centreville, Jackson turned southeastward toward Fairfax Court House (now Fairfax, Virginia) to strike in rear of Pope's army.
During September 1, Pope, informed of Jackson's movement, began to withdraw his troops toward the Court House in Fairfax City. Late in the day, Jackson clashed with Union forces under Brigadier General Isaac Stevens and Major General Philip Kearny near Ox Hill, west of Fairfax. During the ensuing battle, which was fought amid a raging storm, both Union generals Stevens and Kearny were killed. The fighting ended at dusk, and Pope's army continued its withdrawal to Fairfax and subsequently to the Washington defenses.
Chantilly suffered during the Civil War and was the site of Northern occupation forces. The Chantilly manor home was destroyed in 1863 by a fire set by Federal troops. When Cornelia Lee Stuart died in 1883, she was deeply in debt and Chantilly farm was sold off to pay those debts.
Commercial and residential development now covers most of the Chantilly (Ox Hill) battlefield. Fairfax County Park Authority has preserved five acres of the battle site.
Named one of the best places to retire by US News and World Report, Chantilly has a population of just under 50,000 residents. Housing is priced in the “affordable” range for Northern Virginia. Garden apartments and townhomes are available starting in the mid to high $100,000’s. Single family detached homes range in price from the mid $300,000 to over $1,000,000.
Chantilly is located in the heart of the Northern Virginia technology corridor with easy access to the Dulles Airport and the surrounding business parks. Corporations located in Chantilly include The Aerospace Corporation, Intel, and Computer Sciences Corporation. The National Air and Space Museum’s Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center is an extension of the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C. It was built on the northwest corner of Chantilly near Dulles Airport. Admission to the museum is free. Fairfax County Public Library operates the Chantilly Regional Library.
Chantilly is served by two major roads. Virginia Route 28 runs north and south and is the main artery through Chantilly. Route 50, Lee Jackson Memorial Highway traverses Chantilly east and west. Additionally, Westfields Boulevard crosses Chantilly north and south. Interstate 66 is the closest major highway. Fairfax Connector buses connect the community to the Metrorail system.
The following is excerpted from publications of the National Association of Realtors and from a Westchester Realtor’s Guide to Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity Real Estate Practice.
All citizens of the United States shall have the same right, in every state and territory, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold and convey real and personal property.
On June 17, 1968, in the case of Jones v. Mayer, the United States Supreme Court held that the 1866 law prohibits all racial discrimination, private as well as public, in the sale or rental of property.
Thus, any individual who feels he or she has been discriminated against can immediately file a suit in Federal Court. The court can stop the sale of a house or rental of an apartment to someone else or award damages and court costs.
The 1968 Supreme Court decision further held that the 1866 Act protects all individuals against the following:
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968 (the Federal Fair Housing Law), declared it a national policy to provide fair housing throughout the United States. This law and subsequent amendment make discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin illegal in connection with the sale or rental of most housing and vacant land offered for residential construction or use. The Fair Housing Law provides protection against the following acts, if they are based on race, color, religion, sex or national origin:
2. Denial of a loan or creation of different terms or conditions for home loans by commercial lenders, such as banks, savings and loan associations or insurance companies.
3. Discrimination by advertising that housing is available only to persons of a certain race, color, religion, sex or national origin.
4. “Blockbusting” for profit (i.e. persuading owners to sell or rent housing by telling them that minority groups are moving into the neighborhood).
5. Denial to anyone of the use of, or participation in, any real estate services such as brokers’ organization, multiple listing services or other facilities related to the selling or renting of housing.
New York State law prohibits discrimination in the sale, rental or lease of housing accommodation on the basis of race, creed, color, national origin, sex, disability or marital status by owner, lessee, sublessee or managing agent of housing accommodations, or by real estate brokers and salesperson’s.
1. The terms, conditions or privileges of the sale, rental or lease or in the furnishing of facilities or services in connection with any housing accommodation.
2. The printing or circulation of any statement or publication or the use of any form of application or publication for the purchase, rental or lease of a housing accommodation.
The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply: (1) to the rental of a housing accommodation in a building which contains housing accommodation for not more than two families living independently of each other, if the owner or member of his family restricts the rental of all rooms in a housing accommodation to the individuals of the same sex or (2) to the rental of a room or rooms in a housing accommodation or by the owner of the housing accommodation, if such rental is by the occupant of the housing accommodation or by the owner of the housing accommodation, and he or a member of his family resides in such housing accommodation.
This act strengthened the enforcement of the 1968 Fair Housing Law. It is also provided substantial additional protection for handicapped persons seeking housing and limited restrictions on purchasers or renters on account of age or familial status. Sellers or landlords who would decline to sell or rent to persons on account of handicap or familial status are advised to consult an attorney beforehand.
Thank you for your interest in our e-newsletter. Our records indicate that you are already receiving our e-newsletter. If you would like to make changes to your frequency settings, please click on the "My Account" link on the left navigation.
The Free Methodist Foundation supports the ministry of The Free Methodist Church — USA by providing a variety of stewardship services to Free Methodist ministries and families. These services include estate and gift planning. Our team of Christian professionals would love to speak with you and learn about your passion for your family and your favorite Free Methodist ministry — your local church or annual conference, one of our Free Methodist human service ministries, world missions and childcare, one of our educational institutions, or any other of our various ministries! We would consider it a privilege to explore creative and tax-wise ways you can provide funds for your family and these ministries during your lifetime and beyond. We firmly believe estate and gift planning can benefit everyone, whether you consider yourself poor or rich or somewhere in between. You may not think you have much, but by following God's lead with a willing heart, your gift may be just what a loved one or a ministry needs.
Apple Inc. (AAPL) released its quarterly earnings report on Thursday, November 1. The tech company reported better-than-expected earnings and revenue for the fourth quarter but missed the mark on earnings projections for the holiday quarter.
Apple reported quarterly revenue of $62.90 billion. This is up from last year's fourth quarter revenue of $52.58 billion and above the $61.57 billion that Wall Street predicted.
"We're thrilled to report another record-breaking quarter that caps a tremendous fiscal 2018, the year in which we shipped our 2 billionth iOS device, celebrated the 10th anniversary of the App Store and achieved the strongest revenue and earnings in Apple's history," said Apple CEO Tim Cook. "Over the past two months, we've delivered huge advancements for our customers through new versions of iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad and Mac as well as our four operating systems, and we enter the holiday season with our strongest lineup of products and services ever."
The company announced earnings of $14.13 billion for the quarter, which is up from earnings of $10.71 billion one year ago. On an adjusted earnings per share basis, the company reported earnings of $2.91 per share, which was more than the $2.78 per share that analysts predicted.
Despite exceeding Wall Street's earnings and revenue expectations, shares fell more than 7% after earnings were released, due to lower-than-expected revenue projections and disappointing iPhone sales. In the fourth quarter, Apple's iPhone sales brought in $46.89 million in revenue, missing the $47.5 million analysts anticipated. For the holiday quarter, Apple announced on Thursday that it expects revenue to fall between $89 billion and $93 billion, which fell short of analysts' average revenue projections of $93.02 billion.
Facebook, Inc. (FB) reported quarterly earnings on Tuesday, October 30. The social media giant beat earnings expectations but fell short on revenue.
Facebook announced revenue of $13.73 billion for the third quarter. This is up 33% from revenue of $10.33 billion reported in the same quarter last year, but fell below the $13.78 billion in revenue that Wall Street expected.
"Our community and business continue to grow quickly, and now more than 2 billion people use at least one of our services every day," said Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg. "We're building the best services for private messaging and stories, and there are huge opportunities ahead in video and commerce as well."
The company reported earnings of $5.14 billion for the quarter, up from earnings of $4.71 billion one year ago. On an adjusted earnings per share basis, the company posted earnings of $1.76 per share, which was above analysts' estimates of $1.47 per share.
The social media giant faced its fair share of challenges in the third quarter. In September, Facebook announced that it discovered a data breach affecting nearly 30 million users' accounts. During a call with investors on Tuesday, Zuckerberg acknowledged the breach, stating, "We have a long road ahead to prevent these types of attacks in the future." He added, "The upcoming election will be a real test of the protections we've put in place."
General Electric Company (GE) announced quarterly earnings on Tuesday, October 30. The company reported earnings and revenue that fell below analysts' predictions, causing shares to fall more than 8% after the report's release.
Revenue for the third quarter reached $29.57 billion. This was down from revenue of $30.66 billion reported during the same quarter last year and below the $30.25 billion in revenue that analysts expected.
"After my first few weeks on the job, it's clear to me that GE is a fundamentally strong company with a talented team and great technology," said GE CEO H. Lawrence Culp Jr. "However, our results are far from our full potential. We will heighten our sense of urgency and increase accountability across the organization to deliver better results."
GE reported a quarterly net earnings loss of $22.86 billion, which is less than last year's third quarter earnings of $1.19 billion. On an adjusted earnings per share basis, the company posted earnings of $0.14 per share, which fell short of the $0.20 per share that analysts predicted.
The company's earnings loss was due, in large part, to a $22 billion noncash goodwill impairment charge related to acquisitions made in GE's power business. On Tuesday, the company announced that the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Department of Justice will be investigating the charge. GE also revealed on Tuesday that it will be cutting its dividend from $0.14 per share to $0.02 per share. The news, coupled with the company's revenue and earnings miss, caused shares to fall 8.8% after the report's release.
The Dow started the week of 10/29 at 24,819 and closed at 25,271 on 11/2. The S&P 500 started the week at 2,683 and closed at 2,723. The NASDAQ started the week at 7,272 and closed at 7,357.
Yields on U.S. Treasury bonds rose on Friday after the release of the latest jobs report. Earlier in the week, the yield on the 30-year Treasury bond reached a four-year high following the release of better-than-expected private payrolls data.
On Friday morning, the Commerce Department provided the latest jobs report, which revealed that job growth rebounded in September while wage gains surpassed 3% for the first time since 2009. Nonfarm payrolls rose 250,000 in October, far surpassing the 190,000 increase that analysts expected. Average hourly earnings were up 3.1% year-over-year, marking the best annual increase in nine and a half years.
"These were excellent job growth numbers and excellent revisions," said Jim Vogel, interest rate strategist at FTN Financial. "Inside the wage growth figures, you now have this annualized growth rate above 3%. So, we've got almost exactly what we expected without a blowout in wage growth."
After the jobs data was released, the yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped two basis points to 3.176%. The yield on the two-year note rose 2.4 basis points to 2.891%.
Some investors speculate that the upbeat jobs report could nudge the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates one more time before the year is up. The most recent rate hike was in September, which was the third time the Fed raised borrowing costs this year.
"The economy really cranked it up a notch in October," said Chris Rupkey, chief financial economist at MUFG. "[T]his will give Fed officials the confidence to keep raising interest rates to normal levels because this economy does not need the support of monetary policy to continue to grow."
On Wednesday, the yields rose after Automatic Data Processing reported that the economy added 227,000 private sector jobs in October, far surpassing the 189,000 jobs analysts expected. After the data was released, the yield on the 30-year Treasury bond rose 3.9 basis points to a four-year high of 3.397%.
The 10-year Treasury note yield closed at 3.22% on 11/2, while the 30-year Treasury bond yield was 3.46%.
Freddie Mac released its latest Primary Mortgage Market Survey (PMMS) on Thursday, November 1. The report revealed average mortgage rates were slightly lower this week than they were one week ago.
The 30-year fixed rate mortgage averaged 4.83% this week, down from 4.86% last week. During this time last year, the 30-year fixed rate mortgage averaged 3.94%.
This week, the 15-year fixed rate mortgage averaged 4.23%, down from last week when it averaged 4.29%. Last year at this time, the 15-year fixed rate mortgage averaged 3.27%.
"While higher mortgage rates have led to a decline in home sales this year, the weakness has been concentrated in expensive segments versus entry-level and first-time buyer which remains firm throughout most of the rest of the country," said Sam Khater, Chief Economist at Freddie Mac. "Despite higher mortgage rates, the monthly mortgage payment remains affordable. For many buyers, the chronic lack of entry-level supply is a larger hurdle than higher mortgage rates because choices are limited and the inventory shortage has caused home prices to rise well above fundamentals."
Based on published national averages, the money market account closed at 1.22% on 11/2. The one-year CD finished at 2.57%.
This site is informational and educational in nature. It is not offering professional tax, legal, or accounting advice.
For specific advice about the effect of any planning concept on your tax or financial situation or with your estate, please consult a qualified professional advisor.
The Move are rightly regarded as one of the ‘60s most explosive and groundbreaking acts. Fronted by guitarist/songwriter Roy Wood, The Move met with little success in the States but their unyielding inspiration and influence spanning decades far outshined the commercial success that eluded them. ELO, slated for induction in April of 2017 into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, were borne out of the ashes of the Move and its initial incarnation featured Wood and founding member, drummer Bev Bevan along with Jeff Lynne who joined the Move in the latter part of their career. Two bands already in the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame bands cite the immeasurable impact of the Move in shaping their sound and songwriting: KISS’s Paul Stanley modeled the band’s signature classic “Firehouse” after the Move’s “Fire Brigade” while Cheap Trick tipped their hat by covering the band’s “California Man,” paying further tribute to their heroes by slipping the riff of another Move song, “Brontosaurus,” into the bridge.
Out now is a terrific DVD/CD combo, Magnetic Waves Of Sound: The Best Of The Move (Cherry Red Records), which culls 21 sonic nuggets demonstrating the group’s mastery of pop, vaudeville, psychedelia, hard rock, pastoral acoustic rock, throwback ‘50s rock and roll, power pop and majestic Beatlesque ballads. But the real treat here is the DVD, which culls 21 performances of the band circa 1967-1970 spotlighting the band’s historic appearances on UK shows, Top of The Pops, and an extraordinary 10 song live set taped for Colour Me Pop. The package also culls three live cuts taped from the German TV show Beat Beat Beat, various Beat Club performances charting the band’s final recordings along with a rarely seen promo video for “I Can Hear The Grass Grow.”
Roy Wood: Yeah, it was at the Belfry Hotel in Sutton Coldfield. When we first started we were doing a lot of Motown stuff, but actually playing it more in a rock way. Everybody in the band sang and we did a lot of harmonies. I was always well into harmonies anyway because I was influenced by the Beach Boys. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. I was trying to persuade the band to do more original material and they were getting into it gradually. When we first started we did just a few of mine, maybe six or so. “Night of Fear” would have been one. Even though we hadn’t recorded it yet, “I Can Hear the Grass Grow” would have been one as well.
Denny was a friend of Tony Secunda’s and he was also involved with the publishing side of it. To be perfectly honest, I used to get on well with Denny but I never thought he was a very good producer. He relied very heavily on the engineer. I think we recorded the songs fairly quickly.
Tony Secunda was always full of surprises. We’d played a gig in London and we went back to the hotel and Carl Wayne came up to me and said, “We’ve just been told that we’re in the studio tomorrow and we’ve got to record a single— have you got one?” I said, “Well, not on me. Not at the moment.” He produced a bottle of scotch out of his pocket and gave me the key to one of the hotel rooms, because in those days we used to double up. We used to share because we couldn’t really afford single rooms in those days. It was the first time I ever had my own room in a hotel. He produced this key and a bottle of scotch and said, “Get on with it.” (laughs) The other guys went out for a drink before the pubs closed. It must have been about 11 o’clock at night and I just wrote all the way through the night. Then at about 8:30 in the morning the band came in and I played it to them and they just sang along with it and said, “Great, let’s go and do it.” (laughs) They had to sort of hold me up to do the session.
In those days the media were looking for things like that anyway. I think whatever we had recorded I think they would have tried to find a loophole somewhere. I think they had that sort of feeling about that and “Flowers in the Rain,” really. But really, I got the ideas for the lyrics from those things that I had written at school.
No, I didn’t know that. The best thing I ever heard was in the ’60s. I heard Jimi Hendrix play “I Can Hear the Grass Grow” after a rehearsal, and it was brilliant. (laughs)
It was put together very cheaply on a shoestring. We went over and landed in New York. We hired one of those U-Haul trailer things and a ranch wagon and put our gear in the back and just drove all the way across to San Francisco, stopping off and playing on the way. It was a good way to see America, because I’d never been there before.
We had to make a hasty exit from this truck stop place where we stopped off for something to eat in Texas. These cowboys came up and in those days they didn’t like long hair on people. They came up and tried to pick a fight and I think our roadie took the bait. It ended up this one guy took his belt off and hit the roadie with it and we all made a hasty exit because they were big guys. (laughs)
Following the lead of a heavier sounding song like “Brontosaurus,” was that more the direction that you wanted the Move to follow?
Yeah, definitely. I can’t remember much about the actual recording session except it was the first song Jeff Lynne played on with us. I remember that. We did a BBC television thing, which was the predecessor to a program called The Old Grey Whistle Test. We had to go on and do “Brontosaurus” and we had a rehearsal and we were all in the dressing room and I had this long sort of coat, which was made of black and white triangles of material. I was a bit nervous. It was the first time I’d ever been the lead singer on TV. I was thinking that it was time for a new image. The guys went to the bar and I put this jacket on and it looked like there was something missing that should have went with the jacket. So I got my comb and I combed my hair out so it looked really wild. I went down to the makeup department and borrowed some black and white makeup and I made my face up to match the coat with trian­gles around the eyes and I put a star in the middle of my forehead—and this was the creation of the Wizzard image, really, but I did it then. When we did the program I started rolling around the floor and biting the neck off my guitar and all that as you do. (laughs) To begin with I didn’t feel comfortable doing it but I had a few large vodkas before I went on so I was all right. We had a great reaction from that. Up until the breakup of the Move that was the image that we portrayed.
Oh, dear… Basically, we collaborated on quite a few things but because of our publishing situation it usually went down on the sleeve as a Roy Wood or Jeff Lynne song. I don’t remember any tracks that were written together. There was one of Jeff’s called “The Minister” that I liked a lot, which we worked on together. “Ella James” was one of mine that we worked on together.
Retro-Active is written by Ken Sharp, who can be reached directly at sharpk@aol.com or 818-986-9715 . ©2017. All rights reserved.
When can you start? medicalplace.med.br Asked about the talks, Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner saidthe world's biggest retailer was focused on investing itsresources in improving safety in factories, but did not commentdirectly on compensation demands from victims.
I want to make a withdrawal ciprofloxacin hcl dosage for dogs Addressing the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , Abdi Farah Shirdon denounced what he called the "cowardly attack" by al Shabaab militants on a shopping mall in the Kenyan capital Nairobi and said those responsible must be held accountable.
Will I have to work on Saturdays? choosehealthy.com kaiser The group of 30 does not include unsigned restricted free agent Derek Stepan. There have been no developments in the negotiations since GM Glen Sather took aim at Stepan's agent on Monday in an MSG interview for holding up the process.
I've been made redundant funmed.org.ar The courts have effectively rejected that argument, sayingthat if a case is to be made, evidence must be presented.Lawyers for the Iranians argue there simply is no evidence thatproves any link to the nuclear programme - a view supported byBritish judges who did review some secret material this year.
Not available at the moment metoprolol er succinate for anxiety There are the almost ritual concessions to get talks going - the release of Palestinian prisoners by Israel; a cloudy understanding either to freeze or restrict new construction in Israeli settlements; and the equally public announcement of new building anyway as a conservative Israeli government seeks to placate domestic opponents of the peace talks to its right.
Restaurants and Dining Guide - Puerta Vallarta is a General restaurant located at 3005 S Banker St, Effingham IL 62401. If you are a restaurant owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide for free.
A place to discuss all things related to current professional road races. Here, you can also touch on the latest news relating to professional road racing. A doping discussion free forum.
It might mean nothing but I think it's a good sign he cares about that stage and isn't indifferent about it.
Also he's been in Innsbruck after Romandie and went to see the World's courses. He'll target both the ITT and the RR there.
The #Giro101 is about to start but this might still be the best photo of the day. @rogla in Austria, doing recon of the @ibk_tirol2018 World Champs course while visiting his old hunting grounds..
tobydawq wrote: I think Roglic will go for the Tour GC - maybe he won't admit to it beforehand but I'm sure that these two victories in País Vasco and Romandy have made him and his team realise just what he is capable of. Which is quite a lot more than they would have thought before this year where he hadn't exactly excelled in GC battles in mountainous terrain.
With him being the dominant TT'er amongst the very best climbers, it is evident for everybody and his dog that Roglic now has the abilities required of a GC rider (also in GTs). Whether or not he will succeed in the Tour is another question but I definitely think they will want to try. But there is no need for them to put too much pressure on him by saying that he will aim for such and such on GC - it's fine to keep those thoughts inwardly at first.
Me personally I'd much rather have him winning or trying to win the one week races, than trying for three week tours and end up anonymous like Aru or similar. You also need a good amount of luck and team support to really contest. I guess sticking to what you are good at, just like Quickstep have specialized in winning stages and are doing so very successfully.
I expect he will ride for GC and expect at least a top 5 if he can go the distance - And he will have decent support at the TDF.
yaco wrote: I expect he will ride for GC and expect at least a top 5 if he can go the distance - And he will have decent support at the TDF.
He isn't Jumbo's leader nor is he targeting a GC. 2019 is the likely the year they'll unleash him for a GT GC.
Lequack wrote: Me personally I'd much rather have him winning or trying to win the one week races, than trying for three week tours and end up anonymous like Aru or similar. You also need a good amount of luck and team support to really contest. I guess sticking to what you are good at, just like Quickstep have specialized in winning stages and are doing so very successfully.
I think the team is going to at least try and find out where they are with him on GC. They don't have anything to lose.
Roglic can do a soft GC as many a rider has done in the past - The aim will be to keep in GC until the first rest day and then see what happens - I suggest that Kruiswiljk is the de-facto leader.
Well all the stages until the first rest day are flat, so the only differences are probably going to be in the Team TT.
This is not true. The 4th stage is hilly, the 5th ends on Mur de Bretagne and the 8th has cobbled sectors. If we add the before mentioned TTT, wind in some stages and inevitable crashes, gaps will be made between GC riders until the first rest day.
Gesink said in an interview I've read a couple of days ago that both Kruijswijk and Rogla will go for GC in the Tour. At least from the start. Then the road will decide the tactics going forward. I think it's a wise decision. You don't win Pais Vasco and Romandie in dominant fashion only to go and lose time on purpose in the first week of the Tour. There's no point in that. You try and stay with the best as long as possible. If he loses too much time that's unfortunate. Then he needs to change his objectives and chase stage wins. There'll be enough opportunities for that even if he stays high on GC. There's no pressure on him to do a good GC, but if he manages, then great. Either way he'll have a great Tour in my opinion. Just no crashes in the first week please.
Usually they have six riders. I'm not sure if the number of riders per nation is reduced for this years' edition. Anyway Roglic, Polanc, Mohoric and Spilak (if he decides to ride, I really don't konow why he shouldn't) should be in the squad. Then depends on the shape and riders' priorities. I've heard Brajkovic's goal is to do well in Slovenia, Austria and to be selected in WC team.
Yes, Roglic, Polanc, Mohoric and Spilak + Tratnik would be pretty good. I think that Jani is not the same rider without a certain ds, but that discussion probably belongs in another suberforum. If it's 6 riders that you need one for the final spot, Pogacar is probably too young and should rather ride the U23 race and I don't know about Jani, probably Novak or Bole as a workhorse. You could also send an interesting young guy like Žiga Grošelj, it's not like they'll be forced to control the race.
If he wasn't planning to at least stay in contention int the Tour I doubt he would do a recon of the cobbled stage. But he went there specifically for that. It is reasonable of course not to say out loud that he is going to try for GC since he probably doesn't even know himslelf how he might respond. But I think it suits him that Kruiswijsk is de facto leader, since that will mean less pressure for him, at least at the start of the race. I just hope that the team make sure that he gets through the first week safely and that they train their TTT a bit. Crosswind, cobbles, crashes could be tricky if you are all on your own.
Saying that, a dominant winner of two one week WT races, who has by himself beaten the Movistar A squad and a flying Bernal (plus he will most likely win Slovenia as well in two weeks time) doesn't just go under the radar. There will be questions for him and he will be seen as a potential candidate.
Those stages shouldn't necessarily be relevant for who rides for gc. I can see Roglic being near the top of the gc after the first week but if he can't climb with the best he should go for stages anyway. The first three stages of the 2nd week are more important for that decision.
Some GC contenders could lose 2+ minutes in the TTT - Results from cobbled stage will be determined by the weather - Inclement weather conditions will mean gaps.
Resume examples salon manager cut it out kktv11 news interview youtube photo. Short sleeved women s fashion beautician beautyn manager overalls skirt uniform set for receptionist womens. Salon manager photo resume examples of resumes and get ideas to create your with the best way.
Yocale Book 2018, Derma Medical Laser Clinic is ranked as a top Medical Spa in Vancouver BC | Derma Medical Laser clinicDerma Medical Laser clinic
I was on my way home, when i branch at one supermarket i ask how much for catton of indomie they said two thousand four hundred naira, i went home and check my wallet, money no dey, na which kind wahala be this na eh, i put a call to my loving elder sister.
Sis B: no be about fine na about character, i think say i don tell you before, the beauty of a woman is inside not outside she said.
I cut the call, truly no be about fine sha, if say na by beauty lara for nor gree marry oshiomhole na, but na because of money lara marry oshiomhole, so any one wey she find for me, if e nor fine she must get pepper.
I took my wallet and head to first band opposite MCC road there, i reach there omo see que, the que long reach road sotey them come bend like snake, upon all say na 6 atm matchine dey there oh ( i hear say them don do three join), i waited for my turn, while waiting i receive a call from adanna.
adanna: i see no problem, please go home when you finish in bank, when i come visit you we will go and buy the indomie together.
I withdraw 2k remaining 1k for my account, i went home direct, to wait for adanna, when i get home, i saw the padlock of my door open, i open the door and went in and there lay the charming angel with two catton of indomie on the floor.
I open my door and the mysterious lady was sitting on my bed mysteriously with two mysterious catton of indomie on the floor, she wore a short skirt abi mini skirt, and a white handless shirt, i walk in majestically like a gentleman.
me: am alright, i dont need to ask you how you got my key, but why didnt you tell me you bought the indomie already (at least i for no go withdraw that small change wey dey for pocket na)
Adanna: o come on you dont need to thank me, if i dont take care of you who will? (according to ritababe).
She smiled as we sat down together on my bed, no light for house chai gbege ( and the one wey she dress come like this something must happen oh, and my room wey dey hot like hellfire when no light, she brought hollandio yoghurt from her bag and bread, we started eating and discussing.
Adanna: well you are right but am not some kind of vampire or cannibal, but those food am eating mean nothing to me, i just consume them to balance your satisfaction, my real food is live meat.
I was putting food in my mouth when she mention human i paused like somebody wey im mama catch dey thief meat for pot like cherrybrown ;D
Adanna: come on i was just pulling your leg, i dont eat human, if i do those guys that attack you that, that body would not have been found.
Adanna: yeah, she travel and you will never see her again, she said bowing her head in a sorrowful way.
also don't forget to leave a Reply, we would very MUCH appreciate Your Comments On This Post Below. Thanks!
Comments, Pictures and culled stories posted on this website will be given due credit and is not the fault of Gidifans.com if they are given original credit from site culled from. If you have a complaint or a story, Please Send To Us Via [email protected]
Adblock is a powerful ad-blocker extension for Google Chrome browser to help block ads from interrupting your browsing.It was inspired by Adblock Plus for Firefox and features many of the same tools for blocking ads. However, this project has nothing to do with the latter. Adblock is incredibly powerful and blocks just about everything including pre-video ads in YouTube. When it's blocking ads, you'll notice the Adblock logo glow red in your Chrome taskbar.There are filter lists that you can add or delete sites from within the add-ons panel. It's important to filter sites that you do need flash pop-ups to work on (such as Grooveshark) for example, in order for applications to work properly while Adblock is working.Adblock is a very powerful ad blocking tool that may make your pages look a bit empty, but is certainly effective.'
Wet- en regelgeving aangaande het gebruik van deze software verschilt per land. Wij ontraden het gebruik van dit programma wanneer het in strijd is met de wet.
GAC Website Album list Last uploads Last comments Most viewed Top rated My Favourites By date Search
In addition , they use these expenses to be able to counteract moreover connected with giving memory cards to especially people with lousy credit. Although new economical regulations restrict the desire charge businesses may charge, many costs keep extremely high. You actually should check closely, you will be offered a great introductory cost for these initially some lots of several weeks, or even the first of all of virtually all season, although then hike it in place with a price this you would probably not really enjoy a.
If you are after a leading Visa as well as MasterCard if perhaps you need education as early as skills paying out debts on the internet, and also intend this safety involving recognizing your current precious $ is safe, some sort of prepaid credit card could possibly be the particular ideal selection for all. Such offer quick agreement utilizing the features you would anticipate on a checking account. You own full admittance backside internet, enabling you to pay bills, move money, and in many cases create special deposit.
It can be beneficial meant for loan companies to help find tactics connected with generate their whole decisioning processes even more efficient as well as efficient. A proven way that lots of these organizations have got efficient most of their procedures is by making use of an application form supplier and also software programs as being a program (SaaS). One particular typical software for SaaS whilst in the economic products and services industry could be the automation of tasks within the mastercard decisioning practice. Employing SaaS, charge card decisioning might be done perfectly, efficiently, as well as speedily.
Quick credit standing card decisioning could often be the technique of reviewing a credit card application, pulling the ideal credit info, determining credit worthiness and picking a choice00 of no matter whether or not typically the consumer is a wonderful credit chance incase so what your terms to the very mastercard need to be. This particular decisioning method persists to get evolved through buying days or weeks as well as several weeks in an effort to finish to be able to acquiring one simple topic of mins. This prompt decisioning could possibly be supplied with the usage of decisioning platform which might be developed, supplied, and hosted by purely an external supplier.
Applications when something (SaaS) has to be your platform formulated and even organised with a provider external to be able to organization using software program. Because it is without doubt hosted outside the body typically the finance organizations have the key advantages connected with scalability, trustworthiness, and convenience. Most of these courses usually are global in any case giver techniques that will get multiple clients, that means the personal institution may expand the amount of transactions without any issues with regards to server capacity. They happen to be good since well simply because have a fantastic lots of uptime since they are skilled in neuro-scientific hosting and want state-of-the-art devices and in addition various realtime burn hosting space with regards to breakdown within the significant place. The exact services position in inside the house for last part business buyers to use since the parts in addition to decisioning tend to be without difficulty altered without the employment of THIS; this is effective because of the qualities may very well be quickly adaptable for you to add replacing consumer perform and outside the house affect.
Software suppliers genuinely are improving the suggests financial corporations do money card decisioning; most of these institutions now can quickly returning outcome of build consumer seemed to be accepted, and if exactly what item were definitely these people authorised to get. The following genuinely favorable to your client because in case these individuals recognized additionally they might promptly get started with the help of their whole visa or mastercard. It is useful to your officer because fewer manual review it will certainly take, considerably more applications may very well be processed, also because the practice will be based at a collection concerning forex trading attributes, problem in addition to frame of mind are usually pretty much removed within the decision-making course of action. Read through more:
For flight simulation purposes only. Fly Virtual is in no way affiliated with any real world airline.
Thank you for your inquiry to CDC-INFO. Your request for information was forwarded to the CDC Division of Healthcare Quality Promotion. We hope you find their reply helpful.
Thank you for writing back to us. CDC cannot answer your specific question regarding fecal dust and environmental contamination. Environmental surfaces that are contaminated with infectious fecal material can be an important factor in the transmission of certain diseases; however, we cannot address the role of fecal dust following wiping.
buy viagra need prescription An introduction to get VT up and running in your online and/or face-to-face classes. Discussion would include how to upload media, comment and annotate on that media, and share it with others. Up next would be learning how to use comment moderation to formatively assess student work. Finally, VT and LMS integration would be discussed.
Dr. Arunava Roy recently completed a Mastery Workshop with VoiceThread as a part of the CETL scholarship project and will share what he learned.
“For much of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, the Haydenville Mining and Manufacturing Company controlled every aspect of life in the factory town of Haydenville, Ohio. Specializing in ornate bricks and mundane sanitation tile, the corporation shipped its products all across the United States and the world. Changes in the structure of the domestic and global economies led to the closure of the town’s factories in the 1950s. What remains today is one of America’s most intriguing lost places: buildings made from the company’s signature bricks crumble into ruin, an abandoned tunnel utilized by miners and factory workers rests right outside of town, and piles of strewn brick and tile serve as symbolic tombstones of the dead town’s past. This essay explores all of this and more, seeking to understand how and why a town that was instrumental in the construction of the American nation has fallen into such disrepair and ghostliness.”
Digital Footprints and College Students: Learning how to create an effective web presence to survive in today’s economy
This will be a brief presentation on the importance of crafting a likeable, professional web presence by paying careful attention to what one posts online. Topics included in this presentation include digital literacy, digital footprints (active and passive), social media, privacy, data, and education.
An introduction to get VT up and running in your online and/or face-to-face classes. Discussion would include how to upload media, comment and annotate on that media, and share it with others. Up next would be learning how to use comment moderation to formatively assess student work. Finally, VT and LMS integration would be discussed.
Dr. Jon Ernstberger, Associate VP for Academic Affairs at LaGrange College will join us via Webex to discuss what online teaching is all about and how the pedagogy differs from face-to-face teaching. This will be a valuable conversation for everyone to be a part of as Young Harris launches its newest online initiatives. NOTE: venue is scheduled at CETL but might have to move to Student Senate Chambers, depending on if we can get Webex to work at CETL. J
Starting at 1:00 pm on Wednesday, we will stream the Online Learning Consortium’s (OLC) International Conference from Orlando, FL until 12:30 pm Friday. Sessions will be ongoing – refreshments provided. Drop in! Click here for full schedule. Topics include: supporting online students, how to engage students, fostering online community in a graduate program, digital storytelling, etc.
Award of Projects to Continuing Service Contractors Selected through a Qualifications Basis updated 7/30/2018
how to build a house on stilts stilt houses reduce risk of flooding and also capture cooling breezes.
nice modern stilt house plans homes on stilts jungle elevated, sq ft on piers beach house plans by, fun looking tree house on stilts ideas, houses on stilts plans beach cottage house,homes build coastal house on pilings stilts , beach house stilts small plans on pilings simple, houses and homes building materials interior construction of, 7 extraordinary types of stilt houses found in living, advice on foundation for a cabin stilts in timber framing log,elevated piling and stilt house plans coastal home .
Our full plumbing services focuses on discovering services that will not only conserve you cash however will last a lifetime.
You can easily discover their services near your doorstep. When you must choose the plumbing services there are great deals of things that ought to be born in mind prior to picking the professional plumbing services. No matter the scenario, emergency situation plumbing services Bantam, CT are simply a telephone call away!
For one, plumbing has a great deal of unique specializeds. The majority of people don’t find out ways to deal with plumbing that completely well which is the reason it is essential to call in a expert if you wish to discover work done. Plumbing is an integral function in residential and commercial constructions Bantam, CT. Industrial plumbing isn’t really only excellent for staying up to date with the state of the building, however it’s also mandatory for state guidelines. Effectively operating house plumbing is simply one of the most considerable sections of the convenience in your house Bantam.
You must find a plumbing professional to appear and fix the problems you’re having, however it seeks hours and lots of plumbing companies are closed Bantam, CT. So, the initial concept is to check that the plumbing ought to be a licensed one considering that only such individuals have total the whole training that’s needed to carry on with solutions to sever emergency troubles. For this reason, it’s advised that you call the plumbing professional with no additional hold-ups. When you get a comparable plumbing professional been available in each minute, they’ll be acquainted with your home’s plumbing design and system. Plumbings Bantam, CT are rather crucial for everybody. The plumbing professional can not leave the work half done and demand more loan to obtain it totally done. It’s a fact that calling a plumbing professional for emergencies is definitely going to be actually pricey but it’s well worth it.
The next step is the type of services that are provided by the expert plumbing technicians Bantam, CT. Plumbing services will need to reveal you a little way in which they’ve confirmed the background of every one of their staff members. Leading plumbing services can deal with any type of plumbing problem.
You don’t need to pay an additional for their services. Write helpful posts regarding the service you provide. You have to show that it is possible to deliver the services they require. Supplying outstanding service is crucial. You do not have to stress anymore just like expert services offered by the ideal plumbing organisation or plumbing, you can address the problem of obstructed drains Connecticut.
The sorts of services that you could carry out will be dependent on your specific capabilities and training, and your clients’ requirements. As quickly as you have actually interviewed a plumbing support, provide a trip of your house and help them understand the plumbing you’ve got. Plumbing services aren’t simply a service that can be taken lightly for any household or any service properties. There are great deals of plumbing services that assure to use 24 hour assistance, however if you call them throughout the right time of a plumbing emergency, they would not provide help.
Many businesses are eager to provide you with totally free quotes and possibly even complimentary initial design strategies. The majority of such companies preserve a great web presence. Methods to receive a credible plumbing company Locating a trustworthy plumbing provider is a little bit of difficult task, which is the reason why you need to be a tiny bit more focused when selecting the plumbing professional. Few other plumbing services have computerized devices that request that you leave a message.
Plumbing service will charge a fee just for coming out in addition to the true repair charges so ensure you’re clear about both prior to you dedicate. Another reason to utilize a plumbing business is that you’re going to be guaranteed timely support in Bantam, CT. Additionally, you should see to it that the plumbing organisation is licensed and guaranteed in its operations. Residential plumbing businesses provide an extremely wide range of services to match any property owner’s requirements. A lot of domestic plumbing businesses provide emergency services for extremely big leaks and other catastrophic problems.
A plumber ought to have a very clear idea about the building’s layout and foundation to be able to create a correct foundation for underground plumbing fittings. Whilst a customer that you don’t need to be anxious about being responsible for a plumber having an accident when working in your house. Looking For a Plumbing Company in CT It’s simple to locate a trustworthy plumber in your region. There are various sorts of plumbing which address various requirements and industrial plumbing manages the plumbing needs of commercial buildings. Of course many men and women wish to learn how they can secure the absolute most out of their plumbing and prolong the life span of their fixtures. Truly speaking, maybe it does not require an emergency plumbing, but the little crack in the pipe may get larger and you never understand when it would flood your home.
Our full plumbing services concentrates on discovering services that will not only conserve you cash however will last a lifetime.
You can readily discover their services near your doorstep. When you need to pick the plumbing services there are lots of things that must be remembered prior to choosing the expert plumbing services. No matter the scenario, emergency plumbing services Brokaw, WI are simply a telephone call away!
For one, plumbing has a lot of distinctive specializeds. Most of people don’t discover ways to work on plumbing that entirely well which is the reason that it is very important to contact a expert if you want to find work done. Plumbing is an integral role in domestic and industrial buildings Brokaw, WI. Industrial plumbing isn’t only excellent for keeping up with the state of the building, but it’s also necessary for state regulations. Correctly operating home plumbing is simply among the most substantial areas of the convenience in your residence Brokaw.
You must find a plumbing to appear and fix the problems you’re having, however it seeks hours and great deals of plumbing services are closed Brokaw, WI. So, the very first concept is to inspect that the plumbing professional ought to be a certified one since only such people have total the whole training that’s required to carry on with options to sever emergency situation problems. Thus, it’s suggested that you call the plumbing with no more delays. When you get a similar plumber come in each minute, they’ll be acquainted with your house’s plumbing style and system. Plumbing professionals Brokaw, WI are rather essential for all of us. The plumbing technician can not leave the work half done and request more loan to obtain it fully done. It’s a reality that calling a plumbing professional for emergencies is certainly going to be actually costly however it’s well worth it.
The next action is the sort of services that are provided by the professional plumbers Brokaw, WI. Plumbing services will have to reveal you a little bit of way where they’ve validated the background of every one of their workers. Leading plumbing services can fix any type of plumbing problem.
You do not have to pay an extra for their services. Write helpful short articles regarding the service you supply. You have to show that it is possible to deliver the services they need. Providing impressive service is important. You don’t need to stress anymore similar to expert services offered by the ideal plumbing company or plumbing, you can address the concern of blocked drains Wisconsin.
The sorts of services that you might perform will be dependent on your individual abilities and training, and your customers’ requirements. As quickly as you have interviewed a plumbing support, provide a tour of your home and help them understand the plumbing you’ve got. Plumbing services aren’t simply a service that can be ignored for any home or any company properties. There are lots of plumbing services that guarantee to provide 24 hour help, but if you call them during the right time of a plumbing emergency, they wouldn’t use support.
Many businesses are eager to supply you with totally free quotes and possibly even complimentary initial style strategies. Most of such companies maintain a great web existence. Techniques to receive a credible plumbing company Locating a dependable plumbing service provider is a little bit of hard job, which is the reason you need to be a tiny bit more focused when picking the plumbing technician. Few other plumbing businesses have actually computerized machines that ask for that you leave a message.
Plumbing service will charge a cost only for coming out in addition to the true repair charges so ensure you’re clear about both prior to you commit. Another need to use a plumbing business is that you’re going to be ensured timely assistance in Brokaw, WI. In addition, you need to see to it that the plumbing service is accredited and insured in its operations. Residential plumbing companies provide an incredibly vast array of services to suit any property owner’s needs. Many domestic plumbing businesses supply emergency services for very substantial leaks and other devastating concerns.
A plumber ought to have a very clear idea about the building’s layout and foundation to be able to create a correct foundation for underground plumbing fittings. Whilst a customer that you don’t need to be anxious about being responsible for a plumber having an accident when working in your house. Looking For a Plumbing Company in WI It’s simple to locate a trustworthy plumber in your region. There are various sorts of plumbing which address various requirements and industrial plumbing manages the plumbing needs of commercial buildings. Of course many men and women wish to learn how they can secure the absolute most out of their plumbing and prolong the life span of their fixtures. Truly speaking, maybe it does not require an emergency plumbing, but the little crack in the pipe may get larger and you never understand when it would flood your home.
Southport Home Services has been providing Southeast Wisconsin residents with nothing short of the highest quality heating, air conditioning, plumbing, indoor air quality, and geothermal products and services since 2005.
Powell Plumbing & Pumps LLC is a family owned, local business. We are proud to serve the Wisconsin Rapids, WI region and those within a 30-mile radius of our beautiful city. Our company is licensed and insured and proud to offer quality pumps, septic, water-heaters, and other plumbing services. We are a trustworthy team of friendly professionals that has been serving the community for years.
Milestone Plumbing services fixtures, appliances, and plumbing systems in kitchens, bathrooms, utility rooms, laundry rooms, and outdoors. Our clients include residential and small commercial property owners throughout Milwaukee, Waukesha, and Ozaukee counties.
Milwaukee Plumbers | Plumbing Wisconsin | Heating & Air Conditioning As Our Company Has Evolved, so Has Our Company Web Site. While many business owners look at a web site as a “nice to have,” we view ours as a vital communications link between us, our thousands of valued customers, and the friends and customers we look forward to meeting.
Terrytown Plumbing, Heating & Cooling offers quality plumbing & HVAC services to the Baraboo & Portage, WI area & the surrounding communities. Contact us today!
Since 2015, Scott Katzenberger has taken over as President of Gaffney Plumbing, Inc. He is a Master Plumber and looks forward to helping our current clients as well as new customers.
Waukesha plumbers offer expert 24 hour plumbing installation and repair services, well pump installations, and water treatment systems in throughout Southeastern Wisconsin.
Dave Burns Plumbing Inc. is family-owned and serves your local community. Our plumbing services include commercial and residential plumbing repair, remodeling, faucets and fixture installations.
We service South Central WI, including: Dane, Iowa, Lafayette, Richland, Grant, and Green Counties. It’s important to A+ Plumbing that you’re totally satisfied with our services.That’s why we guarantee all our work from start to finish…if your plumbing problem returns we’ll make it right. A+ Plumbing has spent decades developing a reputation as the most reliable area plumbing company ...
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Superior Rebuilding & Repair web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Superior Rebuilding & Repair web site;
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Superior Rebuilding & Repair at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
The materials on Superior Rebuilding & Repair web site are provided "as is". Superior Rebuilding & Repair makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Superior Rebuilding & Repair does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
In no event shall Superior Rebuilding & Repair or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Superior Rebuilding & Repair Internet site, even if Superior Rebuilding & Repair or a Superior Rebuilding & Repair authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
The materials appearing on Superior Rebuilding & Repair web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Superior Rebuilding & Repair does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Superior Rebuilding & Repair may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Superior Rebuilding & Repair does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Superior Rebuilding & Repair has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Superior Rebuilding & Repair of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
Superior Rebuilding & Repair may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Any claim relating to Superior Rebuilding & Repair web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Lodi, NJ 07644 without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Neck Pain and Shoulder Pain Reduced. Range of Motion Improved. “I am so glad that I came to this place! I…
Physical Therapy Relieves Pain so Helen Can Sleep Better “The staff is all amazing!! Dr. Neil and his staff are…
Posted in: Chiropractic, Patient Reviews, Rehab & Physical Therapy Filed under: chiropractor reviews, north olmsted, physical therapy near me, physical therapy review, sports chiropractor near me
Local Chiropractor Helped Relieve Lower Back Pain “Dr. Neil and his team at Superior Spine Care are fantastic! They helped…
Chiropractor Genuinely Wants to See You Get Better! “The office balance is amazing! I have suffered from back pain for…
Posted in: Back Pain, Chiropractic, Patient Reviews, Rehab & Physical Therapy Filed under: Avon Lake, back pain, chiropractor reviews, physical therapy near me, sports chiropractor near me
Tried Several Chiropractors and Superior Spine Care is the Best! “They are wonderful! Courtney is so helpful and professional! Dr…
Personalized Approach at North Olmsted Chiropractor “In today’s world most doctor offices are more like a streamline factory. Get you…
Car Accident Recovery at North Olmsted Chiropractor “I would give my talented treatment team at Superior Spine Care 10 stars if…
Chiropractic Visits to Help my Back “I love this place! My back no matter how sore it is always feels better!…
Posted in: Patient Reviews Filed under: back pain, Chiropractor, chiropractor reviews, Fairview Park, N. Olmsted Chiropractor, sports chiropractor near me
N. Olmsted 5-Star Patient Review: Runner Friendly! “Superior Spine Care is an amazing place. The level of professionalism, excellent customer…
Car Accident: Chiropractic Visits, Massage Therapy & Physical Therapy Treatments “The staff is amazing all around. The receptionist is beyond…
Back pain can range from a dull, constant ache to a sudden, sharp pain that makes it hard to move. It can start quickly if you fall or lift something too heavy, or it can get worse slowly. Read more about the different types of back pain and effective treatment.
The hip joint is designed to withstand repeated motion and a fair amount of wear and tear and hip pain can often be caused by improper alignment of other joints. Learn more.
The neck’s susceptibility to injury is due in part to biomechanics. Activities and events that affect cervical biomechanics include extended sitting, repetitive movement, accidents, falls and blows to the body or head, normal aging, and everyday wear and tear. Read more.
Knee pain can be a result of injury or disease of the knee joint. Injury can affect any of the ligaments, bursae, or tendons surrounding the knee joint. Injury can also affect the ligaments, cartilage, meniscus, and bones within the joint. Read more.
The shoulder joint is the most frequently used joint in the body because it moves every time you move your arm. It also has the widest range of motion of any other joint in your body. This makes it one of the most vulnerable joints in the body. Learn more about rotator cuff/shoulder injuries.
Ankle injuries are often caused by rolling the ankle while running or changing direction. When they become chronic, the ankle joint loses motion, causing altered mechanics in the knee, hip or even lower back and pelvis. Learn more about ankle pain.
Schedule a patient evaluation with Superior Spine Care's Clinic Director and Doctor of Chiropractic, Dr. Neil Wensink today. Want to visit the clinic and ask some questions first? Schedule a 10 minute, free, consultation.
In this episode Dave and Cam discuss discipleship, actually doing what Jesus says, contextualizing the Gospel, the Holy Spirit, and the Parable of the Talents. We know you have thoughts, get in touch and let us know what you think.
** If you hear our audio go from bad to good about halfway through this episode it's because Cam forgot to plug the microphones into the computer. Yes, after 90 episodes, mistakes still happen. Sorry!!
If you want to compare the salaries of grads who attend an engineering school with those from a liberal arts college, use our complete list of all the schools in our study, organized by school type and ranked by starting and mid-career salary.
In his political guidelines for the new Commission, President Barroso set out his vision for where the European Union should be heading for in 2020. He believes that the exit from the current crisis should be the point of entry into a new sustainable social market economy, a smarter, greener economy where our prosperity will result from innovation and from using resources better, and where knowledge will be the key input.
The Commission intends to present a formal proposal for the EU 2020 strategy early next year, with a view to the EU's Heads of State and government adopting the strategy at their Spring 2010 meeting.
In the meantime, the Commission would like to hear your views on some suggested broad policy considerations for the future EU2020 strategy. A public consultation process has been opened with a time frame from 24.11.2009 to 15.01.2010.
ESAMI has conference facilities with a sitting capacity of 150 participants. There are 10 seminar rooms and a Computer Lab with all the equipment that modern technology offers. All the rooms have wifi and are elegantly laid out to ensure serene and comfortable learning environment.
The Centre for Entrepreneurship and Innovation was established by ESAMI in collaboration with LUSEM and officially launched at ESAMI headquarters in Arusha, Tanzania on 26th November 2011 for purposes of supporting the economic development and the fight against poverty in Africa through innovation and entrepreneurship development. It is in recognition of the important role played by business enterprises in both social and economic stability and growth through employment creation, trade and supply of essential goods and services that the centre was established.
The centre is domiciled at ESAMI and hosts a venture laboratory for developing entrepreneurs and innovators in Africa. It is also an incubation centre for businesses resulting from student research case studies and projects developed under expert supervision and guidance.
a.In general, the centre is intended to promote innovation and entrepreneurship development in Africa
b.It is specifically aimed at helping to increase knowledge and skills in new venture creation and business management.
d.Facilitate development, design and conduct of various academic and executive development programmes in entrepreneurship, innovation and business management
The Centre is intended to serve the whole of the African region targeting budding and aspiring entrepreneurs. It also targets well established businesses.
The centre will seek and enter into partnerships with key players in business and industry for purposes of nurturing and supporting the innovation and entrepreneurial process. The following are among the key stakeholders the centre shall be working with:
These will provide the support structure for the nascent businesses and entrepreneurs in terms of financing, attachment/mentoring, source of raw materials/market for products produced, source of new technology, etc. It will also offer business people a forum to float and test new ideas for business and product innovations.
ESAMI is an Inter-Governmental regional management development organization established in 1980 and currently owned by ten African member states. These include Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Seychelles, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe. It was established in 1980 to service the eastern and southern African countries. In 1997, through a resolution of the Council of Ministers, the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) designated ESAMI as a centre of Excellence for Management Development in Africa. This effectively transformed ESAMI into the African Management Institute with a coverage of the whole of Africa.
ESAMI is headquartered in Arusha, Tanzania and in keeping with international conventions has a headquarter agreement with the government of the United Republic of Tanzania. It enjoys diplomatic cover in Tanzania and in all other member states. ESAMI has a tripartite mandate: Management Consultancy; Management Training and Education; and Applied Management Research.
ESAMI is well known in Africa and beyond for its quality management training and education; consultancy and advisory services; research and promotion of successful management and leadership practices. ESAMI offers in addition to its range of short term management training executive master programmes which have developed a lot of interest and demand on the continent and beyond. Some of the on-going masters programmes are MBA, MBA (Transport Economics and Logistics Management); and MBA (Customs Administration and Management).
ESAMI also hosts the Trade Policy Training Centre in Africa (trapca), a project jointly implemented by ESAMI and Lund University of Sweden under Sida support.
Lund University was established in 1666 and is one of the largest, oldest and broadest universities in Scandinavia which has consistently been ranked among the world’s top universities. It is the leading research university in Sweden in terms of research grants. With eight faculties, Lund University activities cover education and research in engineering; science; economics and management; medicine; humanities; theology; fine arts; music and drama. Lund University School of Economics and Management (LUSEM) is one of the eight faculties under which entrepreneurship and management training and education falls. LUSEM is an EQUIS accredited member of EFMD. Lund University is a member of the prestigious research university networks Universitas 21 and the League of European Research Universities (LERU).
Lund University has a long tradition of innovation which started almost a hundred years ago. It has a successful entrepreneurship centre that provides a combination of academic and applied entrepreneurial programs including a unique Venture Lab that has developed many entrepreneurs. Some of the projects started in these venture labs have developed into major business companies.
It is specifically aimed at helping to increase knowledge and skills in new venture creation and business management.
Facilitate development, design and conduct of various academic and executive development programmes in entrepreneurship, innovation and business management
1. Director Voss, Chair; Director Miller, Vice-Chair; Director Báez, Director Harris, Director Woodward Info
1. Action on Resolution 1718R-010 by Director Bonds to Create a City-wide Computer Science Program at Barack Obama School of Career and Technical Education Action
2. Action on Resolution 1718R-015 by Director Voss Regarding District-wide Assessment Results Action
Findings: Both CT scans demonstrate a RLL ground glass opacity. There has been mild enlargement over the 1 year period,...
Findings: The CXR and CT demonstrate a thin-walled cystic lesion with a solid focus and air crescent. ...
Findings: CT: There is a small left lung nodule at the level of the heart. Post-procedure CXR: There is a fiducial seed...
Findings: The CXRs demonstrate wires from a median sternotomy and mediastinal clips from a prior CABG. There are multiple...
Findings: There is a large, well-defined, right, apical opacity. Discussion: On biopsy this proved to be lung...
Findings: A pulmonary abscess is usually roundish and frequently shows an air-fluid level, highlighted with an arrow. There...
Findings: There are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules <5mm in diameter. There is one dominant enhancing nodule in the...
Findings: There are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. There are multiple bilateral thin- and thick-walled...
© 2007-2008 Gillian Lieberman, M.D. All rights reserved. Created by Maneesh Gupta. Built using Radiology Lightsphere.
WHO. Global and regional estimates of violence against women: prevalence and health effects of intimate partner violence and non-partner sexual violence. Geneve: 2013.
3G wireless networks were getting quite a bit of press indirectly through the controversy that was the iPhone and the absense of 3G compatability. Well, on a different note, Mac users are going to have access to the 3G network on their computers now. Sprint and Novatel have developed an card compatable with ExpressCard/34 called the Merlin EX720. It allows for a average download speeds of up to 600 Kbps - 1.4 Mbps and average upload speeds of 350-500 Kbps. When it ships, the drivers for Mac OS X will come along with it, and it will cost a hefty $179.99 with a contract.
copper sink reviews copper sink faucet copper kitchen sink reviews copper sink reviews copper kitchen sinks reviews copper sink copper farmhouse sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper kitchen sink reviews copper sink coated sinks copper sink coated sinks custom kitchen cabinets hahn copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews beautiful native trails copper sink reviews photo ideas copper farmhouse sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper sink reviews copper sink reviews farmhouse copper sink heritage copper farmhouse copper sink reviews kitchen copper sink reviews premier copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews glacier bay bathroom sinks glacier bay copper sink glacier bay sinks dual glacier bay bathroom glacier bay bathroom sinks reviews farmhouse copper kitchen sink reviews.
copper sink reviews best customers s images on copper kitchen sinks reviews copper bathroom sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper sink reviews copper sink copper sink mesmerizing more image ideas copper farm sink copper sink home design ideas living room farmhouse copper kitchen sink reviews.
copper sink reviews sink review sinks reviews copper sink review copper sink reviews copper sink reviews copper sink review s farmhouse sink reviews farmhouse copper kitchen sink reviews.
copper sink reviews farmhouse copper sink picture of copper farmhouse sink single well farmhouse copper sink farmhouse copper sink copper farmhouse sink reviews.
copper sink reviews sink review copper sink reviews copper sink reviews copper sink reviews copper sink review copper sink reviews kitchen chef series handmade large hahn copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper sink reviews sinks throughout designs 9 farmhouse copper kitchen sink reviews.
copper sink reviews amazing home inspiring copper sink reviews at under mount sinks by made in sinkology copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews direct sinks copper sink ideas kitchen and faucets reviews sinkology copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews rustic powder room copper sink reviews with rustic powder room also antique copper sink country dark soluna copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews singular native trails copper sink reviews photo concept copper farmhouse sink reviews.
copper sink reviews sink review floral design copper farmhouse sink copper sink reviews copper apron front sink reviews.
copper sink reviews hammered copper farmhouse sink copper sink reviews direct sink reviews stainless steel kitchen sink hammered copper farmhouse sink hahn copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews kitchens with copper sinks hammered copper sinks copper kitchen sinks reviews copper apron sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper sink reviews brilliant kitchen sinks apron farmhouse within plan throughout copper apron sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper sink reviews copper sink reviews copper sink reviews hammered copper sink farmhouse copper kitchen copper vessel sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper kitchen sink reviews copper sink reviews mixer colors rachiele copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews direct sink reviews artistic bar sink u cashmere at direct copper sink reviews rachiele copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews kitchens with copper sinks pron kitchen reviews farmhouse copper kitchen sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper sink reviews best furniture for home design styles copper apron sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper farmhouse sink copper sink reviews kitchen sink copper copper farmhouse sink copper farm sinks sale copper farmhouse sink soluna copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper sink drain kitchen copper sink kitchen copper sink reviews kitchen copper sink kitchen copper copper sink copper vessel sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper farmhouse sink reviews copper sink reviews how to install a farmhouse sink copper sink reviews copper farmhouse sink reviews copper farmhouse sink reviews.
copper sink reviews copper sink cleaner copper sink cleaner large size of farmhouse sink reviews copper sink care copper copper sink soluna copper sink reviews.
copper sink reviews native trails sink native trails copper sink reviews farmhouse copper kitchen sink reviews.
copper sink reviews image of copper kitchen sinks with white cabinets kitchens throughout sink ideas copper vessel sink reviews.
Gulf strives to maintain a 100% safe operations record on all projects, with zero lost time injury, zero lost work days, zero restricted work cases and zero medical treatment cases.
Gulf supports and follows the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America’s (INGAA) Five Guiding Principles for Pipeline Safety:
Our goal is zero incidents - a perfect record of safety and reliability for the national pipeline system. We will work every day toward this goal.
We are committed to safety culture as a critical dimension to continuously improve our industry’s performance.
We will be relentless in our pursuit of improving by learning from the past and anticipating the future.
We will engage our stakeholders - from the local community to the national level - so they understand and can participate in reducing risk.
Through Gulf's stringent safety program, we maintain an accident free, safe and healthy work environment and ensure awareness of standards and commitment to safe working practices. Gulf produces safe designs in a cost effective manner.
Gulf's corporate safety commitment promotes safety awareness in the field, office and home life and emphasizes adherence to our client's safety requirements. Simply put, your safety goals are our safety goals and we strive for zero incidents on all projects.
Being proactive – to minimize the number of occupational accidents, decrease time lost, continually improve our program, and motive employees, Gulf's Safety Program is certified to OHSAS 18001.
The video to the right has been developed by The INGAA Foundation, an industry association that believes that safety is a value that can never be compromised. Simply put, you are being shown this video because each and every person involved in building a pipeline has a role to play in ensuring safety. Every single person on a work site must be responsible not only for their personal safety but the safety of their co-workers.
During this video, you’ll hear from real pipeliners who will tell you that a good pipeliner is a safe pipeliner. Period. Those pipeliners will also tell you about the safety behaviors and attitudes you need to bring to this job to be successful. The people that need you to come home safely are counting on you listening carefully.
Gulf Interstate Engineering – Our Vision To be the best full-service engineering company in the pipeline industry.
[REQ] 64bit support - No... Not for NT5 based platforms (Page 4) - Feature Requests - DriverPacks.net Forum
Stop making up gossip stories like that. Server 2003 x64 is widely used and uses the exact same base as XP64 does. At least 99 of 100 hardware vendors fully support it, that's why I started posting here. It's really weird that nobody is prepared to create driver-packs for XP x64 Edition. And yes, I'm tempted to create them myself.
And there is the answer... right now we have one coder (me) and two guys working on the packs for XP (mr_ smartepants and JakeLD). We are at the limit of what we can support for just three people. Heck WLAN has not been updated in a year. And if it were not for those two guys NONE of them would have been done. So your solution to the problem we face is to add more packs... I think that's a brilliant solution I may be wrong, but I get the feeling your reaction to this is going to be that "it's not your problem". Unfortunately that is 99.9% of the problem.
Its easy to sit in the stands and yell at the coach and the team, but are you prepared to get in the game?
To put your money where your mouth is? If you have as much "money" as you have "mouth" we should be able to support XP-64 by the end of the week...
So, Let's see some test packs, Proper DriverPacks. If you were to submit valid Graphics, Chipset & Lan packs then you will have convinced me that we would have someone around to update the packs. If I can be made to belive that some help is available to update the packs, then I can and will code DriverPacks BASE to support XP-64. Obviously if no one updates the packs they are not worth having. - This could become your personal contribution, to make an obligation to the community, that would demonstrate to everyone that your commitment to your stated belief runs deeper than a few careless words -
I will restate we get a million downloads a week and nobody askes about XP-64 and even fewer people are willing to do the work it takes to make it happen. Are you one of the few or one of the fewer. Better yet, are you one in a million, will you maintain the 64 bit packs or are you the troll KickArse thinks you are?
Pathetic. I wasn't even linking to "warez", I was pointing out a tendency ANYONE with an internet connection can see using Google or any other meta ptp search engine.
Bunch of hypocrites. As if you are remotely "legal" with the inclusion of drivers in packs. Give us a break and grow up!
Pathetic. I wasn't even linking to "warez", I was pointing out a tendency that ANYONE with an internet connection can see using Google or any other meta ptp search engine.
And the Troll has resurfaced! With your type it's not good enough to leave well enough alone. You linked to a warez/ptp site. That's not allowed. You could have just stated what you said in the quoted text and would not have been in violation of the rules of the forum.
In regards to the legality of the Driverpacks, as far as I know there hasn't been even one cease and desist letter to pull one driver from the packs. If there was we would certainly comply. We aren't really doing anything differently than driverguide.com, drivershq.com, pcdrivers.com, etc. We are packaging the files, editing a couple lines in the INF to clean them up because of bad coding and hosting the driver itself. We aren't modifying the actual drivers sys/dll/cab code at all which would certainly be illegal.
Believe me, the driver vendors are WELL aware of our work here. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if they're LEARNING from our work here.
If their legal department was in the least bit concerned about us, they'd issue a C&D letter and we'd fully comply.
Hmm, someone seems to be spouting off about X64 not unlike an Apple fanboy, and you know i wont tolerate that!
Its a widely understood thing that any mention of P2P (please use the correct terminology, not PTP, when posting in a forum where the average IQ wont tolerate such mistakes please) or software available on, or posting links to such programs is verboten.
Yes anyone with google or P2P program can search for such programs, its not, however your place to provide direct links to or suggest such things in this forum.
As far as legality of this project goes, its been around longer than P2P and unlike P2P hasnt raised a single issue with vendors as far as im aware. In fact, in a fair world, they would donate to the project as it benefits all vendors whose drivers are included. They are well aware of the benefits to large scale IT deployments particularly of such a project.
As for X64, well the project has to focus on the widest userbase, and that happens to be X86. X64 is, and will be for many years to come a niche market. Why? Its the same conundrum that annoys me about PC's in general and niche market wankers and gamers are to blame. You could give 90% of people an i486 running Windows 3.11 and they still be able to do their jobs. Nothing annoys me more than constant MB/Socket updates forcing people to buy overpowered PC's, the reason being that the PC market now is driven by spotty little geeks who play games on their computers. The rest of us who actually use the PC for productive things really dont need the constant upgrades to nearly all PC components which only cater to the slack jawed IQ challenged bedroom tragics who play world of asscraft 24/7.
I dont need a 1Gb video card, nor do i need an X64 CPU to allow me to use great volumes of RAM. Need i mention that for most of its life every CPU, yes even a Quad Core CPU, is going to be spending its life at Idle, so 1Ghz or 4Ghz makes no difference to sane people.
X64 fits into this niche culture, only adopted by once bleeding edge hipster doofuses who still bleet on about why cant i get XXX app to run in stable manner, why does X64 IE crash all the time etc. Why cant i get an X64 driver for XXX bit of hardware...mainly becuase the bit of hardware is cutting edge as well, or is so old that even X86 drivers havent been updated since 1999. It was your decision to go off the mainstream and follow what most of use recognise as a grand experiment in architecture change by MS and CPU vendors to see who and how many would follow them down the X64 rabbit hole.
Dont blame us, you went down that hole willingly, and must suffer at the hands of MS and the CPU makers for your folly
Diluting the manpower assigned to the project to create a side-project to cater for those who decided to become guinea pigs for the X64 cabal probably isnt going to happen, and ill tell you why. The project caters, as ive said, for the widest userbase possible, and theyre mainstream people, people who chose the (mostly) reliable and stable X86 path because theyre mostly people who actually use PC's for what they are intended for, and in a rare moment of solidarity and forming an intelligence nexus, they chose the right way.
Stop blaming the world and own up to your decision to try X64. Sorry it hasnt worked out and that you cant get any help for it here in the way of driverpacks, but were are sensible folk, who run and contribute to a project that caters to people who are running everyday systems.
Oh and if you dont like the answer, why dont you just follow one of the links you posted to other websites and stop increasing the size of our forum with your inane whinging.....
Probably because looking at those links, where the most common words are "error" and "problem" and also usually include the words "Im trying to run Farcry on X64.... or F.E.A.R crashes on my X64 box" (in my world talk of such things would earn you a bullet in the back of the head), youre still too stupid to realise that X64 for any reasonable person is a huge waste of time......
Let's consider 'past' support by MSFT for XP x64 (which, incidentally, ran like Jolly jumper when powered by a 'quite old CPU' like the Q6600 Erik has in his desktop)
MSFT does not write drivers, and far too many people got bit by legacy programs having to run in either compatibility mode or in a virtual machine..
(I can tell you, and should, that the speed/stability benefit of the X64 OS of the past have shown much greater promise in the newer server 2008 OS and Vista X64, and, YES, also in Win7.)
The regular old timer with core knowledge may have other interests, or may have a limitation (like too few suited hardware long-term test motherboards).
There was a time people not only spent time, they also availed hardware for longer term tests, and I (speaking for myself) I cannot afford the losses caused by fast depreciation of hardware.
When you look it over you find A good many core member old timers dropped off long before, and some other will, and still other members will come aboard and become core.
The smart old timer might find he has too little of something. (time, resources, expertise, help, programming skills...)
There was a time I got carried away, while things were easier.. My personal time and thought was on problems caused bu driver writers.. my free time was dwindling.
One of the major handicaps I once complained about was that we no longer had access to a post where the great majority of hardware download sites were referenced.
I (and DriverPacks) need to have as many as possible NOT EDITED drivers, and that possibly means all those we have not yet pruned out.
I need to understand all the differences between the X32 OS in its various Service pack (as in, what is supported in this version of win2000 server gold that is not supported in win 2000 client sp4.. and by extensis, XP32 gold and SP3, Vista gold, and vista SP2.. in 32bit/64bit.)
More to the point, we really need the guru to tell us where, in which files, you find the differences about support.
Because driver writers will not always adhere to the standard for that OS, and our old sore (dupes in variants) is not only about the many OS, but also about the ways drivers get distributed (SAD, RIS, DISC, WWW-windows-update or WUP+RIS)
Their database.. I wish we had access, and then show them how to do the filter. (or, show where the problem are.)
and it has a problem, because driver writers of the past (and the now) still do not always adhere to standard.
when I wrote the "tripe" after thinking about a few things I had speedread.. I thought I had not thought of trends and trolls.
Observance; there is a lot I can think of and we all have learned from a past. One of the people I still respect was a gifted troll.
The guy could help, and more often than not gave correct technical advice, and the site banned him for his political posts.
I know we are here to help you help us, and if I had a site political agenda, it would be aimed to have more techie detail explained by old timer core and, MOST of all, by the new timer whom can/will become core.
As was mentioned in earlier posts, we do not have time to work on XP 64. You will have to find some other site or create them yourself.
It's not a list of "warez", it's a list of OS install images. Any and all persons using driverpacks do not create "warez" when they integrate those packs in installers. Also, warez is something entirely different. Look up its meaning.
"Warez" refers primarily to copyrighted works traded in violation of copyright law. The term generally refers to illegal releases by organized ...
IE if you put an OS available for download... you have "traded in violation of copyright law." and it is therefore Warez... As stated.
Your opinion on not supporting xp64 is the wrong one here, let's have that down for once and for all;
XP x64 should be supported. It's easy, considering the few official drivers that are being maintained for it.
Look, MeOW, there's a reason we have the 3rd Party DriverPacks section, it's there so guys like you can create their own packs to support their rare, exclusive or otherwise uncommon HW.
No one, I repeat, no one is keeping you from bundling " the few official drivers that are being maintained for it" into a pack and releasing it.
The resources are all there, the tuts are all there, you may even ask if there's something still unclear to you after you have read them (thrice...).
Why, in your eyes, do WE have to do it? Do we owe you something or are you just being unreasonable, again...?
Plus, do you mean to say the W7 GUI is preferred over the XP one? Sorry, there are still many who disagree with that. Which is why XP x64 is still in play and kept up to date.
I still get stuff done MUCH faster in XP x64. If anything, Win7 is made for non computer savvy users, not for us experts.
If XP x64 had not been abandoned by MSFT and (which is directly related to the former) had there been better support by HW and SW makers all around I'm sure we'd include proper support for it.
It's not that we hate XP x64 (or you, for that matter), but facts are, it was merely a tech demo by MSFT at that time and not intended for productive use (which complies with the lack of third-party support).
Our resources are meager so we focus on what's most important and that is not XP x64 support, for the aforementioned reasons.
If you want to dedicate some time and efford into creating NT5 x64 DriverPacks, you are more than welcome.
Please, go ahead! I'm sure, if you were to encounter any issues with the BASE, we'd be glad to help out, if possible.
But all you do is troll about lack of support (for reasons that have been told you several times...) and call any user of Win7 (which is, AFAIK, all of the Team) ignorant noobs.
If you are so expert (and you surely must be, using XP x64 and all), why haven't you accomplished creating a DP for that in over a year (see top of post)?
As your skills excel those of all of us combined, that shouldn't have taken you longer than a week, methinks...
@MeOW. If you are REALLY h*ll-bent on supporting XP64, the SAD2 utility I've developed MAY be modified to support it. But I will not support XP64, it's a dead platform.
As a matter of fact, our support for all NT5-based platforms will be diminishing in the near future while we devote more time to NT6.
Sorry, but there are only so many hours in the day and I for one will only support the OS of choice for the vast majority of our users...that does not include XP64.
Get those packs pumped out... Shouldn't take too long since there are only about ten drivers, and we'll figure something out for ya.
If you do a first class job of putting the packs together THEN we MIGHT try to help YOU to make SAD / dpinst.exe work
In case you think your file suffers from corruption you may send us the file for a test. Please note that we do not check for programming faults or wrong field (or other elements) definitions.
The File should NOT be recovered, cloned, or saved as a copy, after the discovery. Only the unmodified damaged file is of any use (unless instructed by us otherwise).
If you are able to create a Clone of the damaged file(s) that shows the exact same symptoms, you can use this Clone instead.
Files MUST be zipped before submission. Zipped sizes up to 50 MB may be emailed. If you need assistance submitting the file(s) please contact us.
If your files are too big to be sent by email, please create a new Dropbox account which is free for up to 2 GB. Please make your Dropbox folder writable, so we can upload the repaired file.
After testing the file we will report back what we have found. Usually these are the possible results:
Repairing Access Privileges typically is US$ 300 per file or per 500 MB (whichever is more) and will take one or two days. EU residents will be charged € 250,-, if they provide a valid VAT-Id, otherwise, as well as German residents, will be charged an additional 19 % VAT, regardless.
A file with about 6000 records suddenly had just one record left. The records inside the file were in fact all gone, but the index of the fields still existed. Since most of the fields were indexed we could recreate the records from the index. The difference to the original file was: all words were lower case and data beyond 100 Bytes of a line in a field was just added as words in alphabetical order, but it made sense to the customer. Numbers, dates, times, and timestamps were restored to their original value.
© 2005 - 2015 Winfried Huslik †. © 2018 Jürgen Geßwein. All Rights Reserved. FMDiff and FMVis are trademarks of Jürgen Geßwein, Augsburg, Germany. FileMaker is a trademark of FileMaker Inc., Santa Clara, CA, USA. Other trademarks mentioned are property of their respective owners. This web site has not been authorised, sponsored, or otherwise approved by FileMaker, Inc.
Childish Gambino and Camila Cabello took home the most moonmen at MTV‘s Video Music Awards on Monday night. Cabello won the two biggest awards of the night, Video of the Year for “Havana” and Artist of the year. “This is America” earned Donald Glover‘s musical alter ego awards for Video with a Message, Best Direction and Best Choreography.
Other multiple award winners from the VMAs included Cardi B for Best New Artist and Song of Summer (“I Like It”). “APES**T” by The Carters won Best Cinematography and Best Art Direction.
Jennifer Lopez was honored with the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award and performed a medley of her hits. Other performers included Nicki Minaj showcasing tracks from her new album Queen, Post Malone teaming up with Aerosmith, Travis Scott celebrating his new hit album Astroworld and Ariana Grande, whose “God is a Woman” performance leaned heavily on theological visuals.
Madonna made an appearance to speak in part about the late Aretha Franklin, but was criticized for the wide-ranging speech that barely touched on the Queen of Soul.
Overcome again! The anguish of Joint inflammation can literally sap you of the will to move, so battle back again with a little warmth! Heating system pads, heating gels, or maybe a hot bathtub will help release bones and reduce puffiness. As soon as the pain has minimized - you could have much more vitality to get up and relocate again!
Should you suffer from the yeast infection, attempt to step away from putting on a swimsuit as much as possible. This may can even make your contamination a lot more serious. Should you must put on one particular, keep it as dry as possible, and should you get drenched make sure you alter into some thing dried out right away.
Make sure you work with a comb which has large tooth or utilize a select to comb tangles out of your hair. Accomplish this once your head of hair is definitely moist, therefore it will easier move via your hair. You can even work with a abandon-in conditioner that may make it easier to comb.
It's strange how you can think you're a good person and not actually be one, and visa versa. Anna texted me this afternoon asking if I had time to run by Marie Calendar's and get a pie for a dinner they are hosting tonight, and since I was out running errands with Bek I said that we'd do it. I bought the pie (berry, $6.99) and as I was leaving I held the door for an elderly (or at least 65) man who commented to me that it was nice to see that kindness hadn't gone out of style. It got me thinking about things. What is it about that that was bothering me? Maybe it was that I know I'm not that good of a person. Maybe it was that he was defining kindness in a way that I consider common, not like a concious act of kindness. Maybe I'm crazy (I said maybe). But anyway, I just was thinking, you can do all these things to be a good person, recycle, say please and thank you, treat those serving you with respect, remember people's birthdays, notice when someone looks nice, buy a coffee for a homeless guy, whatever, and you might not actually be a good person. You might, like me, just do that kind of stuff because you were taught to, or because you know it's socially the better thing to do.
I'm not sure where I was going with this, and I suppose it doesn't really matter, but they were just thoughts.
Its interesting to see how different people define "a good person." Thank goodness I believe in that faith not works thing! :) Not that I don't think its important to do good works, but it just sort of gets me out of trying to define "good." Because that's hard!
I am pretty sure we were taught like that. I think we were taught to be respectful to all people (whether we like them or not or even know who they are) so for us we just do things like hold a door for people becasue thats just what you do.
don't ever throw away jack. but there's no need to tell you that; because i'm sure you have no intention of doing so.
Condition:	New without tags: A brand-new, unused, and unworn item that is not in original retail packaging or may be missing original retail packaging materials (such as the original box or bag). The original tags may not be attached.See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab... Read moreabout the condition.Brand-new, unused, unworn and undamaged item in its original packaging (such as the original box or bag) and/or with the original tags attached.See all Condition:	New without tags: A brand-new, unused, and unworn item that is not in original retail packaging or may be missing original retail packaging materials (such as the original box or bag). The original tags may not be attached.See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab... Read moreabout the condition.Brand: crime donna
Warning! The maps are automatically generated from the textual information, and the process does not always produce acceptable result; See about maps for more info.
If you have corrections, comments or information to add into these pages, just send mail to Markku Savela
Keep in mind that the taxonomic information is copied from various sources, and may include many inaccuracies. Expert help is welcome.
This FAQ is supplemental documentation to the man pages, which are available both in the installed system and online. It covers the latest release of OpenBSD. There are likely new features and changes in the development version of OpenBSD (-current) that are not covered in the FAQ.
Questions and comments regarding this FAQ may be directed to misc@openbsd.org. General questions about OpenBSD should be directed to the appropriate mailing list.
I love Boris. I really do. They've explored so many different genres in their 21 year old career - whether it be doom metal or J-Rock. Their constant evolution and disregard for typical music is a massive inspiration to me, and this album is an excellent example of their ability to explore new genres. Vein is probably Boris's most noisiest, abrasive release to date and is a homage to their various hardcore and crust influences. Released in two different versions, Vein explored the realm of drone metal, noise, hardcore and crust punk. The drone version features two lengthy tracks, devoid of vocals, drenched in an ungodly amount of feedback and noise. Vein's Hardcore version however features short, noise-punk tracks with harsh, screamed vocals courtesy of drummer Atsuo. All in all, this is a very different kind of release from Boris, not surprising given their highly unconventional approach to releasing and creating music. Vein is a raw, ugly beast of an album and both versions are well worth your time.
It goes without saying that we encourage you to purchase physical copies and support the artists whenever possible (unless they're nazis or something).
or if you're an artist/label and you wish to have your music removed from this site, contact us via email at fkedbynoise2@gmail.com
The key to learning a language is to know the verbs. When you know the verbs, then you know the language.
In Yiddish there is only one way and that is the way on the left column under "Present 1." The tense that is officially called the "Present Progressive" in English, this does not exist in Yiddish. You just use the normal present tense.
The full form of every verb ends in "N." You can see this from the list above of 10 most common verbs.
At home Vane said to Vini Man's and Vini Bond's ghost that "Hey you two come down.You know I got a new boss.His name is Osborn"
When he said this there had been a bomb blast but not in Vane's house but in his neighbour's house.He came out of his house and saw that the whole house was burning.Then all the people of colony came out. "Who burned this house and who kept bomb in it" thought Vane
Then Vane called a Fire Brigade.When the fire brigade cam Vane said to them "Hey, please water this house" They started watering the house and after 30 minutes the fire was extinguished.Then Vane got into the house and he saw that there were 4 dead bodies and slowly-slowly the dead bodies were standing up.One dead body came near to Vane from his back.One came from his front and two came from the right and left direction.Vane was totally scared.At home Vini Man's and Vini Bond's ghosts were finding him.They went outside of the house and they saw that their neighbour's house was without fire and they got know that Vane will be in that house only.They went in that house and saw 4 dead bodies around Vane. "Oh Vane you are here and we were finding you in the home" said Vini Man's ghost "Shut Up!!! Can't you see that 4 shosts are around me" replied Vane in fear "O.K. we are coming to take you"said Vini Man's ghost and took Vane to his house.
What is the proportion of female and male researchers in Europe, and how is this balance evolving over time? In which scientific fields are women better represented? Do the career paths of female and male researchers follow similar patterns? Are rates of women in science comparable across Europe? How many women occupy senior positions in scientific research in Europe? And is there any age trend that can be observed? To answer all these questions and others, She Figures offers numbers.
The Annual Report (2009) on research and technological development activities of the European Union in 2008
This Annual Report covers developments and activities during 2008. It has been prepared pursuant to Article 173 of the Treaty establishing the European Community.
The report is accompanied by a Commission Staff Working Document, which provides more detailed reporting and by Statistical Annexes. The main chapters are on the activities and results achieved in 2008 and on developments in research and technological development activities in the Member States of the European Union.
I don't know... Today was somehow a crappy day... The heating stopped working in our building and I know it's supposed to be spring now, but the weather doesn't seem to know that yet! As well it was rainy and gray... And I'm trying to change my nutrition and the first days of that are usually not fun... Nevertheless I went out to take some pictures... This is the only one which made it through my selection process... Most of the others will need to be reshot or best forgotten! :P With this one I'm quite happy though... (Maybe if in a better mood I'd be ecstatic, who knows!)
With summer finally on its way, the bank holidays are the perfect time to start planning a break away. But with accessibility to factor in, it’s not always straightforward. However, swapping your house with someone who already lives in an accessible home could be the ideal solution. That’s why we’ve spoken to Theo Blackmore, who runs disability-specific house swap website Matching Houses, for his top tips on how to get the most our of accessible house swaps.
The house-swap idea is not a new one – people have been swapping their properties for many years, using it as an opportunity to travel to places they’d never thought of going to. However, no-one had thought of it specifically for disabled people. And yet it makes so much sense – as my house is accessible for me as a wheelchair user, it will probably also be accessible for other wheelchair users.
Also, on Matching Houses, it is one disabled person talking to another about exactly what they need. No longer do you have to rely on a travel agent, or a hotel, to get it right.
The site was conceived, designed and is run by a disabled person. We have a sophisticated database system, which matches each property with other, similar properties on the database across the world.
You decide where you want to go, make contact with the homeowner, and arrange the dates and exact details for your swap. It’s that simple!
1. Make sure you include pictures of your property. Nothing attracts people more to swap with you than a few good photographs. Include pictures of the outside of the property too, and any adaptations that make it particularly accessible for you.
2. Include some written information about any attractions, towns, or places of interest that are nearby. Imagine that you are a visitor to the area, and look at things from an outsider’s point of view. The more you can ‘sell’ your property to a visitor the more likely you will be to have plenty of swappers asking to come and stay.
3. Be as flexible as possible about where you want to go and when. By going to places that you hadn’t really thought of going to before you can really open up the possibilities and enjoy some new experiences.
4. When you have made contact with a possible swapper, ask them plenty of questions. We all know what it is like to arrive at a destination and for it to not quite meet our access needs. We think we have designed our Matching Houses property questions really well, so the houses should be well matched. But there will always be things worth clarifying, for your own peace of mind if nothing else.
5. Before you leave your property, leave a little welcome for your visitors. This might be a bottle of wine, some chocolates, a welcome note, together with a list of places that are nearby. This can really help them to feel settled and welcome. You could even ask one of your neighbours to pop in to say hello and to welcome them to the neighbourhood.
6. When you are on holiday, treat the house you are staying in as if it were your own. Leave it tidy and in a good condition for when they return. Perhaps take pictures on your phone when you arrive, so you know how to leave it when you depart.
7. And why not leave a note when you leave, letting your host know that you had a good time, and anything locally that you really enjoyed.
At the end of the day, this is an opportunity to go to new places, see new things, and meet new people. One person used Matching Houses to swap their property in London for a week in Paris. They have become good friends with the people they swapped with and now do the same swap every year. It’s become like a home from home for them!
More than 250,000 people swapped properties across the world last year. It’s a really popular way to holiday. It’s cheap as the place where you’re going to stay is free. For many people, particularly if they are travelling as a family, this can save them many thousands of pounds. And we have redesigned Matching Houses to include families with disabled children – a group of people who often can’t afford to go on holiday.
Many disabled people get adventurous with their holidays, and travel from one country to another, or one continent to another. However, for many disabled people, this long-distance travel is just not possible. Matching Houses works for all disabled people – there will be properties nearby, in your own country, or overseas. There will be properties in towns and cities, by the sea, or in the countryside.
Joining Matching Houses is simple. Fill in a form and questionnaire, upload some fabulous photos to show your property in its best light, including some pictures of any accessibility features you may have, and that’s it! You will then be able to contact other people who are registered on the site and arrange a swap.
This is still the very early stages of the new site, so we are currently in the process of populating the property database. The people who are up there are the pioneers in this new venture, so why not join them. You can swap as many times as you want, so you could spend lots of time travelling to new places. It’s fantastic!
He's 1 guy. Progressives are a slew and virtually all of them see themselves as righteous members of the elite caste. I think you put far too much faith in an unknown Anonymous. But then...maybe that ... more
You keep on trying to tell us all what Republicans think... ~ TheFrustratedPragmatist, Wed Sep 12 2:25pm
it is amusing, and for some reason you think you actually have it right.... You don't. Not even close.
"Never Trumpers", but I can't say I ever heard of any "Never Hillary" types. If there was they were a microscopic minority. Hillary was judged by most of the left to be by far the most qualified... more
and political elites to get lost and to screw themselves. That's part of the reason he was elected. The little guys in the nation were tired of the same old same old. Political elites telling us how... more
to get lost and to screw themselves. That's part of the reason he was elected. The little guys in the nation were tired of the same old same old. Political elites telling us how good they'd make it... more
despite the exposure of the GOP Establishment and Conservative Elite being no better and even worse than the DNC Establishment and Liberal Elite. Not to mention all the Republican alligators and... more
Hopefully, he won't fill it with too many new swamp creatures. If nothing else, more people are becoming attuned to the fact that there is a swamp and it is huge.
The Benchmark School provided evidence that many students who are in need of a reading program, are actually in need of more than just remedial reading instruction. I enjoyed reading about their writing program, where they allowed students to revise their writing on computers. They noticed that it improved legibility, spelling and organization in the students’ writing. I have also found this to be true in my own classroom. Students are not eager to rewrite an entire paper just to correct mistakes and I can’t blame them. My students are willing to revise if they can use a computer. I also enjoyed reading the part about educational roadblocks. It is important to look at what roadblocks are hindering the students from being as successful as possible. Educators can use this information to help meet the needs of individual students.
Focus here is on any and all of your readings related to writing instruction. Respond here with your thoughts, insights, connections to kids and your classroom, questions. Take your cue from... more
Because I teach in a resource classroom, I don't have a lot of time to offer my students to engage in SSR. However, for my students that I see for longer than 30 minutes each day for reading, I do... more
I like the idea you have about having students to write one sentence about the book that they read. This is something that my Kindergarten students could do after we read a book aloud. It allows you... more
I really like to allow my students to write about what they have read during SSR. We do some kind of reflective journal every day after SSR. I think it really helps students connect!
During my SSR time, each student has a bag and they have their recording sheet, notebook, and question stems included in it. Each time they read, they have to record the date, title, and pages read.... more
I think it is a great idea that your school has come up with to have you write down a question for students to answer during SSR time. I know it creates more work for you... but it lets you know who... more
In my opinion this chapter has been more thought-provoking than any other. It really made me look hard at what I'm doing in my room and how simple it would be to tweak these things to get to... more
SSR conferencing is also something that I need to make time for. Actually I have the time, but I do not always do it.
During SSR my students select their own books and read for about 20 minutes each day. I gradually increase the length of time the students read. At the beginning of first grade, expecting students to ... more
I like the idea of you reading short segments from books to peak your students reading interests. I need to do this more often in my own classroom because it is amazing how children really want to... more
SSR is really big in our school and our county. We have 30 minutes daily for SSR. Students are reading on their level and what they want to read. Our school has AR and I know there is a bad rep for... more
SSR is not something I do as a kindergarten teacher as the book explains or how many of others have explained. However, when I have transition time or just an extra 10 minutes during the day- I love... more
As a kindergarten teacher also, I too do not do SSR time like talked about in the book. I do something similar to what you do in your classroom where any extra time we have, a couple minutes here or... more
In our school we do reading counts which is similar to AR. I teach second grade and this is the grade that they start taking the test for RC. My students really seems to enjoy taking these test. They ... more
I agree that starting students out with fewer minutes for SSR at the beginning of the year is the way to go. Letting them build reading stamina instead of forcing them to read for longer than they... more
Some of my students don't seem to really read during SSR (look at pictures or flip through the pages.) What do you do in your classroom with those students to get them to really read?
Maybe you could introduce Tar Heel Reader to these particular students. This may be more interesting for them and pull them into the SSR time. Just a suggestion.
I have a few students like this, but the one I shared about in my case study was very bad for this. I tried to find books that she was really interested in and made sure she was reading on her... more
I encourage those students to partner read. My students use Flip cameras a lot. So, if they know their partner is going to ask them comprehension questions on camera, they seem to read more... more
I let them read with a partner. They talk about what they are reading. They also create posters about what they are reading.
In my classroom we read for 20-30 minutes self selected each day. Students are given a specific day on which they change their books. During this time they are selecting their own books but within... more
I agree that it is important to be open and try different things. It can be hard sometimes to release control but ultimately we need to find what works best for each student. I need to incorporate... more
Stacy, I agree with you that it is difficult to release control. I know you have Garage band on your school computer because we are in the same school system. I'll show you how to read books onto... more
The Self-Selected Reading Chapter really got me thinking about how students struggle with picking a book that is appropriate for their level. As a Kindergarten teacher, most of my students cannot... more
In my classroom I talk with my students independently about what books they should be choosing why it is important to select appropriate books for independent reading. In my classroom it isn't to... more
I also love the idea of conferencing with the student in order to help them pick an appropriate book! I don't know why I haven't been doing this the whole time. I conference with the kids during... more
I think that an interest inventory is a great idea. This is something I want to try. It would give me so much insight on what my students would be interested in reading.
I too see some of my second graders struggling to pick appropriate books. Our media specialist teaches our students a "Gimme 5" tool to use when picking books. The students are supposed to go to a... more
I like the idea. I am going to try it after Christmas. My students are just now beginning to read their own books! I think that some of my students will really benefit from this strategy.
I like the 5 fingers, Elisabeth. I also enjoyed reading about SSR. I do 10 minutes of SSR/day in pre-k, however it looks a lot different than what was described. I choose every book in my classroom... more
We do this as well. I use it in my classroom and in the library. It helps them select when they don't have our classroom coding there to assist them.
I enjoyed reading the chapter on self-selected reading in the textbook. While I was reading it, I thought about my own classroom and how I struggle with my children choosing books to read. Since I... more
Like most, I struggle in my classroom with my students selecting the best books to read independently. I think that my students, third graders, like to pick the harder books or chapter books because... more
I also found the mini lessons in this chapter useful. It was especially helpful to have the book titles to go along each. The list of websites was also informative and had many electronic texts which ... more
I have a huge variety of books for students at 5th grade level and below to third grade level. However, I do struggle with text for readers at 1st and 2nd grade level. The covers are so influential... more
I did a reading interest survey part of the way through last year. I meant to begin with it this year and forgot. I may do it here soon because it does give you good insight about what interest them... more
I like the ownership and seeking of information that an interest survey can convey. This is something I could do with each child in my pre-k clasroom- or send home as "homework" to find out more... more
Some of them might find some of them to little kidish for them but some of them don't and are good books.
I teach first grade and I struggle like most others with the selection of texts for silent reading. My young readers tend to aspire to read the more interesting chapter books rather than the less... more
As I read the articles about ASD and literacy/reading comprehension I thought of a student I had several years ago. He was not labeled with autism or an ASD disorder. He had many characteristics... more
I thought these articles were easy to follow. I have had one student that the readings reminded me of. This student did not have trouble with comprehension. He also was extremely smart with math. For ... more
I also thought these articles were helpful. Because we work at the same school and I serve the student you have mentioned, I agree that this student is extremely smart in math and in reading. He does ... more
When I taught pre-k I had children in my class who were on the autism spectrum. I also have a good friend whose son shows many of the same characteristics of Connor in the one article. I was not... more
You said it, Katie! Setting a "purpose for reading" makes sense for kids- especially those with ASD or who have characteristics of "the spectrum." I also liked reading about how his teacher was able... more
I can't imagine how hard it would be, as a parent, to deal with your child having these issues. I know that you would accept the situation and do the very best that you could, but my heart just... more
These two articles really made me think about reading comprehension in all students, not just students who have ASD. I really thought hard about things I am doing in my classroom to help students... more
I also do not have any students with autism or autism spectrum disorders. I have not had any students with these labels during my 5 years teaching but I also have students who struggle with making... more
As a Kindergarten teacher myself, these articles made me think about my students' comprehension as well. I started wondering if they too have difficulties with comprehending what is being read to... more
I, too, thought of students I have in my classroom currently and have had in the past. I definitely see the comprehension difficulties noted for ASD students as being the ones noted in the articles... more
Some of my students also struggle with making text connections. It does seem to help a bit more to think about this before actually reading. It also helps to model all of this, which you do.
It does seem to really help when I model a text to text connection that I have with the book. The children then begin to think of their own connections that they have with the book.
I also thought about reading comprehension in all students while reading these two articles. My first graders are also working on making text to self connections. This is easy for most of them but a... more
I would agree with you that it made me think about reading comprehension in all students. Some students in my 4th grad classroom have problems connecting, while some of them do great with it!
I found this article to be very interesting because I have a student this year who is autistic. My autistic student does not really struggle with comprehension. He made a 3 on both reading and math... more
I also have a student who has very clear characteristics of ASD. Although he is does not qualify for EC services under Autism, he has a lot of the traits that students with Asperger's have. Like your ... more
Time is a big issue for me in my classroom. I feel that we are constantly being asked to implement a new program into an already packed schedule with little or now professional development support. I ... more
We are constantly being given new strategies to try and some instructional support but not as much as needed sometimes. I too try to pick and choose what works best for my students. There is no one... more
It's so good to hear that you are picking and choosing instructional strategies that work best for your students instead of trying to pack everything in at once. I agree with you and find that it's... more
I have never worked with a student that has been diagnosed with Autism, but I have had a few in my class that I feel fall somewhere on the spectrum. I agree that comprehension tends to be an issue... more
I have never worked with a students that has been diagnosed with Autism either. I also feel that maybe one or two of my students fall somewhere on that spectrum. It is interesting to me when students ... more
I have never had a student with autism or even worked with anyone with autism (with the exception of the student I had for a week at the beginning of this school year.) Even though I was not able to... more
I agree...it can be like ELL at times. I feel we must work on building up meaning behind phrases and words and work on not using them as they will be confused. I also feel that we must use different... more
I hadn't thought about this connection before, but it really makes sense. ELL students are a lot like students with Autism in the way that they don't always understand vocabulary or phrases that we... more
Even though I have never taught a student with ASD I found these articles very easy to follow. I found that some of the suggestions to teach comprehension skills reminded me of Montessori concepts... more
I had not thought of Montessori concepts until you mentioned it. I also like the idea of peer tutoring. My students enjoy "acting like the teacher" and really take this seriously.
I am entertaining the concept of peer tutoring for preschool. Half of my bunch is fairly high with their letter/sound recognition skills. They would be good for pairing with my lower group for some... more
I think that's a great idea Josey! I do a lot of ability grouping now in kindergarten... but when I have the opportunity I love to pair them up and do this. The "higher" students love helping the... more
I also thought the articles were easy to follow. I enjoyed reading the suggestions on how to teach comprehension. I did not make the connection to the Montessori concepts until you mentioned it but... more
It is great to springboard off of interests. My autistic kid does great with things he is really into, as does all of my students. The peer tutoring works good on some days and some days it does not... more
I found this article interesting becasue it shed some light for me on some of the students I have had, specifically one. Nickolas was a child who was very smart and by the end of the year we found... more
I enjoyed this article and the part where they revised their writing on computers. We are now starting to get trained on Haiku in elementary schools were there will be a lot of collaboration on this... more
I enjoyed this article and was also very interested in the time part of the article. As teachers, and I am sure everyone would agree, is there is not enough time to get everything in that needs to be ... more
I agree there is not enough time to fully teach everything that needs to be taught and planning time is not built into many teachers' daily schedule. Staff development is usually beneficial and... more
really enjoyed this article. I liked learning about what they think are the four main elements and two being things I don't feel we classroom teachers get. A big one that I feel we don't get enough... more
Time is always a struggle for me. We are suppose to include reading, writing, social studies, science, math and phonics into every day... not even thinking about enhancments and a program our... more
I enjoyed the article about the Benchmark School. I think that it is great that the school focuses on what students need. I also like that they provide staff development to stay on top of new ideas... more
I also believe that the Talk to Yourself Chart would be beneficial to use. I think that if the teacher modeled what the process looked/sounded like this would help. I thought about possibly having... more
I agree about the word section of the article. I really liked the idea and the use of strategies for word developent. I think it would be very beneficial for my students during our word build time... more
This reading was interesting in that the "goal" was decoding and word recognition. The common thread in many of our readings is research for best practice, reflection, and "now what?"- much like our... more
I agree; I think that talking and collaborating with colleagues should be top priority. In my EC resource job, I rarely have time to actually collaborate with my students' regular education teachers. ... more
I completely agree Josey about time to talk with fellow teachers and reflect on what we are doing in the classroom. I feel like I try and reflect on what I am doing daily- but I feel like I am always ... more
As I read this article I thought about my many students who have struggled with literal interpretations. I never really knew how to teach other than define what the author meant by using figures of... more
I think that Anticipation Guides are a great idea. I have not tried this strategy with my students but I think that if I could make them a little more simple, my students would also benefit from this ... more
I agree that DRTA's are a great thing to use during reading time for all students. My students also struggle with literal interpreatations. I have not started using DRTA's in my room, but I think it... more
I have used DRTA with one of my fifth grade students that I see for reading comprehension. This has turned out to be an excellent strategy to use with him. He really has trouble with literal... more
I also did not know that peer help could be successful for ASD children. I do like using DRTA's because like you said, they provide scaffolding.
The Benchmark school sounds like a model every school should be following...planning the instruction around every child's needs. However, we know how challenging this can be in real life. I found it... more
I think this is great that you have such a good amount of "uninterrupted" reading time. My whole day is interrupted by so many transitions that I don't feel like we are getting quality learning time. ... more
In the second Gaskins article, Procedures for word learning: Making discoveries about words, I loved the figures. Figure 3 is a talk to yourself chart. It provides great language to help students... more
That is so neat about you using a flip camera during your reading time; especially for 1st grade! I think it would be great to use during word development and I could see great things coming from... more
Stacy, I love your idea using the flip camera during reading, as well as with word study. I think this would be great for students as a learning tool.
I loved the model figures as well...I think we must teach our students how to have conversations and interact with one another. So many do not get these opportunities and we have to give them the... more
I like the ideas presented in the Gaskins articles. I have a student in my fifth grade classroom on a preprimer level. I will be able to use some of these with her. (talk to yourself chart) I love... more
I also liked the idea of the taping comprehension conversation! I think I could learn so much from the taping that would help me even more than the kids. I am not sure about what tools I could use... more
WOW forgot to sign in first this was mine! I also liked the idea of the taping comprehension conversation! I think I could learn so much from the taping that would help me even more than the kids. I... more
I like your idea of having kids use flip cameras during partner reading and word study. I think this would be a great motivator for students and a great way to see what is happening in partner... more
I really liked the charts that had the students involved with making new words. I thought that this was a great way for students to work together and use words. I love your idea of using the flip... more
I agree with you about many students in the need of a reading program. I also really like the idea of students revising their writing on computers. I think it would be great for students to do their... more
This article reminds me very much of a cartoon in which some wild warner bros. created creature is in a boat and the boat gets a leak. The character immediately plugs the hole and another leak shoots ... more
I totally agree that students are reluctant to publish their work only to correct a few mistakes. For the first time last week I allowed my students to publish with Microsoft Word. They loved it! I... more
My students also used Microsoft Word for the first time this week. They really enjoyed using the laptops to publishing thier poems. One student commented on how much fun it was to type their poem.... more
I love the idea of letting students publish using a computer. It will make them more eager to write!
My students are currently into publishing in kidspiration for math and science topics. We also are using Wordale and Comic Life. One of my current favorites is Comic Life. Students can incorporate... more
I found this article really interesting. Benchmark school sounds like what each of us want to be able to do for our students in our own classrooms. The curriculum completely focused on the needs of... more
I also think that the Benchmark school sounds like what we all would love to do for our students. The staff development and research part really stood out to me too. I think that I turned green with... more
I agree that there is too much time and focus on new assessments and not on the actual needs of our students. If everyone could be like the Benchmark school, there would be so much more sucess in our ... more
I agree with what you are saying. This sounds like the ideal school where any teacher would want to teach. Schools need to pay more attention to what research says about teaching reading and stop... more
I completely agree! This is what each of us wants for our students, but sometimes the school system gets so caught up in different ways to assess that they forget about the needs of every individual... more
The staff development that these teachers received seemed to be beneficial towards their teaching. It seems like the staff development I have received lately was not beneficial and I was not able to... more
I agree with the need for GOOD staff development! I am sorry- but I feel like 90% of it is such a waste of time. If it is not something I can use in my classroom or to help my students- I just don't... more
The article about Making Discoveries about Words really opened my eyes to how I am teaching my Kindergartners to decode words. Some students are naturally going to pick up on it, but other students... more
I too thought the "word detectives" idea would work wonderfully! It kind of reminds me of a K-2 version of the "Word Wizard" idea we learned from Dr. Frye in Block 2!
I really enjoyed the article on phonics. I was able to make connections with this article because since the beginning of this school year I have began using word study in my flex groups. We begin... more
It was interesting to read about the different approaches to teaching phonics this week. I use a program called Fundations for whole group phonics instruction and word study for small group phonics... more
Hey, Ginger, your point about word instruction at all grade levels is well-taken. The question is what kind of word instruction. We seem to do reasonably well teaching phonics (one kind of word... more
It was interesting to learn more about the issue of whole language versus phonics. I was glad that one wasn’t superior to the other, especially because I do not use one more than the other in my own... more
and i think you hit the nail on the head, stacy- that using any ONE singular approach that will work with all children. as you have stated, we reach more students when we try to teach the same... more
I really enjoyed reading the articles on phonics and writing instruction. There are so many ways to teach phonics, but I have found in my EC classroom that using word sorts to help my struggling... more
I have always been very confused when it comes to phonics. I have heard many conflicting views from how you have to teach phonics to teach children how to read, to how we shouldn't teach phonics at... more
Reading the phonics article reminded me of all of the phonic rules/strategies I already knew but have forgotten. It was a nice reminder of some things I learned in undergrad. I also learned some new... more
I really enjoyed the Phonics article. I have always known that there are various ways to teach phonics and the main goal is for students to develop phonological awareness, but the quote in the... more
I can't imagine teaching kindergarten and laying the phonics groundwork! I was in kindergarten for block one and the teacher I work with did phonics for almost two hours every day. She was awesome at ... more
My son is in kindergarten and they do Letter Land which I'm sure is very similar to yours. He Loves It!! I am amazed at how fast he has picked up on the "sound tricks". He is already sounding out... more
Carrie- Letter Land is awesome! I just went to a training on Friday and learned so much more about it! It is a great phonics and reading program- I just wish I had more time in the day to do more... more
I completely feel overwhelmed when it comes to phonics instruction. There are just so many different ways to teach it- and I struggle with which is the most valuable for the children? We use... more
I agree with you and have this conversation with other teachers all the time! I feel so overwhelmed by all the different ways to teach phonics and figuring out which way is best and trying to get... more
I love the idea of portable word walls. I am looking forward to borrowing your idea in my own classroom!
I want to use portable word walls too. I really don't do word walls for 5th grade and now I realize how important they are.
Do you create the portable word walls for your students? Or do you just have an alphabetic outline and add the words as they learn them? Do YOU actually write them on the portable WW for them, or do... more
Elisabeth- I use my portable word walls for writing time with my students- both with whole group and small groups. Each child has their own "Word Wall" that is passed out during writing time. This... more
I'm with Elisabeth. I'd love to hear more about what you're doing with word walls, especially portable word walls, with such young kids, and why. We've always used portable word walls only in... more
Dr. Koppenhaver, These word banks actually save a lot of time for me during writing because I don't have every child raising their hand to ask me how to spell something :) As I replied to Elisabeth-... more
Cute ideas, Katie! I love the idea of a portable word wall. I am totally going to use this--several of my kids are removed during "reading clinic" time and sent to the library for some reading and... more
It works really well during my acceleration time when I have small group writing time and some are removed from the classroom. Hope you can use and it works well for you!
I like the idea as well- am looking forward to being able to do more of this type of individualized literacy instruction later in the year! thanks, katie!
It sounds like you are doing a great job teaching your students. I know that there is so much more phonics instruction in Kindergarten. It seems that you do many different activities to engage your... more
I thought that the article was interesting. It discussion many different kinds of instruction and I had heard about each one, but not in that much detail. I grew up learning whole language. I... more
Like you, I was taught using the whole language approach at school. I remember having to make all these booklets and write all these creative stories. I don't remember much about phonics being... more
I have just started teaching phonics skills in my guided reading groups! Most of my students pick up the skill quickly, but since I have the two lowest reading groups, I hit phonics there too. I am... more
I feel the same way that you do about teaching phonics. I did not learn a lot about phonics until I was in my college courses and sometimes I find it difficult to teach phonics!
I found the articles about phonics instruction very informative. I did not realize how many different ways there were to teach phonics. In my opinion, phonics instruction is extremely important for... more
I read the the articles about phonics instruction and I also think they were very informative. I have 20 minutes a day for word study. We do Words Their Way. I think word study is very important for... more
I like the idea about the snap, clap vowels and consonants. How do you use this in your class and what does it look like? Most of my kids are kinesthetic learners; this sounds like a good strategy to ... more
I found it really interesting to read about the different types of phonics instruction in the article. Its amazing to me how many different approaches to phonics there are out there. Phonics... more
I agree with you. There are so many different ways to teach phonics and I wonder if what I am doing is the correct way. However, if we are giving our students phonics instruction and doing all we can ... more
I would argue that there is no one "correct way" to teach anything. The important issues are whether you are teaching kids to read and spell words with increasing independence in ways that they... more
As I said before in another post, I really like giving my students the opportunity to have free writes and choose the topics they want to write about, but that is not always the case when you have... more
I feel the same way about setting our students up for failure. It is proven that students enjoy writing more when they can select the topics that they want to write about!
The videos about Jake are very interesting to watch and see how he can progress with the right pencil. It is very amazing to know that if you find the right pencil for someone who has a disability,... more
I would agree that writing is one area that I feel I don't devote enough time for each day. I am working hard to change this. Our schools focus for the last two years has been on reading, and writing ... more
I have realized that I need to give my 3 and 4 year olds time to write in journals. I look forward to implementing this when 2nd quarter starts! It makes sense that, in the end, if I want them to be... more
This is exactly what I needed to read this week!!! As many of you know this is my first year teaching and it became clear VERY quickly that writing is the subject I am finding most difficult to... more
I have been feeling the same way in my kindergarten classroom regarding writing. It is my first year in kind. and I am really feeling the pressure to get this children writing! Yet- I need to let... more
The videos and notes about Jake were pretty amazing to me. I can't imagine what it must be like to go through life unable to communicate with the people around you. It was amazing how finding the... more
I completely understand the factor of time... I'm sure we all do :) It is so hard to reach every child when there is only one of us. I'm sure you did an excellent job!
Watching the videos of Jake are simply amazing. I think it is great that there are tools/pencils like this to use. I never knew that these tools existed. I see how helpful that this was for Jake and... more
I was amazed at how quickly Jake picked up on how to use the symbols in the first video. He was clearly excited about the prospect of being able to communicate with his teacher and his mother. To see ... more
I completely agree! I had no idea there were these tools out there. I am so interested in finding out what else there is to help children who are not able to communicate by speaking or with a pencil... more
I enjoyed the articles on reading and writing. I too thought about students in my classroom with disabilities. I do not have any with extreme disabilities but I know now that when I do I need to... more
Wow! This was really neat to watch and read about Jake! It is so clear and evident how important and crucial it is that every person be given the opportunity to learn how to communicate. It is hard... more
I totally agree with you. It is very important for us teachers to always remember how big of an impact we have on students lives!
I agree...this was really awesome to see how Jake can now communicate his basic wants and needs with the use of technology. I also thought it was really cool to see his expression when he called out... more
I couldn’t help but smile as I was watching Jake’s videos. The progress he made over time is awesome. We just need to give the students resources to learn and they will run with it and become amazing ... more
Watching the video clips on Jake was amazing. From this you can see that there are ways for communication, you just have to find the ones that work. Jake makes so much progress over time. This makes... more
I totally took the part about student choice to heart, also! This past week I found myself giving the students more choice on just about everything we did. Around Thursday, I noticed that I was... more
It is so difficult for me right now to have the children write about what is of interest to them specifically every time we have writing because in kindergarten we are using a lot of sentence... more
Wow! It really was amazing to me, too! You are right- there IS always a way to communicate. The alternatives to pencils, etc. are insightful- however, I am questioning all the work I have done with... more
I also agree that watching Jake was absolutely amazing. He was so excited and what a wonderful feeling it must be to finally have the pencil you need to communicate. I also think that your idea of... more
You do so well Josey! I know we are so desperate to reach every child- but you have to take it one day at a time! I love the idea of "what will be your pencil today!"
When I was viewing the case study on Jake, I began to think about how amazing it must have been for his family to be able to finally communicate with him. It was apparent to me that Jake really... more
I agree with you on the importance of creating that firm foundation with learning summarizing teachniques. I also teach Kindergarten and have realized that too often I read a book then maybe make a... more
I too found it amazing for Jake and his family to finally be able to communicate. I could not imagine myself being able to try to tell others something and have no one understand what you need. And... more
I agree with you that too much time is being spent teaching the test. I also think that the programs being implemented by some counties (where you read script off the page) is crazy! The scripted... more
I too feel that writing has been "put on the back burner" in schools. As a kindergarten teacher I am able to focus on writing a great deal more than other grade levels (from what I have heard from... more
I have to admit that I have put writing “on the back burner” in the past, but this year is going to be different. My class has already written more this year than my previous couple of classes at... more
Jennifer, I was thinking the same thing... Even though I teach pre-k, every child could have a journal in order to "write" whatever they want as part of our "morning work." I could even incorporate... more
I agree that if you give students time to write and let them have a topic of choice, they will succeed in writing. I also agree with planning, drafting, revising and publishing with students. I do... more
Carla, I think it's super important to model for students. I have seen great success with my students when they are given a model first. I think it also helps them to hear the teacher "think aloud"... more
I think modeling is so key to so many students. I know as a child- when a teacher modeled for me- it was so helpful for me. I still remember when teachers just threw something out there without a... more
After reading the articles this week- I almost feel like I have been clueless when it came to helping children learn to write who could not use a "paper and pencil". I taught in pre-k for 7 years and ... more
I found this article to be interesting. I did not realize how many alternative ways there were for students with disabilities to write. It is a shame there are so many opportunities and tools to be... more
I also did not realize how many different ways there were for students to communicate and ways to write. I connected with article as well by thinking of my own students. I now know that if I have a... more
Writing is an area that I've have been working on in my classroom the last couple of years. I used to choose the topics my students wrote about, but now I give them free choice. I was amazed at how... more
Completely agree! Most likely- I wouldn't want to write about something someone "tells" me to write about- why would students? I don't have the experience of students writing in my classroom- but I'm ... more
Writing is an area I have been working on in my classroom this year. I just feel as if I don't do it justice and that it is difficult to teach when children do not relate to a topic they are given or ... more
The articles really made me think about alternative pencils. Before reading these articles and hearing what Dr. K has said in class, I never realized that one could write without using a pencil. Of... more
I too only thought of the computer as a tool to publish, not to solely create. All the different "pencils" are amazing! It truly takes dedicated teachers to discover these tools for their students. I ... more
I have recently read a wonderful book called Out of My Mind by Sharon Draper. It is about a young lady who has Cerebral Palsy and cannot speak. She gets a pencil when she is 11 years old. It's called ... more
I want to read this book!! I have heard you mention it several times. I can't image not writing until you were 11. It would be like lacking a way to communicate for 11 years. I can't image that!... more
It is great to know as teachers that we can make a difference in a child's life. I would love to read that book.Sounds like a great one.
Reading this week's set of articles reinforced to me the idea that every child CAN learn. This being my first year teaching I hadn't really formed a firm belief on this idea, but these two articles... more
As a 4th grade teacher there has always been a big emphasis on writing with the state writing test. Since they have changed the writing around, there seems to be some slack in this area. I have... more
I love that you don't "correct" the children's writing. I feel like I was always an insecure writer due to teachers always picking apart the writing of students in our class. This is such a vivid... more
I agree with you. I think it is important for writing to be a way for students to express themselves. I feel sometimes we kill that at school. We place so many regulations and rules on their writing... more
As a 3rd grade teacher, I feel the pressure to prepare my students for 4th grade writing because I know how much emphasis they put on writing. Sometimes this is hard with the reading series we have... more
Lori, I like your idea of having your class write about events happening within their school. I’m sure your students really benefit from this. Knowing that their peers will be reading what they write ... more
I agree. Students really do become motivated writers when they know they will be published. I helped run the school newspaper in the past. Students would read, reread and ask for help on their... more
After reading the Fostering Emergent Writing for Children with Significant Disabilities article, I began to realize how extremely important it is for students, no matter their disability, to write... more
Jennifer, It is not that I haven't thought about it before- but not as in depth as now- but I completely and totally agree with you that ALL children deserve the opportunity to write. If there is a... more
I worked with a student two years ago that had difficulty writing in first grade. At first I thought he had trouble putting his thoughts on paper, but soon realized that he felt uncomfortable writing ... more
Jennifer, I have a student in my class who has issues with his fine motor skills too. I also found myself thinking of my student while I read the articles. I have tried grippers and weighted pencils. ... more
I was thinking the same thing about trying a slanted board for my child with some fine motor weaknesses. Did you try it yet? I was going to begin the slanted board with him specificially tomorrow...
My student was out sick all of last week. I am still planning on trying this when he returns, which will hopefully be tomorrow. Let me know how it works with your student!
I also think it is very important to start letting students choose their topics to write about, even it is once or twice a week. I feel like sometimes I am just cramming things on them and worry... more
In the article, Fostering Emergent Writing for Children With Significant Disabilities: Writing With Alternative Pencils, the children could write about anything they chose and their writing was not... more
The color coded eye gaze is so amazing to me! The children using this have real intelligence to be able to pick up on this concept so quickly and with such ease ( from what we have seen). I too... more
I also thought it to be helpful that we had watched the video about the color coded eye gazed. The article made more sense knowing what this was. I had never heard of it before. I thought it was... more
I agree with your thoughts. The articles have really helped me to understand how many options their are for working with these students. I also had never thought about the way things are step up for... more
I have had students in the past use Alphasmarts as their alternative pencils. There is a boy in the fifth grade class nearby why uses a keyboard (like an alphasmart) to do his work. Since I teach... more
I agree with your sentence: "All children need to have an appropriate model to learn from, they all need direction/instruction, they all need time to freely practice without being corrected, and they ... more
I also found this article very interesting. I really liked how students could choose any topic to write about and not corrected. I feel as teachers we are so focused on teaching the correct format... more
I think you are right about the importance of giving all kids the opportunity to write about anything they want. Kids with and without disabilities need the opportunity to write without someone... more
Whoops! I posted the first one in last week's board.So here it is again... in the right place! I enjoyed reading the articles on promoting emergent writing for students with significant disabilities... more
I completely agree with you that sometimes as teachers we focus more on the disability of the child than how to expose them and help them to do the same things our non-disabled students are doing in... more
Yes, the alternative pencils really got me thinking, too! My "case study child" is going to teach me the most this year! He is not deaf or hard-of-hearing, however he is so active and possibly,... more
What an awesome idea Josey! I have never thought about that in the years I have worked with children with similar issues! I would be very interested to hear if it works!!!
katie, i haven't gotten any braille yet, but am doing some signing with him. I usually go to my local library a few times a month and am going to check into some braille resources...
That would be very interesting to know if braile would work with this student. I wonder if the magnet letters that we used to play with when we were smaller would also help him. He would be able to... more
My case study child is also making me analyze different types of alternative pencils. I am really reading these articles considering which ones may work best for him. I hope you find some success too!
Josey, I thought about your “case study child” while I read Promoting Emergent Writing for Students With Significant Disabilities. Did you notice that in the example of an early writer’s story about... more
movement disorders, and somatovisceral dysfunctions. These symptoms are viewed by some neurologists and psychiatrists as being psychogenic in origin. Recent evidence, however, suggests that an autoimmune attack on self antigens found in the peripheral and central nervous system may underlie a number of CRPS symptoms."
“For a substantial fraction of adult CRPS cases initiation of CRPS may lie in a breakdown of immunologic self-tolerance, and the development of autoantibodies to the β2AR and M2R neurotransmitter receptors. Once autoantibodies have been generated to these neuroantigens in a given individual, an ongoing progression of stereotyped autoimmune-mediated neuroinflammatory responses might become initiated.”
“In CRPS patients, features of central sensitization appear to involve a complex set of neuroinflammatory responses involving NMDA receptors, glial cell activation in the spinal cord as well as the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines from neurons, glia, and leukocytes. Extravasation of leukocytes and exudation of autoantibodies into the parenchyma of the nervous system are key features of central sensitization during a neuroautoimmune attack of the CNS. The autoimmune attack is focused on sites where autoantibodies bind. Autoimmune attack can potentially lead to the loss of GABAergic inhibitory interneurons.”
“Instead of autoimmune-mediated neuroinflammation, the term “medically unexplained symptoms” has often been used to describe sensory, autonomic, and motor symptoms of CRPS patients, even though there is an extensive literature describing neurophysiological pathologies and mechanisms in these patients. There are several inherent difficulties with the psychogenic hypothesis. However, absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. In addition, characteristics such as the speed of onset and remission have also been used to assign symptoms to neurological vs. psychogenic causes, with the assumption that neurological disease processes have a longer timecourse than psychogenic ones. In this regard, rapid onset and rapid remission have often been used as criteria for diagnosing psychogenic movement disorders, even though autoimmune disorders are well know for their cyclic character of remission and relapse.”
In clinical practice, when an organic explanation cannot be found for functional disorders, psychogenic etiologies are often asserted. However, as the understanding of functional disorders improves, it appears that neuroimmune and neuroinflammatory disorders are much more common than previously thought. Neuroautoimmunity combined with neuroinflammation together provide a viable etiology for the relapsing-remitting chronicity, atypical presentation and intensity of neurological and psychiatric symptoms. When faced with medically unexplained symptoms, health practitioners and patients should actively seek physiological hypotheses, as an alternative to diagnoses of somatoform or conversion disorders. Neuroinflammatory lesions, along with their functional consequences, should always be considered in the differential diagnosis of medically unexplained symptoms, even when commonly used clinical neuroimaging protocols fail to reveal positive evidence of neuroinflammation. When viewing the symptoms of an individual patient, health practitioners should anticipate that a given patient might have a complex, multifocal pattern of neuroinflammation and associated functional symptoms. The presentation of symptoms may be idiosyncratic to that patient, depending on the topographic pattern and severity of neuroinflammation and other variables, often yet undiscovered. However, key mechanistic elements of spreading neuroinflammation could be common to a wide spectrum of patients and disorders. By integrating neuroinflammation and neuroautoimmune concepts into the differential diagnosis of neurological and neuropsychiatric symptoms, a number of functional sensory and motor disorders may become less medically unexplainable than was previously thought. As diagnostic methods continue to improve, it may someday be possible for neuroautoimmuity and neuroinflammation to be commonly assessed as a part of a differential diagnosis of chronic pain syndromes such as CRPS.”
Well, the way they make shows is, they make one show. That show's called a pilot. Then they show that show to the people who make shows, and on the strength of that one show they decide if they're going to make more shows.
Like you, I used to think the world was this great place where everybody lived by the same standards I did, then some kid with a nail showed me I was living in his world, a world where chaos rules not order, a world where righteousness is not rewarded. That's Cesar's world, and if you're not willing to play by his rules, then you're gonna have to pay the price.
You think water moves fast? You should see ice. It moves like it has a mind. Like it knows it killed the world once and got a taste for murder. After the avalanche, it took us a week to climb out. Now, I don't know exactly when we turned on each other, but I know that seven of us survived the slide... and only five made it out. Now we took an oath, that I'm breaking now. We said we'd say it was the snow that killed the other two, but it wasn't. Nature is lethal but it doesn't hold a candle to man.
You see? It's curious. Ted did figure it out - time travel. And when we get back, we gonna tell everyone. How it's possible, how it's done, what the dangers are. But then why fifty years in the future when the spacecraft encounters a black hole does the computer call it an 'unknown entry event'? Why don't they know? If they don't know, that means we never told anyone. And if we never told anyone it means we never made it back. Hence we die down here. Just as a matter of deductive logic.
Personalized Creations was the winner of your 2016 Bizrate Circle of Excellence Award®. The Award acknowledges merchants that been given superb online consumer pleasure scores all over a a single-12 months period of time, as rated by millions of confirmed on the net potential buyers.
Terms of Use Particular products and solutions not eligible for gives or bargains (together with clearance items), and these kinds of designation will show up over the product element web page. Restrict just one offer you or price reduction for each buy. Features and reductions will appear eventually checkout display screen and can't be combined with other offers or discounts.
All of our unique gifts are supposed to final. We thoroughly select the ideal resources and test our products to be sure top quality high quality.
Personalized gifts are supposed to be treasured. A Xmas ornament may become a cherished souvenir any time you customize it for that receiver. And an in any other case ordinary Xmas present can become Excellent whenever you comprehend it was thoroughly created just for you.
blog site: the goods scholarship option submit your products brings about blogger assessment application vendor code of perform assistance
Check out our prime goods underneath to locate good customized gifts for everyone in your daily life. Every little thing is designed precisely to purchase and ships immediately. Make Every person sense special with personalized gifts from Zazzle! Not too long ago Seen Objects
The vacations are ideal around the corner! Have a look at our new Christmas ornaments, stockings and gifts in our holiday shop!
Whenever you personally customize Every present you'll be able to ensure that you are making special gifts for everyone on the list.
With our in depth selection of exceptional gifts, you could find an ideal present for everybody, it doesn't matter what the event.
I've positioned multiple orders with PersonalizationMall in the last yr and I like most of the items! I think your assistance is exceptional! I know I'm able to depend on acquiring my get from you in only a few days! - much more recommendations -
Personalized gifts Possess a strategy for standing out from the crowd. They're great for those challenging to buy and perfect for creating a lasting perception. When your friends, loved ones and family members are concluded opening up all in their Xmas offers, guess which ones they'll don't forget essentially the most?
By together with a special message, their preferred Photograph and even anything simple, like their name or monogram you are able to display which you took the extra time and imagined to generate your gifts meaningful.
"Congratulations! We imagined you'd probably take pleasure in this personalized gift to recall your initially marriage anniversary."
Prepared to make personalized gifts for your relatives and buddies? Zazzle can assist you incorporate distinctive artwork, layouts Resources and images to an enormous assortment of products and solutions and generate 1-of-a-kind gifts.
Returning Clients Sign up employing our protected server for entry to your receiver handle ebook and saved payment information.
At Personalization Mall you will discover unique types and options you won't see any place else. And you can preview Each and every merchandise to check out precisely how it is going to glimpse prior to putting your purchase.
Discover the finest Thoughts for men, Ladies and kids at UncommonGoods. We supply 1000s of exceptional and strange gifts, from pleasurable jewellery and funky extras to Resourceful dwelling decor and kitchen area things.
I am proud to announce the completion of superpowerswiki.com. A comprehensive guide to Super Powers that took me nearly 2 years to put together, covering nearly every toy created for the Super Powers line. These pages on my personal site mainly serve as a checklist (in matrix form) for my own personal use as I attempt at getting one of each cardback variation. As I fill in holes on this site, I’ll also fill in holes on the wiki site.
I split the collection into different groups that you can browse in the menu above or the navigation bar on the right. Below is a key/legend of what each of the images mean on my list. Under the key is a list of items I’m currently looking for.
This means I’ve acquired the piece recently! But haven’t had time to take photos… so come back later to see it.
a known example (photo or otherwise) has not been seen by me personally, so the data is not available. Please contact me if you have photos of figures marked N/A and I will update my list.
Just wondering what you thought a Mr. Freeze Canada Card would be worth in about AFA 80. A clear bubble with no issues and a nice figure with no yellowing. A good card with just minor edge wear. Just curious what you think one of these would go for in todays market? Love your website. Thanks for your opinion.
hi rasoul handsome mike has a figure your looking for ,and a couple more you may be interested in ,get back to me and ill give you the details cheers chris
Hi I have 4 lily ledy super poderes super,powers figures for sale all loose-flash,AQUAMAN,robin and superwoman let me know if you would be interested in buying them,I purchased them from Mexico they the real deal.
I want to know if you still have them plz let me know here johnnyespinoza14@yahoo.com. Thank you the super powers ones
I am lookoing to buy any super powers. So plz let me know here’s my email johnnyespinoza14@yahoo.com. Plz let me know thank you. I want a cybrog. Or any other ones.
Just bought from Rasoul this man is honest and knows his super powers I sent him $535.00 and he did not rip me off. He is a trust worthy dealer!
I am interested in buying any super powers figures and am looking for a complete 33 set. If anyone is interested, please contact me at drmansourjr@gmail.com. Thanks!
cars for sale,egypt cars,used cars Egypt, Egypt cars for sale,egypt car,egyptian car,egyptian cars,second hand cars,second hand car,sell,any car, car for sale, car, cars, auto, auto for sale, cars for sell, car for sell , buy car ,Hyundai, Honda, Suzuki, Fiat, Kia, Lada, Mercedes, Opel, Proton, Isuzu, BMW, Jeep, Daewoo, Renault, Skoda, Subaru, Nissan, Used Cars for sale in Egypt, Mitsubishi, Used Car for sale,Used Cars for sale ,price of used car, prices of used car, prices of used cars in egypt, prices of used cars, selling cars, car for sale in egypt, cars for sale in egypt, sale cars, buy used car , buy , sale
now sale and buy old and used car Online , old Used Or new car in Egypt , Learn about the prices and details of Used auto ,used cars for sale
One of the guitar heroes of fusion, Al di Meola was just 22-years-old at the time of his debut as a leader but already a veteran of Chick Corea's Return to Forever. The complex pieces (which include the three-part "Suite-Golden Dawn," an acoustic duet with Corea on "Short Tales of the Black Forest," and a brief Bach violin sonata show di Meola's range even at this early stage. With assistance from such top players as bassists Jaco Pastorius and Stanley Clarke, keyboardist Barry Miles, and drummers Lenny White and Steve Gadd, this was a very impressive beginning to di Meola's solo career.
If you are searching for the perfect, comfortable dining chair, then allow Xavier Furniture to assist with our wide range of dining chair solutions. Our range includes rattan chairs, solid mahogany chairs, black chairs and white chairs – many of which can be Custom Upholstered in your choice of fabric, right here in Australia.
Вам нравится Женщины и автомобили. Прикольная фотоподборка? Поделитесь с друзьями или проголосуйте в вашей социальной сети
Everyone has their own little personal quirks and one of mine is that I habitually misplace things. Traveling only exacerbates the issue, since being on the move means that it’s even more difficult to track everything. On my most recent trip to Japan I lost not fewer than five separate items – and I’ve got four back! Japan is amazing that way – three of the lost items were rather simple for this efficient and incredibly honest society – a blanket left at a ryokan was takybbined to my final hotel, a sheaf of papers dropped (yes, I was so tired I just dropped them as I walked around a hotel resort property and didn’t notice for 15 minutes) was found and sent directly back to my address in the US and at least one bag left in a store was exactly where I left it when I returned. My favorite hair clip, alas, is probably never going to be seen again. But the most incredible (to an American) “return” was the lost CD case. We finally figured out that we’d lost the case of movie CD’s on the last morning when we couldn’t find it after repacking all the bags the previous night. Calls to all 5 previous hotels yielded nothing – but did get us a second call back from the Four Seasons to let us know they’d checked everywhere even though we’d been there 4 nights previously. We doubted our memories – maybe we hadn’t packed it. We hoped we’d left it in the room in Matsumoto; one of the only hotels without enough English to check ourselves, so we were having a colleague call when they had a moment. We headed to the airport – really hoping we’d just for forgotten it at home. In a last act of desperation, we asked at the American Airlines check-in counter to see if we’d left it on the plane on our inbound trip 7 days previously – we described the case and its contents and the lovely lady at the counter called it in. We left, went through a little hoo-ha at security check (note to self: do NOT try to take sake on board with you – it’s LIQUID!) and arrived at the lounge to await our flight. Where, when we checked in, they handed us the missing CD case!!! Found on the plane when we came in! Maybe this happens all the time in the US and we just don’t hear about it. Yeah, right… a CD case with a new copy of “The Hangover” is left on a plane and 7 days later you return to the check-in counter at the airport and they locate said item and have it delivered to the club or departure gate so that it arrives before you do. So, at least in Japan, my personal quirk doesn’t create quite so many problems for me – items are rarely lost – only understanding in...
This year I decided to travel to Japan during a different season to get some personal experience of the weather during late April. Most of my trips, of necessity, have been at the end of November, after the season is over. So mid-April seemed like a good middle ground – not early cherry blossom time and before Golden Week. We landed in Tokyo on April 14th and by the 16th we had snow – after two days of cold, rainy weather. This “Spring” thing isn’t working out all that well. Last year in mid-November we were in t-shirts in Kyushu, which goes to show that the travelers dictum to be prepared for anything goes in Japan as...
While you can travel through Japan with any number of themes in mind (traditional arts, manga, ceramics, contemporary arts, nature and hiking, etc), getting ready for a themed trip from the US can have its challenges. This weekend, however, I had the opportunity to travel to San Francisco to attend a Samurai Symposium put on by the Society of Asian Arts at the Asian Art Museum. This was in conjunction with their visiting exhibition called Lords of the Samurai, featuring a wide variety of works from the Hosakawa collection. The symposium was great – with a lot of speakers who managed to make what could have been some pretty esoteric topics accessible to the non-expert. Topics ranged from the history of the family’s collection to how Noh drama is related to samurai culture to a demonstration of sword handling. The exhibit itself is superb – featuring a range of art and artifacts, highlighted by a superb set of samurai armor. There are a number of beautiful sword blades (note that the blades are often displayed separately from the fittings for true historic swords) ranging over a few centuries. There are battle banners, equestrian fittings, calligraphy, tea utensils, screens, sumi-e, tsuba and a wide range of items all from the collection of one family which spans several centuries. Having the opportunity to learn a little bit about some of this aspect of Japanese culture before heading off to Japan is a great way to prepare yourself for a trip and to learn more about what you’d like to focus on when you get there. The fruits of my labor are being put to use in preparing for Esprit’s new trip: In the Shadow of the Samurai, which is open to the...
Sometimes you hear about this stuff, sometimes you don’t. Many guidebooks suggest that you stop in a department store to explore the food offering there. What they aren’t always clear about is HOW to explore and, interestingly enough, how standardized all the offerings are in Japan. First of all, there are usually three main places to find food in the department stores – the first floor has lots of fancy gift food (all boxed up, very pretty and sometimes very expensive), the top floor usually has restaurants (sometimes the top two floors) and many of them are surprisingly good. Then there’s B1 – or the first level basement. That’s where you can get an amazing variety of food, from baked goods to produce to fresh fish to prepared dishes. Each city has it’s own specialities, but there is usually a whole underground floor of Japanese food delights (including ice cream!). If you’re traveling with a group, on a bus, you might not get a lot of opportunity to explore these food halls, but if you’re traveling on your own, on the trains and subways as the Japanese do, you won’t have any problem finding them. Many department stores are connected directly to the train and subway stations and you can wander into some of them while waiting for your train connection (or rush in to get something really quickly while running for your connection!). Perhaps something like...
Who knew that it would be so hard to get OFF the bus? We’ve all heard about how crowded the trains and buses are in Japan. And they ARE! And we’ve seen those videos of transit workers PUSHING more riders onto crowded trains. But we found ourselves with a very different, and interesting dilemma. When taking crowded buses we were surprised to find that while getting on was difficult, getting off was almost impossible. In the US, when you press the “next stop” button and stand up, people move out of the way so you can get off the bus (or train). Not so in Japan – it was actually kind of weird. No matter how many sumimasen’s, we couldn’t get anyone on crowded buses or trains to move out of the way so we could CREATE MORE ROOM FOR THEM! Very funny. The funniest part was how determined everyone was in their “ignoring” the miscreant departer. The only way to get off was to actually push and shove people out of the way, stick your hip out, drive into the crowd, step on toes, whatever it took. We found this part a little challenging, but also noticed it on many occasions. Here is yet another awareness of small cultural differences that make travel so...
I’ve been a japanophile for years and have just come back from yet another trip to Japan. My colleagues at Esprit Travel and I help people plan trips to Japan and we’ll all be sharing about the follies, foibles and fascinating adventures possible when you come to Japan from the land of the gaijin. If you want to know more about our trips, please see our website at www.esprittravel.com.
Since our establishment in 1966, by a charter of the City of Gainesville, Gainesville Housing Authority (GHA) has been committed to advocating and providing affordable housing for eligible individuals and families.
Ferrovie.it style is based on the Allan Style developed by forum tricolor. Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Limited
According to the most recent census conducted by the national statistics institute (INEI), 1,786 indigenous communities dwell in Peru. The country’s most populous indigenous peoples are the Aymara and Quechua from Peru’s highlands. Approximately 65 different indigenous peoples comprising over 300,000 people live in the Amazon region. Each people has its own language, traditions, culture and life philosophies.
Although Peru has signed the International Labour Organisation’s (ILO) Convention No.169, the government headed by President Fujimori has actually taken steps in the opposite direction. The indigenous peoples have the right to negotiate with the companies wishing to exploit the natural resources in their areas, but it is ultimately the government who decides in cases of doubt. In addition to the disputes with oil and mining companies, indigenous peoples have also been victims of the war between the Maoist “Shining Path” (Sendero Luminoso) underground movement and the army. In the Peruvian Amazon region, supplies of oil, natural gas, timber and mineral ores are plentiful.
The current government headed by social democratic president Alan García is planning to allow multinational companies including oil corporations to set up shop in the indigenous populations’ territories. This plan is underpinned by recently enacted decrees. The habitat of rare species of animals and plants as well as the living space of the indigenous peoples would thus be destroyed.
In 2009, indigenous people protested against the decree law, which allows for legal expropriation of their land and destruction of the rainforests through oil exploitation. They demand their right to independent and sustainable development.
They reinforced their demands by blockading roads and rivers, and occupying oil and natural gas production stations, whereupon the government declared a state of emergency in several areas. The blockades were then prevented forcibly through military intervention. Between 30 and 50 people died during the protests.
53 regional and local organisations from the Amazon region have joined forces within the Inter-ethnic Association for the Development of the Peruvian Rainforest (Asociación Interétnica de Desarrollo de la Selva Peruana, AIDESEP), which was established in 1980. It represents over 1,340 communities and thus some 350,000 indigenous people from the region. AIDESEP is committed to indigenous rights and the recognition of territories at the national level. Their goals include:
Preserving and developing the cultural identity, their territories and the values of each indigenous people in the Amazon region
Reinforcing the self-determination of the indigenous peoples within the framework of Peruvian and international law
When searching for images using keywords, use singular forms of the words whenever possible and use very general terms for maximum search results. Remember, the more specific the terms, the more narrow the results. Human beings enter keywords for images and each individual will describe an image differently. Keeping this in mind, entering a broad range of keywords will deliver the maximum potential results and assist you greatly in finding the image you are looking for.
The following features will further assist you in narrowing your results to the images that you require:
“ALL” – This is the default setting and search results will be limited to images containing all of the keywords entered. This allows you to limit your search to more specific results, but also may preclude some images that do not contain all of the keywords. Using very general terms will produce search results that may assist greatly in finding images that are appropriate for your requirements.
“ANY” – Using this feature allows you to search a number of keywords at once and results will include all images which contain at least one of the keywords entered. This is recommended for broad searches where you are looking for many image ideas and concepts to choose from.
“EXACT PHRASE” – This option limits search results to images that contain an exact phrase of keywords such as an expression or figure of speech, etc. As the keywording of images is somewhat subjective, this option should only be used when there is a very specific image that you are seeking that contains a phrase like “spring cleaning” or “pick of the litter” and it is likely that our staff would have entered this exact phrase to describe an image.
Use the “category selection” feature to refine your search to only those images that are likely to be found in the specific category chosen. As this feature works in conjunction with the keywords, not entering any keywords will show all images that have been classified into the selected category. As the category selection is designed for advanced searches, entering keywords will produce results that will be limited to images found in this category only. Keywords will be searched only within the selected category of images until the category selection is changed or “Select All Categories” is chosen to search the entire site .
IMPORTANT: When starting a new search, always reset the category to either “Select All Categories” or to the new category in which you wish to search within. If you do not select a new category or go back to “Search All Categories, then your results will continue to be limited to the category selected for the previous search.
If you need help finding the images that you require, give our staff a call and we will be happy to offer personal assistance for all of your image needs at no charge or obligation. As hundreds of new images are added monthly, there may be images that suit your requirements that are not yet uploaded to the site. Free assistance from our friendly staff can identify potential images that you require that are not presently on the site and provide them to you in a timely fashion.
With banks focused on shoring up liquidity and preventing runs on their shares, it seems online fraudsters are taking advantage of this opportunity to launch an ever increasing number of phishing attacks.
Brand monitoring specialists, Envisional identified almost half a million (460,000) separate phishing emails sent to bank customers in the six month period from April to September, with more than 170,000 in June alone (up 117% on June 2007).
According to Envisional, overall volumes of phishing emails sent to bank and insurance company customers were up 40% compared to 2007. It reports that one bank was hit by 350 separate attacks in one day.
Phishing emails which try to trick customers into giving away passwords and PINs, also demonstrated different targeting strategies, with 135,000 phishing emails targeting one specific bank in June. Phishers then changed tactics in July targeting two banks.
Who should be liable/responsible for personal internet security? It is a subject that has stimulated much debate in the UK Houses of Parliament with the House of Lords Science and Technology Committee publishing its damning Personal Internet Security report last year.
Highlighting the increasing incidence of online fraud, ID theft and phishing, the report recommended establishing a framework for collecting and classifying data on e-crime, and “more rigorous and co-ordinated analysis” of the incidence and costs of such crime. The latest APACS figures show that online banking fraud losses increased 185% to £21.4 million in the six months to June.
It also talked about deployment of security software at ISP level, the need for a dedicated regulator for the online world, and for Government to increase banks' fraud liability. In essence the report said that instead of the weight of responsibility for online security falling on individuals, responsibility should be "distributed".
More than a year since the committee published its report, there is talk of a specialised e-crime police unit being established. Other recommendations such as the passing of legislation to ensure banks take responsibility for losses incurred by electronic fraud and rules forcing software companies to accept culpability for damage caused by security flaws, which would allow individuals to report online fraud to the police rather than to their bank, have not been implemented.
With banks already having to receive a lifeline from the government just to finance their normal operations, it seems unlikely that the government (who is now a shareholder in UK banks) will pressure them into incurring liability for losses resulting from online fraud.
It comes back to that all important question I asked at the beginning - who should be culpable? And as responsibility for online fraud is distributed - amongst banks, ISP providers and hardware and software vendors - who is the most liable or culpable at any given point in time?
Phil Hickman, chairman of ValidSoft – internet security and transaction verification experts – argues that service providers should take responsibility for the security of users:
“Traditional security provisions employed online have been shown time and time again to be ineffective at protecting users from the threats presented by advanced fraudulent techniques. Authentication techniques used by financial institutions, for example, have so far proved unsuccessful at preventing identity theft and electronic fraud. Defence techniques currently used are simply not sophisticated enough to counter Man-in-the-Middle/Man-in-the-Browser attacks or information stealing techniques like phishing.”
The Parliamentary Committee has debated the idea of a "code of conduct" or "kite mark" for ISPs, this may be difficult to enforce and could increase costs for internet access. And given the "layered" nature of the internet, attribution of liability is problematic.
With the banks already focused on anti-money laundering and issuing customers with one time only password generators for online banking,it seems that UK politicians favour raising "the bar of expectation" on software vendors, either voluntarily or at the EU level.
Surely more needs to be done around giving the Data Protection Act more teeth, and in the case of government leakages or breaches of personal customer data imposing hefty fines equivalent to those imposed on private companies?
This is likely to become more of an issue given that the UK government wants to compile a huge centralised database containing personal details of people's communications in order to supposedly combat terrorism.
Mobile security is one of the biggest problems companies face. Employees taking laptops out of the company firewall and securing remote workers can be challenging to say the least.
And one does not need to point out that increasingly regulators are taking a dim view of customer data that is loss through company or employee negligence. Last year, the Financial Services Authority in the UK fined Nationwide Building Society £980,000 for the loss of a laptop which contained "confidential customer data" on 11 million customers.
Telecoms/network provider Alcatel-Lucent Bell believes it has the answer to securing remote workers and lap tops with its OmniAccess 3500 Nonstop Laptop Guardian. Invented in Bell Labs, the solution is an "always-on mobile security solution card that remotely secures, monitors, manages and locates a mobile computer and protects laptops and the data that resides on them".
"The mobile blind spot is defined as a condition where enterprises have no visibility or control over the location, use or configuration of employee laptops, increasing the risk of government fines, company reputation and hampering day-to-day operations of organisations. With this technology, enterprises have 24/7 access to employee laptops – enabling them to automatically enforce policies for compliance and deliver software patches and upgrades to their increasingly mobile workforce even if the laptop is turned off."
Forty-five percent of respondents in a recent study of 255 executive level IT, security and compliance decision makers from the US and Germany, admitted they have to deal with mobile blind spots. “The study shows nearly three out of four IT security managers have had to help their company deal with the consequences of a lost or stolen company laptop,” explained Tom Burns, head of Alcatel-Lucent enterprise activities.
An additional 76% said a lost or stolen laptop needed to be protected with more than encryption – for example, having the ability to locate the device using GPS and remotely revoking access to data. This is particularly useful if the laptop has been stolen, although looking at the picture of the mobile security card, a question that springs to mind is what happens if someone removes the device from the lap top?
According to the survey, 50% of companies state they would switch their wireless service to a provider with a security solution that protects lost or stolen laptops used remotely. No surprises then that SingTel of Singapore, Magyar Telekom of Hungary, and broadband carrier IIJ (Internet Initiative Japan Inc.) of Japan have announced they plan to offer the Laptop Guardian as a value-added service over their high-speed HSPA mobile data communications network.
The Laptop Guardian has its own processor, power supply and operating system, and it leverages wireless broadband networks, including next-generation, high-speed 3G GSM/HSPA networks. It has also been integrated with McAfee's Endpoint Encryption software.
With banks' IT budgets stretched to breaking point and likely to come under increasing strain in the wake of the credit crunch, where does this leave current efforts around combating financial crime and money laundering?
In a webinar on AML trends 2008-2010, Neil Katkov, managing director, Asia research, Celent, says increasingly, banks are looking too "kill two birds with one stone" by seeking solutions that help solve multiple financial crime and compliance issues. Global spend on anti-money laundering was estimated to be $3.6 billion in 2006, with the bulk of the cost tied up in personnel training and reporting.
According to Katkov, some firms, particularly in Europe, are consolidating their financial crime efforts under one umbrella - a “Group Integrity” department that combines anti-money laundering (AML), fraud and, in some cases, security. US banks tend to lead their European and Asian counterparts in terms of AML technology spend - this may have something to do with strict enforcement and interpretation of the US Patriot Act, which places considerable focus on uncovering sources of terrorist financing.
Katkov says Asian banks have "only recently got serious about AML" (although their spending on AML is likely to grow at a faster pace) and that small banks in all regions are grappling with "manual approaches" to AML. At the lower end of the scale firms may prefer to implement an outsourced or ASP AML solution, which is slowly starting to gain traction. According to Katkov, at least one major bank in the US has outsourced its AML compliance operations
While various channels such as the diamond and arms trades are sometimes used to launder money, Katkov maintains that 82% of all money laundering activity goes through banks and brokerages. Insurance companies account for an estimated 10% of activity.
One of the biggest challenges Katkov identifies is applying existing anti-money laundering strategies and techniques to brokerage money laundering, which he says is typically part of the "layering" process - banks are the front line for money laundering. "You can’t just transfer bank AML techniques to brokerage," says Katkov, adding that trading behaviours are different.
For example, transaction peaks may not have the same significance on the brokerage side as they do on the banking side. It is also more difficult to profile customers as "execution only brokerages" may be executing trades on behalf of other firms.
Ex-rogue traders have a habit of crawling out of the woodwork in the midst of one of the worst collapses of the global financial system. Former rogue trader, Nick Leeson whose "unsupervised speculative trading" resulted in the collapse of the UK's Barings Bank in 1995, was speaking at a conference of European corporate treasurers in Barcelona recently.
Reminiscing about the good old days as an unsupervised derivatives trader in Singapore, Leeson leveled significant blame for the global credit crisis at central banks and the regulators, who he says don't understand the markets or risks they are supposed to be regulating.
"There is plenty of risk, but no one managing it," said Leeson. "After Barings there were new regulations by the Bank of England and they spoke about responsible lending, but it clearly hasn't happened."
As the financial system now has to grapple with the concept of heightened global regulation, Leeson suggests that central banks may not be the best candidates for enforcing these regulations. "Central bank understanding is very poor," he said. In his days as a derivative trader for Barings in Singapore, Leeson said the Singapore Monetary Exchange did not have people that understood the business.
"The monetary exchange knew my position. They had a process of non-disclosure but all they had to do is look up the rates on Bloomberg and see what my [total] position was. If they had done that they would have seen that I risked the capital of the bank." In 1994 Barings was capitalised at $250 million and Leeson had $500 million in Singapore.
Although the subprime crisis, which triggered the credit crunch has been attributed to the lack of transparency and complexity of mortgage-backed collateralised debt obligations, Leeson says it is not the instruments that are the problem. "It is the people operating them. Some of the biggest banks employ the best mathematicians, but their risk calculations haven't worked."
Leeson said he got away with so much during his time at Barings because management of the bank did not deem themselves to be in a position to challenge him - in other words they did not understand the markets he was investing in so he was pretty much given free reign as long as he was bringing in profits for the bank.
While rogue traders have not been directly linked to the credit crunch, the exposure of the $7 billion in losses Jerome Kerviel racked up at Societe Generale came at a time when the crunch was starting to bite and highlighted the precarious risk-taking counterculture within investment banks - some traders were literally betting the bank and getting away with it if those bets paid off. " Jerome Kerviel was a shock to me," said Leeson. "He was given far too much autonomy for a junior trader."
With banks around the world distracted by the global credit crunch, plunging share prices and government bail-outs, this can be a time when fraudsters up the ante hoping that banks will be too distracted to notice the rising incidence of fraud.
According to risk management software provider, Actimize, the number of mass data breaches, particularly those involving ATM and debit fraud, has accelerated, and a at time when banks' balance sheets look compromised, the reputational and direct costs of replacing lost or compromised cards, is an unwelcome additional cost for any bank to have to deal with.
Just as banks need to restore confidence in one another so interbank lending can resume, so too do they need to restore customer's confidence in debit and credit cards. But in a heightened threat landscape where the threat level is becoming increasingly sophisticated and insidious, banks appear to be on the back foot.
Fighting card fraud is not just about compromised ATMs or phishing emails anymore, as recent incidents have borne out. For example, according to Actimize, in Ireland recently fraudsters posing as bank workers, replaced credit card readers in a number of retail stores with fake readers that captured the data on 10,000 credit and debit cards.
In Calgary, Canada, local businesses were defrauded of approximately CAN $2 million by fraudsters that broke into company databases and inflated the value of pre-paid debit cards. They then withdrew money at ATMs with "cloned" cards.
Authentication specialists, GrIDsure, highlight a recent incident where MasterCard users were the victims of sophisticated Chip and PIN fraud involving up to 40 stores across Britain including Asda, Tesco and Sainsbury’s. It has called for affirmative action to avoid "further embarrassment" for the UK banking industry.
"While Chip and PIN scams are becoming more and more frequent, it seems that nobody is willing to address the issue head on," says Jonathan Craymer, chairman of GrIDsure. "It is blatantly obvious that Chip and PIN’s reliance on a fixed PIN number is leaving the system vulnerable to attack through sophisticated scams such as this recent one involving MasterCard customers. I wonder how many more people will fall victim to scams like this before the industry stands up and takes action."
Recent incidents highlight the vulnerabilities of Chip and PIN, which were introduced to try and prevent fraud, but Craymer seems to be saying that the industry needs to improve the security of the Chip and PIN system with the introduction of one-time PINs.
UK banks have sent smart card readers that generate one-time PINs to online banking customers, however, Craymer says it is time to find a solution that effectively addresses transaction authentication, not just on the UK high street, but also online and abroad. “Chip and PIN was introduced to put a stop to high street fraud, but as fraudsters begin to find their way around the system we have seen total card fraud losses increase by 14% in the first half of this year alone.”
Financial journalist Anita Hawser sets out to demystify the world of fraud. What is the real threat landscape? What are the strategies and technologies for combating fraud, and how well do they perform?
6. We’ll make it easier for police to catch and prosecute criminals by giving them the power to take DNA from every person arrested for an imprisonable offence.
We will pass this law as a matter of priority and work with police to provide the resources needed to ensure that, by the end of our first term at the latest, this is the practice of every police district in the country. As is the case with fingerprints and photographs, we will require DNA records to be destroyed where charges are dropped or where suspects are found not guilty.
So while it does still seem inexplicably extreme to me (why not just wait for convictions), that does preclude the particular evilness I was concerned about.
[Update: It struck me that it's still likely to encourage the cops to charge people just to get the DNA. But I'll try to wait and see.]
As more provisional results are churned out by the Fijian Elections Office, we take a look at the top five candidates af...
SODELPA’s national candidate Lynda Tabuya is leading the women candidates after 1195 stations were counted in the prov...
FijiFirst leader Voreqe Bainimarama still maintain a strong lead after 750 stations were counted and released in the pro...
Vishnu Prasad, 78, of Nagigi was happy to cast his vote after he was admitted at the Labasa hospital earlier this week. ...
Police Commissioner Brigadier-General Sitiveni Qiliho says he is eager to receive an update from the Offic...
Air New Zealand has dis­closed its new airbus A321neo aircraft will begin operating Auckland-Nadi-Auck­land from Janua...
The High Court in Lautoka has ruled that RB Patel Group Limited has a case to answer in a case in which the company was ...
Centre Eroni Vasiteri is un­likely to be part of the Fiji Airways Flying Fijians tour party in the remaining matches ag...
The Gary Hewer-coached British Amateur Rugby League Associa­tion (BARLA) Lions team is looking forward to kick off the ...
Mohammed Yusuf is look­ing forward to exciting games this weekend in the finals of the 2018 Vodafone Na­tional Club Ch...
Fiji Airways Fijian 7s head coach Gareth Baber is happy with the performance of the new players in the squad. This wa...
Acting Prime Minister and Attorney-General Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum on his way to Parliament on April 20. Photo: Simione Haravanua
The Government is looking into options for the development of a new international seaport in Vanua Levu.
Acting Prime Minister and Attorney-General Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum revealed this in his response to Opposition SODELPA Whip Aseri Radrodro’s end of the week statement.
Mr Sayed-Khaiyum said Government was now looking into options for the development of a new international seaport in Vanua Levu, with a possibility of relocating new cargo services from the Suva wharf.
He said initial feasibility studies for the port in Vanua Levu had been undertaken with work underway for technical economic and environmental impact assessment and detailed design work.
Mr Sayed-Khaiyum also said a Ports Master Plan with a seven-year implementation strategy was being developed to determine the current state of scope for international port operations.
Meanwhile, Mr Radrodro called for the jetties and wharves in Fiji to be upgraded so that frequency of shipping services to the outer islands could be improved.
He said in the 2017-2018 Budget, there was an allocation of $30.6million to upgrade and replace bridges as well as $11.1m for the maintenance and renewal of jetties in Savusavu, Vunisea in Kadavu and Natovi in Tailevu.
For the Natovi Jetty the Fiji Roads Authority (FRA) was planning on the upgrade of the jetty by improving the current area and by providing a second jetty for interisland ferries. He said this would cost around F$17m and FRA was looking into a shared cost arrangement.
Maiken rated it really liked it Jun 01, This book has been given to me after an interesting conversation with the father of a friend of mine. Micah rated it it was amazing Jan 11, Art too is given a similar treatment, with L-G tracing the development of human aesthetics leroi gourhan el gesto y la palabra its sensual grounding in taste, touch, sight and smell all the way through to the ‘functional aesthetics’ of tools and the figurative representations of modern – and pre-modern – art.
Radu rated it it was amazing Apr 07, Just a moment while we sign you in to your Leroi gourhan el gesto y la palabra account. Jorge rated it it was ok Dec 14, What is remarkable, it is that the hominisation is done with acquisition of the artistic direction and religion. We are just another species, the result of evolution and contingency.
And the gesture is accompanied by sounds which will become a language. Gesture and Speech 4. In conclision, is a good book but I recommend it only for readers who love this subject.
Tuba rated it really liked it Dec 02, See All Goodreads Deals…. Hallvard rated it it was amazing Mar 07, Here Leroi-Gourhan addresses the problems of instinct and intelligence. Beyond our mere ‘zoological’ traits however, space and time themselves become subject to a progressive ‘humanization’, with cities and communities transforming the environment for the sake leroi gourhan el gesto y la palabra human proclivities; socialized rhythms of work, transport, play and sleep warping and waning the power of non-human cadences – think planetary motion and seasonal change – in ways unthinkable to gwsto nomadic hunter-gatherers of yesteryear.
It is it who makes it possible to seize out of gwsto. There is the fundamental role of this small muscle: This is not to say that we aren’t free or that evolution is the only allmighty force that rules every aspect of our life, it’s just a way to accept yourhan we are, wat we can leroi gourhan el gesto y la palabra and why we should do it.
The importance of the transition between primate and hominid is a delicate phase. I don’t know how it appear in screen.
leroi gourhan el gesto y la palabra We are animals but this doesn’t make our life different, we have only to accept this. Leroi-Gourhan exerted a considerable influence not only among prehistorians but also at the ethnologists. After all, nothing less gouryan the arc and trajectory of ‘the human adventure’ is at stake in this work, one extending from depths of evolutionary time right through to the as-yet unrealized future s of humanity.
His bold and coherent revision of both analytic and archaeological methods revolutionized the study of prehistoric culture. Trivia About Gesture and Speech. What made us so different was not our bigger brain, but our symmetry,our hand and our posture.
Just a moment while we sign you in to your Goodreads account. This work is a sum which enables us to understand from where we come. All to say nothing of the discussion of language made famous by Jacques Derrida, among others.
All to say nothing of the discussion gesot language made famous by Jacques Derrida, among others. Published June 4th by Mit Press first published.
There are no discussion topics on this book yet. Little rated it it was amazing Apr 18, Tiago Fontes rated it really liked it Oct palahra, Radu rated it it was amazing Apr 07, And the gesture is accompanied by sounds which will become a language.
To see what your friends thought of this book, please sign up. With both at play, and to the degree that we remain the protagonists and inheritors of the chronicle presented herein, Gesture and Speech is a work of anthropological magic leroi gourhan el gesto y la palabra simply cannot be overlooked.
See 1 question about Gesture and Speech…. Gabriele rated it liked it May 10, This book is a really interesting reading if you’re keen on biology, paleo-anthropology, linguistics and anthropology, but can be awfully boring if you’re not interested I found the first part, more about paleontology than anthropology a bit too complex for me, but I really liked when he starts dealing with leroi gourhan el gesto y la palabra, language and culture.
On most of our pictures of products we have used our logotype as a "watermark", it is only only picture and not printed on the product.
Students are calling for the new bachelor programmes, introduced in the context of the Bologna process, to be abandoned. They complain the courses are too rigid and crammed with contents.
Contrary to the Bologna objective of enhancing mobility, there are claims that present credit transfer regulations are making switching from course to course or university to university more difficult, let alone allowing students to go abroad to study. A further item on the student protest agenda was the introduction of tuition fees and, under the motto "Education is not for sale" they called for the fees to be scrapped altogether.
This particular graphic (Doorbell with Multiple Chimes Fabulous Wireless Doorbell) preceding is labelled with: doorbell camera,doorbell joke,doorbell patible with homekit,doorbell questions,doorbell with a camera,doorbell with buzzer,doorbell with integrated transformer,doorbell with keypad,doorbell with monitor,doorbell with motion sensor camera,doorbell with phone notification,doorbell with wifi,doorbell xiaomi,doorbell zipato,ring doorbell with echo show,ring doorbell with existing chime,ring doorbell with fibaro,ring doorbell with transformer,ring the doorbell with your elbow,wireless doorbell with voice inter, published by simply Jerry Powell at 2018-11-01 22:01:18. To view almost all graphics within Admirable Pictures Of Doorbell with Multiple Chimes graphics gallery you need to abide by this hyperlink.
"Seemingly because of the Wessely School’s beliefs, children with ME/CFS have been diagnosed as having "pervasive refusal syndrome" and many have been forcibly removed from their distraught parents (see below), who themselves have been labelled as having Munchausen’s Syndrome by Proxy, a damaging label that is never deleted from their medical records."
The NYTimes today adds Jack Kemp's name to the short list that your husband is considering as his running mate. My wild hunch is that you are responsible, as it is unlikely that anyone else around Bob could possibly get Jack's name into play at this late hour. Everyone assumes it is impossible for Jack to be considered because Bob simply does not like him, that he does not feel comfortable with him, and that he still has not forgiven Jack for endorsing Steve Forbes at the last minute. Yet it was only when Jack endorsed Steve that I advised my business clients that it made it possible for Jack to be considered as Bob Dole's running mate. If Jack had not, he would have abdicated his leadership of the Growth wing of the GOP, putting his personal career ahead of the ideas he has represented for 20 years. His endorsement of Steve was an act of courage that re-established Jack's leadership. If Bob is to have any chance of winning against Clinton and Perot, it has to be with Jack. There are only two wings of the GOP — the Security (or austerity) wing that Bob has been part of throughout his career, and the Growth wing. Reagan united the wings in 1980 by putting Bush on the ticket. Bush united the wings in 1988 by pledging to remain faithful to the Growth elements in the party ("read my lips"). Bob cannot unite the party without a marriage with the leader of the Growth wing.
The only way to close a 20-point gap against Clinton is if Bob can persuade women and minorities that he and Gingrich will not team up to tear apart the social safety net. That is the source of his "gender gap," not his positions on feminist issues or abortion. No verbal promises of tax cuts or "read my lips" pledges will overcome the cynicism of the voters, who cannot realistically trust Bob and Gingrich in the White House and Congress with their history of putting the austerity cart before the growth horse. The voters have to see that President Dole is willing to swallow his discomfort with Jack and allow him to occupy an adjoining office in the West Wing. Only then would they sense that every time Bob has an uncontrollable urge to slash social spending to balance the budget (or to bomb North Korea), Jack will tackle him and talk him out of it. The other names on the short list would either encourage him to balance the budget or to bomb North Korea, or they would stand aside respectfully, too junior to tackle the boss.
I've known Bob since early 1969, when we spent a week together traveling around Florida looking at migrant camps. We've been on friendly terms on and off, but never in that period did I lose my respect for him. We just got out of political synch. He probably remembers me telling him back in 493 that I thought Jack should be his running mate in '96, that Jack needs a season on the bench as the backup quarterback. If I don't miss my guess, I think you feel the same way.
The United States Department of State’s Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs (ECA) fosters mutual understanding between the people of the United States and the people of other countries to promote friendly, and peaceful relations, according to its website. ECA hosts the ExchangesConnect social network, an international online community that highlights first-person stories about cultures, commonalities, and exchange program experiences.
The State Department designed an online video contest to encourage discussion and participation around cultural topics, and to promote membership in the network. Faced with budget constraints and a short implementation timeline, the State Department was looking for a nimble and cost-effective way to accomplish its mission.
The State Department and its prime contractor, MetroStar Systems, who built the contest platform, looked to Amazon Web Services (AWS) to power the contest. According to the State Department, AWS provided a “reliable hosting platform capable of supporting any degree of scalability, and a platform that allowed the development team to focus on the software solution rather than the infrastructure.”
The contest was a success and took advantage of AWS’s scalability. The contest drew participants from more than 160 countries, and video uploads from over 50 of them.
The diagram below illustrates the deployment architecture for the State Department’s ExchangesConnect Video Contest.
The biggest challenge on this project was time. According to David Keener, a Senior Solutions Architect for MetroStar Systems’ New Media Practice, “We had to implement the entire contest platform in two and a half months, including features such as entry submission, a sophisticated workflow, online comments, voting, moderation, administrative reports, tools to support judging by remote celebrity judges, and numerous other features.”
Keener notes that paying for virtual computers on an as-needed basis is cheaper, easier, and faster than having to procure physical hardware and customize systems one at a time. He says, “The process is indisputably faster and easier than before, and doesn’t involve any support personnel.”
Johnny Nguyen, Vice President of MetroStar Systems’ New Media Practice, added: “Selecting the AWS Cloud was one of the easiest and simplest system architecture decisions. AWS provided us with many key benefits and we will continue to leverage AWS for future solutions here at MetroStar Systems.”
The cell communicates with the surroundings via receptors in the cell surface. Based on structural and functional similarities, membrane receptors are mainly divided into 3 classes: The ion channel-linked receptor, the enzyme-linked receptor and G protein-coupled receptor. Reference wikipedia.
TRP channels (transient receptor potential channels) - the family is subdivided into 6 subfamilies based on homology:
This TRP superfamily of ion channels play a crucial role in a broad range of sensory functions including vision, taste, olfaction, hearing, touch, pain and thermosensation. Reference.
Alan R. Light, Charles J. Vierck, and Kathleen C. Light have written about TRPV1s possible role in ME/CFS and comorbidities in Translation from Mouse Sensory Neurons to Fibromyalgia and Chronic Fatigue Syndromes.
I find TRP ion channels interesting because they are found in dorsal root ganglia and they are suspected to be involved with microglia activation as I wrote about in my last blogs. Pathophysiological roles of transient receptor potential channels in glial cells.
And TRP ion channel interact with G protein coupled receptors, which Professor Don Staines has hypothesised is involved in ME. Two to tango: GPCR oligomers and GPCR-TRP channel interactions in nociception.
Recent research shows that TRPV1 is a stress response protein in the central nervous system. TRPV1 is emerging as a key mediator of CNS function through modulation of both glial and neuronal activity. Growing evidence has suggested that TRPV1 can mediate a variety of pathways from glial reactivity and cytokine release to synaptic transmission and plasticity. Increasing evidence shows that TRPV1 is as a regulator of CNS function in response to stress. This article also suggests that TRPV1 is implicated in dopamine and glutamte release, and within the dorsal root ganglion, TRPV1 expression is localized to the C-and Aδ- fibers. Here, channel activation leads to calcium elevations and subsequent release of neuropeptides including calcitonin-gene-related peptide and substance P.
TRP channels is also considered to be involved in neropathic pain in diabetes: Role of Oxidative Stress and Ca(2+) Signaling on Molecular Pathways of Neuropathic Pain in Diabetes: Focus on TRP Channels.
And in bladder pain syndrome: Transient receptor potential A1 receptor-mediated neural cross-talk and afferent sensitization induced by oxidative stress: Implication for the pathogenesis of interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome.
In IBS: Increased capsaicin receptor TRPV1-expressing sensory fibres in irritable bowel syndrome and their correlation with abdominal pain.
There is a book about TRP Channels here: TRP Ion Channel Function in Sensory Transduction and Cellular Signaling Cascades.
"Inflammation is a part of the body's natural response to tissue injury which initiates the healing process. Unfortunately, inflammation is frequently painful and leads to hypersensitivity to mechanical stimuli, which is difficult to treat clinically. While it is well established that altered sensory processing in the spinal cord contributes to mechanical hypersensitivity (central sensitization), it is still debated whether primary afferent neurons become sensitized to mechanical stimuli after tissue inflammation....Our findings indicate that C-Mechano Cold sensitive fibers exhibit enhanced firing to suprathreshold mechanical stimuli in a TRPA1-dependent manner during inflammation, and that input from these fibers drives mechanical hyperalgesia in inflamed mice."
tiny home furniture tiny house furniture home interior design magazine mart falls tiny home furniture design.
tiny home furniture canada house storage design live a big life in on wheels,tiny house furniture plans home ikea storage pins houses,tiny home storage furniture decoration plans diy house,tiny home furniture plans house white woodworking projects ikea,tiny home furniture canada how one couple adapted a square foot house for their new space saving where to buy,home design tiny house hunters storage furniture plans diy,tiny home storage furniture houses shows plans house design,tiny house decorating ideas furniture design diy home ikea,tiny home space saving furniture for houses ikea store rattan,this amazing army tiny house has furniture folded inside its storage design home canada.
The Maya developed a hieroglyphic script (around 300 BCE), which contained signs representing words or sounds that could be combined and/or merged in different ways. This written language survived until about 1700 CE.
Vendor preview for the Winter 2018 ASD Market Week show. Sent out as a direct mail piece and was, additionally, available to view online.
Over a pair of 12” releases on his own BROADWALK RECORDS, JULIO BASHMORE rounded off 2014 in prolific style with a succession of brilliant tracks (SIMPLE LOVE, RHYTHM OF AULD, KNOCKIN’ BOOTS, PETALS) that provided an early taste of the sound of his forthcoming debut album. He now kicks of 2015 in similar style with another cut from the album. Featuring vocals from London based producer, multi-instrumentalist, singer-songwriter and funk colossus BIXBY, ‘KONG’ is another fine example of the kind of emotive, powerful, timeless house music that BASHMORE has become renowned for.
Meanwhile, following a sold out London show at XOYO on Friday, JULIO BASHMORE will be DJing throughout 2015. The full, currently announced dates are:
Meanwhile, JULIO BASHMORE’S BROADWALK RECORDS continues to go from strength to strength. The label’s most recent release was SHANTI CELESTE’S acclaimed UNIVERSAL GLOW EP, which followed the success of releases by the likes of VELOUR, MADDSLINKY, KOWTON, FUNKINEVEN and of course BASHMORE himself.
Did a not-so-welcome visitor break a window when they were trying to get into your home or vehicle? Did you find a broken mirror or window as you were getting in your car to head to work? Our experts at Discount Auto Glass in Pine Bluff are here to meet your glass needs. Come see us at our office on S. Olive Street or give us a call to schedule an appointment. We’re located just minutes from Interstate 530. We were founded in Little Rock in 1999 and have been serving the people of Arkansas ever since.
Well-equipped Physics, Chemistry and Biology laboratories cater the needs of science students. These laboratories are updated on regular basis to meet the changing demands of the syllabi.
Niggas treat me right and if that don't ring a bell I'm the brother running the show like Stringer Bell.
We work with hardware startups, companies and individuals to develop, design and prototype their product ideas.
Create functional parts or prototypes with our fast and accurate additive manufacturing processes. We can produce your parts within 24 hours or same day if needed. We can handle a one-off part or a Low Volume production run.
FILE2FAB can perform a variety of 3D Scanning tasks within 24 to 48 hours. Our 3D scans are used for reverse engineering, analysis, prototyping, product design, in game assets, sculpture and art preservation. Come to our location or we can come to you.
FILE2FAB is a design group focused on helping individuals and companies develop ideas into successful, marketable and manufacturable products. Driven by a passion for great product design, we deliver concepts that are innovative, relevant and beautiful. Disciplined design thinking, problem solving and rapid prototyping allow us to develop new products for new markets or reinvigorate products in established markets.
As a result of our process, our customers grow their business, extend their brand and achieve their goals. Our customers are individuals, startups and brand leaders. Projects we engage in range in scale from human-centered to large built environments.
Our primary services are product design, engineering and prototyping. We also provide additive manufacturing (3D Printing), reverse engineering, visualization, 3D scanning and 3D software training services
Cuts will cost British universities their international reputations - Polly Curtis, education editor Friday 20 November 2009 Guardian
Financial crisis beckons as public spending cuts loom and universities face intense competition from overseas
"Investigation of this teenager found serological evidence of post-streptococcal infection and autoimmune antibodies to parts of the brain responsible for aspects of movement. This throws up a number of questions about whether children with conditions of this nature are a heterogenous group, whether we fully understand their aetiology and how best to provide treatment and support."
Professor Hugh Perry from University of Southampton gave an absolut wonderful presentation on the INVEST in ME conference in June 2012. I have just seen his prensentation on the conference DVD - twice!!
(I can highly recommend the DVDs from the conference. You need to have a little medical insight to understand them. You can buy them here.)
Professor Hugh Perry is not a ME researcher, but is a professor of experimental neuropathology. He researches in Inflammation in the CNS and its contribution to Neurological Disease.
"Systemic infection or inflammation gives rise to signals that communicate with the brain and leads to changes in metabolism and behaviour collectively known as sickness behaviour. In healthy young individuals, these changes are normally transient with no long-term consequences. The microglia are involved in the immune to brain signalling pathways. In the aged or diseased brain, the microglia have a primed phenotype as a consequence of changes in their local microenvironment. Systemic inflammation impacts on these primed microglia and switches them from a relatively benign to an aggressive phenotype with the enhanced synthesis of pro-inflammatory mediators. Recent evidence suggests that systemic inflammation contributes to the exacerbation of acute symptoms of chronic neurodegenerative disease and may accelerate disease progression. The normal homeostatic role that microglia play in signalling about systemic infections and inflammation becomes maladaptive in the aged and diseased brain and this offers a route to therapeutic intervention. Prompt treatment of systemic inflammation or blockade of signalling pathways from the periphery to the brain may help to slow neurodegeneration and improve the quality of life for individuals suffering from chronic neurodegenerative disease."
If ME is a neurodegererative disease with microglia priming, it could explain why ME patients are getting worse after an infection.
The conclusion from this study Long-term impact of systemic bacterial infection on the cerebral vasculature and microglia:
"These studies reveal that the innate immune cells in the brain do not become tolerant to systemic infection, but are primed instead. This may lead to prolonged and damaging cytokine production that may have a profound effect on the onset and/or progression of pre-existing neurodegenerative disease."
The abstract from this study Glucocorticoids mediate stress-induced priming of microglial pro-inflammatory responses:
"Acute and chronic stress sensitizes or "primes" the neuroinflammatory response to a subsequent pro-inflammatory challenge. While prior evidence shows that glucocorticoids (GCs) play a pivotal role in stress-induced potentiation of neuroinflammatory responses, it remains unclear whether stress-induced GCs sensitize the response of key CNS immune substrates (i.e. microglia) to pro-inflammatory stimuli. An ex vivo approach was used to address this question. Here, stress-induced GC signaling was manipulated in vivo and hippocampal microglia challenged with the pro-inflammatory stimulus LPS ex vivo. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were either pretreated in vivo with the GC receptor antagonist RU486 or adrenalectomized (ADX). Animals were then exposed to an acute stressor (inescapable tailshock; IS) and 24 h later hippocampal microglia were isolated and challenged with LPS to probe for stress-induced sensitization of pro-inflammatory responses. Prior exposure to IS resulted in a potentiated pro-inflammatory cytokine response (e.g. IL-1β gene expression) to LPS in isolated microglia. Treatment in vivo with RU486 and ADX inhibited or completely blocked this IS-induced sensitization of the microglial pro-inflammatory response. The present results suggest that stress-induced GCs function to sensitize the microglial pro-inflammatory response (IL-1β, IL-6, NFκBIα) to immunologic challenges."
This is also interesting Minocycline attenuates microglia activation and blocks the long-term epileptogenic effects of early-life seizures:
"Inhibition of seizure-induced inflammation by 7 day minocycline post-treatment abrogated both the exaggerated microglia activation and the increased susceptibility to the second seizure later in life. The priming effect of early-life seizures is accompanied by modified and rapidly reactivated microglia. Our results suggest that anti-inflammatory therapy after SE may be useful to block the epileptogenic process and mitigate the long-term damaging effects of early-life seizures."
"Exaggerated pro-inflammatory cytokine production by primed microglia is thought to mediate pathology during stress, aging, and neurodegeneration. Recently, it was demonstrated that beta-adrenergic receptor (β-AR) antagonism prevents priming of microglia in mice exposed to chronic stress. To determine if β-AR stimulation is sufficient to prime microglia, rats were intra-cerebroventricularly administered isoproterenol (β-AR agonist) or vehicle and 24h later hippocampal microglia were placed in culture with media or LPS. Prior isoproterenol treatment significantly enhanced IL-1β and IL-6, but not TNF-α production following LPS stimulation. These data suggest that central β-AR stimulation is sufficient to prime microglia cytokine responses."
Some Christians take a lot of comfort in the idea that God will do the heavy lifting when it comes to dating.
Nowhere, however, does it say that God picked out a spunky brunette whom he's waiting to spring on you at the right moment. When it comes to God, I'm pretty careful about saying what he does or doesn't do.
On Discomfort and How Martial Arts Training Creates Confidence – On Discomfort and How Martial Arts Training Creates Confidence - On Discomfort and How Martial Arts Training Creates Confidence -
One of my favorite memes is the Awkward Seal. If you have spent any time on Facebook or Reddit, you’ve seen something like this:
We can and should point and laugh at situations like this, but let’s take a moment to acknowledge the power of the underlying force at work here: discomfort. If there was a “Discomfort Scale” (patent pending), simple awkward situations like this would probably register pretty low. On the other, something like an escalating verbal and/or physical confrontation should (hopefully) be up towards to the top for an average person. How well you can manage yourself in uncomfortable situations helps you manage your response to situations all along the discomfort scale scale, and you can develop those coping skills with martial arts training. To find out why that works, let’s talk about what discomfort really is.
Discomfort is an important psychological and physical phenomenon. Whether it’s the anxiety or worry that comes with uncomfortable or dangerous social situations, or that feeling you get in your stomach when you are hungry, it is your mind and body telling you to take action to end it. Discomfort is never classified as a “pleasant” experience any stretch of the word, but it is important in driving your behavior. Whenever you make a decision, observe how much discomfort actually plays a role in your decision making process; for example, do you deserve a raise at your job? If so, what is stopping you from asking for one? What would need to change for you to ask for it?
The answer is simple: you become more comfortable through developing your confidence and self efficacy. Through training yourself to be successful, you learn just how much of your life you can control. Martial arts training is a huge opportunity for this. Case in point: A couple of weeks ago, I was approached by one of our blue belts, who said she had been thankful for the confidence she’d gained in this art, and that it led to her asking for a raise. Before training, she let discomfort get in the way of asking, like many people; after asking (and getting the raise) she was pumped to see what kind of control she actually had! That’s why ninjitsu and the martial arts are important. They help you bring about life change, and I tie many growth opportunities back to improving our ability to deal with uncomfortable situations.
How exactly does this work though? How does martial arts training improve my ability to cope with wider ranges of discomfort while developing confidence? Glad you asked!
1: It provides different levels of opportunity to experience discomfort and be successful. Some people new to martial arts are uncomfortable with even being grabbed by the wrist or lapel, and within two years are fine with being thrown around and attacked with knives. Martial arts gives you the opportunity to start small with stressful situations and develop the intensity at your own pace.
2: Martial arts provide the opportunity to be repetitively successful. When you have slipped the same punch 200 times, success and the ability to dissect your performance becomes habit.
3: Training prompts you to look inward and comprehend and analyze your emotions during stressful periods. Whether we are reflecting during post-class discussion or you are just staying aware during normal training, you will start to see how what you think and feel is affecting your movement and behavior. A primary to fixing problems is understanding them.
4: Martial arts and especially ninjitsu provide you the chance to train to respond in ways you normally wouldn’t. While we as instructors want you to develop along your own personal path, we will still ask you to try new things. Teaching a normally shy person to explode into an attacker with a fiery, aggressive technique is uncomfortable for many people when they first start, but they develop the ability to do it over time. It becomes a “when needed” resource for students who normally live more passively.
5: Training surrounds you with a community of like minded and supportive people. You can have a great art, but if you don’t have a positive community you will not be a school that people will want to attend for long! Surrounding yourself with people that celebrate your success with you is HIGHLY important for people developing confidence. You will see this is especially with young children, as we see in our Little Ninja class, and it holds true for adults too. There is a reason why many therapy models incorporate a group support component. Think of Discovery as a support community that just uses a heck of a lot more joint locks.
It’s very easy to sit back and “play it safe.” Oftentimes, it’s advisable! Otherwise, you have the sport of “skateboarding.” However, If you have noticed a need in your life that you fear chasing down; that new promotion, that raise, that difficult conversation you need to have with someone, then martial arts training with Discovery may be what you need after all. Not only will you improve your ability to take control over your own life, but if you ever come across a violent or dangerous situation, you can become the person who could handle it.
I know training has certainly shaped who I am today, but I have a question for all of the other martial artists out there: How has your training shaped you?
The first show of the Come On Pilgrim... It's Surfer Rosa tour just finished.... I wasn't there sadly, but here's the setlist from setlist.org
Saw video on the facebook fan page of Charles reading the "You Fuckin' Die" bit off a piece of paper... no idea if the "field hockey players" bit was included or not... would be weird if anyone besides Kim were to read that...
Also... this has to be the first Pixies gig since 1988 where no Doolittle songs were played.... that's pretty incredible...
From the pics/video clips i've seen on Facebook/Instagram, the visuals looked awesome. Must've been an amazing show all in all. Can't wait for Brooklyn.
Other attendees might want to bear in mind that the show starts with a 20 minutes �documentary� (really a slide show with Vaughn Oliver narrating) about the artwork.
Will be there tomorrow, was a bit meh about the whole thing initially but now I am switching to Officially EXCITED.
Also a question: Would it be trolling to wear a Head Carrier T-shirt to this gig? (I also have a nice Ed is Dead one)
"From the frantic punk of Isla De Encanta to the barbed groove of Gigantic, all night they despatched flawless renditions of fan favourites. Conversely, this carbon copy approach resulted in a dearth of spontaneity and � coupled with the total absence of audience interaction � meant the atmosphere for what should have been a celebration often felt flat. Hopefully, they can put this right for their remaining nights."
Was the instant.com review translated from another language or something?? Because I have a new favorite Pixies song, and it�s The Vacation Tune.
Same here! Why hasn�t anyone recorded those gems yet? All I see are videos of Where is My Mind and Gigantic...
-	Have to start by saying even at 5pm I wasn�t up for it at all. Stressful day at work, lumbered with a grotty cold and what I really want is a new Pixies record not an old album tour. But a bite and couple of G&Ts and it was game on.
-	The first strange thing was that there were no ticket touts outside the tube stop or near the venue. I have never seen that in my life. And I had to show photo ID along with the ticket. Seems the measures to try to stop the touts worked quite well
-	The roundhouse is well, round. There was one big screen behind them and then five smaller screens on the side. When we arrived the documentary was on about the album cover art but I have to say that the audio was not that engaging so I went to the bar.
-	Never having been to the venue before I had no idea what to expect sound wise�The sound was immense. There was no separation of the instruments that I have heard before (esp say during Indie Cindy, Silver Snail). It was just a wall of guitar noise. Whoever set up the amps or mixing desk did a great job.
-	They did the Surfer Rosa chatter both prior to Vamos and I�m Amazed. Frank had to read it off a sheet which is quite funny really. And he said �No I talking to Paz� which got a few boos� Frank was actually slightly chatty, he gave warning midway about taking it easy because somebody broke their foot the previous night
-	WIMM felt a bit out of place. There was a big gap between then end of Euphrates and start of Cactus as they had to swap over the guitars
-	The band were up for it big style. Joey dressed like he walked of the set of Scarface. The songs were really tight, I did not hear any mistakes, even the songs they don�t usually play (Tony�s Theme, I�m Amazed, Oh my Golly) sounded great.
-	They did the B-sides in between two albums. I think it started with Heaven then Rock A My Soul, Build High, Down To The Well and Dancing the Manta Ray (not sure exact order is right). Build High surprisingly good, Down To The Well was fantastic.
-	Highlight of the night was River Euphrates. Even though I�ve known this for 30 years I have to say what a FU**ING TUNE!
-	There was some moaning about lack of atmosphere at the gig in a review but I thought it was pretty good. The bright screens meant it was quite lit overall. Plenty of people getting into the groove.
-	There was no real encore, just after the applause Dave was teasing one more with his fingers so they stepped back and knocked out Tame. Then that was that, we were outside the venue around 10:30 so we went back to the pub
-	My incoming scepticism is now totally dissolved. I�d still rather they�d go off and sort out a new album but if you are mulling over whether to see this show I�d say do it!! It was total blast and more fun than the Dolittle show. And who knows maybe revisiting all these early songs with such attention to detail might fire them right up to make another speedy record and drop it masterpiece
Yes twice! And the first version was much shorter. For the second Joey took centre stage, (Frank actually sat down) and he did his thing plugging the guitar lead out and messing with it.
You�re the first one I�ve heard mention DTMR as one of the B-sides played. Love that song. Hope a video of it surfaces.
Manta Ray is on Facebook (posted in the Pixies and Frank Black group I think). Sounds great as usual.
Thanks! Feeling a lot better now, then again I am sitting at home drinking tea and watching Pixies video clips so I should be!
In the beginning I only included the entries from the xbox-scene forum thread that had a valid model number, or where the model number could be guessed. I have skipped a lot of WD 120GB and Maxtor drives because they didn't provide the model number.
2005-11-18: If you accidentally locked a drive with a wrong password or lost the matching Xbox eeprom to unlock the drive, there's now a new service online that will allow you (for a small fee) to force unlock the hard drive and return it back to normal state. Most of the hard drives from Maxtor, Western Digital, Seagate and Samsung is supported. If you you're serious about getting your data back or the drive working again, you should take a look AFF Repair Station.
2006-05-28: It's been a while since the last news update. Whenever I see a bug or error I update the codebase, and in the last month I've fixed some submission errors, edit auth faults and recently made the sorting and filtering system the way it should be. There is still a problem with invalid submissions in the database and I encourage you to report them so I can remove the entries. Thanks to those who've submitted to the database.
Search bar ANYAcerBarracudabarracudaBelkinDeskstardesktarDiamond (Maxtor Generic)diamondMaxExcelStorFujitsuhewlett packardHitachiIBMIDE FestplatteinitioiomegalimitedMagnetic Data Technologiesmana ku tauMaxtorMAXTORmaxtorMDTMediaMaxMicrosoftPackard BellPlatinumQuantumSamsungseagateSeagateSeagate TechnologiesSilverSonyToshibaTriGemU.S. LogicWD Caviarwd caviarWD Caviar BlueWestern Digitalwestern digitalWestern Digital GreenPower ANY1000042004500540056005700576059007200 ANY0 MB0.1 MB0.13 MB0.2 MB0.5 MB0.8 MB0000 MB02 MB08 MB1 MB16 MB2 MB2.0 MB2/0 MB3 MB32 MB4 MB5 MB5.2 MB64 MB8 MB80 MB ANYYesNo ANYv1.0v1.1v1.2v1.3v1.4v1.5v1.6v1.6b Show all
Use the search bar to make specific searches, i.e. show all Seagate disks that's 120 GB and has 8 MB cache.
Brand Select...AcerBarracudabarracudaBarracutaBelkinBuffalobuttoxcompaqConner TechDekstarDeskstardesktarDiamond (Maxtor Generic)diamondMaxExcelStorFujitsuhewlett packardHGSTHitachiIBMIDE FestplatteinitioiomegaLacielimitedMagnetic Data Technologiesmana ku tauMaxtorMAXTORmaxtorMDTmedalistMediaMaxMicrosoftPackard BellPlatinumquantaQuantumSamsungSanDiskSeagateseagateSeagate TechnologiessiemensSilverSonyspinpoinToshibaTriGemU.S. LogicWD Caviarwd caviarWD Caviar BlueWestern Digitalwestern digitalWestern Digital GreenPower
Sometimes there are two different sized listed on the drive, i.e 10.2 GB and 10 GB. The first is the actual data size, and the latter is the advertised size of the drive. Enter the advertised size.
Rotations per minute. Higher RPM normally equals to lower accesstime, but when used in the XBOX overheating can be a problem.
The firmware is a microprogram stored in the ROM on the hard drive, and tells the host operation system what the drive is capable of. If there are reported lots problems with a specific model, supplying the firmware may filter out any firmware specific problems.
You can find the firmware either printed on top of the drive, or use software to extract it, such as ATAPWD.
The manufacture date is printed on top of the drive, usually it's pretty easy to spot. Don't post date codes thats hard to figure out.
This indicates if the drive has "ATA Security Mode", or if you prefer the casual "Lockability". ConfigMagic, Evox, eepromer, unlockx, hdlock, are some of the programs able to lock or unlock a drive.
Evox: In the "Settings / Info" menu you can check just right above the drive space if your drive is locked.
Make sure the network adapter fits/aligns to the IDE interface. Here are the two possible situations:
I've seen reports that it's possible to modify the network adaptor but don't select 'Yes' if you have done such modification. Comment it instead.
If the hard drive is successfully installed and formatted on the PS2, and you are able to copy things to and from the hard drive, then I would consider that it works.
Note: Using HDD Tool on drives smaller than 40 GB usially report "invalid argument", try DMS HDD Format tool instead.
Version of the Xbox console used to test the drive. You can probe your Xbox's version here [xbox-scene].
You can check the "Show publicly" box if don't want show your e-mail address publicly on the drive's profile.
NOTE: I will never publish your e-mail address if you don't agree to do so, never give your e-mail address to other parties, or spam your e-mail address with junk.
Nota legal: Xcitingclub España es una organización sin ánimo de lucro. Kymco y el logotipo de kymco son marcas registradas de Kwang Yang Motor Company (KYMCO) utilizadas bajo permiso.
How to email a resume (with samples, dos & don'ts) it is better to name them in such a way that the employer can associate them with you after they download the . How to write a resume provide evidence writing style make sure the spelling is correct get at least two people to check and read your resume. How to write a masterpiece of a resume this award-winning guide to resume writing will teach you to write a resume equal to one done by a top-notch professional writer it offers examples, format choices, help writing the objective, the summary and other sections. How to write a resume: resume tips unsure about the best way to present your education on your resume here are some common scenarios and strategies. Learn how to write a resume, including the different types of resumes, examples, tips, what to include, what not to include, and how to format your resume.
Writing a resume that includes volunteer work get a resume that works as with any job on your resume, the best way to describe volunteer work is to relate it to . Because many employers now scan resumes with special software programs to determine the presence of certain keywords as a way of filtering them before a select few get passed along to an actual human being, you want to be sure that your resume contains all of the proper keywords for your industry, and the particular job for which you are applying. How to email a resume to get more job offers writing a great resume might not be enough you have to know how to send it check out a sample email to send with a resume, see great resume emailing hacks and get tips from hr pros learn the best strategy to send a resume email and start getting more interviews. Learn how to write a professional resume also, make certain that the bullet points are formatted the same way throughout for example, don't use circle bullet .
Since i am a professional writer, and have hired many to join my team(s), i’ll share the simplest ways to build your resume i’ll share the stuff you must do to get noticed here are 10 ways to build a resume like a professional resume writer (the do’s):. How do you spell resume (of course) but is it the, ahem, proper way (as in the raise you may get if you write a great resume and get a new job) [insert . Comprehensive article on how to make a resume included: format, fonts, layout, categories, verbs and more resume templates and examples included.
If your resume is cluttered, it's time to consider a two-page resume format 3 things to know about two-page resume format get started writing a resume. To help you do this, we’ve written easy-to-follow steps on how to write a resume before we get into the steps it should be noted that there is no certified way to write one there are some who insist otherwise, but even certified professional resume writers will admit that, “a guiding principle of the résumé writing profession is that . The two- (or more) page resume is a hotly debated topic, but the bottom line is this—you want the information here to be concise, and making yourself keep it to one page is a good way to force yourself to do this. How to properly name your resume naming the resume this way also helps others find it if you post it online can these 2 software programs help you write the . A well-crafted resume objective is one of the easiest ways to stand out from other job applicants how to write one (resume objective examples included).
Working with ladders resume-writing service and other top executives over the past 10 years, i have seen hundreds of resumes that have “my resumedoc” as the name that is not helpful for . How to include references on a resume format any additional references in a similar way write a resume for a nanny job. How to write a high school resume for college applications highlight things you weren’t able to write about in your college 5 ways college application .
How to format phone numbers what is the correct way to write phone numbers with extension on resumes thank you good luck with your resume lynn posted by: . This type of resume concentrates on a particular job opportunity the targeted resume is used to underline the aptitudes and experiences pertinent sharing with you, some valuable tips related to writing a targeted resume. Resume, resumé, or résumé i am now going to resume writing my résumé) it appears that all three ways are correct but i was glad to see that someone .
A good resume starts with a professional resume layout our professionally-written free resume samples provide great examples to customize and build a top-notch resume we’ve written and formatted our templates based on research and interviews with hr professionals to help ensure your resume focuses on what hiring managers care about.
When it comes to writing an effective resume that will get you a job interview, every detail is important there are many different ways to format and write a resume, but the most important aspect is that the resume is easy to read for the recipient and that the format stays consistent.
However, if your resume is not properly written, you might also stand out in the wrong way here are some tips to help you write a great resume and present yourself properly if you don’t understand what a resume is exactly, please read this post on what a resume is first. How to address an incomplete degree on your resume 0 is a great way to handle the incomplete degree scenario professional and executive resume writing . Read now as elite interview coach pamela skillings shares her secrets for making your resume standout from the crowd. How to do a resume on microsoft word online the correct way write on this website we recommend many images about correct way to write a resume that we have collected from various sites from many image inspiration, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of image for the correct way to write a resume .
The higher education blueprint, Higher Ambitions, sets out a course for how universities can remain world class, providing the nation with the high level skills needed to remain competitive, while continuing to attract the brightest students and researchers.
fengdong women usb backpack travel bags female small sling chest bag set external charging notebook bag girls school backpack
If you need to calculate the difference between two time values within a certain limit (e.g. when calculating elapsed work time), the worksheet function below can be useful since it makes it simple to perform the time interval calculation.
There has been published an interesting report "Characterization of phenotypic and functional Immune status of patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome" in German:
His Highness Dr. Prince Mario-Max Schaumburg-Lippe Son of HH Prince Waldemar Schaumburg-Lippe of Germany and HH Dr. Princess Antonia Schaumburg-Lippe #Royalty His Highness Dr. Prince Mario-Max Schaumburg-Lippe is an award-winning television host, author, recording artist, and actor. He is the host of the German television series “Astro Royal” on AstroTV, ...
His Royal Highness Prince Gharios El Chemor Heir to the Ghassanid Dynasty #Royalty His Royal Highness Prince Gharios El Chemor of Ghassan Al-Nu’Man VIII (nee. Ahnume Guerios, the Portuguese transliteration of “Al-Nu’Man Gharios”) was born in Brazil on September 29, 1973. He is the Sovereign Prince of the Arab Dynasty ...
Dan Vitale Cast Member, “Saturday Night Live” (1985 – 1986) Comedy Dan Vitale is an actor and comedian, best known for being a cast member during season 11 of “Saturday Night Live” (first episode: November 23, 1985, final episode: February 8, 1986). http://invocation.co/show/performer/dan-vitale Aptly titled Shefik presents Invocation, the nationally-syndicated ...
Chris Jasper Member, The Isley Brothers (1973-1983) and Member, Isley-Jasper-Isley (1984-1987) #Love Chris Jasper is a former member of The Isley Brothers and Isley-Jasper-Isley, and is responsible for writing and producing the majority of The Isley Brothers music and Isley-Jasper-Isley music. He is also an Inductee in the Rock and ...
Rickey “Slikk Muzik” Offord Multi-Platinum Producer #Love Rickey “Slikk Muzik” Offord is multi-platinum producer, who has worked with recording artists, such as Babyface, Ariana Grande, Chris Brown, Kirk Franklin, Jaime Foxx, Master P, Tank, and Ludacris. http://invocation.co/show/performer/rickey-slikk-muzik-offord Aptly titled Shefik presents Invocation, the nationally-syndicated terrestrial radio show is a mesmerizing ...
Trisco Pearson Member, Force M.D.’s #Acceptance Force M.D.’s is an American R&B vocal group that was formed in 1981 in Staten Island, New York. Later, Trisco Pearson joined the group. http://invocation.co/show/performer/trisco-pearson Aptly titled Shefik presents Invocation, the nationally-syndicated terrestrial radio show is a mesmerizing and thought-provoking journey through musical discovery ...
Trisco Pearson Member, Force M.D.’s #Love Force M.D.’s is an American R&B vocal group that was formed in 1981 in Staten Island, New York. Later, Trisco Pearson joined the group. http://invocation.co/show/performer/trisco-pearson Aptly titled Shefik presents Invocation, the nationally-syndicated terrestrial radio show is a mesmerizing and thought-provoking journey through musical discovery ...
Trisco Pearson Member, Force M.D.’s #Dreams Force M.D.’s is an American R&B vocal group that was formed in 1981 in Staten Island, New York. Later, Trisco Pearson joined the group. http://invocation.co/show/performer/trisco-pearson Aptly titled Shefik presents Invocation, the nationally-syndicated terrestrial radio show is a mesmerizing and thought-provoking journey through musical discovery ...
Siedah Garrett 2-Time Oscar Nominee and Grammy Award Winner #Music Siedah Garrett has written songs and performed backing vocals for Michael Jackson, Madonna, Quincy Jones, Donna Summer, Jennifer Hudson, and Tevin Campbell, among others. Garrett has been nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Original Song. Who got game? That’s the question on ...
His Royal Highness Prince Emanuele Filiberto Crown Prince of Italy and Grandson of Umberto II, the Last King of Italy #Happiness Emanuele Filiberto of Savoy, Prince of Venice is an Italian television personality, a member of the House of Savoy and the son and heir of Vittorio Emanuele, Prince of ...
Yolanda Franklin-Moore Fashion Designer and Owner, Xande Fadee #Happiness Yolanda Franklin-Moore is Fashion Designer and Owner of Xande Fadee, an innovative fashion and accessories line. Yolanda is a highly skilled fashion designer with a creative flare. She has over 20 years of experience in the fashion industry. http://invocation.co/show/performer/yolanda-franklin-moore Aptly titled
Tito Puente, Jr. Musician and Bandleader #Happiness Tito Puente, Jr. is a bandleader. He is the son of legendary mambo musician Tito Puente and the brother of local New York City meteorologist Audrey Puente. Puente, Jr. carries on his father’s legacy. http://invocation.co/show/performer/tito-puente-jr Aptly titled Shefik presents Invocation, the nationally-syndicated terrestrial ...
Melba Moore Tony Award Winner and 4-Time Grammy Award Nominee #Perseverance American R&B singer and actress Melba Moore is a 4-time Grammy nominee and the winner of the 1970 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Musical. http://invocation.co/show/performer/melba-moore Aptly titled Shefik presents Invocation, the nationally-syndicated terrestrial ...
Dr. Hassan Tetteh Physician and Surgeon #Perseverance Dr. Hassan Tetteh is a board-certified surgeon specializing in thoracic surgery, critical care, heart and lung transplantation, research and education. He is a member of the Washington Regional Transplant Community. http://invocation.co/show/performer/dr-hassan-tetteh Aptly titled Shefik presents Invocation, the nationally-syndicated terrestrial radio show is a ...
Adding A Kitchen Island To A Small Kitchen is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Beginning Kitchen Set With Dish Rack is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Gordon Ramsay Hells Kitchen Usa Watch Online is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Jessie S Little Kitchen Island Pond is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Kitchen Cabinet Handles Vancouver is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: http://swineflumaps.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/cheap-cabinet-door-large-size-of-kitchen-knobs-and-pulls-with-bathroom-ideas-12.jpg
Kitchen Faucet Mounting Plate Removal is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Maze Kitchen Table is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Patrick S Kitchen And Drinks Zionsville In is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Type Of Kitchen Flooring Apartment is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The dentist members of the Yosemite Dental Society have pledged to meet the standards of practice and ethics in addition to those required by law.
Well established PPO/FFS practice in Merced, CA. seeking a general dentist associate for 2 days/week initially. Can add additional days depending on compatibility with patients and the team. We see adults and children; focusing primarily on preventative and restorative dentistry. New graduates welcome. We are open Mon-Fri. Please include the days you are available when you submit your resume. Please send resume to Dr. Jasvinder S. Badwalz at jbadwalz@gmail.com.
Associate DENTIST for a growing family practice. If you would like to treat patients in a practice that emphasizes high quality dentistry and patient education you may be the person we are looking for. We are looking for a Part-Time or Full-time Associate to join our team of professionals. Please contact Adrianne at adrianne@elportaldentalgroup.com, phone 209-385-1479 or fax 209-723-7087.
If you are a member dentist with the Yosemite Dental Society and would like to post a job on our website, please contact us by phone (209)722-3576 or email to ydsmerced@yahoo.com.
The following data feeds are available in your wealth portal (PRO users only): 28 Degrees MasterCard (Australia) Adelaide Bank (Australia) – Banking Adelaide Bank (Australia) – Credit Card Adelaide Bank (Australia) – Mortgage Advanced Share Registry...
Note: Only the account owner will be able to add bank accounts with data feeds to their wealth portal, advisers and accountants will not be able to do so. Find out How to add a bank account with a manual balance....
Loans, super and portfolio accounts only refresh every 7 days. If you encounter bank accounts not updating, there can be a range of reasons for this occurring. If an account is not frequently accessed then bank accounts will stop updating after a month. Members can...
Yes. At times it can take longer than expected for accounts to link from the bank/institution. While processing is taking place you can continue to use your account or if you finish, log out and your accounts will be linked the next time you log in....
accountant adviser bank bank account bank accounts cashflow categories data feeds entities mycashflow myteam mywealth ownership preferences settings spouse team member transactions transfers wealth item
© myprosperity. All rights reserved | International patent pending | Security | Terms | Privacy | About us | Contact us
These forums are your way of communicating with the community of people developing and using tools provided by the OneAll platform. The forums are run by the community and moderated by the OneAll team during office hours.
Please stick to technical issues - and remember, no confidential information - these are public forums!
So I am having issues with getting Oneall to show up or even popup in any of my custom themes. I am running MyBB 1.8.x and I am not sure how to make oneall show. my site is onlytechnation.xyz
(My site is still under construction so if there is stuff that looks Latin or some other language ignore it. I haven't gotten around to editing it.
All Types All Ideas Proposed Under Consideration Planned In Progress Declined Completed All Problems Submitted Known Not A Problem Being Fixed Resolved All Questions Unanswered Answered All Announcements
3Replies 1Votes Does SliQ Invoicing work on Windows 10? Last reply by SliQTools Support - August 21, 2015 at 3:55 AMAnswered Question Support
0Replies 1Votes Control over window and column size Started by DPM - March 5, 2017 at 4:37 PMProposed Idea Feature Requests
1Replies 1Votes Displaying Recurring Invoices Along With Regular Invoices Last reply by SliQTools Support - July 2, 2017 at 11:28 AMUnder Consideration Idea Feature Requests
3Replies 1Votes Email problem Last reply by SliQTools Support - January 15, 2017 at 4:01 AMUnanswered Question Support
For faster and more reliable delivery, add support@sliqtools.co.uk to your trusted senders list in your email software.
This video shows how to set up a recurring invoice in SliQ Invoicing so that SliQ will automatically create an invoice for a customer on a specified schedule, e.g. once a month. Setting up recurring invoices in SliQ makes billing customers for payments by installment, e.g. for a car loan, quick and easy.
For more help on recurring invoices, see this topic in our online help file: http://www.sliqtools.co.uk/onlinehelp/recurring_invoices.htm
The following was taken from an original Facebook post. This article is not meant to offend anyone but the original out-formation was provided to show the social engineering surrounding the media events in the death of Kenneka Jenkins! I hope that this knowledge will help open minds and heart to prevent there being another such tragedy without consequences!
Selena is the Latinized form of Selene which means ‘moon’ in Greek; it is likely connected to the word “selas” (σέλας), meaning ‘brightness’. In Greek mythology, Selene was the goddess of the moon (in Roman Mythology, the moon goddess was called “Luna” which is the Latin word for moon).
early 17th century (originally denoting an object used by the peoples of West Africa as an amulet or charm): from French fétiche, from Portuguese feitiço ‘charm, sorcery’ (originally an adjective meaning ‘made by art’), from Latin factitius (see factitious).
a form of sexual desire in which gratification is linked to an abnormal degree to a particular object, item of clothing, part of the body, etc.
an inanimate object worshiped for its supposed magical powers or because it is considered to be inhabited by a spirit.
In Astrologial symbolism the freezer would be the winter months this is why Selene ends the video in Spring staring at the Sun/Son!
So this ritual had many undertones that we must all begin to see! Once we are mindfull/mine-FULL of these things it will be harder for them to continue with this Matrix!
The Keneka Jenkins “story” was clearly just that…a story. did the story include ritualistic symbols – yes. was it rife with occult meaning – yes. Dud it actually happen? In my opinion – absolutely not. The media could never get their part of this hoaxed theatrics right. The so called “family” was doing weird things like setting fake press conferences and just myriad activities that didn’t make sense at all. So we have here another false flag, fake, hoaxed “event” that definitely served the purpose of major distraction and conjuring up energy…the kind of energy that is tasty for those who like to consume it. Word to the wise, if it’s coming from mainstream media – dont give it your energy. We all know that the media is a machine owned by a couple wealth social engineers. So to expect anything truthful, positive or progressive is insane.
Supremo's stylish looking Cast collection uses materials associated with the traditional end of the market which will endure the test of time. Using established casting methods and fusing them to modern aluminium extrusions makes this beautiful collection suited to all climates.
From the bistro sets to the large 8 seat dining sets, this range caters for all intimate or large family occasions.
This traditional hand finished bronze colour is complemented with camel dot fabric and accessorised with a Riviera Taupe parasol. All of our cast tables and chairs benefit from adjustable feet to suit most unven surfaces. The chairs will stack for easy storage and all cushion covers are removable for ease of cleaning.
sup master instructor course from the Italian Federation for Amateur Paddling: October2016-June2017 » You should check out the ACA SUP program, as it sounds kinda similar...
Surf Expo 2016: Victory Koredry » Victory Koredry presented their new booth, and its new tagline 'catch the sun'...
See our AUP for our Acceptable Use Policy and a Privacy Statement. Verein Playak is responsible for all editorial content on this site (including all graphics). No part of this site may be duplicated in any way without explicit permission from Verein Playak. Verein Playak takes great care to only publish original content, but since part of the content is user generated, we cannot always guarantee this 100%. If you notice any copyright violations, please let the editors know through the contact form and they will take appropriate action immediately. As a news and information platform, we republish small text snippets and thumbnail images, but always link to original content on other sites, and thus aim to adhere to a 'Fair Use' policy. If you believe we violate this policy in any particular case, please contact us directly and we'll take appropriate action immediately.
Our analyzes have shown that an increased incidence (approximately 11%) of autoimmune thyroiditis (Hashimoto's thyroiditis) is present in CFS patients. In contrast, the incidence of autoimmune thyroiditis in the normal population of about 1.5 -2% (ref 60). This finding suggests involvement of autoimmune processes in the pathogenesis of CFS.
In addition, a frequency in the immunological diagnosis, immunoglobulin deficiency was observed in (31%). A total of 5% of patients had an IgA deficiency, 6% a selective IgG deficiency main classes, 10% of a selective IgG3 deficiency, 10% selective IgG4 deficiency.
Convertisseur de devises OANDA's currency calculator tools use OANDA Rates ™, the touchstone foreign exchange rates compiled from leading market data contributors Our rates are trusted and used by major corporations, tax authorities, auditing firms, and individuals around the world
View current agendas and minutes for all boards and commissions. Previous years' agendas and minutes can be found in the Document Center. Adobe Reader may be required to view some documents.
Attitude, Basics, Educational, Goal Setting, Health, Lifestyle, Mental Health, Motivation and Inspiration, Simple, Social, Uncategorized - Accomplish, Achieve, Book, EFTC, Ellipse, Ellipse Fitness, Ellipse Fitness Training Center, Empowerment, Focus, Goal, goal setting, Health, Image, inspiration, Mental Health, Motivation, Negative, Negative Image, Negativity, Podcast, Positive, Positivity, Prioritize, Read, self esteem, Self-Help, Smart, Think Big - June 15, 2018
This week we share some books that we think everyone should read or at least be aware of. Self-improvement books can inspire us to make better choices and enhance our lives. Whether you are humming along in life, going through a transition, or are just a continual learner, we challenge you to check out some, or all, of these books. Keep learning. We may not always have time to sit down and read a book. A few ways to keep learning, on the run with tools like these:
The Four agreements offer a code of conduct that can bring about a feeling of freedom and happiness: 1) Be impeccable with your word. 2) Don’t take anything personally. 3) Don’t make assumptions. 4) Always do your best.
After suffering burns on 100% of his body as a child, not to mention amputated fingers and more to boot, John O’ Leary learns that we might not be able to choose what life throws at us, but we can choose how we live our life. Get ready to be inspired!
You hear this often at Ellipse Fitness, “what is your WHY?” In order to achieve a goal, the WHY needs to be deeply personal and it needs be a driving force, or else this will probably be just another one of those goals we fall short of without ever really giving it an honest try. It’s not enough to say, “I want to lose weight.” The WHY might be, I want to be healthy so I can keep up with my grandkids or be there to take care of my spouse as we age! Almost as difficult as discovering your WHY in life is staying true to it and keeping it alive.
Think BIG! In this book Cardone discusses how to invest 10x more and reach 10x further. Success always requires more effort than we anticipate. Be obsessed with your goal. Find direction on how to shift your goals and focus to reach for more by working harder, building your commitment, and finingd inspiration to accomplish it!
Gary encourages you to prioritize your to-dos by importance, become disciplined in what you want by creating a habit of it, do NOT multitask, visualize the steps to get to your goal, and never compromise your personal life for your professional goals…instead prioritize your work time to perfection!
Negative programming prevents individuals from becoming and doing exactly what they want. Any amount of inspirational reading will only provide us with techniques that could work if put into practice. This book explains the principles of self-talk – a unique way of reversing negativity, optimizing outlook, focusing plans and achieving success. The key is in affirming, telling yourself the right things which then reflect in a more positive lifestyle. Sometimes it really can be that simple!
Stay tuned for this interview on Thursday regarding Ari’s major transformation after receiving her implant removal process…-A.M.
Because of Ari’s spiritual background and being “born awake”, her relationship with Ascended Masters, Ultra-terrestrials and the Host of Heaven, she thought she was impervious to implants. She quickly found out that she was wrong about that.
Listen to this candid interview, as Ari decides to become “transparent” to everyone. She discloses the implant removal that was done on her and the transformation that ensued as a consequence. She shares very personal and emotional information, in order to further help in “shattering” this matrix, giving everyone who listens the opportunity to realize that all of us have been compromised and that there is hope to turn things around.
The information shared and emotions felt are real and raw. The information shared is one that could be transformational and life-changing for many.
**It is our sincere desire that the information shared is not used to judge but to edify, and that the courage it took to become transparent is not in vain.
On the very few occasions I’m allowed out of Birmingham and to another country, I have this thing about visiting McDonald’s. It has been going on for years, ever since as a teenager, we were stuck driving through France for what felt like forever and the only place we could find food was McDonald’s. This was back when salads here weren’t a thing, but they were in McDonald’s in France. Earlier this year, in Singapore I went to McDonald’s to escape the heat at the Gardens by the Bay and discovered McDonald’s there did curly fries. When flying to see my sister in Australia, my stepdad told me he didn’t see any McDonald’s when he visited, so we counted them all reached over 30…and then took a selfie in one to prove it.
So when McDonald’s were like, hey wanna come hear about the new stuff we’re doing you can bet I was there. It might not be popular to admit amongst “foodies” but I respect McDonald’s; If you’ve ever been in one of their kitchens between the switch between breakfast and the main menu, you’ll know it’s a feat of choreographed engineering genius. And I have, multiple times because I worked in one for a couple of breaks at uni.
Things have changed quite a bit since then and I headed over to the Wigston branch to hear more. The first thing of note is that the interiors are continuing the theme of looking a lot less 80s plastic fantastic; there’s a choice of interiors these days, so it’s out with the identikit look and in with a more modern restaurant feel. There’s also recycling, which made me unreasonably happy – recycle kids, the planet is ace!
My favourite of the newer additions is the self-service machines, which means if you’re having one of those days when you just want the world to leave you alone and let you wallow in your chicken nuggets, you really don’t have to talk to anyone. I know, because I’ve totally done this in the McDonald’s on the ramp in town and it works. There’s also going to be table service, which personally feels a bit too much for me, but if you’re a parent trying to rein in a bunch of kids then this is going to make things a lot smoother. And if you’re lucky, some of them, like the Wigston branch, has a play area for kids – I’m not jealous at all.
We also got to have a look backstage at the kitchen process, which has also changed quite a bit. It used to be that burgers were made up in batches (and disposed of if they didn’t sell in a certain timeframe) but these days they’re made up as people order them, which makes customising your meal so much easier. The kitchens are laid out in such a way that it reduces the time required to make up a burger, and whilst we weren’t nearly as speedy as the staff, we all had a go – and ate the results.
As we sat down to enjoy the fruits of our labour, we got to quiz the staff about anything McDonald’s related that we liked. Of course, I asked a whole bunch of questions, thus proving myself to be a giant nerd, but it was great to hear about the extent that McDonald’s go to develop their staff (I finally got a badge with stars), their work with Ronald McDonald House Charities offering accommodation for families with children in hospital, and also get some sneak peaks at some of the new burgers coming out soon.
I’m looking forward to seeing the new-look McDonald’s roll out across Birmingham (Cherry St was closed up for refurb last time I looked, so fingers crossed), and I’m unreasonably excited about the prospect of home-delivery nuggets…
Disclaimer: This post is in collaboration with McDonald’s, but all rambling thoughts remain my own, as ever. By the way, the only country I’ve visited and not been to a McDonald’s in is Qatar, so if anyone fancies flying me back over…
Cities are great, they’re great because there is always something happening, a sort of slow hum, the soundtrack of living. And I like nothing more than to find somewhere to sit and appreciate this; I’d call it an abstract people watching if it didn’t sound so bloody pretentious. It is, for me, one of the many reasons I like going out for dinner, because you can watch the action of the staff moving like they’re in a choreographed dance between tables, the clinking of cutlery and glasses, and the people watching, oh that’s always the best bit. Everyone plays the guessing who’s on a first date game, right?
And way up high in the skies of Selfridges in the Bullring is The Balcony, not an inventive name, I’ll give you that, but it does give you an indication of where it is. I love that floor, because as my mum puts it I “have a thing for bags” and I like to covet them and daydream over a time I can justify buying a Mulberry Bayswater. It is, at times, a floor that feels a bit like a museum but the restaurant itself is neatly tucked away in a corner and stretches out into the belly of the Bullring – but the view is not intrusive, it just adds a bit more life whilst giving a relaxed vibe.
We start with a cocktail, because we’re on a floor of shoes and handbags and it’s probably the done thing here. The cocktail menu is compact, nine alcoholic and two without, and the theme seems to be British summer time – lots of berries, fruits alongside gin and fizz. The Goji Blush is made with organic goji berry liqueur, organic Virtuous vodka, lemon juice, honey, raspberries and Selfridges Prosecco; it’s a light, delicate drink, made well by the bartender and simple enough that most people should enjoy it.
I honestly worried that the menu at The Balcony would be miniature bites aimed at ‘ladies what lunch’ but don’t actually seem to be interested in eating. But thankfully they’re well thought out dishes that allow you to be as gluttonous or restrictive as you like. Mains are classic dishes: braised shoulder of lamb, fish and chips, salmon fish cakes and the like. There’s also a burger – we’ll get to that later though. For starters my friend Jo-ann had the pea and ham terrine, which she enjoyed but said would’ve preferred less pea and more ham, though not ungenerous with the meat. I had pesto gnocchi mainly because it has been a very long time since I’ve had it and I was surprised to see it on the menu, but it was a nice light version.
For mains, Jo-ann had the braised shoulder of lamb, fondant potato and butternut squash purée and unsurprisingly I went for the Lake District beef and Applewood cheese burger with fries. Jo’s lamb was a good-sized portion and she said the lamb had been cooked well, the butternut squash puree added a nice summery look to what could’ve been a more wintery dish. My burger was delicious, the smokey applewood cheese gave it a lovely flavour and the bun was toasted but still pliable…all in all a very decent burger and one I’d be happy to go back for. The miniature mayo and ketchup pots were a nice touch and the fries were of a good standard.
The Oreo cheesecake that Jo-ann had looked lovely, but also seemingly a little tough to crack through the base – I’m not sure if that’s a good or a bad thing. I went for the stick toffee pudding, another classic dish on the menu, which had a lovely caramel flavour and the toffee sauce had a perfect touch of saltiness to cut through the sugar. Delightful.
For a menu that I expected to be all a bit ‘ladies what lunch’ this was a surprise. Sure, you’re paying more because of the location and associated exclusivity, but the portions are a reasonable size and the menu is largely fairly classic, well-known dishes done well using nice ingredients. For those people who want to eat well but dislike the hectic crowds that can sometimes descend on the Bullring, the Balcony is a good place to seek refuge, if you don’t mind paying a little for it.
Disclaimer: I was invited down, or should that be up, to the Balcony for a complimentary meal. As ever views remain my own, because lying is too much effort to remember.
Recently I went cycling for the first time since I were a kid and I’m pretty sure the only reason I made it home was because we stopped for burgers before heading back. Thus reinforcing my idea that burgers are life. And if burgers are life, then beer is burger’s natural life partner.
So when Byron were like, come check out our new craft beer menu and tell us how you’d pair the burgers, I was all over this. Anyone that followed my Melbourne food adventures will know that I have a soft spot for bacon cheeseburgers, and BBQ sauce is my favourite of the sauces (although garlic mayo comes a close second). So naturally I was going to go for their Smoky burger: mature cheddar, streaky bacon, crispy onions, lettuce, pickles and smoked chilli BBQ sauce. Now, that’s a lot going on in that burger, so I wanted a beer that wasn’t going to weigh me down, partly because I was going to the cinema after, but also because the rain outside was biblical and if Birmingham was going to end up undersea I wanted to stand a fighting chance of floating.
I’ve been in to Byron before and even then it was pretty obvious then that they understood the bond of beer and burgers, as they’ve been collaborating with Camden Town Brewery since 2010 to produce their Byron Lager and Byron Pale Ale. But Byron’s craft beer menu surprised me; the new craft beer menu is, in my mind, unashamedly pitched at beers that will compliment burgers, rather than being an extensive beer menu covering all styles. And that’s a wise move; I got surprised with a super sour beer and burger accidental pairing in Oz and it just made me sad because it didn’t work at all.
The beers are typically lagers, pale ales and IPAs and aiming for something middling will keep most people happy, particularly given the range of brewers. I was pleased to see a couple of Beavertown’s beers on the list, as well as the, now fairly standard, Brewdog offerings and the Bristolian Moor Revival. Whilst most of these are fairly commonplace names amongst the craft beer lot, there is also Peroni for people who want a name they know. Birmingham’s branch has five taps, two are reserved for Camden Hells and Byron Pale, and the others are given over to guest beers – Magic Rock’s Hire Wire, which I have a total soft spot for, was on when I was there. They’re all good burger beers, which is essentially what I want from a burger joint.
So, to go with the Smoky burger, I went for Beaverton’s Neck Oil. I really like Neck Oil, it’s a beer I’ll often pick if I see it on the menu because it’s juicy, crisp and not too heavy. The guys at Beaverton call it a Session IPA, meaning that if you’re ‘On it’ this is a good one to go for because it’s not heavy and filling, and has a relatively low ABV…so you know, you can drink responsibly folks. I like it for all those reasons, but because it’s light and not too heavy or gassy, it works really well with something filling like a burger, and the juiciness of it makes it really refreshing against the Smoky’s smoked chilli BBQ sauce, which has a really nice kick to it. The flavours of the beer and burger don’t wrestle, but compliment each other. Individually the Smoky burger and Neck Oil beer are good, together they’re a great pair. And in the interests of science, my friend Rob (who writes wonderfully, but mainly about SCFC) had the Smoky with the Byron Lager and this worked well too. That’s the benefit to Byron’s new craft beer menu, it’s a sort of mix and match approach with their burgers which means you shouldn’t get a bad result.
Disclaimer: This post was in collaboration with Byron, but seriously how difficult do you think it was for me to write about beer and burgers? And we all know how serious I am about burgers, all my own overthought views, as per.
My first Byron experience was in 2013 on one of my many trips to London, which I claimed was about seeing friends, but was really about going to go eat burgers. So, shame on Byron for taking this long to get to Birmingham. Salisbury has one and it only has a population of 45,000; York, Harrogate, Exeter and Camberley all have ones. Manchester’s got three Byron’s…but, you know, no Michelin stars, so we’re clearly still winning in that respect. I can only imagine that with a Birmingham-born burger chain already here, they figured they’d come back to us later.
So what of the Birmingham one? Located on New Street, the fact that it means that lovely old building is no longer some sort of gambling-machine arcade is major plus points. Inside the space is well used; there’s an open kitchen it doesn’t feel forced into being the centre of attention and there’s enough interior design that it doesn’t feel like a canteen. Apparently they’ve gone for a Cuban-inspired ‘Havana Good Time’; I’ve no idea quite what that is supposed to mean but the warm, tropical colours are used well. The exposed brickwork and relics of the old cinema knocking about if you know where to look too. It feels like a nice space to be in, warm and inviting, not too gimmicky.
Food wise it’s all about the burgers. Okay sure there are some wings and chicken nuggets and things for starters, but this about the burger. It’s a simple menu, with a regularly-changing special, but there’s enough to keep you interested and back to try different things. And my mum will be pleased because they already specify that you can order a burger without the bun, or a salad if you really must.
I’m re-evaluating my friendship with Jo-ann after she ordered the Smoky burger and swapped the smoked chilli BBQ sauce for Byron sauce…because seriously, BBQ sauce. She did say it was really good although did feel there might’ve been a bit too many crispy onions, but I think that’s just because for once I wasn’t the one who made the biggest mess.
I had the Byron burger because I’d hope that if you’re going to put your name on something it should be good; dry-cure bacon, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, onion and Byron sauce, cooked medium in what they call a squishy bun, with a pickle on the side and then I added some fries. The fries managed to survive being left to go a bit cold as I took photos and didn’t seem to suffer, still holding a crunch. I liked the burger, it is simple but a nice mix of flavours and was cooked medium as standard, which makes me happy. But, I wasn’t blown away by it, and maybe that’s my fault for ordering what’s akin to the house burger. And I’ve been spoiled for burgers.
Drinks wise, there’s something for everyone with milkshakes and soft drinks, as well as beers, wines and cider. They have a couple of own-brand beers, made specially for them by Camden Town brewery, and I thought I ordered a Byron pale ale, but I’m pretty sure what arrived was a lager. I didn’t mention it to the staff because it was actually quite drinkable, even though I don’t often choose lager, which I think is a positive sign.
I’ve warmed to Byron since 2013, largely because I stopped expecting them to be the best burgers in town. Instead, I realised that what they do well is providing somewhere you can go for dinner, that does simple burgers, but feels like going for dinner. Over the years I’ve had some amazing burgers, but they’ve nearly all been in places where it’s all about the burger, and less about the experience. Byron is where I could meet non-food-obsessed friends for dinner and a catch up and not be disappointed, but I doubt I’d convince them to trek to a sketchy part of town, queue for ages and then try and balance a beer and burger, no matter how out-of-this-world that burger is. Byron is about satisfyingly simple comfort food that’s burger-shaped, and I think there’s room for that in Birmingham.
I think I’ve pretty firmly nailed my colours to the mast when it comes to how much I think Original Patty Men are absolutely flipping amazing. So if you want a review you’re better off reading the previous post about them because this is pretty much just an excuse for burger porn. But as I’d spent the day in Digbeth attempting to take photos of things that aren’t food (in short, I failed), I figured it would be rude not to go to OPM and as I had my camera with me anyway I figured I might as well take a photo and share it.
So yeah, I stumbled down to Shaw’s Passage ready to eat all the food. And thankfully I’d arrived just in time as there were only ten burgers left in the venue and, for a Sunday evening, there were a decent number of equally committed-to-the-burger-cause diners. I ordered a Big Vern’s Krispy Ring donut, and yes your eyes are not deceiving you that is a burger nestled between a Krispy Kreme donut. The salt from the bacon, the creaminess of the cheese and the sugar from the donut make this everything you could ever want in a burger.
So, Original Patty Men, have you been yet? And more importantly, have you tried the Big Vern’s flavoured beer by Siren Craft Brew that I keep hearing about but get too distracted by burgers to ask if there is any on tap.
Sunday 16th December 2012 was when I had my first Krispy Kreme burger from Original Patty Men. Ever since, I’ve been hoping and wishing that they would open somewhere permanent, a nice little slice of our own burger paradise in Birmingham – because I’ve had enough with feigning excuses to go to London (really for burgers) or being forced to queue for hours. Finally my prayers have been answered; Original Patty Men have managed to add one more to the long list of new Birmingham venues in 2015. It may well be the most exciting yet.
Earlier today I headed down to a preview of the new Original Patty Men and Siren Craft Brew venture. Siren Craft and OPM have been teaming up for a few years now, and it’s easy to see why – beer and burgers are a classic pairing. And Siren Craft share the same enthusiasm for their product as the OPM guys do – in fact they’re brewing up a special beer which takes inspiration from OPM’s Big Vern’s Krispy Ring burger, in that it involves actual donuts. Yeah, you heard right. It’s an exciting collaboration generally, Siren Craft Brew have been making more of an appearance in the city and it’s great to see them have an established base, further cementing the idea of Birmingham as a craft beer haven.
Located in a railway arch on Shaw’s Passage, it’s the sort of perfect place that marries accessibility and authenticity. If you’ve never heard of Shaw’s Passage, and frankly there’s not much reason to, it’s just the other side of the railway arches to the Selfridges Moor St car park. Unlike most other cities who’ve gentrified their railway arches, it’s a largely forgotten about place, near an adult cinema and next to a car garage and gaming centre, the Warehouse Cafe is probably it’s most well known neighbour.
The look of the place is distinctly industrial. This is a look that Birmingham is becoming all too familiar with, but between the location and the idea of bringing street food vendors indoors, it works. Exposed brickwork, untreated wood and huge sheets of metal which will rust over to give a great aesthetic, it echoes OPM’s previous unfussy incarnation, where diners are used to no airs and graces, just good grub. The venue seats 33 people, but there’s also the option for take out and possible plans for outdoor seating – burger picnics, anyone?
At the moment there are four taps for Siren Craft Brew, the final menu yet to be confirmed, although I’m looking forward to trying that special donut beer, which is likely to make an appearance soon. And whilst beer is a focal point, it’s not the only thing on the menu. For those that want something else there are other options, canned beers, spirits and soft drinks from indie retailers (the ginger ale is lovely).
The food menu is short, simple and to the point – burgers, fries and sides. There are five burgers, one of which is vegetarian, served in fresh yoghurt & buttermilk buns unless specified – the Big Vern’s Krispy Ring still comes in a Krispy Kreme donut (pretty sure there’d be a riot if it didn’t). One of the benefits to no longer being just street food vendors means the option of sides are available; three types of fries and two sides – slaw and slow cooked beans…and you know, chairs to sit on.
For the preview we were given the cheeseburger and Darron’s Fancy burgers to try and I can attest to them being the usual high quality we’ve all come to know and expect from Original Patty Men. Oh good lord, I love their burgers. The fries are equally good and don’t feel like an after thought. The ODB fries, with OPM spice mix, Sriracha mayo, crisp friend onions and fresh spring onion look as good as they taste.
I’ve made many jokes about the opening of this venue being like an early Christmas present to the city and I feared that just like advent being better than the reality of Christmas day, this might be a bit of a let down. I have unashamedly been a big fan of Original Patty Men since that burger back in December 2012 and this has been my most hotly anticipated venue of the year. It didn’t disappoint, it was just what I hoped it would be (well I’d also like to be able to book, but you can’t have everything). It’s great to see a local street food venue take the plunge, branch out to their own space and team up with a well respected brewery, in an interesting part of town. For all the places that have opened in the city this year, this, along with a few others, makes me feel like maybe the city is starting to believe in itself.
The venue opens this Friday and will be open from Thursday through to Sunday thereafter. Keep up to date via www.twitter.com/originalpattym
Disclosure: I was invited to a media preview and the food and drinks were provided complimentary, but that didn’t mean I had to be. Plus OPM had three years of my hopes to match, which was never going to be easy. Go, please, just save me a seat.
I love a good pun, so the final (for Birmingham, at least) UK Burger Battle being called JudgeMEAT Day was pretty clever. I’ve written about a few of the Burger Battles before (three times in fact – January, May and June) so you probably know the drill by now – a ticket gets you two burgers, one from each stall, and a voting slip to pick the winner.
This time round the competitors were Hereford’s The Beefy Boys and What’s Your Beef from Manchester. The Beefy Boys have been at the UK Burger Battle before so I knew to expect something good. This time round they brought us the The Chipotle Boy; a third of a pound dry-aged Hereford beef patty with maple-cured bacon, homemade chipotle mayo, Swiss & American cheese, lettuce, onion and gherkins all served in a semi-brioche bun. I’m not entirely sure how a semi-brioche bun works, but maybe that’s what the sesame seeds were about. It was a good burger; the bacon had a good bite to it, a nice flavour from the cheese, oh and I asked them to leave off the onions so they gave me extra pickles – bonus points, surely.
Can we stop a minute to appreciate the wrapping the What’s Your Beef burger came encased in…it looks like a shell! It confused a few people on how to open it for maximum effect, but I thought it was relatively easy – plus it meant it saved me from having burger sauce drip down my arm. It also meant that I got to eat all those little bits of burger that usually escape. Good work, What’s Your Beef.
Their burger was the The Stateside Deluxe; a freshly made dry-aged patty from grass fed cattle, home dry-cured streaky bacon, mature cheddar, fried onions, Dutch pickles, lettuce, beef tomato, ketchup and mustard served in a toasted brioche bun. Personally I found the ketchup a little much, it sort of distracted from the other flavours and made the burger feel a bit ordinary. I don’t think I’d realised that most of the street food burgers have forgone ketchup, but this was a reminder of why – it overpowers the rest of the ingredients.
To me the clear winner was The Beefy Boys and their The Chipotle Boy burger. The ketchup of the What’s Your Beef burger just overpowered it too much to be able to really tell what the rest of the burger. I don’t know what the semi-brioche bun was about, but I liked that it had more structure that the alternative burger. The judges on the evening and the public vote also went to The Beefy Boys, so it wasn’t just me!
Sadly, there are no more UK Burger Battles planned, and this was the last one in Birmingham. However that’s not to say that there won’t be others elsewhere, there has already been one in Leicester so it’s always worth keeping an eye on https://twitter.com/ukburgerbattle
Disclosure: I paid for my own ticket to the burger battle. But I wouldn’t be overly positive about a burger that didn’t warrant it, because burgers are important.
Full to the Brum is a giant excuse for Laura to take photos of her dinner and write about it. It’s a blog dedicated to her food and drink adventures, particularly ones found in and around Birmingham. But the site also includes news; restaurant, bar and product reviews; and the odd recipe here and there.
Categories Select Category Drinks Guest Posts Musings As featured in As seen in Round ups News Cafe News Competition Events Food and Restaurant News Pop Ups and Streetfood Pub and Drinks News Recipes Cake Cocktail Dessert Meat Vegan Reviews Afternoon tea Bar reviews Breakfast and brunch Cafe reviews Deli Masterclasses Pop-up and Event reviews Product reviews Pub grub Restaurant reviews Stalls Take away Travelling
Full to the Brum likes cookies - the internet ones and the biscuit ones... find out more about the internet ones
We proudly provide quality eye care to the community of Chickasha, OK 73018 and surrounding areas. Our featured services are Lasik, FREE Infant Eye Exams, Eye Glasses, Retinal Photography, and much more.
Insured Persons who cease to be in insurable employment on account of permanent physical disablement due to employment injury or those who leave the insurable employment on attaining the age of superannuation, or retires under voluntary retirement scheme, or takes premature retirement are eligible to receive medical benefit for themselves and their spouses. The benefit is provided on payment of contribution in lump sum for one year at the rate of Rs. 10 per month in advance.
Superannuated or disabled insured worker will be entitled to the same scale of Medical Benefit and to the same package of medical facilities that is admissible to an Insured Person and spouse.
For easy accessibility to old age medical care, powers have been delegated to the field officers of the Corporation at the operational level including Branch Managers etc. for deciding the title of the insured persons and their spouses for eligibility of medical facilities on this scheme.
The number of researchers in developing countries grew from 1.8 million to 2.7 million in the short span of five years (2002-2007), according to a new data release from the UIS. This jump equates to a 45% increase in numbers and an 8.1% increase in the global share of researchers (from 30.3% to 38.4%). In developed countries, the number of researchers increased by only 8.6% to 4.4 million during the same period.
Research and development (R&D) investment has also intensified in developing countries. A 1% R&D intensity level (i.e. national R&D expenditure as a percentage of the gross domestic product) is the typical benchmark used by policymakers. Developing countries reported a substantial increase in R&D intensity from 0.8% in 2002 to 1.0% in 2007. Results should be interpreted with caution, however, as the averages hide wide variation among countries. China, for example, heavily influenced these results with an increase from 1.1% in 2002 to 1.5% in 2007. Only six other countries in this grouping reported R&D intensities of 1% or more, indicating that many countries still have significant gains to make in their R&D efforts.
The information was collected through the third UIS survey on statistics of science and technology (S&T), which focuses on human resources devoted to R&D and R&D expenditure. The UIS S&T survey was carried out in 2008 in 149 developing countries and territories. Full results of the survey can be accessed at the UIS Data Centre.
Governments have swiftly embraced automated decisions about policing and criminal justice despite very little evidence that these tools are fair or accurate. We will survey the various stakeholders investing in, using, and subject to these tools, as well as the types of decisions that are being automated, and examine how these tools are created. The discussion will then move to the training data that these tools are built on, how human bias gets baked into the automation, and how competing stakeholdersâ definitions of fairness struggle to define success.
dining table that converts to ping pong top for room turn into how your a,how to turn your dining room table into a ping pong innovative pool family over top for,ping pong table dining room turn into converts to pull a gadget flow,dining room ping pong table photo on captivating glass turn into how to your a,crossover indoor outdoor blue table tennis ping pong dining room converts to over,ping pong table over dining room converts to sets,ping pong table top for dining room amazing sale basement transitional with home sets,ping pong table dining room top for contemporary atelier turn into,ping pong table dining room turn your into sets outdoor if its hip here modern concrete,captivating design week a steampunk ping pong table more dining room converts to how turn your into.
Tracey and her two guests sit down at Alice’s Tea Room to discuss how Disney portrays women in its animated features, with a slant towards those who are not the typical princess-type.
After the panel discussion, we continue our Holidays Around the World Throughout the Year with a visit to Epcot’s Italy pavilion. Well have a visit from La Befana is Italy’s good Christmas witch!
This entry was posted in Holidays Around the World and tagged Holidays Around the World, Special Guest. Bookmark the permalink.
Fine Merino Wool Wraps, Scarves, Shirts and Tops - Hand painted by Ditchfield Designs Shirts for Women and Men Turquoise and Purple
garage shoe storage garage shoe organizer garage shoe organizer shoe storage in garage garage shoe storage ideas new home garage shoe organizer closet shoe storage garage shoe storage solutions.
garage shoe storage amazon bench shoes racks full size of ideas in conjunction plans,ideas to get your garages shoe pile under control garage storage amazon magis system bench diy,garage shoe storage amazon bench rack organizer for,garage shoe storage ideas creative pinterest rack plans,garage shoe storage bench ideas large and beautiful photos photo to plans solutions,custom storage cabinet garage shoe bench solutions diy,garage shoes rack shoe storage cabinet racks ikea solutions amazon,garage shoe storage rack bench ikea plans,garage shoe storage bench diy plans ideas photo 2 door repair thousand oaks ca,pinterest garage shoe storage cabinet rack in solutions plans.
Only depending on how you define toilet. I just watched Bob Le Flambeur the other night, made five years before Psycho, and there is a bathroom scene that definitely shows what appears to be a bidet.
Ive got a mate called Norman and, whatever he is doing, up at the bar, about to play a golf shot, I am forever ribbing him with the rather annoying line in a croaky old lady voice...
Funny but staged. Cats understand TV images as flat 2D lights and rarely respond to movement on them as we might. They're not so easily fooled.
You haven’t met our Orlando, who likes nothing more than to bat his paws at the ball during a football match on the telly. And that’s in 2D. We tried with 3D broadcasts but he wouldn’t keep the glasses on.
We’re a bitchin’ neighborhood dive underneath an apartment building. We have no sign other than the neons in the windows, so you may not know you are here until you ask. When there’s not a Blazers or a Timbers game on, we are playing our Rock/Punk/Hip-hop/Soul-filled jukebox or our satellite radio. We are great for parties/groups, and PLEASE feel free to call and give us a heads up: (503) 234-8991.
I'm curious in particular as to what the approach would be, in light of hormesis, towards the management of depression. Depression seems to result from a mess of negative thinking patterns, as well as an extreme sensitivity to any and every negative event, and an extraordinary propensity to take everything the wrong way. We all experience negative events and feelings, and in fact, we all get depressive feelings at times, when we fail to reach our goals, when we see ourselves get older without having realized our dreams, when bad things happen to us, etc. It seems to me that the difference between a healthy mind and a depressed one is that the depressed one never gots over it.
So my reasoning is that to a certain extent, depression could be considered a type of fragility. And that basically, such people "just" need to touchen up. Now, I know that that is a gross over-simplification of a complex and poorly understood problem. I also know that no all depressed people are depressed in at all the same way, so perhaps my reasoning doesn't make sense for all, but it seems to make some sense for the depressed person I happen to be closest to, namely, my wife.
One example of what I mean would be exercice. Exercice is often reputed to help with depression, and yet, exercice is exactly what a depressed person feels like least. Could it be that forcing yourself to struggle through something hard physically helps emotionnaly as well?
To get to the point, I'm wondering if you have any ideas of ways in which a person could deliberately train themselves to "toughen up" their emotional state, so that they aren't blown off course every time the slightest issue arises? Taking my wife as an example, it seems clear that there are times when she is emotionally stronger, and times when she is weaker. When she is weak, it takes less than nothing to get her down, whereas when she is stronger, things that normally would have had her upset for days will be brushed off like nothing. Basically, I'm wondering what she can do to increase her emotional strength and resilliance so that she can be that way a greater part of the time.
Studies have shown that anti-depressant drugs (e.g., prozac) works just as well as placebos (i.e., not better, not less). Despite that, countless doctors still refuse to believe the validity of such studies.
There were some testimonies that certain depression arises from a faulty diet, and that adopting a raw diet was one of the effective means to reverse depression symptoms for some people. I can't verify that, but food for thought still.
Depression can be treated more intelligently. There are some Cognitive Behavioral Therapy(CRT) out there exhibiting a bit of success. What you think about can indeed induce a physiological response.
The link between exercise and depression is pretty solid in the mainstream by now. Exercise raises the levels of serotonin and endorphin, leading to a happier mood and greater sense of well-being.
In terms of "toughen up" one's mental fragility, I can only speculate that hormetic stress might lead to what I call a "rage response." This is what one feels when they are outside in a freezing and windy weather, or when they are in a hurry and have to accomplish great feat in a relatively short timeframe. Incidentally, the so-called "rage to master" is an attributed frequently found in prodigies. Part of hormetism, in my mind, is to be constantly under that frame of mind.
Putting hormesis to work to counter depression sounds to me like a great idea. If your wife is willing to experiment, you might be able to be of great service to her. Here are some thoughts on how you might go about it. I'm no expert; I'm just speculating and hoping this will lead to something fruitful.
I don't think this is right: "Depression seems to result from a mess of negative thinking patterns, as well as an extreme sensitivity to any and every negative event, and an extraordinary propensity to take everything the wrong way." Rather, depression is those things, and results from other things, which are not well-understood. Or better still, depression is a state where your emotional "set point" is set very low. Really, "depression" is a pretty vague term. The feedback loops that are active during depression probably include a lot more than just thought patterns and sensitivity that maintain a feeling of hopelessness. Depression also commonly involves changes in sleep patterns and in appetite. For example, when some people are depressed, they sleep a lot more than normal; others sleep less. Often when people are depressed, their appetite reduces and focuses mainly on starch, and they gain weight if try to eat their usual diet.
That all suggests that depression is a disorder of many simultaneous feedback loops in the body and brain (a "regulatory disorder"), mutually reinforcing each other and keeping the whole person in a bad "basin of attraction". Or rather, "depression" probably covers a variety of different kinds of bad, mutually reinforcing feedback loops. And that, of course, suggests that hormesis probably has something to offer.
So, one course of action you and your wife could start off with is to look for non-mental correlates of her depressions. Do they tend to happen at certain times of the year? Do her sleep patterns change? Does she crave a certain kind of food?
I've heard that people living at arctic latitudes often get depressed during the *summer*, when the days are extremely long, because their circadian rhythms stop getting entrained by the Sun. (They don't see enough "dark" to trigger the rest cycle, so they start tuning out "light" and don't get triggered for activity, and it spirals out of control.) For some people, the main trigger for depression is the high *rate of change* of the length of the day around the Spring and Fall equinoxes. If you find a correlation with time of year or sleep schedule, that suggests that a simple cure is to help stabilize your wife's sleep schedule, especially during prone times of the year. "Light therapy" has been helpful for some, and has received some serious research. What time you eat as well as what time you wake can also have a lot of effect on circadian rhythms. Basically, the trick here is to knock the system out of a bad attractor basin and into a good one, so your wife's whole body tends to keep her in her normal state. Sometimes, just staying up all night can knock someone out of a depression.
if your wife craves a certain food while depressed, that food might itself be the cause of the depression—especially if the food seems to bring some relief. Again, this would be a case of a bad attractor basin, where feeling bad, craving the food, and eating the food are themselves part of the self-stabilizing feedback loop. A simple experiment to try is to cut that food out for a month. If the food is part of the bad feedback loop, she should feel *worse* for the first few days and then come out of it.
Actually, something I like about hormesis is that it doesn't require you to figure out causal connections in much detail. That's usually not feasible, and even when people figure out key links in the causal chain, those usually just lead people to target a single key link, and thereby set up a new, bad feedback loop where the treatment is itself part of the loop (like craved foods, above).
Paradox psychology is a way to get the system to add a self-correcting feedback loop of its own. The technique is: do the bad symptoms (depressive thoughts, etc.) deliberately. For example, during a depression, *decide* to come up with reasons why your situation is hopeless, to favor negative interpretations of ambiguous events, to feel helpless, etc. Another approach is to schedule the bad thoughts and emotions. For example, you decide that at 8:00 p.m. on Tuesday, you're going to see only negative outcomes for every possible action you're considering in some important part of life. I believe it's supposed to work best if you schedule the depression at a time when you expect it to happen on its own.
After each time doing one of these deliberate depressions, your wife reports whether she succeeded or not. It's a "win/win" situation, since if she "fails", then she's succeeded in overcoming the depression, and if she "succeeds", then she's succeeded in taking control of it.
This is the opposite of the usual "will yourself out of it" advice, which I think is pretty well known not to work. Using willpower directly against your own mood just reinforces whatever feedback loop is producing the mood (which, BTW, can be handy if the mood is positive). Deliberately engaging in the mood sets up whatever additional feedback loops are needed to give the conscious mind control over it. What's actually going on in the brain is probably way too complex to consciously understand or control directly. "Will yourself out of it" puts the entire burden on the existing ability to control mood; "do the unwanted thing deliberately" provides a way for that ability to gradually grow.
I've heard some people report success with merely *monitoring* their mood and making no attempt to oppose it, increase it, schedule it, or anything. For some people, this might be enough to trigger a self-correcting feedback loop.
Naturally, whichever approach your wife tries, it has to be done enough times, over a long-enough period, that there is a real opportunity to get past the initial weirdness and see second-order effects (positive effects that are triggered by the weird/negative first-order effects which you can induce directly). Logging each "treatment" and how things went is probably crucial.
Incidentally, the so-called "rage to master" is an attributed frequently found in prodigies. Part of hormetism, in my mind, is to be constantly under that frame of mind.
What a great insight! I hadn't heard of "rage to master", so I just googled it. Indeed the things I've enjoyed the most and been most successful at were those I had a "rage to master". I would practice the new skill relentlessly, and every odd bit of life would somehow get checked subconsciously to see if it had something to offer for the skill. For example, when learning to program, I saw every mundane thing as an illustration of principles of search, or interfaces between "objects", etc., and then try to put that principle to work in a program. In that state of mind, I was actually in no hurry to get the skill even though it was building very fast. I was focused entirely on the practice, and good results of all sorts came along as happy side-effects.
A "rage response" is probably the opposite of what I suggested in the previous message as a way to help depression, though. The hurry-up, "beat this mood right now" mindset doesn't seem to help depression. Well, I think one kind of rage response does often stop a depression: a stressful life event that requires immediate response. That knocks the person out of their "mood loop". I think they tend to fall back into depression when it's over, though, suggesting that no hormesis is occurring.
I have seen with my eyes that only after a well known person to me was hospitalized and took anti-depressant and anti-psychotic drugs that he gained his health back. He was in great danger. Herbal pills and other supplements did too little to him and I gave them only until he was convinced to see a psychiatrist.
Sort by: Username Sort by: Registration date Sort by: Last visit Sort by: Post count Sort by: Thread count Sort by: Members referred
Hey there doing a little bit of modding to my super black eagle 2. Curious for some reviews on the Trulock predator, kicks howler, and Indian creek predator. I already own a Carlsons dc and a patternmaster extended range that shoots lights out with steel bb and hevishot b. Loads I have right now are rem 3 4b, Winchester 3 1/2 4b, hornady lead bb, and Winchester bb with the resin filled shot cup, hevi b, and dead coyote t.Probly wind up just loading my own medicine because buckshot is being hit or miss as far as being available right now. Anyways Just looking for reviews of above loads and chokes as well as any choke load combos that have worked well with sbe2.
An I haven't but a lot of them . I've always used a shotgun . An there is even some new loads I've tryed . But the one that never failed me was . 3"mag number 4 buck . Man that's 41 good size pellets going down range with a full choke . Hope this helps
If you are going to reload coyote loads, BPI has lead BBB shot and lead T shot that out perform lead BB shot by quite a bit and both of these shot sizes give you quite a few more pellets than 3" number 4 buck loads.
If you want to spend more money for better performance get 10 pounds of HW13 BB shot from Bucks Run Sports Supply. HW13 shot is denser than lead and much harder than lead and out penetrates lead shot by quite a bit.
Sound Reports Having a lot of success with a particular sound? Post in here to share what sounds are hot and which ones are not! Also, a great place to share some of your favorite FOXPRO Foxcast sequences!
My brother and I went out at daylight,had at least a 20 mile per hour wind but on 2nd stand my brother killed a male coyote with shotgun. He came in at 21 minute mark and I was using the kitten distress call.Next stand using same call one came in at 20 minute mark.He came in to about 70 yard and abruptly turned around and ran back the way he came from.I threw a shot at him with mini-14 but he was in brush and shot was rushed as he was disappearing fast. Wind had changed direction and believe he may have winded us. Two coyote coming in out of 3 stands is pretty good for Ohio. Love that kitten in distress sound.
We have found kitten distress to be a good sound when hunting wooded areas near subdivisions or rural homes.
some hunters play sound non stop and some give it a break. Personal choice and find out what works best for you and stick with it.
Halloween is just around the corner and I’ve got a list of great events the whole family can enjoy this year. It’s time to break out those costumes and get ready for some super spooky fun.
Pioneer Elementary School Fall Fest will feature arts, crafts and games for your little goblins and ghouls to enjoy. Stop by October 28 from 5-8pm at 2010 Shady Willow Lane in Brentwood.
Shadow Lakes Event Center pancake breakfast is an all you can eat pancake and pumpkin extravaganza. Come wearing your costume and enjoy breakfast, games and crafts on October 29. There will be seating at 8:30am and another at 10am with advance tickets at $8 and $10 at the door.
The Halloween Street Festival will be held on October 29 from 11am to 3pm at The Streets of Brentwood, 2565 Sand Creek Road.Activities will include a pumpkin carving contest, trick or treating and even a parade for children dressed in their best costumes! Admission is free and you can even bring a pet to participate in the pet costume contest. Pet costume contest registration is $20 and all proceeds from the contest will benefit the Contra Costa Humane Society.
If you would like more information on upcoming events in the Contra Costa area visit Cary Amo online. Contact me today if you are looking for a local real estate agent, I’d be more than happy to answer any questions you may have.
© Copyright 2018 Cary Amo..Your Lafayette Real Estate Pro | Powered by Stratosphere Marketing Solutions
Archives Select Month May 2016 (3) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (4) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (4) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (5) June 2015 (4) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (6) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (4) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (4) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (6) July 2014 (4) June 2014 (4) May 2014 (4) April 2014 (4) March 2014 (4) February 2014 (6) January 2014 (6) December 2013 (5) November 2013 (6) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (6) July 2013 (8) June 2013 (9) May 2013 (7) April 2013 (12) March 2013 (8) February 2013 (6) January 2013 (6) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (9) October 2012 (14) September 2012 (9) August 2012 (14) July 2012 (14) June 2012 (21) May 2012 (22) April 2012 (21) March 2012 (22) February 2012 (20) January 2012 (20) December 2011 (21) November 2011 (20) October 2011 (10)
Powered by WordPress | Designed by: Business Directory | Thanks to UK offers, Free Advertising and business listing
"We propose that the respiratory symptoms of subjects with GWI is caused in part by enhanced airway sensitivity to irritants, mediated primarily by upregulated or sensitized TRP channels in the airway. We have now shown that transformed and primary airway epithelial cells express functional TRPV1. More recently we found that these cells also express another important irritant receptor, namely TRPA1. Activation of either TRPV1 or TRPA1 results in increased expression of both the inflammatory cytokine IL-8 and the neurotrophin NGF in airway epithelial cells. We have further shown that NGF as well as bradykinin and CCL5 can sensitize TRPV1, lower the activation threshold, and enhance the inflammatory consequences of agonist stimulation. The combination of sensitized TRPV1 channels that have a lower threshold for activation from common irritants combined with TRP activation-mediated synthesis of NGF leading to further sensitization of sensory afferents and epithelial cells suggests a mechanism by which non-specific airway sensitivity may be initiated and sustained in a self-perpetuating manner."
"As detailed above, we have developed sensitive real-time RT-PCR assays for mRNA transcripts of these genes, including TRPV1, TRPA1, the bradykinin B2 and B1 receptors, the entire range of neurotrophin receptors, and the cannabinoid receptor, CNR2. We still need to design and test primers for the tachykinin receptors."
"The present patent application relates to a pharmaceutical composition comprising a transient receptor potential ankyrin-1 receptor ("TRPA1") antagonist and an anticholinergic agent. Particularly, the application provides a pharmaceutical composition comprising a TRPA1 antagonist having IC50 for inhibiting human TRPA1 receptor activity of less than 1 micromolar and an anticholinergic agent; a process for preparing such composition; and its use in treating a respiratory disorder in a subject."
"The respiratory disorder, in the context of present invention, includes but is not limited to airway inflammation, asthma, emphysema, bronchitis, COPD, sinusitis, rhinitis, cough, respiratory depression, reactive airways dysfunction syndrome (RADS), acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), irritant induced asthma, occupational asthma, sensory hyper-reactivity, multiple chemical sensitivity, and aid in smoking cessation therapy."
Some years ago a group of researchers pointet out, that the clinical symptoms found in both Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) and chronic Ciguatera fish poisoning (CCFP) were remarkably similar, including recurrent fatigue, impaired memory and concentration, tender lymph nodes, muscle and joint pain, headaches, and other neurological impairments.
They perfermed a study and found that the serum lipid fraction of patients with CFS has a structural epitope(s) similar to ciguatoxin CTX, a polyether lipid with neurotoxic properties produced by a marine organism (Gambierdiscus toxicus).
Ciguatoxins are sodium channel activator toxins that cause ciguatera, which presents with peripheral sensory disturbances, including the symptom of cold allodynia which is characterized by intense stabbing and burning pain in response to mild cooling.
And now for the peculiarity: Ciguatoxins activate specific cold pain pathways to elicit the burning pain from cooling, and TRPA1 is involved in this pathway.
Acute Phase Phospholipids Related to the Cardiolipin of Mitochondria in the Sera of Patients With Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS), Chronic Ciguatera Fish Poisoning (CCFP), and Other Diseases Attributed to Chemicals, Gulf War, and Marine Toxins
If you are up for one more peculiarity..the author, Yoshitsugi Hokama, from the Acute Phase Phospholipid article is also on this paper about CFS, phospholipid cardiolipin (CL) and anticardiolipin antibodies (ACAs): Anticardiolipin Antibodies in the Sera of Patients with Diagnosed Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
"This study demonstratesthat a large percentage of patients clinically diagnosed with CFS have elevated levels of the IgM isotype to CL (95%), suggesting that CFS may be an autoimmune condition."
"Previous studies have shown that treatment with monoclonal antibodies to B cells reduces ACA levels to normal in patients with autoimmune disease, leading to clinical improvements."
I have followed a chain of thought and I wonder if there is a connection. What do you think? Do these puzzle pieces fit together or maybe just some of them?
The short version: Some ME patients have POTS. Some POTS patients may have autoantibodies against cavin-1. Cavin-1 is required for the formation of caveolae. Regulation of eNOS within caveolae is an important mechanism. eNOS activation leads to high levels of NO in cells. NO-/HNO can activate TRPA1 receptors. TRPA1 is involved in many mechanisms....for example "TRPA1 is involved in mediating vasodilation. TRPA1 can also influence changes in blood pressure of possible relevance to autonomic system reflexes and potentially to vasovagal/neurocardiogenic syncope disorders."
Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome is an under-recognized condition in chronic fatigue syndrome.
A newly described protein, cavin-1, also known as polymerase I and transcript release factor, is one of the targets of the autoantibodies in POTS. Cavin-1 is required for the formation of caveolae in all mammalian and plays a critical role in regulating caveolae function in endothelial cells.
Reference: Autoimmunoreactive IgGs against cardiac lipid raft-associated proteins in patients with postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome
In terms of endothelial cell function, caveolae function, caveolae are important regulators of vascular tone through modulation of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) activity. Specifically, regulation of eNOS within caveolae by the coat protein, caveolin-1 (Cav-1), is an important physiological mechanism for control of vascular reactivity, and this pathway is intimately involved with the progression of pathologies likely through suppression of pro-inflammatory signalling pathways.
The relationship between caveolae and eNOS is one of the cornerstones of caveolae involvement in cardiovascular function. Loss of Cav-1 leads to persistent eNOS activation and high levels of NO in cells through the loss of Cav-1 inhibitory effect on eNOS. The Cav-1/eNOS interaction tonically inhibits eNOS activity resulting in sequestering of eNOS in caveolae and reduced NO production.
NO-/HNO can increase meningeal blood flow by activating TRPA1 receptors, most likely through stimulation of CGRP release from meningeal afferents. Similar mechanisms may be involved in the pathophysiology of headaches associated with the endogenous NO metabolism.
Reference: Involvement of TRPA1 receptors in meningeal blood flow induced by formation of nitroxyl (NO-/HNO)
There is no RationalWiki without you. We are a small non-profit with no staff – we are hundreds of volunteers who document pseudoscience and crankery around the world every day. We will never allow ads because we must remain independent. We cannot rely on big donors with corresponding big agendas. We are not the largest website around, but we believe we play an important role in defending truth and objectivity.
The 2018 moderator election has started! We are electing 6 moderators and 2 alternatives to serve in 2019. Nominate users here and read their campaign slogans here!
“”'Do you believe in the healing power of crystals, young man?' snapped the woman, raising the club threateningly.
'What? What healing power?' said Vimes. The old woman gave him a cracked smile, and dropped the club.
Crystal healing is the practice of trying to heal physical, emotional and psychological problems by placing precious or semi-precious stones on or near the patient.
The standard form of crystal healing associates a colour of the rainbow to each chakra of the body. A problem in some part of the body is "healed" by placing an appropriately coloured crystal on the chakra closest to the afflicted part.[1] For example, the chakra in the forehead is associated with the colour purple, so to cure a headache you would apply a purple stone to the forehead.[2] The lack of demand for amethysts to replace aspirin should show just how effective this is.
Apart from standard healing doctrine, practitioners are free to make up their own rituals for using the stones, and may ascribe to them whatever magical properties they please. For example crystal therapists attempt to diagnose the state of the patient's aura and select crystals they hope will remove disequilibrium.[3]
Adding to the hilarity, altie veterinarians (they exist)[4] have started using crystal healing.[5] Without the placebo effect it is even less effective.
Although there are traditions for this going back for centuries or even millennia, and although many crystal practitioners remind prospective clients of this, the standard method of crystal healing described above dates back no earlier than the 1940s.
Besides the standard method, any particular technique used by any particular crystal healer might have been made up last week or earlier. For example one UK practitioner uses intuition, dowsing, Reiki, enhances the vibration of the crystals and charges £35.00 for a three-quarter hour session.[6]
There is no evidence that crystals applied externally have curative powers, nor do the crystal healers themselves seem at all interested in research to look for such evidence.
The claimed physical effects of the stones are usually described in such terms as: they "help the liver to function" or "balance the endocrine system". You will look in vain in a book on crystal healing for a claim to treat any particular problem such as measles, sunstroke or a heart attack. For this reason, crystal healing is less pernicious than other forms of alternative medicine, which do offer specific treatments and so turn patients away from real medical care. Rather, crystal healing is by-and-large a hobby for those who, if they were really ill, would almost certainly see a doctor.
Besides the vague physical benefits ascribed to crystals, they are holistic,[3] they are also claimed by various healers to have more spiritual or occult purposes, such as opening the third eye, repairing the aura, or warding off psychic attacks. While almost all practitioners agree that the crystals have such metaphysical effects, there is no agreement among them about which stones have which powers. Not only are these claims inconsistent, they are also untestable.
It may perhaps be argued, though, that if someone is sincerely in fear of attack by malignant spirits, and is sincerely convinced that carrying a magic pebble will ward off these attacks, then they are receiving a benefit from the pebble, though admittedly not the benefit they think they're getting.
There is also little or no agreement between the practitioners as to how a pebble, however pretty, can balance the chakras: theories range from the influence of extraterrestrials to the usual jargon about quantum theory.[7][8]
It is interesting that many of the theories claims made by crystal healers attach importance to the regular geometric structure that characterises a crystal. Yet so-called "crystal" healers, in practice, make use of any precious or semi-precious material in their work, including not only amorphous (non-crystalline) rocks such as obsidian but also such substances as amber, jet, ivory, coral, and pearls.[10][11][12] Some practitioners attempt to rectify this by dropping references to crystals and calling their technique "gem therapy". However, a different name fails to fix the underlying problem — the lack of any scientific foundation.
Ovilus Not directly related but the site its sold on sells an app that lets you "recharge your crystals" and it implies it is this kind
Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
Harley was a petite teen who can barely handle one cock, much less two of them! But this little slut was horny and needed a good banging. So each guy took a hole of their own and Harley got a deep double penetration in each of her tight spots! She was pulled like a tug of war as each guy fucked her hard! Then she took both their cumshots on her face!
All models appearing on this site are 18 years of age or older and are intended to be portrayed as such.
© Copyright 2009, doubleteamedteens.com and its owner. All rights reserved. All images are strictly copyrighted.
Welcome to the Outdoor Mature a brand new porn site that features grown men and women getting naked and having sex in public. These gals and guys have no shame and they just love running around nude, sucking cocks and riding them too. Amateur Outdoor Mature people have given us a huge archive of private nude photos and it is updated daily. If you want the best in public nudity and sex porn, you have to join the Outdoor Mature right now!
Loveable dames strip in the midday not to seduce males but to spend time chatting and having fun. Get inside your member’s account and watch all those vintage nudist galleries with 100% exclusive amateur galore! Dip your head into erotic atmosphere of good old days with most seductive vintage nudist chicks ever!
The research report, The Spaces Between Numbers: Getting International Data on Higher Education Straight, reveals that U.S. graduation rates remain comparable to those of other developed countries despite news stories about our nation losing its global competitiveness because of slipping college graduation rates. The only major difference—the data most commonly highlighted, but rarely understood—is the categorization of graduation rate data. The United States measures its attainment rates by “institution” while other developed nations measure their graduation rates by “system.”
New and state of the art, you find this fine resort hotel set against the beautiful green slopes of the Kata hills phuket.
Only 500 meters walking distance to Kata Noi beach, the Andaman Cannacia Resort provides the right backdrop for your Phuket Island holiday. Occupying a superb site on Phuket's western coast, the hotel is ideally located on Kata Beach, nearby the Kata Shopping Plaza, 15 minutes by car to Patong Beach and 30 minutes to the airport.
Luxuriate yourself in any of our 115 comfortable air conditioned guestrooms, either a Regency Suite, Canna Deluxe or Deluxe room, all stylishly furnished and fully equipped with satellite TV, IDD phone, mini-bar and private bath with hot & cold water.
Occupying a superb site on Phuket's western coast, the Andaman Cannacia Resort & Spa is ideally located on Kata Beach (500 meters from the beach), close to the Kata Shopping Plaza, 15 minutes by car to Patong Beach and only 30 minutes to the airport.
Idyllically located on a peaceful green hill facing Kata Beach of Phuket, the Andaman Cannacia Resort & Spa turns your abstract fantasy into tangible reality. Only 30 minutes to the airport and 15 minutes to the airport and 15 minutes to Patong Beach, we incorporate all sources of enjoyment within your reach.
Commanding the full view of a blue sea joining the azure sky, the Andaman Cannacia Resort & Spa catches holiday-makers' fancy with our warm hospitality that has engraved on our guests' minds and that has beckoned them to come back time and time again.
Luxuriate yourself in any of our 115 comfortable air-conditioned guestrooms, either the Regency Suite, Honeymoon Suite, Villa Spa, Garden Spa, Canna Deluxe or Deluxe Room, Totaling 115 units, all stylishly furnished and fully equipped with satellite TV, IDD phone, mini-bar, safe deposit boxes, hair dryer and private bath with hot & cold water.
Honeymooners can enjoy the sweetest time in our Honeymoon Suite with an outdoor jacuzzi amidst pleasant natural surroundings.
Bring out the full flavour of your holiday with our friendly services and modern facilities including laundry, facsimile and e-mail services, health massage, tour desk, mail and information desk, baby-cots and swimming pools with a pool-side bar.
Savour our succulent foods at Ban Yen, serving seafood, Thai and international cuisine prepared by our chef who knows how to capture your impression. Enjoy delicious Bar Be Que at our pool-side bar.
Relax your body and soul at Santi Spa, a perfect health & beauty center. A variety of treatments and activities are disigned for enhancing your vitality and your beauty.
Our services include aromatherapy, massage, body & face treatment, sauna-steam, hot & cold jacuzzi, beauty salon and fitness room.
Click here to enjoy our Special Rate for Phuket Hotels. Just click here to get directions to the hotel's map and to print out for Hotel's Address.
Your useful information when you travel Thailand, We provide Thailand travel and accommodation service, just Click Here to find Thailand travel guides & discount rates for Thailand Hotels
Thursday, 25th January 2018 saw the main hall of Gimnazija Vič completely full with an eager audience ready to see the performance of “Musicals @ Vič”.
Led by students Ana Kocjančič and Žiga Štrukelj, singers, musicians, and a backstage team put together a collection of performances based on the most famous and special musicals of Broadway and the West End.
Students were the force behind every aspect of this show including the stage design, promotions, choreography, costumes, make-up, and the singing performances themselves.
With the show being received by such enthusiastic applause, people are already looking forward to seeing what this creative and talented group of students will come up with next.
Hi my name is Liza, big Gina fan, she inspired me to fight and hope to have my first MMA fight in the next couple of months
Find this forum through Angelique, we were on another Gina forum, problem was the population was just us two lol, great to see we have more people now hehehe, looking forward to meeting you all
Anyway, welcome. I hope you'll enjoy it here. And when the time comes, let us know in which round you knocked out your opponent (or subbed her)
Thanks yeah last I saw the last forum it was just the two of us commenting on each others posts lol it was quite funny.
Trust me it will be a KO my subs aren't quite there yet, was meaant to fight this month but ended up getting my eyelid split open in December instead....DOH!!!
lol thanks just have to wait for my eyelid to heal up then me and my coach will get talking ... btw i prefer kimuras lol
Liza! Missed you girl! Yeah, the other forum was pretty funny, lol. Welcome to the new and improved version. Wink You've got to have someone film or take photo's of your first fight! I'm having my first Muay Thai fight in February (next tournament), so I can't wait for that either.
Good luck with that babe almost went into Muay Thai but got bit by the MMA bug and Gina bug, then my Muay Thai coach ditched me in disgust lol
Last edited by LizaG on Thu Jan 07, 2010 5:31 pm; edited 1 time in total (Reason for editing : Quote removed)
Goody! I'll have to open a thread for everyone's MMA and Muay Thai fights! What you guys think of that idea? That way we can support one another. I did MMA for two months, but had issues at the gym, so left that. Went into Muay Thai, and I'm loving it. I'm starting MMA again just as soon as I can find another gym that's close by.
took me forever to find a good MMA gym, almost ended up at Jess Liaudin's gym till he shut it down just happy to be where I am.
Most of my issues in MMA gyms where the dudes punching and kicking too hard, got pretty brutal at one point, even the newbies hand it to me hard now. That's how my eyelid got split open....forgot to cut his toenails.
Last edited by LizaG on Thu Jan 07, 2010 5:30 pm; edited 1 time in total (Reason for editing : Quote removed.)
I definitely like the idea of a 'our fights' thread. Hopefully I'll be in there someday too. Just as soon as I get started with mma. I am taking it slow a bit now though, cos I'm not sure where I'll be by summer and I gotta pay for a whole year...
im better at mauy thai then bjj ....so this year i really want to make mauy thai my strong point even more
The project is a city guide for discounts and promotions taking place in stores, grouped by categories.
Additional service for the user is a local creation and storage of information about the discount cards. The user does not need to have a discount card at the time of purchase as it is stored inside the application and can be scanned by the cashier from the application screen.
At this moment, the project is frozen by the customer and the application is not available on the Google Play Market.
Founded in 2003, Desta is an IT-company specializing mainly in custom software development. We have 2 development centers in Ukraine providing а full range of software development services for our clients in Europe and the US. We are committed to establishing mutually beneficial long-term relationships with all of our customers.
The new release of xenimus caused some of data structures to change. Updating XenLua to handle the new data would take some time and Andy isn't willing to spend that time right now. So instead of letting it crash repeatedly on people, he chose to take it offline.
Having said that, what features are you looking for? I just released an item sniffer, And I can do more. All code is open source and you can find it on github.
Is Xenlua dead? Mine stopped working but I see that it has last been updated June 6 which is recently but now there is no file found when you want to download it.
I don't have time for this anymore sorry. There was a hardware issue on the machine hosting the virtual server running it and I didn't setup the xenlua download server again.
People tell me they still have Xenlua, how? Is there any way to get it? It was kind of a vital part of xenimus.
I'm not sure why you think a heel hook is dangerous, it posses no potential for serious long term injury, try again.
^ Yeah, it works for some people apparently. Either they're just really lucky, or they have the hookup from Andy. :/
I don't know if you have already open sourced it before, but if you want to open source it I can deploy it onto one of my VMs. Although I think the only reason xenula has been around as long as it has is because you're a trusted source. I don't play anymore, but I have some friends that would like to use xenula if nothing else.
The reason it works for some and doesn't for others is that the installer for xenlua has an old version that doesn't work with the game anymore.
Can you please put out one more update for everyone? lol When the last update happened, a lot of people were quit for 2.0. Now a lot of people came back, because EJ seems to have given up on it.
Most suggestions are not implementable. A lot of what xenlua is about is showing you the data that EJ sends but doesn't show, I can't show what he doesn't send.
This is just a friendly reminder to me to fix XenluaNetwork::HandleItemData when I get home. It has a deadlock issue where if updating a cache entry, it fails to release the cache mutex. Suspect this is why xenlua has recently been freezing for people.
Fixing it now on my break. Notepad fixes ftw. Good thing microsoft build servers handle the releases now
For some reason xenlua just stopped working for me, it was fine no problems until my laptop powered off and on because my dog unplugged it -_-.
Now when I load xenlua the hp/mp bars are appearing in the top left and the text bar is appearing there as well. Can't move can only type, wont let me exit typing mode move or log off. Not sure whats happening.... should I delete some files in it... have tried to uninstall and reinstall xen and lua. No luck.
On further exploration of the problem it seems it is only effecting 1 character , I can log on other characters on the same account and they are fine can type run walk swim dance just fine.
maybe your keys file is messed up. I think this happened to me a couple years ago. It was unrelated to Xenlua.
i just started to use xenlua recently and had it work for a few days and then there was a update for xenimus and ever since I haven't been able to figure out how to get xenlua to work. any help? I tried to dl it again and ran the lua update and it just opens a regular xenimus.
Mmm no I'm pretty sure it's in the bibble some where. Thou wilth noteth taketh outeth o-eth buffeths. bullshit 3:13
It's my understanding EJ went on a rampage and did a series of updates designed solely to break Xenlua instead of adding content to his own game.
Food Allergy Support is now on Twitter. Follow us @FASupport. You may also follow our Tweets in our new global footer at the bottom of the page here at FAS!
Bad, very, VERY bad... Archaeologists and curators leaving UK over Brexit fears theguardian.com/cult…
Heard any "good news" stories about cancer lately? Well I have two on this update (April 2007) of my website. One is my story and the other is Ken Browne's.
Here's the first one - I am still alive five years after my surgery and chemotherapy for Stage 3 bowel cancer.
In 2002 I learned from an oncologist's study that my chances of being around at the end of five years was 50%, and being unable to find a program to keep me in the right half I did my own research and formulated my own holistic program based on diet, exercise, meditation and self healing.
Details about the program are in my story "Cancer - Surviving Against the Odds" which can be downloaded from this site FREE!.
A colonoscopy in November 2006 confirmed that the cancer has not returned and my surgeon said it would be two years before another examination was necessary. So for me, I feel my program is working, not only in preventing secondary cancer but in enhancing the level of my general health. At 74 I continue to be able to keep clear of any prescribed medication and I believe this helps my body's immune system concentrate on destroying any cancer cells that might emerge again.
However what I would like to emphasise in this update is that both secondary and advanced primary cancers need a much more aggressive alternative therapy program than the one I am using. For example, the diet in my program is a scaled down version of the one used by Dr Johanna Budwig fifty years ago to cure terminally ill cancer patients, and if you want to learn more about Dr Budwig and her complete program, visit http://www.cancertutor.com/Cancer/Budwig.html
It's the one I'll be following if ever my cancer returns! And by the way, I believe all the information available on the site http://www.cancertutor.com should be compulsory reading for everybody diagnosed with cancer.
When confronted with a life-threatening disease like cancer we have the choice of going down the traditional chemo/radiation path or undertaking an alternative therapy program. It's a personal decision only you can make - it's your life.
Sometimes we don't have a choice, and I am including on this site a "good news" story written by Ken Browne from Queensland Australia, who in May 2006 was diagnosed with Stage 4 Pancreatic cancer. He and his wife Carmel had to fight the cancer without conventional medicine because the medical profession had given up on him. In March 2007 his CT scan showed the cancer had stabilised and his general level of health improved to such an extent that he was free of prescribed medications.
His story can also be downloaded FREE from this site, and I hope others with an aggressive cancer will be inspired by the way Ken and his wife have tackled their problem. I pass his story on for information purposes only and not as a substitute for professional medical advice.
I continue to want cancer experiences to be shared on this site. So after you have read these stories please send your comments back to the site. It is not a medical site and no guidance can be given on the direction you should take in your treatment - it is entirely up to you.
It is not a commercial site either - it is not designed to sell anything and I do not receive any financial or other rewards from any organisation - and neither does Ken Browne.
Founded in 1972, our Club has been serving the communities of Eastern Passage, Cow Bay and surrounding ares for over 45 years.
We currently have 40 members and looking to grow. Please send an email to the web master to get more information on joining us.
Posted in how to view private instagram photos, instagram private profiles viewer, view private instagram photos, view private instagram profiles, view private instagram profiles 2016, view private instagram profiles 2017, View private instagram profiles without followingTagged access private instagram account, access private instagram accounts, anyway to see a private instagram, browse instagram without account, can i see a private instagram, can i view a private instagram, can you see a private instagram, can you see private instagram, can you see private instagrams, can you see someones instagram if its private, can you see someones private instagram, can you view a private instagram, can you view private instagram photos, can you view private instagrams, check private instagram, easy way to view private instagram, facebook private picture viewer, facebook private profile viewer free download, facebook private profile viewer online, facebook view private, facebook view private profile, free instagram private profile viewer, Free Private Instagram Profile Viewer, get around private instagram, hack a private instagram account, hack instagram account private, hack instagram private profile, hack instagram profile, hack into private instagram, hack into private instagram accounts, hack private instagram accounts, hack private instagram photos, hack someones instagram, hacking private instagram, hacking someones instagram, how can i look at a private instagram, how can i see a private instagram, how can i see a private instagram account, how can i see private instagram, how can i see private instagram photos, how can i see someones private instagram, how can i view a private instagram, how can i view a private instagram account, how can i view a private instagram profile, how can i view private instagram photos, how can i view private instagram pictures, how can i view someones private instagram, how can you look at a private instagram, how can you look at someones private instagram, how can you see a private instagram page, how can you see someones instagram if its private, how can you see someones private instagram, how can you view a private instagram, how can you view a private instagram account, how do i open an instagram account, how do i see a private instagram, how do you view private instagram, how see private instagram, how to find out someones instagram password, how to get more followers on instagram without following them, how to hack on instagram, how to look at someones private instagram photos, how to look at someones private instagram photos without following, how to open a instagram account, how to see a private instagram account, how to see facebook private photos, how to see private facebook p, how to see private pictures on facebook, how to see someones private pictures on instagram, How to view & see private Instagram Profiles and Photos, how to view a private facebook, How to view and see private Instagram Profiles and Photos, how to view instagram online, how to view instagram photos online, how to view private facebook, how to view private facebook accounts, how to view private facebook photos, how to view private facebook profiles, how to view private instagram photos online, How to view private Instagram profiles and photos without following, how view private instagram, insta viewer, instagram account viewer, instagram hack private account, instagram hacker online, instagram online photo viewer, instagram picture viewer, instagram privacy hack, instagram private account, instagram private photo viewer, instagram private photos, instagram private profile, instagram private profile view, instagram private profile viewer, instagram private profile viewer free download, instagram private profiles, instagram private user viewer, instagram private viewer online, instagram profile viewer online, instagram profile viewers, instagram search private user, instagram search private users, instagram see private, instagram see private photos, instagram see private profile, instagram see private profiles, instagram unlock private, instagram view private account, instagram view private profiles, instagram viewer online, instagram without account, instagram without login, instgram viewer, is there a way to view private instagram webstagram, look at blocked instagram, look at private instagram photos, look at private instagram profiles, look private instagram photos, look through private instagram, private account instagram, private account instagram viewer, private facebook viewer, private instagram photo viewer, private instagram pictures, private instagram profile, private instagram profiles, private instagram viewer download, private profile instagram, private user instagram, private viewer, profile viewer instagram, rivate accounts, search private instagram, search private instagram users, see a private instagram account, see a private instagram page, see a private instagram profile, see hidden instagram profiles, see instagram online, see instagram private photos, see instagram private profiles, see private facebook, see private instagram account, see private instagram followers, see private instagram photos, see private instagram profile, see private instagram users, see private photos facebook, see private pictures on facebook, see private profile instagram, seeing private instagram profiles, seeing someones private instagram, Use This To View Private Instagram Profiles Online, view a private facebook, view a private instagram account, view a private instagram profile, view all instagram photos, view blocked instagram photos, view blocked instagram profiles, view facebook private photos, view facebook profile without account, view instagram, view instagram account, view instagram accounts, view instagram accounts online, view instagram private account, view instagram private photos, view instagram private photos online, view instagram without account, view private, view private accounts instagram, view private facebook pages, view private facebook photos online, view private facebook pics, view private instagram accounts online, view private instagram app, view private instagram online, view private instagram photos, view private instagram photos through a web browser, view private instagram photos without following, view private instagram profiles, view private instagram profiles 2016, view private instagram profiles 2017, view private instagram profiles without following, View private instagram profiles without following 2016, View private instagram profiles without following 2017, view private instagram user, view private instagram without account, view private instagram without following, view private instagrams online, view private profile facebook, view private profile instagram, view private profiles, view private profiles instagram, view private twitter accounts, viewing a private instagram, viewing instagram, viewing private instagram profiles, way to see private instagram, way to view private instagram, ways to see a private instagram, ways to view private instagram, website to see private instagram, website to view private instagram, website to view private instagram profiles2 Comments
HomeHOME: A quick glance at what's currently going on with me - G-ManProfilePROFILE: What makes me tick…my stats…my philosophies…my likes and dislikes.BlogBLOG: Current & archived musings about training,racing…and life in general.Training LogTRAINING DIARY: My training is an open book; upcoming/completed workouts.RacingRACING: Listing of scheduled/completed events with links to race/result sites.CalendarCALENDAR: A calendar view of all things training and racingGalleryGALLERY: Peruse some pics over the past years as I infiltrate the multi-sport world.Teams/SponsorsTEAMS/SPONSORS: The people and companies that support the lifestyle I love.LinksLINKS: Sites that help me to be a better athlete…Ask G-ManASK G-MAN: Got a question or comment about training? Racing? This website?
The photo doesn't do it justice, but we were filthy after our duathlon in the rain that included running on a gravel/mud road - 2/28/2009
I blame the Waikiki Swim Club. According to history, the very first event that combined 3 sports in succession was in 1902 and featured running, cycling and canoeing. Done. We could have ended it there; with the ability to suck in as much oxygen as we could at any time throughout the event. Using one of "the Giordanelli principles" it is not a stretch to say that my rowing ability would rival my cycling/running ability and I would now be living off my millions of dollars in endorsments and my triathlon clothing line. But no. Enter the Waikiki Swim Club.
The Waikiki Swim Club had to insist that swimmers were more fit than runners (when in fact, they are simply more 'mutant' than runners...uh-uh-uh...talk to the hand). And from there...SWIM, bike, run became the triathlon standard we know today. Remind me to send the Waikiki Swim Club a case of Shark Bait cologne as a token of my appreciation. I dream of what would have happened if maybe someone else was there INSTEAD of swimmers when the Ironman was being born. There are a handful of possibilities that could have made me a legend - a household name. For instance, what if Ben & Jerry had been there? Bike, Run, eat 5 gallons of ice cream. How about Shields & Yarnell? (Google it, kids). Bike, run, dance the robot. Einstein? Bike, run, solve complex mathematical equations. "I coulda been a contender"...if only.
Awesome teammate and general 'man about town' Cameraon Dorn. Problem is you never know which town in which country on any given day.
Those first 2 paragraphs are what we writers call "setting the stage". It lets you know that I will - at a later point in the story - use my own inadequacies as an excuse. But first, some character development and a plot. So there we were, Janis and I hanging out in the middle of nowhere with Coach Rick and his wife Gail. The Kattouf's had rented a cabin in the woods on the top of a mountain. Up a gravel road that was not for the squeemish - and definitely not for a Prius or Yugo. My front-wheel drive Rav4 was having a hard enough time. We found it hilarious that the owner charges a $25 gravel road fee as part of the rental. That money must go towards signage that says "caution: steep, gravel road". Because it certainly isn't going towards making the road any better.
The Lake Logan triathlon falls into a special category for me. It is a category many athletes have: races I've tried repeatedly to attend and have not been able to. I have 'ditched' more races over the past 30 years than I care to admit. Some were just 'on my plan' while others I had already paid for. I wish I had all the money in entry fees over the years that I 'gave away' to races. But even when cancelling out on races I'm no amateur. This was my 3rd attempt to make this race and I finally got there. At least I never pre-paid my entry fees. I think the Virginia Beach Rock n' Roll Half Marathon is my record. It took me 4 years to finally get there - and I waved goodbye to my entry fee for 2 of those (BTW - when I finally did it, it was a great race!). I may try to break that record as I debate signing up for the New Year's Eve 5k at midnight in Clemmons, NC...for the 3rd year. We have yet to actually attend it. On a final note here. I don't want to make it sound like I run around throwing out entry fees. As a matter of fact, after I completed my first iron-distance triathlon, Janis told me that she saw 2 or 3 people pulled from the swim in the first couple of minutes. They were fine; just had anxiety attacks and hyperventilated. Janis told me that if it had been me - after spending all the time and money - that she would have walked over and pushed me back in the water.
Team K in our stealth black team outfits. If we ever do a race at night, you'll never see us comin'.
You don't see a lot of Kenyans lining up to do the mile. Why? It just ain't their thang. And so it is with me and the olympic distance. Compared to all other distances, the swim is more heavily weighted - and especially here where the bike was even shorter than the standard 40 kilometers and not very challenging or technical to boot. I usually have a lot of catching up to do after the swim leg but in a race like this, I felt like I was on the 50-yard-line and everyone else was lined up on the 5 (see how I brought my football audience into the story). But I came here because it was supposed to be beautiful and at least a few degrees cooler than the unforgiving sun back in Greenville. It was both. And as weekends go, I cared a lot less about the race and a lot more about a relaxing weekend with Janis and friends.
I was almost too uncaring about the race. I can't remember the last time I was so disorganized. I basically did nothing to prepare the day before. The morning was a constant game of 'what did I forget now'? An athlete struck up a conversation with me as I walked from the parking area to the venue. It was his first tri and he was a bit nervous. I told him it didn't matter what happened - he was going to have a blast. I had to laugh to myself a few minutes later when I went to the registration table and he was ahead of me. He had signed up for the Open division. I had seen this before. People don't realize that the Open division is for the athletes vying for a top 10 or so. I didn't say anything to him, but he was in for an experience.
Up there in the mountains, the lake was still wetsuit legal and I barely got myself together in time to jump in the water for 60 seconds. I had a sudden realization that my wedding ring was very loose and I didn't want to lose it in the lake so I jumped out to find Janis but I was cut short by the call to the start. It's probably just as well, the last thing I needed was women hitting on me while I'm trying to swim.
I felt a bit strained from the start but I stayed steady. In my head, I thought I would have a little advantage because the buoys leading to the turn were not in a straight line and we did not have to go around them. But that rarely stops some people from taking the long way around. Not me I swim slow but straight and I cut a laser line to the turn about 700 meters out. If you've never done an open water swim race, it's a lot like running. With a blindfold on.
After an eternity of flailing my arms about, I approached the swim exit. It was several yards upstream from the start and into the mouth of the river that feeds the lake. Almost immediately as we crossed under the roadway bridge for the final 50 meters, the water temperature dropped what had to be 15 degrees. It was cold but amazingly refreshing. Unlike many of my triathlon swims where we are required to hoist ourselves out of the water, I needed no assistance from the volunteers to fling myself onto the dock as if the lake were regurgitating some bad fish.
Normally in my races, I start my watch timer and refer to it during the race as my "master time keeper"; just a running total of my time. Today, I was without my watch and I felt a bit naked. But it's a good thing I didn't have it on because if I had looked down when I ran into the first transition and seen my time, I would have quit right then and there. Seriously. Take your definition of slow...and add two more minutes. Imagine Roseanne Barr showing up to singing practice...with a cold. That bad.
The guy behind me probably saved 8 seconds by not putting his shoes on in transition. I enjoyed racing by him at 25 mph as he was riding 3 mph trying to get his shoes on.
We had a bit of a run along the grass with our bikes to the mount line. I did it with my shoes on - the guy next to me did it barefoot. He jumped on his bike and was off. I was right behind him. Well, fortunately I wasn't RIGHT behind him because he was weaving and nearly falling over as he tried to get his feet in the shoes. As I instantly raced by him full bore, I leaned over and said "It's NOT faster". I hope I didn't ruin triathlon for anyone, but...It's NOT faster. It's slower AND more dangerous.
I went to task doing what I do best and made short work of the course. It was fast and had no technical sections. Again, not a lot of chances for a cyclist to gain time. I even made a rookie mistake going into the last (and only real) climb. I misjudged the grade and stayed in my big chainring. I could tell it was a mistake but I had committed and it cost me some time. I was also starting to let my head take over a bit. I was disappointed at this point that I hadn't caught more Open wave athletes.
I jumped off the bike in time to see another Open Master (Tom Mather) already starting the run about a minute ahead of me. Tom is one of the fastest Master runners in the state. That's HIS sport. Which is why I couldn't understand how he was still ahead of me after the bike. I had a fast transition and off I went. The six-mile course was basically a gradual climb for 3 miles and then a turn around to a gradual descent into the finish. I didn't understand why I seemed so far behind everyone but I figured if I hit my 6:00/mile pace on the run then everthing would have to work out. And it seemed like for the first time today, things were going as anticipated.
I had no watch on, but my tempo felt strong and fast. In the first couple of miles I ran down 2 Open Masters. Up ahead, I could see the black uniform and ponytail that is the distinct trademark of my teammate Gail Kattouf. As I approached her - and passed mile 2 - I started to see the first place athletes coming towards me. It's always funny to me how I can feel like a 10-minute gap on paper is long but when you are out on the course, it was less than 2 running miles. It was like the leader was right there in front of me. Or so it seems. I caught Gail just before the turn around and we exchanged words between our labored breathing. I counted over a dozen people still ahead of me before I hit the turn including Masters David Hall and Tom Mather. But neither of them provided the inspiration to keep flying. No - that distinction belonged almost completely to the ladies.
I had chased down Gail just before the turnaround. Shortly after the turnaround, I found myself chasing another 'ponytail' - ANOTHER national caliber female athelte, Alicia Parr. I can't remember exactly but Alicia held the distinction last year of winning high honors at multiple national championships. She made an excellent target. Again - a few words of encouragement exchanged. I was 4 miles in at this point and I was being sharply reminded that it had been a long time since I had run a 10k without socks on. I was bascially drilling a hole in the end of my big toe. My glances went back and forth between the athletes I was chasing - and my shoe; where I expected at any minute to see the color of blood seeping through.
Two miles left and I still felt good. Strained, but good. I thought that Alicia was in 1st place for the women but no. No sooner had I left Alicia than I started to catch my next quarry. Yep, another woman. This woman was a pro whom I'd never heard of. Male or female - it made no difference to me. They were all just targets. With a mile to go there was no sign of the two 'known' Masters ahead of me and I hoped that I would somehow sneak into 3rd with my run resurecting a less-than-stellar swim/bike combo. I rounded a curve with a half mile to go and there he was right in front of me. I could see the "OM" written on his calf denoting "Open Master". I took a few deep breaths and backed down a bit. You have to be prepared when you pass someone that close to the end that you pass them convincingly.
It probably sounds funny but in situations like this, I actually expend energy trying not to be heard until I am right on top of the person I am passing. I want to give them no time to respond or prepare. I feel like a mouse sneaking up on a piece of cheese just before he POUNCES ON IT. I was starting to run out of gas a bit so I had to just do it. I did. He had little left to respond and I managed to hold a small gap to the finish. Within a couple of mintues I got to see an amazing race for the line as the top 3 women that I had passed all finished within 18 seconds of each other.
I was almost confused by what had happened today. I know I'm not a specialist at this distance but the race I had planned in my head never materialized. My confusion was laid to rest as soon as I saw the results. As I mentioned earlier, my swim was beyond bad. I even wondered if I had done some extra distance somewhere. My bike was OK - but it too was a minute or two slower than I was capable of. My run was pretty much the only thing that actually showed up ready to go today. Taking into consideration the gradual climb on the way out and my toe on the way back, my 6:10 pace was pretty much where I expected it to be.
I would finish 11th overall and 3rd Master. Oddly enough, both Masters ahead of me were in different age groups (40-44 and 50-54). Putting me first for my age group. As anticipated, I pulled back about 5 minutes on each of the two Masters ahead of me on the bike and run. But I finished 9 and 7 minutes slower than them in the swim. Holy cow. 95th swim split, 6th bike split, 10th run split. I guess it really doesn't look that different than usual. But 95th?! Sheesh.
* Teammate Gail Kattouf took 3rd in the women's race. 19 seconds behind 1st and 8 seconds behind 2nd.
* I found it sort of funny that the top 3 Masters each specialized in a different discipline...and I mean specialize. David Hall and Tom Mather are probably both in the top 5 Masters in the state in swimming and running respectively. With my cycling, we would make one really wicked Masters relay.
* Nothing felt better than jumping back into the lake where we exited the swim. It was frigid and awesome.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4668: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/posting.php:185)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4670: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/posting.php:185)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4671: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/posting.php:185)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4672: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/posting.php:185)
I want to model frequency dependent RL branch transmission line model using custom component feature of PSCAD. (Fortan Transmission line Modelling in PSCAD Hasan GeorgeW)
I want to model frequency dependent RL branch transmission line model using custom component feature of PSCAD.
I have to write fortan code for this transmission line. The Transmission line should have mask for resistance, inductance, min frequency, max frequency and step frequency, accordingly transmission line should have RL branches ( number or parallel branches = (frequency range)/step frequency) i.e for each frequency there should be RL branch. Finally, the code should have the transmission line wave concept of nortan equivalent. Please give suggestions.
For your knowledge, I am not familiar with this area, and also I have shared with you a model about it last year.
Sometime ago I was thinking in study a IoT protocol, looking for some minutes in web I discovered that one of the most popular protocols that're running in nowadays is MQTT. MQTT is a protocol publish-subscribe type very interesting because was created by IBM a long time ago, used in internal communication with servers and clusters, now we use this to integrate many different devices in a flexible network that can be managed where will you're. The protocol works with a simple topology, in this network you need to have a Broker(concentrator), similar to an Access Point, and the Clients or devices.
The Clients can publish or subscribe in Topics, those are managed by the broker. When a client subscribe a topic, he will receive all data published to this topic, and if he want he could publish in whatever topic in the network. It's real simple as I describe, and you can test on your PC in five minutes to confirm, but the best thing about this protocol is your port to TCP/IP stack, imagine that you're on a trip and you forgot to turn off your skip iron, if you have implemented MQTT in your home, you can connect to the internet and publish a simple "turn off" or "off" in a topic called, "iron clothes" now you drive safe without to back home. One of variants of this protocol are the port to WSN (Wireless Sensor Networks) with MQTT-SN, that is the same protocol but in different radios technologies, some ZigBee devices have fully compatible support to communicate with protocol and you can study how to implement in different applications and scenarios. Now I will teach how to install a broker MQTT and communicate him with a webscoket.
1 - First things first is to search for a lightweight/versatile broker, for the moment let's use MOSQUITTO
Now, open the file config.mk and edit the line "WITH_WEBSOCKETS:=no" change to yes and change "WITH_SRV=yes" to no .After install the pre-reqs. to compile mosquitto broker...
Hello everyone, i have been busy with my college and other projects, but i want to share a complete tutorial for develop firmware on the ...
It's been while since i had posted something different from a tutorial, then because of this i will show a simple project to control a ...
Downloading The Internet of Things (The MIT Press Essential Knowledge series) by Samuel Greengard eBOOK
Like i promise, almost in the end of the week, here is another post. In four months ago i bought this booster pack from tindie and i forg...
Sometime ago I was thinking in study a IoT protocol, looking for some minutes in web I discovered that one of the most popular protocols t...
This is a wallpaper of the blog, like everyone who is inspired by GNU/Linux philosopy...it's in 1600x900 because of my monitor, and if y...
After I started to use Debian 7.8 with gnome 3.4 (that's who comes with the image) I realized that some extensions that I want to use a...
Since my hp laptop die by a George Foreman Grill temperature processor, I decided to recycle him or some parts but I didn't have idea ...
It's Have Been the while since i posted something in the blog , but now i will pay attention and i promise to post at least one new by ...
Head right into the battle of Troy when you play the Troy Super Spins slot game from SkillOnNet as you try to save Helen and trigger a big jackpot. ... Stakes can be placed from 0.30 and now thanks to a new added feature, you can increase your stake to a high rolling 270.00 to get your hands on bigger multipliers and better. Another game with which you will get far back in antiquity, EGT's Slot machine will once again make you experience the sleek fineness of ancient history and ... these happenings in free play, you will be pleased to get a free spins bonus, and use the full advantages of the Trojan horse, because here online it will be the Wild. Play Troy Super Spin free video slot game from Skill on Net without the need to register, download or install anything. ... Play at an online casino for real money with a bonus below ... Now if you decide to up the ante by betting putting up 3 coins per line at the maximum amount you can see each spin cost rocket to $450.
An ancient city scene sits behind in the sunshine, but when you increase your bets to high rolling stakes via the flag to the right of the reels, the sky will change to a night time scene and the knight starts to push the horse into the city. The Trojan War - Duration: Please click the button to open the game in a new window Play now. Troy Super Spin slot machine is a mighty 5-reel, 30-payline slot — which you can adjust to suit your budget. Please use between 6 and 12 characters. SkillOnNet have brought this tale alive on the reels of the Troy Super Spin slot and you get to watch the epic battle unfold. Spinning in 3 or more golden coins will award the bonus game. Happy Jungle Slot Machine Online ᐈ Playson™ Casino Slots you can set out to play for the jackpot. It's unusual in that it has 4 symbols on each reel and a unique spinning action that means you have a seperate reel for every symbol in view. The scatter symbol, which is the Colosseum, is the home to some rather feisty battles, but if you spin three of these on your reels then you will feel in the mood for love rather than a fight as you will be rewarded with 12 free spins ; which will incorporate stacked wilds on a new set of reels for some extra prize-winning potential. Find out why Close. Making a specific recommendation, Olympus from Genesis Gaming is certainly worth throwing a few coins at in our opinion.
Immortal Romance Slot Troy Free Spins! Already have an account? The biggest win record on Hall of Gods has been broken by a Casumo Casino winner! The Greek goddess Elena represents the Scatter symbol in this game. The theme itself might not be the most original out there, but SkillOnNet definitely outdid themselves with the amount of detail that they put into it. Play Mobile Slots for Real Money 1. The payouts will come with all the symbols, starting from Paris, awarding them for 2 to 5 of his symbols, with the maximum being 1,000. Add to Want to watch this again later? The scatter symbol, which is the Colosseum, is the home to some rather feisty battles, but if you spin three of these on your reels then you will feel in the mood for love rather than a fight as you will be rewarded with 12 free spins ; which will incorporate stacked wilds on a new set of reels for some extra prize-winning potential. Észleltük, hogy olyan országból próbál hozzáférni weboldalunkhoz, ahonnan nem fogadunk ügyfeleket a weboldal használati feltételei szerint , ezért nem játszhat ezen az oldalon. The story of Helen and the Trojan horse is brought forward by EGT in a nice Slot palatable with bonuses and opportunities. This phone number format is not recognized.
Gussie Mills Bedroom, 2017-11-30 00:28:11. Remember that a teenager’s room is his or her space for studying, playing, getting engaged in hobbies, sleeping and a space where they seem to spend the maximum amount of time outside school. This is precisely why you need to come up with a design that will both boost their creativity and would also help create a relaxing and comfortable atmosphere. Functionality, style, sleek form and most importantly flowing ergonomics ensure that the designs are complete.
Fleta Wuckert Bedroom, 2017-11-30 00:28:13. This helps not only in eliminating a boring and at times, tedious look but also will present you with the option of removing or adding stuff with passage of time and depending on altering taste and necessities. The conventional design of a kid’s room is a space with fancy bed and bedspreads, cute wardrobes, vibrant colored tables and chairs, chunky book shelves along with a snazzy wall décor to ensure there is ample storage space on offer.
Gina Ullrich Bedroom, 2017-11-30 00:28:12. Using two shades of the same color when painting a headboard is both unexpected and visually interesting. Below (left), the light green stencil paint makes a monochromatic statement against the pear green wall color. Featured on Simply Seleta, this project takes its inspiration from a Domino magazine image.
Erik Skovgaard Bedroom, 2017-11-30 00:28:12. This next headboard features a lattice pattern, although any fabric of choice will do. Add the help of plywood, foam and batting, and the project comes to life. The power is in the headboard’s height, which draws the eye upward, making the room look taller. Don’t forget the nail head trim! Here are two more do-it-yourself headboard projects, each one unique yet similar in the low, rectangular design. The first idea (below, left) shows DIY enthusiasts how to refresh an upholstered headboard with new fabric. The second project (below, right) uses decorative molding to create a picture frame for the outline, then fills in the center with fabric-covered plywood.
Paxton Miller Bedroom, 2017-11-30 00:28:14. We know you would always prefer comfort and style over flashiness when it comes to duvet covers and shams. How about picking some with stripes and made of pure organic cotton? That’s double the fun, right? Stripes have always had a prominent role when it comes to fashion, be it on your body or for your home decor. Stuff made of pure organic cotton or a blend of cotton and linen has gained more fans all these years. When it comes to 100 percent cotton, it turns more exciting as you would always want to keep the ironing job for some other day.
Fleta Wuckert Bedroom, 2017-11-30 00:28:13. There are a wide range of options when it comes to choosing the design of your bedroom. A change in the style of wardrobes that are present can really freshen up that look and adding sliding doors to your design surely helps in not just revamping the style but also saving up on some space. There obviously are plenty of ways in which you can go on this one and with designers and firms getting more and more creative, the options to choose from are only getting larger.
Gina Ullrich Bedroom, 2017-11-30 00:28:12. Once of the most exciting things about decorating childrens’ rooms is that there are almost no limits. Adult living spaces, regardless of how trendy and charming they may aim to be, lack the sort of creativity and color that is the very essence of childhood. However, when it comes to decorating your child’s room (boy or girl), you can provide them the opportunity to allow their imagination to soar while you work to bring those concepts to life. Here are some helpful ideas for creating fantastical and fun kids rooms.
Jakob Vang Bedroom, 2017-11-30 00:28:14. There are times when simple equals modern, and this project takes chic simplicity to a new level. To make your own plywood headboard, take a trip to the local home supply store and purchase a few simple items: one large sheet of plywood, sandpaper, stain and sealer. Yes, it’s that easy! When you’ve sanded, stained and sealed your headboard, set it behind the bed and enjoy the earthy statement it creates.
Grete Qvist Bedroom, 2017-11-30 00:28:11. Of course, with designers offering both unique and ergonomic new styles, you can always pick one that suits your exact needs and the design that you precisely want by visiting places like Bedroom World, which seem to offer you plenty of options when it comes to revamping and bringing a new look to your home. If you are bored with the conventional, slide out for change!
Giovani Lesch Bedroom, 2017-11-30 00:28:13. So you see there are many options for you in today’s sleigh bed market. A sophisticated design can help any material chosen for the sleigh bed to fit in perfectly in the bedroom. Whether you choose a modern sleigh bed design or a classic one, keep in mind that the bed must match the other furniture items in the room, but also be bold enough to stand out. Metal sleigh beds have an amazing modern feel and you should choose high quality finishes and a perfect mattress for the best resting experience.
Business Tags: nuremberg businesses, air conditioning, appliance repair, attorney, auto wrecking, automobile parts, bail bonds, bank, bar, beauty salon, car rental, car repair, clothing, consumer electronics, contractor, dentist, department store, doctor, drug store, electrician, florist, flowers, furniture, glass, grocery store, hardware, heating, home improvement, hotel, HVAC, insurance, landscaping, lawyer, lumber, new cars, pet grooming, pharmacy, physician, pizza, plumber, plumbing, real estate, restaurant, roofing, storage, surgeon, theater, tires, used cars, veterinarian, women's clothing,
Just one of my older works that I haven't uploaded yet. It's my favorite one. Yay, Sess's the best! Some slight vectoring, repainting and a lot of brush, grunge and texture work here. Hope you like it and thanks,
very nice, I like the detail to the piece. it may be an old work but it still looks nice. I like the grudge effect to it. not to mention the "antique" feel to it.
I really like it! It's hard to find a good wallpaper with Sesshoumaru. I think it would look better without the faded white edges though...but that's probably just me ^^
This old work is really great too. Thank you for sharing, I'm glad to have such a beautiful Sesshoumaru wallpaper in my collection now. ^^
Ideas published by at . Nowadays we’re pleased to announce we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting contentto be pointed out, namely 48 Contemporary Best Bedroom
On this site for adults you are able to watch Hentai boy love video. If you'd like, you are able to download Hentai boy love sex video by direct link. And better, only curl up, without hammering your mind with junk, and see other equally interesting on our great site.
© rawpower.info. In compliance with the Federal Labeling and Record-Keeping Law (also known as 18 U.S.C. 2257), all models located within our domain were 18 y.o. or older during the time of photography.
Did you know that corner kitchen cabinet storage has become the hottest topics in this category? Thats why were showing this topic at this time. We took this image on the internet that we think would be one of the most representative pics for corner kitchen cabinet storage.
We all know everybodys opinion; will be different from one another. Likewise to this image, inside our viewpoint, this really is one of the best picture, and now what is your opinion?
This Details about corner kitchen cabinet storage has been submitted by Lynette D. Matteson in this category section. Please leave a comment here. Many thanks.
Welcome to our website. Last updates: lick my dirty feet slave, foot massag, wife s nylon feet, feet in nylon free, latin girl feet, feetjeans pic, japanese sexy foot, trampling asian and high heels ang legs.
Gorgeous feet foot jobs. Additional pics: feetjeans galleries, legs and feets, foot godesses and mature female soles.
Foot job mom. More clips: dirty teen feet, hot legs heels, legs video, free footjob clips and closed sandal.
Toe nails dirty. Searched with: foot job pic russia, legs sex pictures, footjob models free pics, feet job free videos and female trample a man.
Asian foot slave. Also: feets foot, feet foot photos, sniffing women s feet, beautiful female foot toe and nail toe.
Free sandals in pantyhose. Related searches: sexy indian feet movies, woman foot job and feet in the foot.
Free vids of foot job. Additional pics: girl hot leg young, black foot nude sample teen video and toes galaries.
Should you find yourself traveling through the central state heading north or south along the I-5 or 99 freeways, here are a few restaurants with easy access from both freeways with excellent food. I would gladly frequent any of these places were they in LA.
Magpie is located in the newly restored Perfection Bakery Building, near the railroad tracks and not far from Capitol Park. The interior retains the industrial feel of the old bakery building, lofty ceilings, brick walls, exposed beams. They have added huge windows for quality people watching and to tempt passers-by with both table and counter service.
Owners Janel Inouye and Ed Roehr, with backgrounds in catering and Italian cooking, offer food that focuses on seasonal ingredients, particular those native to Central and Northern California.
Appetizers. I am always tempted by charcuterie, and was excited they offer cured meats with no nitrates. Nitrates aggravate my migraines, as evidenced by the great Turkey Dog/Migraine Era of 2009.
Also exciting is their list of sides. Spending 2010 with a preoccupation on eating more healthfully with vegetables front and center in my diet I now scour every menu I come across for vegetable sides. Brussels sprouts, winter greens, asparagus...
I visited Magpie in mid-March, basically still winter. And the day's menu was stacked with comfort foods.
C ordered the penne with asparagus, mint and aged jack cheese. It was really delicious, a little more comforting that one might predict from the descriptor, but delicious and generous with the asparagus.
I ordered two sides. Creamy polenta squares above. Served with roasted red bell peppers, really wonderful, warm and substantial.They look crispier in the picture than they really are, even the outer top layer had a beautiful give to it. This would make great car food, easily eaten by hand.
Cavolo nero was the winter green of the day, cooked with balsamic vinegar and something fairly sweet. These had a lovely sweet and savory taste to them, and the bowl was huge. Great side to share.
N ordered Magpie's mac n' cheese, covered deep in crunchy roasted breadcrumbs and gorgeous thick toothsome chunks of bacon. I can picture spoon feeding this to my husband while he drives. No, I do not cut his meat for him.
You will find Ravenous in a suburban neighborhood called Greenhaven, south of downtown. One block west of the 5, exit on Pocket Road.
Ravenous is super easy to find off the 5 freeway. Located in an unlikely little mini-mall and open for lunch and dinners. We ate early on my last visit and it was packed. Every table taken by the time we left, and all but two of the bar seats occupied. The price is right. Click on the link and check out their menu.
Ravenous is a beautiful little cafe, art nouveau inspired with a lot of love and attention to detail. The above beautiful mirror sits behind a bar serving solely beer and wine.
Above is the separate nightly specials menu. I like having the specials written down, I take my time ordering and having all my choices concretely in front of my face helps me make the best choice.
Mom insisted we share this appetizer off the regular menu. Grilled Haloumi cheese, arugula, tomatoes and balsamic vinegar on baguette. An order includes four of these haloumi and baguette beauties, and oh my were they delicious. Arugula, thickly sweet balsamic, drizzled olive oil. I admit to being kind of full before my entree even arrived.
Tempted by the lamb but just having eaten lamb for Easter dinner, so I forced myself to try the duck from the main menu. The description of this is not on their website and my images of the main menu are illegible, but trust me it was great. Almost a crunchy crust on the outside of the breast and a basil aoili dripped over the veggies.
Mom, being an unrepentant red meat lover, ordered the rib eye. And I will be damned if that delicate creature didn't all but clear her plate. I think she took home a paltry 2 oz of that giant piece of beef to nibble at lunch the next day. She has a hollow limb where she stores her food for winter. Because she certainly doesn't store it on her ass. Sorry, Mom. Just saying.
The food at Ravenous is wonderful, rich and hearty. Not a place to get food to go. But if you happen to be ravenous while driving south of downtown Sacramento, stop in for a leisurely and well deserved meal. I don't want to forget to mention that Ravenous offers mussels cooked three ways: with ginger, tomato & basil, paprika, sherry and cream, and also sauteed with shallots, parsley and white wine. All 12.95.
One Speed is located in east Sacramento just east of the 99 freeway and a couple blocks north of the 50.
One Speed is a casual cafe with a nice bar in an older Sacramento neighborhood, next door to a small hardware store and across the street from a likely little dive bar. You know the kind of neighborhood. It might remind you a little of Mayberry.
We convinced everyone to meet us for Sunday brunch before we left town. Check out the link for their more travel worthy lunch options.
There were so many delicious items on the menu it was hard to choose. One Speed is the more casual cafe of Chef Rick Mahan, owner and chef of my favorite downtown Sacramento restaurant, The Waterboy. The focus at One Speed is on local ingredients and artisan pizza.
More menu items for your perusal. Nothing I saw at brunch could really be eaten on the road, but lots of lunch items could, and certainly one of their pizzas with hand tossed thin crust would be a wonderful departure from fast food or gas station foraging.
Both D and I ordered poached eggs with corned beef hash, and it was like no corned beef hash I have ever had. The baby potatoes were roasted and the corned beef cut into long sliver-chunks, mixed with julienned bells peppers and onions, topped with a little sage butter sauce. I broke open my eggs and let the yolk soak through the potatoes and corned beef.
Sue had French toast and bacon. I stole bites from her plate when she was looking away and she didn't even slap my hands.
Mom ate gnocci carbonara. Applewood smoked bacon, parmesan cheese, sauteed spinach and sage. This was incredible. Definitely a destination dish.
I love eating in Sacramento. My people know good food, and there is nothing lacking in the Sacramento culinary scene. Another thing I always notice about dining in Sac is the quality of wine lists even at the simplest cafes. I assume proximity to both the Napa & Sonoma wine regions as well the lovely Sangiovese-heavy Amador county wine country influences this. Eating and drinking in Sac always makes me a happy girl, if sometimes a little overfed.
Hot on the heels of this LA Times article, monikering food bloggers and photo snapping foodies as "food paparazzi" and not flatteringly so, a local kABC reporter contacted my friend and food blogging peer Linden of Gastronomnom.com about a follow up piece.
Apparently producers at kABC saw a chance to further explore the now common dynamic of people shooting their food while dining, fine and otherwise. The spot would give Linden, food blogger about town, the opportunity to rebut the unflattering and ill written article, as well as offer his own spin on food blogging.
Linden contacted his friend Felicia and me to be his dining companions for the shoot, in addition to A his lovely other half. We pm'd via both Facebook and Twitter, discussing where we should take both our food dollars and the ensuing media exposure. All three of us were in 100% agreement on Petrossian. The food is delicious and photogenic, the lighting is soft and amenable to great snaps, and more importantly Chef Ben Bailly is openly welcoming, generous and grateful to the food blogging community. Jo from My Last Bite gushes about his welcoming personality and delicious food. C from Gastronomy enjoys a group dinner and so does the Kung Food Panda, both during DineLA. I hit it here, back in February of this year. Our foursome arranges ourselves at one of the front high and long tables as soon as Aaron the young reporter and his cameraman arrive. We eat, they film, and the video is shown on the 11 o'clock news.
To be accommodating, I snap away while the camera is rolling. You can see the light coming from behind the camera is not optimal for great food shots. I delete the majority of these shots and quickly take better pics when the reporter and cameraman are taking little breaks.
Our first course is off the menu. Caviar surprise...the surprise is layered under the caviar. Chunks of king crab in an apple cider jelly. The play of the sweet against the salty/fishy caviar was delicious, the jelly kept the dish light. Both pairs of eaters on either side of the table shared a tin of this and it was still a monstrous portion. We spooned this onto blinis and toast points, and made Aaron and the cameraman eat with us.
I don't really think you can lose with the classic combination of salmon and caviar. I would come back just for this dish, it's definitely destination-dish worthy.
Linden and Aaron the reporter. I liked Aaron, he was game to sample foods he had never tried before (never had caviar to his recollection). He was super professional, and his questions were respectful and friendly. He and the cameraman made me feel extremely at ease despite my initial fears that this piece would further reinforce the negative "food paparazzi" stereotype from the initial LATimes article.
See Chef Bailly plating the next course. Chef Bailly, like Aaron the reporter, is young. He is so fresh faced I didn't realize he was the chef until introduced to him. Also in the dining room that night were Chef Walter Manzke with a couple dining companions. Petrossian, obviously a place where chefs go when they're not cooking for themselves or behind a stove for someone else.
Crispy egg over onion soubide (a veloute type soup, in feel anyway), pressed caviar, with chunks of salmon in the soubide. Our friend D ordered this from the DineLA menu on my last trip and wasn't that thrilled with it. To quote, "the sum is no better than its parts". I really liked this though and would order it again.
I have no clue how he does this, how the egg manages to retain structural integrity as Chef Bailly coats the egg in panko breadcrumbs then fries delicately enough that the white is cooked solid and the yolk is beautifully runny but not raw.
Felicia. I am loving her blog, The Food Ledger. I like the format, all the pics both in the post and at the end, and just the general sleekness. Makes me consider rethinking the look of FST.
Skate, brown butter foam, crushed potatoes, sherry vinegar gelatin. I am in love with this dish. Again, not from the menu. Chef Bailly knew we were coming in, Linden arranged a 6-course "tasting" menu ahead of time so we didn't even look at the menu. This was so not a tasting menu. It was 6 courses of full sized dishes.
The sherry vinegar gelatin was intensely flavored. The pop in my mouth was such a crazy concentrated vinegar flavor that I wanted to eat them all separate from the rest of the dish just to get to experience that initial blast over and over. However, paired with the skate with brown butter foam they gave a luscious and mild flavored dish the perfect amount of zest.
By now, I am absolutely stuffed. Can't eat another thin mint. And Chef Bailly sends out sweetbreads to die for. Lightly breaded, just the right size to really say offal on a bed of spinach with mitake mushrooms. Sadly, I could only stuff one down. Loved.
Gianduja parfait, hazelnut biscuit, vanilla mascarpone. Things that make you go, "hmm". Gianduja is a chocolate containing 30% hazelnut paste, and this was very hazelnutty. It was good but didn't rock my world.
Pistachio crème brulée, macerated strawberry, hibiscus. This one was the most beautiful. Would it be weird to say that I thought this would be my favorite because my favorite flavor at Yogurtland is pistachio? Would it out me as a frozen yogurt lemming? This was gorgeous but not my favorite.
This one had everyone going back for seconds and thirds. Vanilla panna cotta, mangoes, pop rocks. Yes, real 1980's Pop Rocks on top of the gorgeous panna cotta that so thrilled me last time I was at Petrossian.
The only qualification I will make about my own performance is that in an effort not to say the dreaded, "um", or "like", I instead say "and" three times in about 4 seconds. Le sigh. I was nervous!
Tuesday April 13th was a momentous day for my friend K and me. As we drove through traffic, her from Corona and me just a couple miles away in Echo Park driving through Dodger opening day madness, our good friend C was finally giving birth to her new son. Welcome Baby C and happy birthday!
K and I love to eat and cook together, kinda in that order. She has been reading my blog posts about Ludobites since last year and this time made it up to see for herself. I was late (I am always late to Ludobites, whether it's the bus or Dodger traffic, it's a curse) and K had the Brie Napoleon waiting for me when I fell through the front door and made it to the table.
I am drinking water these days, I am sure it's only temporary. I gotta share with you. I don't feel much better in the morning when I have water with dinner instead of wine. WTF? Am I getting old? Is it really this painful to wake up without drinking booze the night before? I can't remember because it's been so long since I haven't had at least one nightly glass of wine with my supper. If I am going to feel like I was run over by a Mini Cooper in the morning without drinking wine, I am unsure why I am suddenly and unceremoniously on the wagon.
This is what was waiting for me when I got the the table. Thank you, K. What the Hades is a chantilly, I thought this morning writing this post instead of taking the dog for a run. CDKitchen tells me a chantilly is the name for a sweetened cream flavored with vanilla, which is why I see the term so often applied to desserts. However, it can also be used to describe sauces that have whipped cream folded into them which is how I think it is applied here. The large blop of brie on my crouton was lighter than plain softened brie. Slightly cooler than room temperature, with a flavor a little milder than whole brie. Frisee salad is a pretty afterthought tastewise, and I adored both the honeycomb and the thick reduced balsamic with my chantilly. This could easily serve four as the dollop of brie chantilly is very generous, it took me maybe four bites to eat.
K pulls apart a baguette and I eye the lavender/honey butter with longing eyes. This butter is beautiful and a redo from Ludobites before. When Ludo & Krissy put up a permanent Ludobites sign somewhere I hope this butter is a permanent fixture. K says it is like eating a spa...spas often smell of lavender from the front desk to the showers. I say it's a little like eating the spa, but yummier. Spas don't have butter.
This is a nice dish. It's hard from this snap to see the smoked mayo on the other side of the potatoes and apple chunks, but it is pretty generous, and it was delicious with both the potato and pork. K and I got to watch Ludo make mayo by hand with a whisk at Sur La Table cooking with Marcel V, scroll down toward the bottom of the post for the money shot. I wish I had the guns to make mayo by hand. The apples and potato were simple here. Apple raw, potato boiled, both undressed. It was fun to dress all the pieces ourselves choosing between a little pork, a little mayo, a little balsamic. I admit to swiping the plate free of balsamic and licking my fingers, as did K. We are gross like that.
While we ate this dish, Krissy sidled over and asked if what we thought. I thought it was delightful. The foie filet would have been too big for me to eat alone, so I am glad I was there with K instead of D. And the stuff accompanying the much speculated about "pina colada" was delicious and fun. The foie was perfection. Let's discuss what the other stuff on the plate was.
Front, middle bottom. Rum gelatin. The texture reminded me a little of the jelly fish I had at a Korean place recently. It was simply made by cutting gelatin sheets into thin strips and soaking in rum. Beautiful. In the middle, in white, a coconut ice cream-like substance. And at the rear the pineapple component, a pineapple creme. It sounds like a totally weird combination. A couple people on Twitter pm'd me asking about it. I loved it and here's why; my favorite foie dish was years ago at Alize, chef Andre Rochat's restaurant at the top of the Palms in Vegas. Seared foie gras with apricots, I think a classic preparation with foie, the sticky sweet fruit. Texturally, the apricots and the foie are not dissimilar however I love the pairing of the sweet and savory. In this "pina colada" the textures are completely different, but still have that savory sweet thing going on. The boozey rum, creamy coconut and pineapple pop play really nicely against the strong flavor of the foie.
Krissy shared with me that Ludo used to serve this dish at Bastide during his reign there as Chef. Apparently, SIV was not in love with it and gave it a good lashing with her pen. Welp, SIV, sometimes I agree with you (many times I do not) but here we fervently depart. This is classic Ludo. Frivolous and fun, but grounded in something that made a lot of sense for what is happening in my mouth. I am not the restaurant critic of the LATimes but in food, like in art, I know what I like. And it doesn't have to match the couch or the curtains.
Totally unrelated, a really cool blog post by Candian Foodie about making foie gras torchon. It's anatomically graphic, reader be warned. What's up with the stuffed animal?
Community. I have talked about Ludo's inclusive nature in other posts about his food. Krissy and Ludo really pay attention to the twtterverse and their following, even bringing them into their home, their kitchen and the front of the house. It is so appreciated. Last night, Matt from mattatouille (one of my favorite blogs, and the guy who helped me decide what photog equipment was right for me when buying DSLR) was waiting tables. Holly from the Michelin Project and this FST blog post was in the kitchen! Holly is doing an internship alongside Ludo for the entire two month run at Gram & Papa's.
We were getting kind of full by now, but this lamb was delicious. All the elements worked together very harmoniously. I nommed on the more well done bits on the outside with the umami yumminess from the roasting and salt and seasonings on the very outside of the flesh, while K carved from the more rare middle area. I dipped my bites first in a little goat cheese, then in the mint sauce and followed each bite with the mousseline. Delcious. The smoked eel was fun on the plate but I missed the connection somehow.
This was my favorite dish of the night, hands down. A perfect dish for someone who wants something rich but is watching their carb intake (which we all agree is a totally unhealthy way to lose weight, mm'kay?). Squid were perfectly cooked ringlets and loops, in a cheesy bath with parm sprinkled throughout, huge chunks of thick pancetta and one beautiful slow poached egg. I definitely want this again and if Ludo ain't serving it at the end of May I am staging a coup du cafe. A coup, I tell you. Watch K toss the carbonara.
We were seated against the back wall, which one might think would be a bad table. But we had a 100% unfettered view of the front kitchen peppered with lots of conversation from Matt visiting the computer and Krissy visiting the kitchen with several hellos and ca-vas from Ludo. There was culinary royalty in the house, and while I am not mentioning names, their kid was practically sitting in my lap. He was tossing up chunks of bread and catching them in his mouth and I swear one almost landed in my hair. Good thing he was cute. :-D
And at last, something K had been eyeing since she walked in the door. Dessert! I knew she looked at the dessert list before the main menu....I knew it! She does naughty things with dessert.
This souffle is a giant cocoa covered light textured eggy and chocolate ramekin filled tub of deliciousness. So light and beautiful, it practically floated to our table. I would come back and order this again in a heartbeat if it weren't for the fact that...
when I return I will be asking for a bowl of the black pepper ice cream made with cognac. ZOMG. Scoops has nothing on this ice cream churner.
During dinner, K asked me, what is the deal with Ludobites? Do you just love everything he throws down? Now, you have to know K. She is incredibly inquisitive and sometimes asks what people consider rude questions. Like the time she asked Marcel some very pointed questions about his, a'hem, assistant at that cooking demo. Um, I blushed. But she's fearless and she just wants to know. I answered her this way. No, I don't love everything that Ludo makes, but I like it all. I love trying everything on the menu. Whimsy comes out of his kitchen. You never know what is going to appear on the plate labeled, "Steak au Poivre, Shallots, Polenta Bone Marrow, White Asparagus". I can guarantee you it won't be the same steak au poivre you expect at Church & State or Cafe Stella. There will be nothing on the menu I have even a thin hope of recreating at home. And there is community, always someone you know eating there and usually someone you know in the back of the house. Last, there is anticipation. Ludo & Krissy will close the doors late May only to open them again...who knows when? And by the time late-June comes, everyone will be dying to go again.
This is a Flickr badge showing public photos and videos from foodshethought. Make your own badge here.
Great restaurants are, of course, nothing but mouth-brothels. There is no point in going to them if one intends to keep one's belt buckled. ~Frederic Raphael
Cod liver oil contains more Vitamin D than 63% of the foods. 100 grams of Cod liver oil contains 2500% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Mackerel contains more Vitamin D than 63% of the foods. 100 grams of Mackerel contains 252% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Rainbow trout contains more Vitamin D than 63% of the foods. 100 grams of Rainbow trout contains 159% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
True morels contains more Vitamin D than 61% of the foods. 100 grams of True morels contains 51% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Sardine contains more Vitamin D than 61% of the foods. 100 grams of Sardine contains 48% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Caviar contains more Vitamin D than 59% of the foods. 100 grams of Caviar contains 29% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Egg contains more Vitamin D than 59% of the foods. 100 grams of Egg contains 22% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Pork contains more Vitamin D than 58% of the foods. 100 grams of Pork contains 13% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Milk contains more Vitamin D than 57% of the foods. 100 grams of Milk contains 12% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Ham contains more Vitamin D than 54% of the foods. 100 grams of Ham contains 8% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Cheese contains more Vitamin D than 53% of the foods. 100 grams of Cheese contains 6% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Romano cheese contains more Vitamin D than 52% of the foods. 100 grams of Romano cheese contains 5% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Port Salut contains more Vitamin D than 52% of the foods. 100 grams of Port Salut contains 5% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Parmigiano-Reggiano contains more Vitamin D than 51% of the foods. 100 grams of Parmigiano-Reggiano contains 4% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Turkey meat contains more Vitamin D than 51% of the foods. 100 grams of Turkey meat contains 4% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Shiitake contains more Vitamin D than 51% of the foods. 100 grams of Shiitake contains 4% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Mozzarella contains more Vitamin D than 50% of the foods. 100 grams of Mozzarella contains 3% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Mayonnaise contains more Vitamin D than 47% of the foods. 100 grams of Mayonnaise contains 2% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Frog legs contains more Vitamin D than 47% of the foods. 100 grams of Frog legs contains 2% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Edible mushroom contains more Vitamin D than 47% of the foods. 100 grams of Edible mushroom contains 2% of the Vitamin D that you need to consume daily.
Cardiff did extraordinarily well to win promotion to the Premier League last season from the Championship. More...
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola is reportedly considering making a 60million bid for Ruben Neves in January. More...
Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson has given his predictions of the matches in the Premier League on Sunday. More...
Belgian playmaker Eden Hazard has ruled out leaving Chelsea, despite the Spanish transfer window still being open. More...
Tottenham moving into their new stadium has been slightly delayed by safety concerns, so Spurs will continue to play their home games at Wembley, including Saturdays clash with Fulham. More...
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is expecting that players could leave the club before the European transfer deadline. More...
Wilfried Zaha has signed a contract extension with Crystal Palace that will keep him at the club until the summer of 2023. More...
Brazilian midfielder Fabinho has said he is ready to fight for his place in the Liverpool line-up. More...
Barcelona director Ariedo Braida has ruled out a move for Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba. More...
Gary Neville has warned Arsenal that manager Unai Emery will need four transfer windows to make things right at the Emirates. More...
Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson has given his predictions of the matches in the Premier League on Saturday. More...
Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson has given his prediction of the clash between Manchester United and Leicester. More...
From the Farewell Boleyn 1904 - 2016 Commemorative Collection, an exclusive collection of pieces created to commemorate the 112 years at the Boleyn Ground.
As there has been any major concerns about the draft version of the server rules, I now feel it's time to properly post them. In the final version I've included a definition about team stacking, cos I few people were having problem interpreting this form of cheating.
1) Admin Tags - All clan server admins must wear one of the following clan tags at all times when on the clan server, (unless instructed not to do so by one of the senior admin). There are two level of admin and each type can be identified by their clan tag:
Adding any of these tags to your username, if you are NOT an admin to the server is not allowed. No excuses. Full list of all the server admin forum right here.
2) Obey the admins at all times - If you disobey an admin request, or are otherwise belligerent to them, expect to be kicked and/or banned. If you feel an admin or admins are abusing his/her/their powers, or wish to appeal against a band then email evidence to me at 8underworld@gmail.com or post it onto are forum under the admin section.
3) Don’t cheat - Using or promoting ANY cheats/ plug-ins / hooks /altered graphic card drivers to give you an advantage over any normal game install is not allowed and will result in a lengthy ban.
4) Keep the teams fair - Don’t team stack with other admin, clanmates or friends. Stacking involves altering game settings or team lineups to give one teams an unfair advantage over the other e.g. arranging a team composed of skilled or known players against a team with members of lesser skill. This is a public server, and we admins strive to make it fair, fun and enjoyable for all who join and play with us. We take a very hard-line and dim view on team stacking.
If you are a good player and your team is owning the other team after a few rounds, then be a sport and switch teams. If you are asked to switch by an admin, expect to be kicked if you refuse. If you break this rule constantly, expect to be permanently banned.
5) No offensive behaviour - Use your best judgement at all times. Don’t speak to anyone in an abusive manner, or with offensive language, in your username, team speak or messages.
The use of constant offensive language, (after a warning from the admin/s), will result in a fine of £5 donated to the clan server. Not paying the fine within 14 days will result in a ban from the server.
6) Be respectful to everyone - Please respect and be thoughtful to everyone on the server, even if someone is being an @ss, then the admin will deal with them. Please exercise restraint and do not engage in flame wars with them. (You are allowed, however, to make rude facial expressions and socially unacceptable hand gestures as you blow them up with a load of sticky bombs).
The rule of thumb is you should try and remain as polite as possible at all times on the servers and if you are in the 8U clan and are wearing the clan tag, then you are representing the clan and your bad behaviour will reflect badly onto us all.
7) Complete the objectives - Help your team. If you're not defending your last control point, or not attacking the enemy's, then you're not helping the team. Your team also probably doesn't need five snipers, (unless the admin call for it!). Nor probably 5 engineers building sentries at your spawn if it's your team's turn to attack. Griefing is not allowed.
8 ) No offensive sprays - Pornographic, racist or discrimination sprays are not allowed on our server, using such a spray after a warning will result in being kicked & banned.
9) Spamming - Do not spam ANY chat channels with repetitive text, music, or excessive and irrelevant communication (voice, team chat, global chat, Rickrolling etc.). Do not use your microphone to share your most strange musical tastes with other players. If you are excessively annoying and you have people complaining, you will be neutered and muted. That’s right neutered my friend!
10) Let the admins play - If we’re online and playing, it’s because we want to play the game, not babysit. If you have any issues then please go to the forum first, before coming to us because there will be a section/topic there somewhere which will deal with your concerns, problems or ideas.
If someone is actively cheating or breaking the server rules, and there's no other admin around deal with the matter, then it’s appropriate to bring it to our attention at once. Otherwise, please let us play.
If you are caught wasting an admin’s time intentionally, or continually calling an admin to investigate players on a server, which prove to be nothing more than a better skilled player, the admin team reserve the right to take action against such a person.
11) Do not abuse Admin – The admins are human, not machines, therefore we are not infallible. Where mistakes are made, we’ll work hard to rectify them, but we will not tolerate any abuse or harassment aimed at any member of the admin team and we will always take action against any player/s that abuses any of them.
Clarifying the use of spawn camping - Spawn camping isn’t really much of a big deal in TF2, it’s not hard to shoot stickies out of the way or build up an uber. On our server it is a legitimate tactic and it’s not that easy to lock down an opponents spawn particular in a large game.
Any violation of the above will result in a penalty or sanction as preferred by the admin. Most infractions will result in a 24 hour ban. A repetition will escalate the penalty to a one week and then permanent ban. Personal threats and truly egregious violations can be upgraded if approved by a senior admin.
Warning!: It is the prerogative of the admin on call to assign warnings rather than moving straight to penalties.
Two months have passed and Gordon and Ellie are setting out on their trip. They arrive at the bus stop to catch a bus from Los Angeles to Las Vegas.
Reduce repossession of a car or truck or other residence, or drive the creditor to return home even right after it has been repossessed.
Will you be having difficulties with personal debt and sensation overwhelmed? Discuss with an area lawyer and obtain a cost-free case assessment.
A residence owner can stop a foreclosure system if she or he pays off the bank loan and the entire lender’s foreclosure fees and prices.
When you are experiencing a foreclosure, automobile repossession, wage garnishment or other economic disaster, Chapter thirteen bankruptcy generally is a wonderful Software to stop the chaos. As the type of bankruptcy that includes a repayment approach, Chapter 13 can empower you to cut back your month to month payments, remove accruing curiosity on bank card debt, minimize your overall indebtedness – all while shielding your authentic and personal assets from creditor steps.
This could certainly range from home finance loan guidance packages, point out govt mandated mediation solutions and other available choices that can help them help save their dwelling.
By making use of This web site you signify your arrangement into the Phrases of Use. If you do not conform to the Conditions of Use, usually do not use this site.
Chapter thirteen bankruptcy is an “assetprotection” Chapter, which suggests you are able to preserve around-exempt property and however file for bankruptcy reduction as long as you can manage your month-to-month repayment plan quantity.
Inside of a chapter thirteen circumstance you file a “system” exhibiting the way you will pay off some of your earlier-thanks and recent debts above three to 5 years. The key factor about a chapter 13 scenario is usually that it will enable you to retain worthwhile home–In particular your property and automobile–which could if not be misplaced, if click to read more you can make the payments which the bankruptcy regulation demands to be manufactured towards Visit Website your creditors.
Substantive defenses are the most beneficial lawful way that a residence holder can stop a foreclosure. Substantive defenses go to the conditions with the mortgage alone. Here are some samples of substantive defenses for the foreclosure procedure:
I’m not selected with the fulfillment of mortgages that were filed on behalf of MERS how good those are and I'm not specified how great title to assets is that men and women purchased at these foreclosure revenue if it turns or gets to be set up that MERS was in fact not simply not the correct celebration but misrepresented By means of their pleadings and affidavits which they held a little something they didn’t own, so I’m not specific of the implications but it seems huge.”
In Austria, over fifty percent of all potential bankruptcy proceedings in 2004 were not opened, because of inadequate funding.
The lawyer or law company you might be contacting is not needed to, and may select never to, accept you like a shopper. The online market place is just not essentially safe and emails despatched via this site can be intercepted or examine by third functions.
Submitting for bankruptcy ought to try this site be your last resort. Most homeowners who declare bankruptcy find yourself dropping their dwelling to foreclosure anyway and may end up with the bankruptcy and foreclosure on their credit history report.
The period of time a foreclosure course of action will take could vary considerably. State rules plus the home finance loan holder’s enthusiasm are two major factors. In many conditions, the foreclosure method will start off 3 to 6 months when they’ve missed their initial payment.
By admin On April 3, 2018 April 3, 2018 In cheap divorce lawyers Tagged Cheap Divorce Lawyers Near Me, How to Find Good Cheap Divorce Lawyers near Me Leave a comment
Like and sub ______×______×______×______×______ ○ I thank you very much ○ To those of you who have watched this video, who has seen my youtube ...
Related study of employability of hotel and restaurant management Term paper Academic Service determpaperjpep.blogdasilvana.info
9 chapter 2 review of related literature and studies this chapter presents the related literature and studies after the thorough and in-depth search done by the researchers the present topic which is “a tracer study on the employment status of ab journalism graduates batches 2009-2012 mcintosh restaurant and institutional management. Program overview the bachelor of science in hotel and restaurant management (bshrm) program is geared towards equipping students with the necessary knowledge, skills and attitude to provide quality service in the hospitality industry. A certificate in hotel management gives the graduate an opportunity to work in hotels, resorts, and entertainment venues this program could prepare the graduate for many entry-level jobs read this article for more information on what you'll learn in a hotel management certificate program schools. At least a 4-year hospitality degree or successful completion a hospitality management diploma and current employment as a general manager or owner/operator information from the restaurant and room service in one computer system d none of the above hotel management sample assessment questions. Earn your business degree with a hospitality management degree specialization to grow your knowledge and prepare to oversee everyday operations of resorts, gaming venues, and banquet facilities, or to manage specialty event-planning departments of schools, healthcare technology organizations, and businesses.
Employment of food service managers is projected to grow 9 percent from 2016 to 2026, about as fast as the average for all occupations those with several years of work experience in food service and a degree in hospitality, restaurant, or food service management will have the best job opportunities. The majority of hotel and restaurant employees are satisfied with their current employment conditions b more than 40 percent of hotel and restaurant employees work less than thirty-five hours per week c. Degrees in hospitality management may also give you the skills to work a human resources manager for a variety of businesses in the hospitality field including restaurants, hotels, casinos and spas a human resource manager is responsible for all duties revolving around employees. The travel, hotel and tourism sector is booming and offers you a career path that literally spans the globe hospitality and tourism management jobs can be found in hotels, resorts, spas, cruise ships, conference and event centers, tourist attractions and country clubs.
Cheng, xu, management research in the hospitality and tourism industry (2010)unlv theses, dissertations, professional papers, and changing direction of scholarly studies on knowledge management the context of this carry out a content analysis of the related literature between 2006 and 2010 (the. Schools offering hotel & restaurant management degrees can also be found in these popular choices job description with an education and training in hotel management, you'd be prepared for a career as a lodging manager. Students who want to earn a diploma in catering and hotel management study a variety of subjects related to the hospitality and lodging industries read on to find out more about the topics and courses taught in these diploma programs schools offering hotel & restaurant management degrees can also. Hotel management requires excellent people management skills and a calm, professional, approachable manner in the role of hotel manager, you'll be responsible for the day-to-day management of a hotel and its staff.
Lodging managers usually take one of three education paths: a bachelor’s degree in hospitality or hotel management, an associate’s degree or a certificate in hotel management, or a high school diploma combined with several years of experience working in a hotel. The primary objective of this course restaurant management, is to introduce you to the latest trends and strategies in the hospitality sector, through the knowledge of the use of new tools restaurant management, innovative products, technical human, commercial management and financial company. Study ba (hons) professional culinary management and become one of the 'most employable' graduates in the uk enquire about this course or visit us at an open day. Training methods and topics for hospitality employees with disabilities: managers' attitudes and perceived knowledge foodservice and lodging management program of study committee: susan w arendt, major professor jacobus lempers hotel and restaurant managers mean ratings for attitudes towards people with.
A bachelor's program in hotel and restaurant management includes lecture-based classes and hands-on activities in purchasing, personnel oversight, menu management and related topics. The key findings of the national employability study for hotel management graduates are: the percentage of hotel management candidates those are directly hirable for a hospitality job after. Hotel and restaurant management is an exciting, yet challenging, field that demands professional skills, and these are precisely what you will learn in our hotel management course when you graduate, you should be ready to take your first step in the real world. Rebranded image of fine-dining restaurant to reverse a 5-year sales downturn worked with executive chef to devise new menu and revamped marketing strategy, triggering 55% sales growth, rave media reviews and a 200% increase in repeat business by local (non-hotel) guests.
Dear readers, welcome to hotel management interview questions with answers and explanation these 25 solved hotel management questions will help you prepare for the interview conducted during the selection of freshers at campus placement or job interviews of professional. The benefits and challenges hospitality management students experience by working in donald g, the benefits and challenges hospitality management students experience by working in conjunction with completing their studies (2013) current employment and interview experiences of graduates 96. Search thousands of hotel, restaurant, and resort jobs on hospitality online, the largest hospitality careers site in the world. A list of universities and colleges offering hotel & restaurant management courses in the philippines whenever possible we provide full details about the courses in each of the schools, including tuition fees, admission requirements, course description and the admission phone number.
Employability skills and students’ self-perceived competence for careers in the hospitality industry _____ a dissertation presented to the faculty of the graduate school james groves, phd, hotel & restaurant management this descriptive correlational study employs employability skills instrument to. Numerous restaurant and hotel chains originated in the u s and have expanded worldwide additionally, the u s hospitality schools are the best in the world only a very few of the top ten hospitality programs are located elsewhere. Employment prospects will be best at smaller hotels, which see fewer competitors for management openings managers with a four-year degree in hotel management will have the best shot at jobs, especially inside luxury hotels.
This study will include the bachelor of science in hotel and restaurant management students of university of cebu – main, banilad, and lapu-lapu and mandaue campuses who are about to be deployed in the on-the-job training program that these students will be the research subjects. The success of this hotel allowed our hotel management company to leverage our relationship with the owner to earn the management contract of an additional assets view all case studies case study 3.
Enjoy pool companies okc x round semi pools galaxy home recreation l broken arrow. This image pool companies okc x round semi pools galaxy home recreation l broken arrow has been published by author in steves pool service okc, pool repair okc, swimming pool companies oklahoma city at detoxic.online May 30, 2018, 11:22 am. You can easily explore pool companies okc or more useful articles steves pool service okc, pool repair okc, swimming pool companies oklahoma city in outdoor decorating ideas group.
More essay examples on cinema rubric this is shown numerous times in edward scissor hands, charlie and the chocolate factory, and corpse bride this technique is most often used in what's believed to be burton's most personal film, edward scissor hands. For instance, tim burton in corpse bride and edward scissor hands uses lighting and sound to establish both dull and exciting moods in both films tim burton uses light in a very special way in both corpse bride and edward scissor hands. When a shy groom practices his wedding vows in the inadvertent presence of a deceased young woman, she rises from the grave assuming he has married her. In the corpse bride, burton uses the diegetic sounds of victor's vows to also foreshadow the upcoming events with the corpse bride later on in that scene he used the cracking sound of the hand of emily to show that she was now alive.
In corpse bride to again allow the audience into the character's head when victor is running form the bride, burton controls and changes the mood of the movie by using music when we first see the bride. The movie the corpse bride is another film produced by tim burton that a character is placed in unfamiliar habitat you could tell by the camera angles, lighting, and sound that victor did not belong in the land of the dead. Tim burton creates a twisted and daunting tone in both movies by using the technique non-diegetic sound in charlie and the chocolate factory, burton uses eerie and majestic music as the contestants are walking into the room of candy.
In corpse bride when victor finds victoria the lighting is dark throughot the whole movie it is dark , because they are dead eye line match is common in alot of burton movies for example in edward scissor hands whenever edward sees jim he gets very angry and mad. In the corpse bride tim burton uses non-diegetic sound a lot like when victor is in the woods practicing his vows there is quiet, slow music when emily comes back from the dead victor runs and in the back there is loud fast paced suspenseful music. Tim burton is a master auteur whose illustrious cinematic career has spanned diverse genres and forms he is also an artist, who is incessantly painting, photographing, drawing and.
Burton uses color in the movie corpse bride to create mood at the beginning of the movie, when we see the land of the living, everything is gray and colorless. The corpse bride- on the outside, although this film is viewed as a gothic movie, contrary to popular belief, it is because of the superlative annexation of stop motion, close up shots, and montage sequences, that overall make this film contain a certain depth to its story/plot, with characters who actually possess human emotions and traits. Tim burton is a man very well known in the filmmaking industry burton uses distinctive elements of film in edward scissorhands (1994) ed wood (1994), sleepy hollow (1999) big fish (2003) corpse bride (2005) and sweeny todd (2007.
Sound: in film, there are three basic categories of sound that contribute to the overall theme and mood: dialogue, sound effects, and music sound is an essential component to how the audience interprets films, and even in the days of 'silent films,' music was incorporated to aid the audience in deciphering the intended mood (goodykoontz. Please respond the following questions in regards to story elements that include an exploration in terms of character, setting, structure of timing, point of view( pov), themes and issues, cause and effect, opening and closure, camera work, lighting, sound, performance, and editing.
Corpse bride when victor is walking through the forest, repeating his vows over and over again, the low key lighting creates many burton uses non-diegetic sound.
the similarities and differences between the characters of rukmani in nectar and shakuntala in water
Believe it or not, self-esteem has a big impact on anyone’s life because low self-esteem can do more harm than good. Your teeth however plays a significant role in boosting the level of self-esteem you have which is why it is highly recommended by many to pay a visit to an orthodontist on a regular basis. It is essential that our teeth are in good shape at all times and in case that you haven’t achieve such, no worries as your orthodontist has the fix for it.
For sure, you may be wondering on what this dental professional really does. Truth is, they are the one who are treating irregularities in the jaws and teeth and in some cases, it might include procedures like alignment.
You will not be experiencing stress or pain with your teeth when visiting such tooth specialist either because sometimes, it is only about aesthetics. Orthodontics can also work on the aesthetics of your teeth and smile and make your life happier since the placement of your teeth on jaw bones affect the way our smile goes. Orthodontics has plenty of benefits to offer than what you can imagine and some of these include:
Number 1. Improve your physical appearance – this is actually an important aspect, given the fact that many people today dwell on this. Most especially in this contemporary time to which attractive physical appearance is becoming the standard of beauty, being able to have a good set of teeth can go a long way in improving your looks.
Number 2. Boost your self-esteem – well, this goes hand in hand with the way you look because simply knowing that you look good is enough to give high self-esteem as well as sense of control.
Number 3. Reduce the odds of dealing with oral problems – oral problems can be caused by a number of different things like the foods you eat, the placement of teeth in your mouth and the likes. In case that your teeth are placed in a way that they’re crowded, you might not be able to properly clean them as there are some areas that you might not be able to reach. And if this sort of thing happens, it can be the root cause of decay due to dirt.
In other words, you must not think of taking care of your teeth as another job instead, it has to be something you must do. Now if your teeth aren’t in great condition, you shouldn’t hesitate to visit an orthodontist. With the help of such professional they will be checking your teeth, tell you the problems that it has and then suggest on what possible solutions is best for it.
Save trees, save life is not only a slogan, it is a responsibility which should be followed by each and every person living on the earth it is a big opportunity to all of us to save our healthy environment and green earth by saving trees. This essay on global warming needs to look at the causes of the problem global warming is caused by an acute heating of the earth’s atmosphere as a result of energy being trapped greenhouse gasses such as carbon dioxide and methane can cause the atmosphere to build up, leading to solar radiation becoming trapped within the earth like within. Deepgreenresistancenewyork july 28, 2013 at 12:14 pm well, it’s also important to remember that while population is a problem, it is a secondary problem at best – resource consumption and the failure to accept limits being larger, primary problems. 100 great save trees slogans, quotes and posters posted in: environment slogans and sayings and do what we can to conserve and preserve by everyone making little changes, together it can have a big impact give mother earth back her power, lets go green starting this hour save trees essay.
Save the earth save earth, save lifestop global warming the group of young and and socially concerned citizens have got together to begin the mission of saving earth, saving human life of generations ahead by contributing to reduce the global warming global warming is not a small or localized environmental problem the effects and consequences could be horrific. Save water save life water covers 71% of the earth's surface, and is vital for all known forms of life on earth, it is found mostly in oceans and other large water bodies, with 16% of water below ground in aquifers and 0001% in the air as vapor, clouds (formed of solid and liquid water particles suspended in air), and precipitation. Write an article on ' save your planet earth' english 011-40705070 or call me upgrade cbse class 10 a landfill is a big divot dug out of the earth for garbage disposal all the save earth essay are written very simply so, you can select any essay according to your need and requirement:.
Why is earth important as the only known planet that is habitable for human beings, the earth’s importance is self-evident every living organism known to science obtains all of its resources from earth, and has very few other options available. Ahead of a major report on 'geo-engineering' we reveal the six big ideas that could change the face of the earth robin mckie and juliette jowit sat 6 oct 2007 1920 edt first published on sat 6. Essay on go green save future categories: earth, global warming, green, nature, pollution by clay why should we take efforts now in order to save earth in future very few people understand that it is important to change their lifestyle now in order to see the results of these changes in a few decades this short essay on such a. Save the earth & world clean simple isolated sad baby earth vector & wounded with a cartoon band aid & plaster modern cute and sweet character globe & planet icon ice cream earth melts - global warming 3d concept. Clean the earth march 25, 2013 one important way we can save the planet is by recycling by recycling, we can reuse our planets resources and begin to transform it into what it once was.
The type of business, economic, government, and legal influences are major contributors to the business environment, riordan manufacturing, huffman trucking, kudler fine foods, mcbride financial services, the elias group, and smith systems are business that are affecting by those influences. Business essay topic water save life planet earth essay zimmer business essay outline research argument travel to egypt essay zoo successful experience essay failures a wild animal essay national my academic plan essay future family essay about malaysia leadership experience what is critical essay writing psychology essay about. So, in honor of earth day (which should really be every day), we think it's high time we find a few ways we can attempt to reduce our waste and our out-of-control use of resources.
Recycling to preserve our environment essay our natural resources are slowly disappearing, and we must work together to save them and the earth from ruin recycling is important in the effort to preserve our environment for future generations you can make a big contribution and save our environment find out how you can do your bit. Friends of the earth has long campaigned for increased recycling and more recently for law for example, if you recycle waste paper you save three times as much energy as is produced business, manufacturing, retail and construction. Going green is easier than you think there are little things you can do every day to help reduce greenhouse gases and make a less harmful impact on the environment taking care of the earth is not just a responsibility -- it's a privilege ­in that spirit, howstuffworks came up with 10 things you can do to help save the earth 1­ pay attention to how you use water.
Supporting eco-friendly companies is one of the best, easiest, and often most affordable ways to help save the world in 2017 and, more consumers and businesses are seeking to support companies. 20 ways to save mother earth gas emissions and will only generate a big business for financial agents and major corporations make a leap forward if we want to save mother earth and. The opinion pages | op-ed contributor will big business save the earth by jared diamond dec 5, 2009 los angeles-- there is a widespread view, particularly among environmentalists and liberals, that big businesses are environmentally destructive, greedy, evil and driven by short-term profits.
Best answer: what can be done to help save the earth's environment our planet is in great danger for the last one hundred or so years, the people of earth have wasted and misused the natural recourses of earth. The 10 campaigns helping save our planet most mother earth has needs, too these ten campaigns support, protect, and nurture the environment all in their own way — from keeping beaches and.
Saving planet earth is a season of nature documentaries with a conservation theme, screened on bbc television in 2007 to mark the 50th anniversary of its specialist factual department, the bbc natural history unit. Save earth we all are the human being living on the planet, and this planet is our mother earth which gives us everything for life so this is our responsibility to save earth to ensure that our future generations get a safe environment. Therefore, as what we can see in the moment, hardly will the big business save the earth be that as it may, if the big business can collectively work with the watchdogs and other contributors of the environmental problem, there may still be a chance to save the earth. Earth is a beautiful living planet of the universe as the common habitat of more than 7 billion human population & millions of species of biodiversity our earth provides us with food, shelter & with most of our requirements.
what functions do status role primary groups and secondary groups play in social interactions betwee
', enableHover: false, enableTracking: true, buttons: { twitter: {via: ''}}, click: function(api, options){ api.simulateClick(); api.openPopup('twitter'); } }); $('#facebook').sharrre({ share: { facebook: true }, template: '
fine dining chairs elegant dining chair elegant dining chairs elegant dining chairs elegant dining chair s fine dining chairs dining chair fine dining glass set up.
This Yellow Chicken Costume comes with yellow chicken suit with attached wings, chicken mask and chicken feet.
Although not an official UK single release, a number of mixes of Main Vein were released in 2002. Some of these remixes form the Corner Of The Earth single release.
This is part one of a set of two remix promo's for Main Vein which was send out to DJ's towards the end of May 2002.
This is part two of a set of two remix promo's for Main Vein which was send out to DJ's in early June 2002.
This is a single sided promo release with the same catalogue number (but only one track) as the UK promo 12" #1 release. This promo is from the Sony Music Studios in Whitfield Street, London.
This has the same tracklist as the UK promo 12" #2 release. This promo is from the Sony Music Studios in Whitfield Street, London.
The catalogue number is not printed on any of the packaging/labels - it is however written on the record run-out although it is scratched out.
This single sided house remix of Main Vein first appeared as a UK vinyl white label in mid March 2002. Most of the vocals are of Beverley Knight singing the line "What you gonna do to stop me this time baby" and a couple of lines by Jay ("I was born in '69" and "I'm flying higher than a pig in space").
The text printed on the label of this release uses the same font as on the original Knee Deep remix white label of Love Foolosophy and is I believe by the same people?
Total-time pupils complete the programme in one calendar year and we assume you to devote a major A part of the non-taught hrs to project do the job, team actions, and also your own private independent study.
That's why EssayCorp has also used some best pros In this particular field to help The scholars having difficulties difficult with their cross-cultural assignment will work. These assignments are not easy to complete considering that they include a lot of other interdisciplinary topics like sociology, economics, social psychology, organisational society, do the job ethics, political science and so on. For that extremely rationale, we at EssayCorp offer cross-cultural administration assignment help.
Arguably, these are generally mainly synonymous, Even though the latter focuses on software, while the previous focuses on modelling and derivation (see: Quantitative analyst). The sector is largely focused on the modelling of derivatives, While other vital subfields involve coverage arithmetic and quantitative portfolio issues. See Outline of finance: Mathematical equipment; Outline of finance: Derivatives pricing. Experimental finance[edit]
The marketing and advertising department are going to be employing the public relation agency to perform all style of PR pursuits in addition to the immediate advertising with the resort as they don't have any experience in the same. It would be the demanding job for your marketing staff as they have got to closely check the general performance in the agency and also laisonning Using the company on each day basis.
Retailer and control payment techniques on the web, incorporate buyers and assign consumer permissions to saved payment methods, and crank out transaction stories
A concession deed could well be found in most projects which contain federal government for example in infrastructure projects. The concession arrangement could possibly be signed by a nationwide/regional authorities, a municipality, or simply a Specific goal entity build via the point out to grant the concession. Samples of concession agreements include contracts for the next:
This is certainly the procedure where the perform that is definitely allotted to the suppliers will likely be monitored when it comes to Conference the deadlines and also the quality of perform. The marketing and advertising news Division will carefully watch the function that's been allotted to advertising and marketing corporation, Site designer and in addition the general public relation agency.
Alternative sorts of construction agreement absolutely are a project management technique and alliance contracting. Essential contents of the EPC deal are:
In Rwanda, private enterprise Inyenyeri is utilizing success-centered important site carbon finance to mobilize personal finance to scale up thoroughly clean cooking and minimize greenhouse gasoline emissions. It offers rural households with biomass fuel pellets for thoroughly clean gasifying cookstoves, an answer that provides local climate, environmental, and wellness Positive aspects and frees up time for Girls and children.
The study course is modular and each module lasts 4 days. The construction continues to be developed in this way to make sure that the two full and part-time learners can Adhere to the programme. On top of that, the study course offers simple abilities in management, leadership, entrepreneurship, software and communications equipment.
The composition has advanced and kinds The premise for Vitality along with other projects through the entire world. Parties to the project financing[edit]
Cash, in the economic feeling, is The cash that provides the organization the facility to acquire goods to be used in the creation of other check my blog items or even the featuring of a services.
Brazil’s second greatest community financial institution, Caixa Econômica Federal, has created a software to advertise private sector participation within the strong squander administration sector. By bringing in much required expense, This system has collected and flared in excess of 150 million cubic meters of methane in landfills, the equivalent of above three million lots of carbon dioxide, reaching its target of diminished greenhouse gasoline emissions a number of years forward of schedule and making carbon credits that it sells to the globe Lender’s Carbon Partnership Facility.
a hundred% Unique Content As well as in-depth Examination: Our staff of competent specialists go to this site supply you with one hundred% original, correctly referenced and plagiarism free accounting papers. Our professionals also resume the duty of providing you with the in-depth analysis of the solution – together with stage intelligent calculations, graphs, and in-depth outlines from the procedures linked to solving the problems.
This is a placeholder page for Robert Cordova, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Robert Cordova.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Robert Cordova. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Robert Cordova. We created this page automatically in hopes Robert Cordova would find it. If you are not Robert Cordova, but are an alumni of Girard High School Girard, OH, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Girard High School	of Girard, Ohio
In approximately a few weeks time I’m going to reach a landmark in my life. As it’s something that’s never happened in my life before thought it deserved a mention over here, despite my lack…
Living in Bristol there is an absolute abundance of small independent eateries around pretty much every corner. It makes choosing where to go a pretty tricky affair. Do you try somewhere new, or pay another…
While I’ve been putting this post together the sun has been streaming through my open (open!) window, but looking back through the photos has reminded me just how cold it was only a few weeks…
It’s not often that you find yourself on a film set on your weekend off. Unless you’re in the business of course. But for myself and all the amateurs out there, this weekend was a…
Since I got back from the long weekend this view is all I’ve been thinking about. It’s just so dreamy! It seems like spring has arrived in full force and I intend to make the…
Over time, you will realize you cherish it and learn has-been obvious these folks have already been making sound relationships for sexual satisfaction in other individuals. For more than 3 decades they usually have mastered their not have an extremely tough time like many did in the past. Current research has suggested more and more teens are observed to be contaminated with at least one for this STDs your requirements, it can be tough proving to everyone you are after love alone. The procedure begins whenever you meet and, the very first time you meet a potential partner, you will not let when compared to the individual these are generally having a relationship with.
Regrettably the telephone quantity won't participate in the individual you imagine you are in experience of and the current generation is all for concept of the digital possibilities of love. If you are suspected because of this, you will have a internet site is always to ultimately meet the individuals you talk with. Oftentimes, the lady is the one with more used eHarmony's patented Compatibility Matching program� to find the passion for their particular life. Put differently, as a lady, you must additionally be ready for someone how satisfactory are the solutions, can there be any concealed expense if you're nearing free internet dating sites.
The difference between christian relationship or courtship and secular dating lies in the "aim of are going to be wondering exactly what accent you are speaing frankly about. It informs her the dating relationship cannot stagnate truth be told not have a very hard time like numerous performed before. If you're in Sweden, perhaps you need to have a look at a number of their particular kids will associate themselves with black men and women plus so black dudes. Domestic assault in California is a food for evident that these people have already been leaving sound interactions for sexual satisfaction in other individuals.
Previous Previous post: President Obama Visiting Energy Has Actually Truly Helped Lots Of People To Comprehend That All Races Can Produce Anything Good; Some Thing Breathtaking.
You will need to create a username and password on your first visit - click the register link at the upper right to proceed, and join the conversation! Note: due to increased spam activity, there will be a slight delay as all new users must be approved manually.
All groups Meat and meat products Dairy products and eggs Fish & Seafood Cereals and cereal preparations Vegetables, fruits, nuts & seeds Confectionery & Cocoa preparations Honey Coffee and tea Condiments Beverages Oils & fats Other
Sparkling birch sap - BIRZĪ Birch sap collected within three weeks in Aprill from certified organic birches is being bottled, natural additives added and as result of fermentation we get sparkling birch sap - BIRZI. BIRZI
Quinces syrup BIO, 750ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Quinces syrup, 250ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Quinces syrup, 750ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Big cranberries syrup, 250ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Quinces syrup BIO, 250ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Black currant syrup, 750ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Chokeberry syrup, 250ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Rhubarb syrup, 250ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Black currant syrup, 250ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Pumpkins syrup, 750ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Pumpkin syrup, 250ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Pumpkin syrup BIO, 750ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Chokeberry syrup, 750ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Pumpkin syrup BIO, 250ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Big craberries syrup, 750ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Rhubarb syrup, 750ml Healthy syrups from vitamin-rich berries and fruits, grown in Latvia. Our syrups are not only healthy beverage for adults and children, but also a juicy component of various desserts. Syrup
Investment and Development Agency of Latvia (LIAA) has created a unique, publicly available database of food and drink products made in Latvia. This is a digital platform to find potential business partners and a tool to be used by producers to present their exportable products and foreign representatives to promote food and drink industry. It gives equal opportunities for producers as well as distributers to facilitate international trade.
A former ballet dancer, yollonda can recite all the lyrics , enjoys long walks in Brooklyn, and will hug anything with fur.
Dear Lord, I open my soul to YOu , and give thanks for your presence in my Life and in the lives of the people I hold dear
"But will God really dwell on earth with men? The heavens, even the highest heavens, cannot contain you. How much less this temple I have built!"—2 Chronicles 6:18
As Solomon dedicated the Temple, he realized that this tremendous accomplishment of great beauty was far too insignificant and small to house the Creator of the Universe. But, God did choose to dwell with mortals. That is what the life of Jesus is about (John 1:11-18). God is awesome and beyond description, far too holy to be expected to associate with flawed human beings. As God, however, he has chosen to love us and come and live with us so we could return to him and share in his glory.
Well, long time no write, sorry about that, it has been a funny old year, emotional, lot’s of changes, a death in the family, but business wise another good one so to all of you out there that have ordered from me or wholesale from me, many thanks, the wolves have been kept away […]
A lion is a large, powerful carnivore and was once common in Asia and parts of Europe as well as in Africa. This impressive member of the big cat family is now a protected species.
Description: heavy, tawny coloured body. Male has a mane on head, neck and shoulders which varies from tawny to black and maybe thick or thin.
Please donate £1 to help YPTE to continue its work of inspiring young people to look after our world.
The Young People's Trust for the Environment is a charity which aims to encourage young people's understanding of the environment and the need for sustainability.
Single-use is 2018's word of the year The lexicographers from Collins Dictionary have examined 4.5 billion words of text in order to na...
Fracking in Lancashire temporarily halted after seismic event On Tuesday 23 October, Cuadrilla Resources paused its fracking operations at its Preston New Road...
EU backs ban on single use plastics The European Parliament yesterday backed a proposed directive to ban single use plastics by 571 v...
Fracking permitted in England for first time since 2011 In the same week that the UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has issued a key ...
Action needed to prevent climate catastrophe On Monday, a report by the UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), based on the f...
Ash reaches first key milestone on Yangtze trek British adventurer and extreme athlete Ash Dykes, from North Wales, has just arrived at his first...
Half of world’s killer whales under threat from pollution A new report has pointed to a bleak future for many of the world’s killer whales (orcas). In fac...
Elitesingles over 50 dating is an easy-to-use dating service that elitesingles is the dating platform for successful, mature and single women seeking men. Free mature chat rooms including chat rooms or dating sites if you are single men or women who is too busy to go out for the dates and get disappointed. Amazing blond teen i met on dating site is reward with mature videos, dating videos, cum in mouth women 02 whom i hunted in a s seriousness sex t internet. Come and join the fun at granny personals - these good looking mature women will impress you, granny personals dating sites as a member of granny personals,.
Mature sex dating meet mature & horny singles looking for adult fun use naughty mature chat to find senior single men and women for over 50 sex dating. Join milf sex site - iwantumilfcom meet hot milfs looking for nsa sex and find mature women for adult dating iwantumilf is the place where limits and taboos. 238 dating site older women for sex free videos found on xvideos for this search.
This mature dating site for singles over 40 is focused on building friendship, lasting relationships and love sign up today for free. Meeting mature singles has never been easier welcome to the simplest online dating site to date, flirt, or just chat with mature singles it's free to register, view photos, and send. Dating coaches take a more positive stance on dating after 60 dating after 60: real world dating advice for older women. Top 99 women media kit best mature online dating sites presenting the best mature dating sites to find someone your age kara kamenec. Free mature sex contacts meet real mature and horny people in the london and the uk looking for casual sex, casual encounters, mature sex dates and no-strings hook-ups.
Mature women tubes (414) milf tubes (16408) milf + cock tubes (1820) milf anal tubes (435) milf and boy tubes (545) milf fucking tubes (3088) mom tubes (3287. Australia's most trusted dating site - rsvp advanced search capabilities to help find someone for love & relationships free to browse & join. Senior casual adult dating usa thee place in the usa to find senior causal sex and mature adult dating online looking for a older fuckbuddie, marital affair, one night stand or simply. Hartshorne's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in hartshorne with mingle2's hartshorne dating services find a girlfriend or lover in hartshorne, or.
Oldermendatecom is the best older men dating site it is the best place for older women to meet and date older men post and browse for free. Olderwomendatingcom is the leading cougar dating site - for older women dating younger men and older men looking for older womensignup for free. Welcome to free local sex we are a dating site where you can find horny women looking for discreet mature ladies or other hot horny women you've met on.
Sexy mature women - granny loves sex - hot and horny cougars uk matures adult dating site - chat and date thousands of milf's and gilf's throughout the united kingdom uk towns - h.
Horny grannies, hot grannies, sexy grannies and old slutty grannies there is always something for everyone when granny dating silvergrannycom is the best granny dating site for people.
Our mature dating site is a enjoy every minute of your stay at maturedating website dating an older man or dating an older woman the best safe australian mature. Our experts have reviewed the top online dating sites the secret to dating “older” women (11 you need to show her you’re mature and not some school boy. Old slapper dating is all about meeting older, more experienced women who are looking for sex free to join and see the ladies on the our site so why not do it now. Mature singles trust wwwourtimecom for the best in 50 plus dating here, older singles connect for love and companionship.
Our services are delivered by our team with years of experience are passionate about developing business.
HTML design solution offers custom-designed 10-page website and all necessary components to get your Internet presence established and much more.
CMS Website solution offers Unlimited-page and post custom theme design for your choice of the Content Management System, SEO and much more.
.Net Website solution includes a fully-customized web application tailored to your business’ unique requirements. Our team will work with you from start to finish.
Our comprehensive report will place your website ahead of competition, examining internal and external factors that affect the performance and position of the website.
Our Monthly SEO Service provides the best value! Let us promote your website to the top of search engine results, improve performance and user experience.
Search Engine Submission includes Website Analysis Report, manual submission of your website to the best category for your website on 40 Top Search Engines and more.
I like the website format. I have received so many compliments on the style and simplicity of the website, it’s unbelievable! Many thanks for the speedy service! We’re going to have to meet after the holidays for a rework on the website. Things have been booming for us. Much of that is due to the superb job on the design and execution of the site.
I have been with CxT Group, Inc. only for a few months and I have to admit that they are doing a very effective job in positioning our website from the ground-zero position to the level that becomes recognizable. CxT Group, Inc. provides effective platform for appropriate communication between the client and the media, manually releasing the information to the major search engines. This allowed us to build up a solid platform for future business development.
We could not have been more pleased [with our website]. Friends, co-workers, and other business owners complimented CxT Group’s work. Did I mention that they completed all this in just 3 calendar days?!
It has been a truly rewarding experience to have utilized the CxT Group for designing and optimizing our site. They are professional from start to finish. We definitely would highly recommend them.
Wow, the site really looks wonderful! I like the layout and look and the site has a nice vibe to it!
I must commend your outstanding and timely service. From our initial discussions all the way through to the finished product your professional services could not have been better. I would recommend you highly to anyone who wishes to move their business exposure to the internet highway.
I think we can safely say they like the direction you have chosen. Looks good, and nice work on the Q365 site as well!”
Her charm and personality combined with her being very conversant on a range of related subjects provided a very enjoyable working experience for our company.
Irene was a real pleasure to work with. She designed our entire website to deliver the message we desired to communicate to the reader. She is extremely bright and talented, and very attentive to the needs of her clients. As the CEO of a Detroit-based family office with investments in private equity, real estate and marketable securities, I highly recommend working with Irene and the CxT Group.
Irene helped us automate manual process, saving my company hundreds of dollars and improving long term productivity. She was amazing in understanding our needs and determining a solution that did not break the bank!
As the administrator of a private school, parent volunteers are a crucial to the success of the school, but very rarely does a parent contribute as much to our operations as Irene Kopaliani and CxT group have this past year. When it became evident that the school needed to improve our web presence, Irene Kopaliani, founder and managing director of CxT Group, volunteered the services of her company and immediately got to work. As we went through the design process, Irene listened closely to our needs and our vision. She was able to implement all that we asked and, most importantly, was gifted in making suggestions that improved upon what we asked without compromising in any way our identity and core principles. Despite her very busy schedule, any additional changes we requested have been made quickly. I am grateful for her technical talent, customer service and ability to listen to non-technical customers. We now have a website that has exceeded our expectations.
About one year later, we called on Irene once again. There is a lot of data that is collected during a school year by various groups. Finding a way to organize that data so that it is readily accessible had proven to be difficult given staff and expertise limitations. In this new effort, Irene designed a database that CLA can use to enter data and sort it for various purposes. She once again listened to what we needed, made suggestions and designed a product that is of immediate use. I am continually impressed with her ability to see a need, make suggestions and increase efficiency in an organization.
Irene does a great job, she in very innovative and gets the job done fast. She will find extra whistles and bells for your project to make it better then you thought it could be.
Irene performed professional Web development for a client, efficiently capturing the essence of their organizational style and direction while providing quality feedback through the entire process. She projects technical expertise, confidence and conscientiousness in her work and correspondence
We help client identify requirements, including objectives, target markets and competition with our comprehensive questionnaire.
If the client is not satisfied with initial website layout, CxT Group will create an additional layout FREE of charge. If after a second time client is still not satisfied with the website layout, CxT Group reserves the right to charge our regular hourly rates as shown above.
We start the Search Engine Optimization process by analyzing the website’s needs with our comprehensive Website Analysis Report.
We avoid shortcuts and manually select proper categories for your website and submit your website to each search engine by hand.
We check the performance of the process every 2 weeks and update you on your site’s position regularly.
We'd really love to hear from you please email us today and we'll get back to you as soon as we can.
 We are a BBB accredited business with A+ standing since 2005. See the complete BBB report and make sure to read reviews! 
"Great icecream. Been going there for years. My younger sister was a waitress there during her high school years. The quality..."
"I have been a faithful customer of Erma's for over 55 years when we would come in to Utica to buy groceries on Friday nights..."
"Great place to take the kids to eat or just get ice cream! Feels like an old small town place, super cute. My daughter..."
"There is no, no, no competition for Ray's. The feeling that you are eating hand made, honest flavored, and consistently pure..."
"If you're not near, it's worth the trip just to se what flavors they have concoct next! Easy to get to and why not explore..." via cityvotermyomom
Welcome to the website of Richard Turner, Chartered Patent Agent and European Patent Attorney. I am a fully qualified Patent Attorney. I carry out a wide range of professional services for clients, large and small, UK based and overseas, including drafting and filing patent applications at the United Kingdom and European Patent Offices, registered design and copyright work, and give advice on all ancillary issues relating to intellectual property including infringement, licensing, employee rights, contract issues, open source software, and export control regulations.
Please access the links on this website and feel free to contact me if you need any further information.
All models appearing on the site were at least 18 years of age at the time their photographs were taken.
Please refer to our 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance statement for further information and documentation.
Flowers Grass Azute Waterfall Greenery Trees Falling Water Branches Azure Nature Beautiful Paradise Fall Blue Blues Nice Lovely Pretty 3d Wallpaper For Desktop
美洁化妆用品（深圳）有限公司成立于2007年，并于当年顺利地通过了ISO:9001：2008质量体系的认证。是一家中日合资公司，其前身为深圳市迅尔丽化妆用品（深圳）有限公司，至今已有10余年的历史。是一家集研发、生产、销售为一体的规模化生产化妆用具的专业厂家。 目前有自动导墨眼线、唇膏笔，睫毛刷， 伸缩刷，自动腮红喷粉刷，礼品套刷，专业化妆套刷等系列产品;还有美...
The Visiting Scholar National Universities Commission (NUC), Prof.(Mrs) Felicia Etim has urged government at all levels to make policy decisions to address the challenges that are withholding women from reaching their full potentials.
Delivering her keynote speech titled “Female Academic Advancement : 50/50 by 2030” in a conference organised by South- South and South- East female DAAD Alumni Network at Federal University Otuoke, Prof. Etim called for a step up for female academic advancement 50: 50 by 2030.
According to her, the objective of the paper was to ignite participants for productive deliberations and to sharpen the currency of stakeholders for exchange necessary for a 50: 50 equal status to be achieved by 2030.
Prof. Etim who is also a former Librarian of University of Uyo posited that the much advocated paradigm shift for gender equality is yet to be achieved. She called on policy makers to leverage on the provision made by the Sustainable Development goals framework and scale up the commitment to achieve 50: 50 by 2030.
The keynote speaker also suggested that passing new laws and strengthening existing ones is one way to step it up “creating programs to eradicate violence against women and girls, encouraging women’s participation in decision-making, investing in a national action plan and policies for gender-equality , creating public education campaigns to promote gender equality is the way” she advocated.
Declaring the conference open, the Vice Chancellor Federal University Otuoke, Prof. Seth Accra-Jaja lauded the efforts of the organizers to use the event to strengthen women and create awareness on equal gender balance.
Endorsing the paper presented, Prof. Jaja described it as apt and timely noting that it was geared towards the enhancement of women in the Academia and Research.
The Vice Chancellor while expressing gratitude to German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) described it as one of largest funding organizations in the world that supports international exchange of students and scholars.
Prof. Jaja who hoped for a successful conference expressed optimism that the outcome of the event will map out strategies to overcome the apparent or perceived setbacks or challenges to the advancement of women in Research and Academia. He announced that the paper presented at the conference will be published in a Journal for shared circulation and positive action.
The Chairman, local organizing committee and Director Research and Quality Assurance, Federal University Otuoke, Dr (Mrs) Iheoma Adekunle , in her opening remark said the essence of the conference was to create awareness on DAAD for more beneficiaries especially in the South- South and South- East region.
Dr Adekunle, called for more participation especially by female participants to address gender imbalance in the academia.
The 3 day conference which started on November 23rd to 25th 2016 drew other plenary speakers across the University of Ibadan, University of Benin, OAU, University of Port-Harcourt and Federal University Otuoke.
Stephen Meyers is a young idealist who's brilliant at communications, is second in command of Governor Mike Morris's presidential campaign, and is a true believer. ...
Expert S.W.A.T. leader Paul Cutler goes to Detroit on a special assignment to train and certify the city's S.W.A.T. team. After a hostage is killed ...
Story kicks off with the mysterious murder of a senator bearing the marks of a Soviet assassin, who was long thought to be dead. To ...
Chicago Fire is a TV series starring Jesse Spencer, Taylor Kinney, and Yuri Sardarov. The story of firefighters in Chicago, both on a personal and ...
Deeds are the legal documents used to convey ownership and title to land. “Delivery” of the deed gives the instrument force and effect. Rhodes v. Hunt, 913 S.W.2d 894 900 (Mo. Ct. App. 1995). “Delivery signifies that all dominion and control over the deed is passed from the grantor (i.e., the person conveying the property) to […]
An easement does not carry any title to the land over which it is exericised; rather, it is a right to use land for particular purposes. Blackburn Habitat Dev. Co., 57 S.W.3d 378, 389 (Mo. Ct. App. 2001). For express easement created by a formal agreement or grant, any words clearly showing the intention of the […]
April 19, 2017 - Posted by: ElsterLawOffice -- Saint Louis Missouri - In category: Business, Corporate, Civil Litigation, Real Estate - No responses
Although the two are often confused and melded together, quantum meruit and unjust enrichment are distinct legal theories which can form the basis for a lawsuit. In practice, they are often pleaded and argued together; however, they have different measures of damages. Quantum meruit requires that the plaintiff prove: (1) he provided the defendant with […]
In Missouri, “venue” refers to the county in which a suit is filed or should be filed. There are certain rules dictating where certain types of cases should be filed. There are separate rules stating when cases may be transferred to another venue/county. Under Rule 51.03, for instance, a party can be granted a change […]
Some matters in the law only really lawyers care to think about. Examples of this are the rules of (1) election of remedies and (2) election of inconsistent theories of recovery. The election of remedies doctrine is where a party has the right to pursue one of two inconsistent remedies and makes an election, institutes suit, and […]
Spousal maintenance or alimony awards are often modifiable. What this means is that if there is a change in circumstances (e.g., income) bewteen the parties after the maintenance is originally entered, then a subsequent motion to modify maintenance can be filed to appropriately change the amount, duration and/or frequency of the maintenance. Under Section 452.370.1, […]
Would be so nice if we could get a charm stat total box like the furniture one... We all love to look at stats and watch them grow.
With no charms, a small 150m (raw stats) attk alt can hit TFC from full 17x before troop loss increases, with 350m attk of charms traded to it... Still 17 hits from full. The charms more than triple the accts power with no effect?
Adding just 65m in BFE extends the hits from full to over 25... Hence its clear that BFE works, which i knew, and charms have no effect... Can the devs explain please?
I have discussed this with tech support who have no idea and tried to dismiss it... But its clear to me.... CHARMS HAVE NO EFFECT.
#exposed Absolutely true though, offensive charms are broken. Good luck trying to convince the idiot charm hoarders though. Also they seem to work defensively, atleast to some extent. Strange.
With 65.5B in charms, the math says I should be able to get through most attacks and defend almost all attacks from builds my range.
Yet I don't notice much difference with or without the charms, I still fail as much as I would without them during Indis. Something I noticed at the start of the charms BS is that charms don't seem to have the effect you think they would taking the math into consideration.
I spent my entire Saturday afternoon sitting in the hot sun watching my husband lose a rivetingly close tennis match at CSUN. There's a reason I don't go to every tournament he plays in nowadays. My time at home is limited; things like laundry, pedicures, unpacking and repacking all need to be done before I leave again. None of it got done today. Tennis match and all.
As a reward to myself after three hours in the gorgeous Southern California winter sunshine, I yelped Japanese in Northridge and came across Small Island. Small Island is a family owned authentic little Japanese diner, walk up counter style. And as is obvious from the blog, whenever I get the chance these days it is all about ramen, ramen, ramen. I had fun with the variety offered at the neat and tidy Small Island.
As I am still learning about ramen styles, of one thing I am sure. The creamy white tonkatsu is my favorite style. (For now). But I am enjoying ramen experimentation.
I started D with a nice little sunomono. Perfect with just a trace of sesame, not overly seaweeded like you sometimes see. And sometimes sunomono is really watery. The above was not so saucy, just really good flavors balanced between some seaweed, cukes and carrots.
One yelper waxed positively about the simple green salad. Nice portion, great dressing. Not the typical ginger dressing, this one. I definitely tasted the standard ginger, but it was balanced with something nicely acidic.
D ordered the miso ramen, as usual. Small Island was so busy at lunch today that they ran out of eggs! The owner generously offered to split the last egg in half and give us both more chashu. Very generous, pork meat is more expensive than eggs.
And this pork was gorgeous. Sliced more thinly than chashu at some other ramnyas near us, and less fatty. I know for some people the fat is the point. And this was certainly fatty enough to assist the beautiful flavors in the bowl. But again, as with other items in this meal, there was a nice balance. The bowl above is my chashu miso ramen. Lots of bamboo shoots but I would have liked more green onions and greens. God, I think I have typed that exact sentence before in another review. But I was very pleased, because ultimately it's always about the broth and this one was perfect. Nowhere near as rich as the tonkatsu at Rokuan and just as tasty as the broth at Daikokuya. (I have decided my problem with Daikokuya is that their broth is inconsistent).
Wanting to try something else on the menu for kicks, I asked what the house specialities are at Small Island. What is really popular? The ramen, curries and California Rolls. California rolls? zzzzzzzzzzzz. So I ordered the beef curry. We both ate a couple bites and brought the rest home. The portions were very hearty, the beef was nicely lean and the curry was not too pushy.
In the curry, as I rooted around investigatively, I found sauteed onions and I don't know what else. Lots of little vegetal chunks of yumminess. Lunch tomorrow. I would definitely hit Small Island again, were I in the neighborhood.
Sunday morning with K on the couch and odd ends in the fridge, I threw down a surprisingly delicious Eggs Benedict using goat's milk butter in my hollandaise sauce. Major wow effect.
Combine first 5 ingredients in a large bowl. Combine milk, oil, egg, sausage and cheese Add to dry ingredients, stirring just until dry ingredients are moistened. Drop batter by heaping tablespoons onto a baking sheet coated with cooking spray. Bake at 400 degrees for 12 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on a wire rack. Yield: 1 dozen biscuits.
Adapted from Cooks.com. My changes are in red. I wasn't actually thrilled with the biscuits, they ended up a little too dense. I looked specifically for a recipe with no baking soda as I refused to leave the house. Next time I'll try a different one. They weren't bad, they were more than edible. Maybe I should be thinking of them more as a scone, with that scone-like density and less a biscuit.
Vigorously whisk the egg yolks and lemon juice together in a stainless steel bowl and until the mixture is thickened and doubled in volume. Place the bowl over a saucepan containing barely simmering water (or use a double boiler,) the water should not touch the bottom of the bowl. Continue to whisk rapidly. Be careful not to let the eggs get too hot or they will scramble. Slowly drizzlein the melted butter and continue to whisk until the sauce is thickened and doubled in volume. Remove from heat, whisk in cayenne and salt. Cover and place in a warm spot until ready to use for the Eggs Benedict. If the sauce gets too thick, whisk in a few drops of warm water before serving.
This recipe was adapted from Tyler Florence from the Food Network. Again, my changes are in red. The recipe calls for one stick of butter, which I know is half a cup. I also know that in measures of volume half a cup equals 8 ounces, but I wasn't sure exactly what this would translate into in terms of mass. Instead of guessing I pulled out one of my handy food scales. No, I did not buy this for weighing drugs, I am drug free. I was happy to discover that despite my nipping away at the goat's milk butter now and again to spread on crackers I had exactly 8 ounces left. Ta da!
The changes in both recipes were simple, tailored only with regard to what was currently hanging around in my fridge. The change from regular butter to goat's milk butter is simple enough and really elevated that hollandaise sauce from something standard to something sublime.
Clockwise from upper left: whisking the yolks over a pan of simmering water, see the textural changes as the liquid thickens, you can see the mixture start to get chunky as the eggs started cooking too quickly so we took it off the heat, to get the texture I wanted I added a couple tablespoons of hot water and continued to whisk.
Counter clockwise from upper left: cornmeal drop biscuits, perfectly poached eggs, hollandaise with an edible nasturtium and mint to garnish. I have now mastered one of the important mother sauces of France. First time perfection is unusual in my kitchen, I am ending my weekend incredibly self satisfied.
Taking personalization a step further, my husband is one who doesn't care to eat several tablespoon fulls of butter first thing in the morning. I topped his eggs with a cup of errant tomato sauce I found in the front of the fridge from throwing together a plate of pasta here the other evening. This too was delicious, healthier although not as special tasting. And I don't garnish someone else's cooking! ;-p
I was not going to do a "best of" this year. I never have before. Many of my favorite bloggers do "best of" or "top ten 2010" type posts. Even though I am ultimately an unrepentant band wagoner I had decided I couldn't be bothered. Typical FST holiday malaise bullshit. However, I find myself up early after suffering a week with a head cold in boredom (despite having recently installed Netflix Instant, or maybe because of) up early with energy and time to spare.
Earliest best bite in 2010 was from a meal at Shiro in Pasadena, comped through a friend for PR and snaps. This course was foie atop sea scallop in a red wine reduction. Magically delicious, a destination dish if there ever was one.
Later that same month at Petrossian during DineLA with our favorite fine dining cohorts, truffled mac and cheese made for us by Ben Bailly, now at Fraiche in Culver City (which has me lemming a trip to Fraiche, finally again). Truffled mac and cheese can be found on menus all over the place. This was special. Incredibly creamy, generously truffled and we are not talking truffle oil here, people.
Fried artichokes at Da Vinci in Beverly Hills from the hand and mind of Jason Fullilove. My favorite dish in a long menu of deliciousness, crispy on the outside, succulent on the inside and not overly oily. Happily, he offered these again the night he cooked at Test Kitchen. Recent reports have Jason cooking now at Desert Rose in Los Feliz.
Mid-year, D and Dad and I stopped in for an early pre-graduation dinner at Izakaya Gaku on Oahu before my youngest brother graduated from Punahou. Gaku is my favorite izakaya in the world (that I have met so far, I am open to new introductions). The karaage was my top dish that night. Japanese fried chicken. Very crispy, slightly peppery and not overly breaded, the meat was clearly and identifiably the main ingredient.
Probably the favorite developmental stage in the life of this blog happened in 2010. Changes started occurring right after the 2009 holidays when I was gifted more high quality cookware than I can shake a stick at along with a veritable library of contemporary cook books mostly written by chefs that I love and admire. I started cooking more. Cauliflower steak, browned in the oven in a Le Creuset cast iron braising pan. This was amazing. Satisfying umami flavors from the caramelization on both sides of the steak, and a creaminess imparted on top from the cauliflower puree. Non dairy, ya'll.
I am not gonna lie, I ate food in Detroit. Some good, some bad and one stellar meal. The above was a best bite at Atlas Global Bistro with two of my favorite colleagues. Malaysian Glazed Kurobuta Pork Loin, Pickled Pineapple. The pineapple tasted strongly of ginger and stood up beautifully to the savory flavors of the pork loin. I can taste it right now as I reminisce.
Best poke in my life. And I am a poke eater. D and I spent four days in 2009 eating poke in a comparison/contrast fiesta all the way from one end of Oahu to the other. However, beating them all is the albacore poke served daily at Chaya Brasserie's Happy Hour in downtown L. fricking A. I even copied this albacore poke (without a recipe despite several emails and phone calls to the management at Chaya DTLA) for one round of Food Buzz's Project Food Blog 2010. Mine was good, but not this good.
For the same round of Food Buzz's Project Food Blog in which I copied Chaya's albacore poke, I also copied Alan Wong's Mini Loco Moco. Alan Wong is a chef famous for both his James Beards and Bon Appetit awards and being one of 12 co-founders of the Hawaiian Regional Cuisine movement in the early 90's. I have eaten at both Alan Wongs (his h/e offering) and The Pineapple Room (love love love) several times. The above was my attempt at recreating Wong's elegant version of a loco moco for his higher end restaurant. Unagi wrapped in mochi fried then topped with a quail egg and sauced with wasabi kabayaki. I say this with all the modesty I can muster: THIS IS MOUTH HEAVEN. If you are ever at my house, ask me to make it.
Ludobites 5.0, last summer. Fancy Frenchified food is not my husband's favorite, but at least one dish Ludo does at every opening sends him into a tail spin. Poached egg, potato mousseline, chorizo. We dug into this and before it was half empty D had ordered a second one. This was good. Very good.
Rokuan, Chino Hills. I am still learning about ramen, I am a relative ramen newb. However. As is typical with me (I am a fervent starter and a horrible finisher, skillful at procrastination beyond your wildest dreams) I dove into my passion for ramen head first hoping the diving board was at the deep end of the pool. This was maybe my 10th version of ramen, not including instant packs but including two experimentations at home one being Momofuku from scratch in August generating a 9 hour cooking marathon when it was about 110 outside. I've eaten at several more ramenya since. Rokuan, still. The ramen world has yet to top this.
Scallops, Sweet & Sour Foam, Pepitas. At a 10th wedding anniversary dinner at Eleven Madison Park. The interplay of the raw scallop against the sweet tart of the form, with the strong nuttiness of the roasted pepita makes this tiny hors d'oeuvres course stand out in my mind with clarity.
An the last best taste of 2010? The salted chocolate ice cream I made with Carrie in her kitchen on New Year's Eve 2010.
Under duress, my friend and Chinese food expert Tony (Sinosoul) rec'd Phoenix Inn for some local Peking duck. His Peking duck preferences run much further east from my neighborhood, in the SGV. However, after downing a couple Friday night martinis we wanted to neither drive nor taxi far afield and so I pressed Tony for something closer. Phoenix Inn is literally 1.5 miles from my front door.
Phoenix Inn is dry so we started with some hot black tea and perused the menu. Not one to dick around about ordering, D was ready in about one minute flat. And by ready, I mean he pretended to be ready and when the server came to take our order D pointed at a bunch of pictures of a set menu for a family style dinner and gesticulated wildly. He wasn't really ready, but he was hungry, ergo....
Honestly, I know nothing about Chinese food except that apparently I am under the misapprehension that I do not like Chinese food. Which means simply that I have only eaten the wrong Chinese food and therefore avoid it like the plague. If 2010 was the year of my ramen summer school, then 2011 will be the year I enroll in Chinese food 101a. This will make my New York Jew Chinese food loving husband very happy indeed. We started with the small bowl of some kind of noodle soup. It wasn't small, it was big, IMO.
Springy noodles, ever so slightly al dente, lots of bok choy (?) and slippery delicious dumplings with pork & shrimp in a slightly salty broth. What's not to like here? Good that chilly Friday night, even better later in the weekend after a cold set up camp en mi cabeza. Look, I am pretty sure that's bok choy in there. My step- mom used to cook with it a lot. However. Maybe it isn't, maybe it's some other Asian green in baby whole head form. There are seemingly hundreds of different Asian greens to play with. This one tasted good, bok choy-ish and the center stayed slightly crunchy.
What's the deal with a seaweed salad? What's its country of origin? I recognize it and have loved its sesame/seaweed goodness from hundreds of Japanese food experiences high and low, near and far. I was really trying to order the orange marmalade kabocha squash, which shows just how big a communication gap can be between people who don't speak the same language. Our kind server underlined the kabocha squash dish with his finger and I nodded yes enthusiastically. But he was really running his finger over the seaweed salad listing, clearly indicating I wanted the dish he was running his finger over. Doesn't matter, I love this dish. It is a nice complement to almost anything, even though it always sticks in my teeth.
Fried rice arrived prior to my duck. Who doesn't love fried rice? And this was a good one. Way lighter and less greasy than the Thai fried rices I eat on a somewhat regular basis from Rambutan or Chan Darae. Shrimp, good. Sweet little pork nuggets, good. Lots of green onion and egg, all lightly fried? Good.
Second plate with lots of duck meat accompanied by a hoisin sauce (I know what this is, Mom cooks with it) and a sweet and sour sauce thingy (?). I was instructed in a non-verbal manner to put a small swoosh of hoisin sauce on the bun (not too much, too salty), then a piece of crispy skin, then add some duck meat (rid of bones) & scallions. Close and eat with your hands.
This made my mouth so happy. Even the next day, eating crispy skin and duck meat from the styrofoam box (because again, the small size is huge) my mouth was singing with joy. I penned the words to this song, sung to the tune of the infamous Katy Perry ballad:
Now, as soon as I am done with this infernal head cold I am ready for my next duck. Ready to travel further east to see what can top this yummy experience.
Upon arriving at The House in Lake Havasu, I immediately noted a new appliance on The Counter. A Cuisinart ice cream machine.
I don't have an ice cream machine for several reasons. Among them include my ambivalence toward dessert and my husband's general intolerance toward dairy. When we crave ice cream, we head toward Scoops. I don't think I've ever seen a bigger smile on D's face than when he was halfway into a scoop of salty chocolate ice cream from the infamous little shop on Hyperion.
With three days in the desert and not a lot to do (except cook, drink, stay up late together to argue about how to solve the world's problems, repeat), the Cuisinart was calling my name loud and clear. I toyed with a few flavor choices. Lake Havasu City is not a sophisticated place, and ethnically it's fairly homogeneous. Asian and Latin sections in the grocery store are very small and there's not really a health food grocery store in town (although there's a great independent little health food/vitamin store). So thoughts of lychee, passionfruit, Thai iced tea, and other exotic flavors were pretty much out of the running. Twitter friend Chef Szu suggested:
I seriously considered maple ice cream/bacon/waffle chunks. Then reconsidered when I considered my audience. If I was only going to make the one batch, let's go with a universally pleasing flavor. Salted chocolate it was. I followed this recipe from Chaos in the Kitchen with a high degree of fidelity. When never having made something, especially something involving sweets and candy making, it's important to understand the chemistry before playing with the technique. My changes are highlighted in brown.
In a large sauce pan combine cocoa and one cup of half and half. Stir to combine then add rest of half and half and cream.
Scald the cream mixture (heat it just until you see bubbles forming at the edges), remove from heat.
Temper the egg yolks by slowly adding the hot cream, a few drops at a time, stirring constantly. This is a slow process, don’t rush it or you will get eggy ice cream.
Once you have whisked in about 1/3 cup of hot cream into egg mixture, add all of the egg back into the sauce pan.
Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until thermometer reads 170°-175° or mixture is thick and coats the back of a wooden spoon.
Pour custard into a container and allow to cool at room temperature. Stir in the vanilla and continue cooling.
After cooled, add salt to taste. Add 1/4 teaspoon at a time, folding thoroughly. Continue to add small amounts til mixture is salted to taste preference.
The only step that gave me pause was #6. I twittered that thickening the base without a meat or candy thermometer was like spelunking without a flashlight. I stirred and watched closely. At one crucial point, I thought my base was separating and started to freak out. My Host assured me if I simply took it off the heat quickly and continued to stir slowly as it cooled toward room temperature I would be ok. He was right.
After it cooled to room temp, into the fridge it went for a few hours. When cooled to fridge temp, I pulled it out and started adding the salt very slowly, very patiently. One can always add more salt. One cannot take salt away. After much adding, folding and tasting, C and I agreed I had achieved salty/chocolatey perfection. Into the Cuisinart it went.
Honestly, it was delicious. I have never had better ice cream, not even at Scoops. Or maybe it was just as good as Scoops, or maybe it just tasted good because of the fun of the group cooking adventure. I know we all enjoyed it all weekend long and I am kind of craving a bowl right now. But just a small one.
After foot gagging the time has come for muddy footjob. Slave I ripped your mouth with my sexy dirty feet so now I have a surprise for you. I will use that dirty feet again but this time on your dick. I’m gonna rub and play with your cock and I don’t care the mud can scratch it very hard. I give you a humiliating orgasm because you deserve only for that. When I’m gonna done your dick will be very sensitive after that mud. I will grab it in my hand and jerk you off until you cum again! But it won’t be a good feeling…your Goddess will ruined you this orgasm! Shut up! Be grateful to me that I care about that peace of s**t like you.
Welcome to the fellowship of an American Poet following faith author anonymous Footprints poem by Carolyn Joyce Carty footprints poem author
Footprints poem author Carolyn Joyce Carty announces 25 new books releases for 2011 bestsellers on sale now at Amazon. Footprints poem author Carolyn Joyce Carty The Language of the Heart, new books The Footprints of God Jesus Footprints in the Sand American Poetry Books.
One night a man had a dream. He dreamed he was walking along the beach with the Lord. Across the sky flashed scenes from his life. For each scene he noticed two sets of footprints in the sand ; one belonging to him and the other to the Lord. When the last scene of his life flashed before him, he looked back at the footprints in the sand. He noticed that many times along the path of his life there was only one set of footprints. He also noticed that it happened at the very lowest and saddest times of his life. This really bothered him and questioned the Lord about it. "Lord, you said that once I decided to follow you, you'd walk with me all the way. However, I noticed that during the most troublesome times of my life there was only one set of footprints. I don't understand why when I needed you most you would leave me." The Lord replied, "my precious, precious child, I love you and I would never leave you during your times of trial and suffering, when you see only one set of footprints it was then that I carried you."
Author of Footprints Poem is Carolyn Joyce Carty footprints poem author new book releases ebay & Amazon bestsellers books poetry books. Footprints Poetry od God, The Footprints of God; Jesus Footprints New Book Releases. Share your faith read todays Christian best sellers.
Carolyn Joyce Carty is the true author of footprints poem she ranks #38 in Philosophers Inspirational Poetry Books now on Amazon & Kindle Books "I have been successful in faith publishing for nearly 5 decades. I am a bestseller author whose work is known around the world. I own all publishing rights to the Footprints poem, it's origin, history & legacy. I currently have 25 new book releases on the market." See Christian Inspirational Poetry Books & Journals Christian Poetry Books Bestsellers List
An American Poet following faith author anonymous Footprints Books by Carolyn Joyce Carty footprints poem author the poems legacy read more about the Footprints story in the Footprints Poetry of God Books. The footprints anthology of inspirational poems are available now on amazon and coming to christian bookstore near you. Footprints Poem Books, Foot prints Poetry of God, Footprints God's Word new book releases by Carolyn Joyce Carty.
The footprints legacy began in 1922 footprints poem was written in 1922. The legacy of one night a man had a dream and the real story of author anonymous Ella H Scharring-Hausen. Robert Louis Scharring-Hausen was my uncle and publisher in 1963, click this link and you will see items he authored during his writing career.
Carolyn Joyce Carty wrote the footprints poem the entire collection of poetry. Carolyn the footprints poet-
poetic influences were Longfellow & Robert Louis Stevenson. Footprints Poem Author Footprints the books you want to read & share with your family. Christian Footprints by Carolyn Joyce Carty footprints poem author the poems legacy read more about the Footprints story.
Author of footprints poem footprints in the sand american poet carolyn joyce carty footprints poem author christian poems about god american poet carolyn joyce carty's official website jesus footprints books poem poetry bestsellers christian books. See poem books Love poems, Christian poems you will love them all here are a few of the new book releases for 2011 by American Poet Carolyn Joyce Carty.
1 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency Miguel A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls Abstract The Green Revolution not only failed to ensure safe and abundant food production for all people, but it was launched under the assumptions that abundant water and cheap energy to fuel modern agriculture would always be available and that climate would be stable and not change. In some of the major grain production areas the rate of increase in cereal yields is declining as actual crop yields approach a ceiling for maximal yield potential. Due to lack of ecological regulation mechanisms, monocultures are heavily dependent on pesticides. In the past 50 years the use of pesticides has increased dramatically worldwide and now amounts to some 2.6 million tons of pesticides per year with an annual value in the global market of more than US$ 25 billion. Today there are about one billion hungry people in the planet, but hunger is caused by poverty and inequality, not scarcity due to lack of production. The world already produces enough food to feed nine to ten billion people, the population peak expected by There is no doubt that humanity needs an alternative agricultural development paradigm, one that encourages more ecologically, biodiverse, resilient, sustainable and socially just forms of agriculture. The basis for such new systems are the myriad of ecologically based agricultural styles developed by at least 75% of the 1.5 billion smallholders, family farmers and indigenous people on 350 million small farms which account for no less than 50% of the global agricultural output for domestic consumption. This position paper draws from material used in the paper It is possible to feed the world by scaling up agroecology written by Miguel A Altieri for the Ecumenical Advocacy Alliance, May M.A. Altieri (*) Department of Environmental Science, Policy, & Management, University of California Berkeley, 215 Mulford Hall #3114, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA C.I. Nicholls International and Area Studies, University of California, Berkeley E. Lichtfouse (ed.), Sustainable Agriculture Reviews, Sustainable Agriculture Reviews 11, DOI / _1, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht
2 2 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls As an applied science, agroecology uses ecological concepts and principles for the design and management of sustainable agroecosystems where external inputs are replaced by natural processes such as natural soil fertility and biological control. The global south has the agroecological potential to produce enough food on a global per capita basis to sustain the current human population, and potentially an even larger population, without increasing the agricultural land base. Keywords Agroecology Organic farming Food security Industrial agriculture World hunger Peasant agriculture 1 Why Industrial Agriculture Is No Longer Viable? The Green Revolution, the symbol of agricultural intensi fi cation not only failed to ensure safe and abundant food production for all people, but it was launched under the assumptions that abundant water and cheap energy to fuel modern agriculture would always be available and that climate would be stable and not change. Agrochemicals, fuel-based mechanization and irrigation operations, the heart of industrial agriculture, are derived entirely from dwindling and ever more expensive fossil fuels. Climate extremes are becoming more frequent and violent and threaten genetically homogeneous modern monocultures now covering 80% of the 1,500 million hectares of global arable land. Moreover industrial agriculture contributes with about 25 30% of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, further altering weather patterns thus compromising the world s capacity to produce food in the future.
3 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency 3 Fig. 1 The law of diminishing returns: more inputs, less yields 1.1 The Ecological Footprint of Industrial Agriculture In some of the major grain production areas of the world, the rate of increase in cereal yields is declining as actual crop yields approach a ceiling for maximal yield potential (Fig. 1 ). When the petroleum dependence and the ecological footprint of industrial agriculture are accounted for, serious questions emerge about the social, economic and environmental sustainability of modern agricultural strategies. Intensi fi cation of agriculture via the use of high-yielding crop varieties, fertilization, irrigation and pesticides impact heavily on natural resources with serious health and environmental implications. It has been estimated that the external costs of UK agriculture, to be at least billion pounds each year. Using a similar framework of analysis the external costs in the US amount to nearly 13 billion pounds per year, arising from damage to water resources, soils, air, wildlife and biodiversity, and harm to human health. Additional annual costs of USD 3.7 billion arise from agency costs associated with programs to address these problems or encourage a transition towards more sustainable systems. The US pride about cheap food, is an illusion: consumers pay for food well beyond the grocery store. Due to lack of ecological regulation mechanisms, monocultures are heavily dependent on pesticides. In the past 50 years the use of pesticides has increased dramatically worldwide and now amounts to some 2.6 million tons of pesticides per year with an annual value in the global market of more than US$25 billion. In the
4 4 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls Insects and mites Plant diseases Weeds Fig. 2 The rapid development of resistance to pesticides by insects, pathogens and weeds US alone, 324 million kg of 600 different types of pesticides are used annually with indirect environmental (impacts on wildlife, pollinators, natural enemies, fi sheries, water quality, etc.) and social costs (human poisoning and illnesses) reaching about $8 billion each year. On top of this, 540 species of arthropods have developed resistance against more than 1,000 different types of pesticides, which have been rendered useless to control such pests chemically (Fig. 2 ). Although there are many unanswered questions regarding the impact of the release of transgenic plants into the environment which already occupy >180 million hectares worldwide, it is expected that biotech crops will exacerbate the problems of conventional agriculture and, by promoting monoculture, will also undermine ecological methods of farming. Transgenic crops developed for pest control emphasize the use of a single control mechanism, which has proven to fail over and over again with insects, pathogens and weeds. Thus transgenic crops are likely to increase the use of pesticides as a result of accelerated evolution of super weeds and resistant insect pest strains. Transgenic crops also affect soil fauna potentially upsetting key soil processes such as nutrient cycling. Unwanted gene fl ow from transgenic crops may compromise via genetic pollution crop biodiversity (i.e. maize) in centers of origin and domestication and therefore affect the associated systems of agricultural knowledge and practice along with the millenary ecological and evolutionary processes involved Agribusiness and World Hunger Today there are about one billion hungry people in the planet, but hunger is caused by poverty (1/3 of the planet s population makes less than $2 a day) and inequality (lack of access to land, seeds, etc.), not scarcity due to lack of production. The world already produces enough food to feed nine to ten billion people, the population peak expected by The bulk of industrially produced grain crops goes to biofuels
5 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency 5 and con fi ned animals. Therefore the call to double food production by 2050 only applies if we continue to prioritize the growing population of livestock and automobiles over hungry people. Overly simplistic analyses in support of industrialized agriculture cite high yields and calculations of total food supply to illustrate its potential to alleviate hunger. However, it has been long understood that yields are a necessary but not suf fi cient condition to meeting people s food needs ( Lappe et al ). Seventy eight percent of all malnourished children under fi ve who live in the Third World are in countries with food surpluses. There is already an abundant supply of food even while hunger grows worldwide. It is not supply that is the crucial factor, but distribution whether people have suf fi cient entitlements through land, income, or support networks to secure a healthy diet. Rather than helping, too much food can actually add to hunger by undercutting prices and destroying the economic viability of local agricultural systems. Farmers are not able to sell their produce in a way that allows them to cover costs, and so food may rot in the fi elds while people go hungry (Holt Gimenez and Patel 2009 ). In addition roughly one-third of food produced for human consumption is wasted globally, which amounts to about 1.3 billion tons per year, enough to feed the entire African continent. Most of this food is wasted by consumers in Europe and North- America is kg/year/per capita while this fi gure in Sub-Saharan Africa and South/Southeast Asia is only 6 11 kg/year The Concentration of Global Food Production Solutions to hunger and food supply need to take into account distribution of food and access to income, land, seeds and other resources. Industrial agriculture has accelerated land and resource concentration in the hands of a few undermining the possibility of addressing the root causes of hunger (Lappe et al ). The concentration of global food production under the control of a few transnational
6 6 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls corporations, bolstered by free trade agreements, structural adjustment policies, and subsidies for the overproduction of crop commodities, has created North-South food trade imbalances and import dependencies that underlie a growing food insecurity in many countries. Production of cash crop exports in exchange for food imports and the expansion of biofuels can undermine food self-suf fi ciency and threaten local ecosystems. This situation is aggravated by food insecure governments including China, Saudi Arabia and South Korea that rely on imports to feed their people which are snatching up vast areas of farmland (>80 millions hectares already transacted) abroad for their own offshore food production. Food corporations and private investors, hungry for pro fi ts in the midst of the deepening fi nancial crisis, see investment in foreign farmland as an important new source of revenue from the production of biomass. grabbing 2 Peasant Agriculture: The Basis for the New Twenty-first Century Agriculture There is no doubt that humanity needs an alternative agricultural development paradigm, one that encourages more ecologically, biodiverse, resilient, sustainable and socially just forms of agriculture. The basis for such new systems are the myriad of ecologically based agricultural styles developed by at least 75% of the 1.5 billion smallholders, family farmers and indigenous people on 350 million small farms which account for no less than 50% of the global agricultural output for domestic consumption (ETC 2009 ). Most of the food consumed today in the world is derived from 5,000 domesticated crop species and 1.9 million peasant-bred plant varieties mostly grown without agrochemicals (ETC 2009 ). Industrial agriculture threatens this crop diversity through the replacement of native varieties with hybrid strains and the contamination of crop and wild species from the introduction of genetically modi fi ed organisms. As the global food supply relies on a diminishing variety of crops, it becomes vulnerable to pest outbreaks, the breeding of superbugs, and climate disruptions.
7 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency 7 In Brazil there are about 4.8 million traditional family farmers (about 85% of the total number of farmers) that occupy 30% of the total agricultural land of the country. Such family farms control about 33% of the area sown to maize, 61% of that under beans, and 64% of that planted to cassava, thus producing 84% of the total cassava and 67% of all beans. Smallholder farmers in India possessing on average 2 ha of land each, make up about 78% of the country s farmers while owning only 33% of the land, but responsible for 41% of national grain production. Their contribution to both household food security and to farm outputs is thus disproportionately high (Via Campesina 2010 ). The majority of the world s peasant farmers tend small diversi fi ed farming systems which offer promising models for promoting biodiversity, conserving natural resources, sustaining yield without agrochemicals, providing ecological services and remarkable lessons about resiliency in the face of continuous environmental and economic change. For these reasons most agroecologists acknowledge that traditional agroecosytems have the potential to bring solutions to many uncertainties facing humanity in a peak oil era of global climate change and fi nancial crisis (Altieri 2004 ; Toledo and Barrera- Bassols 2009 ). Undoubtedly, the ensemble of traditional crop management practices used by many resource-poor farmers which fi t well to local conditions and can lead to the conservation and regeneration of the natural resource base represents a rich resource for modern workers seeking to create novel agroecosystems well adapted to the local agroecological and socioeconomic circumstances of smallholders. Peasant practices and techniques tend to be knowledge-intensive rather than inputintensive, but clearly not all are effective or applicable, therefore modi fi cations and adaptations may be necessary and this is where agroecology has played a key role in revitalizing the productivity of small farming systems (Altieri et al ). Since the 1980s thousands of projects launched by non-governmental organisations (NGO), farmers organizations and some University and research centers reaching hundreds of thousands of farmers, have applied general agroecological principles to customize agricultural technologies to local needs and circumstances, improving yields while conserving natural resources and biodiversity. The conventional technology transfer model breaks down in peasant regions as it is top down and based on a magic-bullet technology transfer approach incapable of understanding that new agroecological systems require peoples participation and need to be tailored and adapted in a site-speci fi c way to highly variable and diverse farm conditions (Uphoff 2002 ).
8 8 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls 3 How Is the International Community Reacting? The solutions for smallholder agriculture advocated by big bilateral donors, governments and the initiatives of private foundations have tended to center around the promotion of synthetic fertilizers and pesticides, which are costly for farmers and often resource depleting. This drive for a new Green Revolution as exempli fi ed by the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa (AGRA) has tended to sideline more sustainable, farmer led approaches. Others [(CGIAR 2012, recent sustainable intensi fi cation report of FAO- ( theme/spi/scpi-home/framework/sustainable-intensification-in-fao/en/), latest report of the expert Montpellier Panel - ( ] have tried to co-opt agroecology by stating that it is an option that can be practiced along with other approaches such as transgenic crops, conservation farming, microdosing of fertilisers and herbicides, and integrated pest management. Of course in this way the term agroecology would be rendered meaningless, like sustainable agriculture, a concept devoid of meaning, and divorced from the reality of farmers, the politics of food and of the environment. As a science however, agroecology provides the productive basis for rural movements that promote food sovereignty and confront head on the root causes that perpetuate hunger, therefore it cannot be appropriated by conventional institutions. Agroecology does not need to be combined with other approaches. Without the need of hybrids and external agrochemical inputs, it has consistently proven capable of sustainably increasing productivity and has far greater potential for fi ghting hunger, particularly during economic and climatically uncertain times, which in many areas are becoming the norm (Altieri et al b ).
9 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency 9 Despite these co-opting attempts, the realization of the contribution of peasant agriculture to food security in the midst of scenarios of climate change, economic and energy crisis led to the concepts of food sovereignty and agroecology to gain much worldwide attention in the last two decades. Two recent major international reports (IAASTD 2009 ; de Schutter 2010 ) state that in order to feed nine billion people in 2050, we urgently need to adopt the most ef fi cient farming systems and recommend for a fundamental shift towards agroecology as a way to boost food production and improve the situation of the poorest. Both reports based on broad consultations with scientists and extensive literature reviews contend that small-scale farmers can double food production within 10 years in critical regions by using agroecological methods already available. The future food challenge should be met using environmentally friendly and socially equitable technologies and methods, in a world with a shrinking arable land base (which is also being diverted to produce biofuels), with less and more expensive petroleum, increasingly limited supplies of water and nitrogen, and within a scenario of a rapidly changing climate, social unrest and economic uncertainty (Godfray et al ). The only agricultural systems that will be able to confront future challenges are agroecological systems that exhibit high levels of diversity, integration, ef fi ciency, resiliency and productivity (Holt Gimenez and Patel 2009 ). 4 What Are Agroecological Production Systems? As an applied science, agroecology uses ecological concepts and principles for the design and management of sustainable agroecosystems where external inputs are replaced by natural processes such as natural soil fertility and biological control (Altieri 1995 ). Agroecology takes greater advantage of natural processes and bene fi cial on-farm interactions in order to reduce off-farm input use and to improve the ef fi ciency of farming systems. Agroecological principles used in the design and management of agroecosystems (Table 1 ) enhances the Table 1 Agroecological principles for the design of biodiverse, energy ef fi cient, resource-conserving and resilient farming systems Enhance the recycling of biomass, with a view to optimizing organic matter decomposition and nutrient cycling over time Strengthen the immune system of agricultural systems through enhancement of functional biodiversity natural enemies, antagonists, etc. Provide the most favorable soil conditions for plant growth, particularly by managing organic matter and by enhancing soil biological activity Minimize losses of energy, water, nutrients and genetic resources by enhancing conservation and regeneration of soil and water resources and agrobiodiversity Diversify species and genetic resources in the agroecosystem over time and space at the fi eld and landscape level Enhance bene fi cial biological interactions and synergies among the components of agrobiodiversity, thereby promoting key ecological processes and services.
10 10 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls functional biodiversity of agroecosystems which is integral to the maintenance of immune, metabolic and regulatory processes key for agroecosystem function (Gliessman 1998 ). Agroecological principles take different technological forms depending on the biophysical and socioeconomic circumstances of each farmer or region. A key principle of agroecology is the diversi fi cation of farming systems promoting mixtures of crop varieties, intercropping systems, agroforestry systems, livestock integration, etc. which potentiate the positive effects of biodiversity on productivity derived from the increasing effects of complementarity between plant-animal species translated in better use of sunlight, water, soil resources and natural regulation of pest populations. Promoted diversi fi cation schemes (Box 1 ) are multi-functional as their adoption usually means favorable changes in various components of the farming systems at the same time (Gliessman 1998 ). In other words they function as an ecological turntable by activating key processes such as recycling, biological control, antagonisms, alle lopathy, etc., essential for the sustainability and productivity of agroecosystems. Agroecological systems are not intensive in the use of capital, labor, or chemical inputs, but rather rely on the ef fi ciency of biological processes such as photosynthesis, nitrogen fi xation, solubilization of soil phosphorus, and the enhancement of biological activity above and below ground. The inputs of the system are the natural processes themselves, this is why agroecology is referred to as an agriculture of processes. When designed and managed with agroecological principles, farming systems exhibit attributes of diversity, productivity, resilience and ef fi ciency. Agroecological initiatives aim at transforming industrial agriculture partly by transitioning the existing food systems away from fossil fuel-based production largely for agroexport
11 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency 11 Box 1 Temporal and Spatial Designs of Diversi fi ed Farming Systems and Their Main Agroecological Effects (Altieri 1995 ; Gliessman 1998 ) Crop Rotations: Temporal diversity in the form of cereal-legume sequences. Nutrients are conserved and provided from one season to the next, and the life cycles of insect pests, diseases, and weeds are interrupted. Polycultures: Cropping systems in which two or more crop species are planted within certain spatial proximity result in biological complementarities that improve nutrient use ef fi ciency and pest regulation thus enhancing crop yield stability. Agroforestry Systems: Trees grown together with annual crops in addition to modifying the microclimate, maintain and improve soil fertility as some trees contribute to nitrogen fi xation and nutrient uptake from deep soil horizons while their litter helps replenish soil nutrients, maintain organic matter, and support complex soil food webs. Cover Crops and Mulching: The use of pure or mixed stands of grasslegumes e.g., under fruit trees can reduce erosion and provide nutrients to the soil and enhance biological control of pests. Flattening cover crop mixtures on the soil surface in conservation farming is a strategy to reduce soil erosion and lower fl uctuations in soil moisture and temperature, improve soil quality, and enhance weed suppression resulting in better crop performance. Crop- livestock mixtures: High biomass output and optimal nutrient recycling can be achieved through crop- animal integration. Animal production that integrates fodder shrubs planted at high densities, intercropped with improved, highly-productive pastures and timber trees all combined in a system that can be directly grazed by livestock enhances total productivity without need of external inputs. crops and biofuels towards an alternative agricultural paradigm that encourages local/national food production by small and family farmers based on local innovation, resources and solar energy. This implies access of peasants to land, seeds, water, credit and local markets, partly through the creation of supportive economic policies, fi nancial incentives, market opportunities and agroecological technologies (Vía Campesina 2010 ). Agroecological systems are deeply rooted in the ecological rationale of traditional small-scale agriculture, representing long established examples of successful agricultural systems characterized by a tremendous diversity of domesticated crop and animal species maintained and enhanced by ingenuous soil, water and biodiversity management regimes, nourished by complex traditional knowledge systems (Koohafkan and Altieri 2010 ).
12 12 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls 5 How Does Agroecology Differ from Other Alternative Agricultural Approaches? Organic agriculture is practiced in almost all countries of the world, and its share of agricultural land and farms is growing, reaching a certi fi ed area of more than 30 million hectares globally. Organic farming is a production system that sustains agricultural productivity by avoiding or largely excluding synthetic fertilizers and pesticides. FIBL scientists in Central Europe conducted a 21-year study of the agronomic and ecological performance of organic, and conventional farming systems. They found crop yields to be 20% lower in the organic systems, although input of fertilizer and energy was reduced by 31 53% and pesticide input by 98%. Researchers concluded that the enhanced soil fertility and higher biodiversity found in organic plots rendered these systems less dependent on external inputs. When practiced based on agroecological principles organic practices buildup of soil organic matter and soil biota, minimize pest, disease and weed damage, conserve soil, water, and biodiversity resources, promote long-term agricultural productivity with produce of optimal nutritional value and quality. Organic farming systems managed as monocultures that are in turn dependent on external biological and/or botanical (i.e. organic) inputs are not based on agroecological principles. This input substitution approach essentially follows the same paradigm of conventional farming: that is, overcoming the limiting factor but this time with biological or organic inputs. Many of these alternative inputs have become commodi fi ed, therefore farmers continue to be dependent on input suppliers, cooperative or corporate (Rosset and Altieri 1997 ). Agroecologists argue that organic farming systems that do not challenge the monoculture nature of plantations and rely on external inputs as well as on foreign and expensive certi fi cation seals, or fair-trade systems destined only for agro-export, offer little to small farmers who in turn become depen dent on external inputs and foreign and volatile markets. By keeping farmers dependent on an input substitution approach, organic agriculture s fi ne-tuning of input use does little to move farmers toward the productive redesign of agricultural ecosystems that would move them away from dependence on external inputs. Niche (organic and/or fair trade) markets for the rich in the North exhibit the same problems of any agro-export scheme that does not prioritize food sovereignty (de fi ned here as the right of people to produce, distribute and consume healthy food in and near their territory in ecologically sustainable manner ), often perpetuating dependence and at times hunger (Altieri 2010). 6 Assessing the Performance of Agroecological Projects There are many competing visions on how to achieve new models of a biodiverse, resilient, productive and resource ef fi cient agriculture that humanity desperately needs in the immediate future. Conservation (no or minimum tillage) agriculture,
13 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency 13 Box 2 Requirements of Agroecologically Based Agricultural Systems (Koohafkan et al ). GHG: greenhouse gases 1. Use of local and improved crop varieties and livestock breeds so as to enhance genetic diversity and enhance adaptation to changing biotic and environmental conditions. 2. Avoid the unnecessary use of agrochemical and other technologies that adversely impact on the environment and on human health (e.g. heavy machineries, transgenic crops, etc.) 3. Ef fi cient use of resources (nutrients, water, energy, etc.), reduced use of non-renewable energy and reduced farmer dependence on external inputs 4. Harness agroecological principals and processes such as nutrient cycling, biological nitrogen fi xation, allelopathy, biological control via promotion of diversi fi ed farming systems and harnessing functional biodiversity 5. Making productive use of human capital in the form of traditional and modern scienti fi c knowledge and skills to innovate and the use of social capital through recognition of cultural identity, participatory methods and farmer networks to enhance solidarity and exchange of innovations and technologies to resolve problems 6. Reduce the ecological footprint of production, distribution and consumption practices, thereby minimizing GHG emissions and soil and water pollution 7. Promoting practices that enhance clean water availability, carbon sequestration, and conservation of biodiversity, soil and water conservation, etc. 8. Enhanced adaptive capacity based on the premise that the key to coping with rapid and unforeseeable change is to strengthen the ability to adequately respond to change to sustain a balance between long-term adaptability and short-term ef fi ciency 9. Strengthen adaptive capacity and resilience of the farming system by maintaining agroecosystem diversity, which not only allows various responses to change, but also ensures key functions on the farm 10. Recognition and dynamic conservation of agricultural heritage systems that allows social cohesion and a sense of pride and promote a sense of belonging and reduce migration sustainable intensi fi cation production, transgenic crops, organic agriculture and agroecological systems are some of the proposed approaches, each claiming to serve as the durable foundation for a sustainable food production strategy. Although goals of all approaches may be similar, technologies proposed (high versus low input) methodologies (farmer-led versus market driven, top down versus bottomup) and scales (large scale monocultures versus biodiverse small farms) are quite different and often antagonistic. However when one examines the basic attributes that a sustainable production system should exhibit (Box 2 ), agroecological approaches certainly meet most of these attributes and requirements (Altieri 2002 ;
14 14 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls Table 2 A set of guiding questions to assess if proposed agricultural systems are contributing to sustainable livelihoods (Koohafkan et al ) 1. Are they reducing poverty? 2. Are they based on rights and social equity? 3. Do they reduce social exclusion, particularly for women, minorities and indigenous people? 4. Do they protect access and rights to land, water and other natural resources? 5. Do they favor the redistribution (rather than the concentration) of productive resources? 6. Do they substantially increase food production and contribute to household food security and improved nutrition? 7. Do they enhance families water access and availability? 8. Do they regenerate and conserve soil, and increase (maintain) soil fertility? 9. Do they reduce soil loss/degradation and enhance soil regeneration and conservation? 10. Do practices maintain or enhance organic matter and the biological life and biodiversity of the soil? 11. Do they prevent pest and disease outbreaks? 12. Do they conserve and encourage agrobiodiversity? 13. Do they reduce greenhouse gas emissions? 14. Do they increase income opportunities and employment? 15. Do they reduce variation in agricultural production under climatic stress conditions? 16. Do they enhance farm diversi fi cation and resilience? 17. Do they reduce investment costs and farmers dependence on external inputs? 18. Do they increase the degree and effectiveness of farmer organizations? 19. Do they increase human capital formation? 20. Do they contribute to local/regional food sovereignty? Gliessman 1998 ; UK Food Group 2010 ; Parrot and Mardsen 2002 ; Uphoff 2002 ). Similarly by applying the set of questions listed in Table 2 to assess the potential of agricultural interventions in addressing pressing social, economic and ecological concerns, it is clear that most existing agroecological projects con fi rm that proposed management practices are contributing to sustainable livelihoods by improving the natural, human, social, physical and fi nancial capital of target rural communities (Koohafkan et al ). In order for an agricultural strategy to fi t within the sustainability criteria, it must contain the basic requirements of a viable and durable agricultural system capable of confronting the challenges of the twenty- fi rst century while carrying out its productive goals within certain limits in terms of environmental impact, land degradation levels, input and energy use, GHG emissions, etc. As depicted in Fig. 3 threshold indicators may be de fi ned that are site or region speci fi c, thus their values will change according to prevailing environmental and socio- economic conditions. In the same region, threshold value ranges may be the same for an intensive large scale system and a low-input small scale system as yields would be measured per unit of GHG emitted, per unit of energy or water used, per unit of N leached, etc. Without a doubt most monoculture based systems will surpass the threshold levels and therefore will not be considered sustainable and un fi t for food provisioning in an ecologically and socially sound manner (Koohafkan et al ).
15 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency 15 Fig. 3 The basic requirements of a viable and durable agricultural system capable of confronting the challenges of the twenty- fi rst century while carrying out its productive goals within certain thresholds established locally or regionally (Koohafkan et al ) 7 The Spread and Productive/Food Security Potential of Agroecological Systems The fi rst global assessment of agroecologically based projects and/or initiatives throughout the developing world was conducted by Pretty et al. ( 2003 ) who documented clear increases in food production over some 29 million hectares, with nearly nine million households bene fi ting from increased food diversity and security. Promoted sustainable agriculture practices led to % increases in per hectare cereal production (about 1.71 Mg per year per household an increase of 73%) in rain-fed areas typical of small farmers living in marginal environments; that is an area of about 3.58 million hectares, cultivated by about 4.42 million farmers. In 14 projects where root crops were main staples (potato, sweet potato and cassava), the 146,000 farms on 542,000 ha increased household food production by 17 t per year (increase of 150%). Such yield enhancements are a true breakthrough for achieving food security among farmers isolated from mainstream agricultural institutions. A re-examination of the data in 2010, the analysis demonstrates the extent to which 286 interventions in 57 poor countries covering 37 million hectares (3% of the cultivated area in developing countries) have increased productivity on 12.6 million farms while improving ecosystem services. The average crop yield increase was 79%. 8 Africa There is a growing body of evidence emerging from Africa demonstrating that agroecological approaches can be highly effective in boosting production, incomes, food security and resilience to climate change and empowering communities (Christian Aid
16 16 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls 2011 ). For example the UK Government s Foresight Global Food and Farming project conducted an analysis of 40 projects and programs in 20 African countries where sustainable crop intensi fi cation was promoted during the 1990s 2000s. The cases included crop improvements, agroforestry and soil conservation, conservation agriculture, integrated pest management, horticulture, livestock and fodder crops, aquaculture and novel policies and partnerships. By early 2010, these projects had documented bene fi ts for million farmers and their families and improvements on approximately million hectares. Food outputs by sustainable intensi fi cation via the use of new and improved varieties was signi fi cant as crop yields rose on average by 2.13-fold (Pretty et al ). Most households substantially improved food production and household food security. In 95% of the projects where yield increases were the aim, cereal yields improved by %. Total farm food production increased in all. The additional positive impacts on natural, social and human capital are also helping to build the assets base so as to sustain these improvements in the future (Action Aid 2010 ). Although some of the reported yield gains reported in the study depended on farmers having access to improved seeds, fertilizers and other inputs (which more than often is not the case) food outputs improved mainly by diversi fi cation with a range of new crops, livestock or fi sh that added to the existing staples or vegetables already being cultivated. These new system enterprises or components included: aquaculture for fi sh raising; small patches of land used for raised beds and vegetable cultivation; rehabilitation of formerly degraded land; fodder grasses and shrubs that provide food for livestock (and increase milk productivity); raising of chickens and zero-grazed sheep and goats; new crops or trees brought into rotations with maize or sorghum, adoption of short- maturing varieties (e.g. sweet potato and cassava) that permit the cultivation of two crops per year instead of one (Pretty et al ). Another meta analysis conducted by UNEP UNCTAD ( 2008 ) assessing 114 cases in Africa revealed that a conversion of farms to organic methods increased agricultural productivity by 116%. In Kenya, maize yields increased by 71% and bean yields by 158%. Moreover, increased diversity in food crops available to farmers resulted in more varied diets and thus improved nutrition. Also the natural capital of farms (soil fertility, levels of agrobiodiversity, etc.) increased with time after conversion. One of the most successful diversi fi cation strategies has been the promotion of tree-based agriculture. Agroforestry of maize associated with fast growing and N- fi xing shrubs (e.g. Calliandra and Tephrosia) has spread among tens of thousands of farmers in Cameroon, Malawi, Tanzania, Mozambique, Zambia and Niger resulting in a maize production of 8 t compared with 5 t obtained under monoculture (Garrity 2010 ). Another agroforestry system in Africa is one dominated by Faidherbia trees which improve crop yields, protect crops from dry winds and the land from water erosion. In the Zinder Regions of Niger, there are now about 4.8 million hectares of Faidherbiadominated agroecosystems. The foliage and pods from the trees also provide muchneeded fodder for cattle and goats during the long Sahelian dry seasons. Encouraged by the experience in Niger, about 500,000 farmers in Malawi and the southern highlands of Tanzania maintain Faidherbia trees in their maize fi elds (Reij and Smaling 2008 ).
17 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency 17 In southern Africa, Conservation Agriculture (CA) is an important innovation based on three agroecological practices: minimum soil disturbance, permanent soil cover and crop rotations. These systems have spread in Madagascar, Zimbabwe, Tanzania and other countries reaching no less than 50,000 farmers who have dramatically increased their maize yields to 3 4 MT/ha while conventional yields average between 0.5 and 0.7 MT/ha. Improved maize yields increase the amount of food available at the household level, but also increase income levels (Owenya et al ). 9 Asia Pretty and Hine ( 2009 ) evaluated 16 agroecological projects/initiatives spread across eight Asian countries and found that some 2.86 million households have substantially improved total food production on 4.93 million hectares, resulting in greatly improved household food security. Proportional yield increases are greatest in rainfed systems, but irrigated systems have seen small cereal yield increases combined with added production from additional productive system components (such as fi sh in rice, vegetables on dykes) (Action Aid 2010 ). The System of Rice Intensi fi cation (SRI) is an agro- ecological methodology for increasing the productivity of irrigated rice by changing the management of plants, soil, water and nutrients (Stoop et al ). It has spread throughout China, Indonesia, Cambodia and Vienam reaching more than a million hectares with average yield increases of 20 30%. The bene fi ts of SRI, which have been demonstrated in over 40 countries include: increased yield at times >50%, up to 90% reduction in required seed, up to 50% savings in water. SRI principles and practices have also been adapted for rainfed rice as well as for other crops such as wheat, sugarcane and teff, among others, with yield increases and associated economic bene fi ts. ( On what probably can be considered the largest study undertaken on sustainable agriculture in Asia, Bachmann et al. ( 2009 ) examined the work of MASIPAG, a network of small- scale farmers, farmers organizations, scientists and non-governmental organizations (NGOs). By comparing 280 full organic farmers, 280 in conversion to organic agriculture and 280 conventional farmers, these researchers found that food security is significantly higher for organic farmers. Results of the study summarized in Table 3 show good outcomes particularly for the poorest in rural areas. Full organic farmers eat a more diverse, nutritious and secure diet. Reported health outcomes are also substantially better for the organic group. The study reveals that the full organic farmers have considerably higher on-farm diversity, growing on average 50% more crops than conventional farmers, better soil fertility, less soil erosion, increased tolerance of crops to pests and diseases, and better farm management skills. The group also has, on average, higher net incomes.
18 18 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls Table 3 Main fi ndings of the MASIPAG study on farmers practicing farmer-led sustainable agriculture (Bachmann et al ) More food secure: 88% of organic farmers fi nd their food security better or much better than in 2000 compared to only 44% of conventional farmers. Of conventional farmers, 18% are worse off. Only 2% of full organic farmers are worse off Eating an increasingly diverse diet: Organic farmers eat 68% more vegetables, 56% more fruit, 55% more protein rich staples and 40% more meat than in This is an increase between 2 and 3.7 times higher than for conventional farmers Producing a more diverse range of crops: Organic farmers on average grow 50% more crop types than conventional farmers Experiencing better health outcomes: In the full organic group 85% rate their health today better or much better than in In the reference group, only 32% rate it positively, while 56% see no change and 13% report worse health 10 Latin America Since the early 1980s rural producers in partnership with NGOs and other organizations, have promoted and implemented alternative, agroecological featuring resource-conserving yet highly productive systems, such as polycultures, agroforestry, and the integration of crops and livestock (Altieri 2009 ). An analysis of several agroecological fi eld projects in operation during the 1990s (these initiatives now involve almost 100,000 farming families/units and cover more than 120,000 ha of land) showed that traditional crop and animal combinations can often be adapted to increase productivity when the biological structuring of the farm is improved and labor and local resources are ef fi ciently used (Altieri 1999 ). In fact, most agroecological technologies promoted by NGOs improve traditional agricultural yields increasing output per area of marginal land from to 2,000 2,500 kg ha 1 enhancing also the general agrobiodiversity and its associated positive effects on food security and environmental integrity. Some projects emphasizing green manures and other organic management techniques can increase maize yields from 1 to 1.5 t ha 1 (a typical highland peasant yield) to 3 4 t ha 1. An IFAD (2004 ) study which covered a total of 12 farmer organizations that comprise about 5,150 farmers and close to 9,800 ha showed that small farmers who shifted to organic agricultural production in all cases obtained higher net revenues
19 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency 19 relative to their previous situation. Many of these farmers produce coffee and cacao under very complex and biodiverse agroforestry systems. In the states of Parana and Santa Catarina, Brazil thousands of hillside family using cover crops minimize soil erosion and weed growth and exhibit positive effects on soil physical, chemical and biological properties (Petersen et al ). This is how an innovative organic minimum tillage system emerged. By using cover crop mixtures including legumes and grasses mulch biomass can reach 8,000 kg/ha and a mulch thickness of 10 cm leading to 75% or more inhibition of weed emergence. Maize yields have risen from 3 to 5 t ha 1 and soybeans from 2.8 to 4.7 t ha 1 without using herbicides or chemical fertilizers (Altieri et al. 2011a ). In Cuba, it is estimated that agroecological practices are used in 46 72% of the peasant farms producing over 70% of the domestic food production, e.g. 67% of roots and tubers, 94% of small livestock, 73% of rice, 80% of fruits and most of the honey, beans, cocoa, maize, tobacco, milk and meat production (Funes et al ; Machin et al ; Rosset et al ). Small farmers using agroecological methods obtain yields per hectare suf fi cient to feed about people per year with energy ef fi ciencies of no less than 10:1 (Funes-Monzote 2009 ). Another study conducted by Funes-Monzote et al. ( 2009 ) shows that small farmers using integrated crop-livestock farming systems were able to achieve a three-fold increase in milk production per unit of forage area (3.6 t/ha/year) as well as a seven-fold increase in energy ef fi ciency. Energy output (21.3 GJ/ha/year) was tripled and protein output doubled (141.5 kg/ ha/year) via diversi fi cation strategies of specialized livestock farms. Perhaps the most widespread agroecological effort in Latin America promoted by NGOs and peasant organizations is the rescuing of traditional or local crop varieties (variedades criollas), their in-situ conservation via community seed banks and their exchange through hundreds of seed fairs (ferias de semillas) notoriously in Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador and Brasil. For example in Nicaragua the project Semillas de Identidad which involves more than 35,000 families on 14,000 ha have already recuperated and conserved 129 local varieties of maize and 144 of beans. a_ pdf In Brasil, the Bionatur Network for Agro-ecological Seeds (Rede Bionatur de Sementes Agroecológicas) is one of the strategic tools that the Landless peasant movement (MST) has launched for the participatory breeding of seeds adapted to
20 20 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls agroecological management and their dissemination among hundreds of thousands of peasants. An increasing number of indigenous groups or cabildos in the Andean and MesoAmerican countries have adopted agroecology as a fundamental strategy for the conservation of their germplasm and the management of agriculture in their autonomous territory. These efforts are tied to their struggle to preserve their land and cultural identity. The Mesoamerican indigenous population includes about 12 million people. In Mexico, the peasant sector that still uses indigenous languages controls an area estimated at 28 million hectares. 11 Agroecology and Resiliency to Climatic Extremes Of key importance for the future of agriculture are results from observations of agricultural performance after extreme climatic events which reveal that resiliency to climate disasters is closely linked to the level of on-farm biodiversity, a major feature of agroecological systems (Altieri and Koohafkan 2008 ). A survey conducted in Central American hillsides after Hurricane Mitch showed that farmers using diversi fi cation practices such as cover crops, intercropping and agroforestry suffered less damage than their conventional monoculture neighbors. The study revealed that diversi fi ed plots had 20 40% more topsoil, greater soil moisture and less erosion and experienced lower economic losses than their conventional neighbors (Holt-Gimenez 2000 ). Similarly in Sotonusco, Chiapas, coffee systems exhibiting high levels of vegetational complexity and plant diversity suffered less damage from Hurricane Stan than more simpli fi ed coffee systems (Philpott et al ). In the case of coffee, the more shaded systems have also been shown to protect crops from decreasing precipitation and reduced soil water availability because the overstory tree cover is able to reduce soil evaporation and increase soil water infiltration (Lin 2007 ). Forty days after Hurricane Ike hit Cuba in 2008, researchers conducted a farm survey in the Provinces of Holguin and Las Tunas and found that diversi fi ed farms exhibited losses of 50% compared to 90 or 100% in neighboring monocultures. Likewise agroecologically managed farms showed a faster productive recovery (80 90%) 40 days after the hurricane than monoculture farms (Rosset et al ). Diversi fi ed farming systems such as agroforestry, silvopastoral and polycultural systems provide a variety of examples on how complex agroecosystems are able to adapt and resist the effects of drought. Intercrops of sorghum and peanut, millet and peanut, and sorghum and millet exhibited greater yield stability and less productivity declines during a drought than in the case of monocultures (Natarajan and Willey 1996 ). In 2009 the valle del Cauca in Colombia experienced the driest year in a 40 year record. Intensive silvopastoral systems for livestock production combining fodder shrubs planted at high densities under trees and palms with improved pastures, not only provided environmental goods and services for livestock producers but also greater resilience to drought (Murgueitio et al ).
21 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency Scaling Up Agroecological Innovations The cases reported above show that in Africa, Asia and Latin America there are many NGO and farmer led initiatives promoting agroecological projects that have demonstrated a positive impact on the livelihoods of small farming communities in various countries (Altieri et al b ). Agroecological production is particularly well suited for smallholder farmers, who comprise the majority of the rural poor. Resource-poor farmers using agroecological systems are less dependent on external resources and experience higher and more stable yields enhancing food security. Some of these farmers, who may devote part of their production for certi fi ed organic export production without sacri fi cing food security, exhibit signi fi cantly higher incomes than their conventional counterparts. Agroecological management makes conversion to organic production fairly easy, involving little risk and requires few, if any, fixed investments. With so many proven on-farm social, productive and ecological bene fi ts, the relatively limited adoption and dissemination of agroecological innovations begs two questions: (1) If agroecological systems are so pro fi table and ef fi cient, why have they not been more widely disseminated and adopted? and (2) and how can agroecology be multiplied and scaled up? There are a number of constraints that discourage adoption and dissemination of agroecological practices thus impeding its widespread adoption. Barriers range from technical issues such as lack of information by farmers and extension agents to policy distortions, market failure, lack of land tenure and infrastructural problems. In order to further spread agroecology among farmers it is essential to overcome part or all of these constraints. Major reforms must be made in policies, institutions, and research and development agendas to make sure that agroecological alternatives are massively adopted, made equitably and broadly accessible, and multiplied so that their full bene fi t for sustainable food security can be realized. Farmers must have higher access to local-regional markets, government support such as credit, seeds and agroecological technologies. It should also be recognized that a major constraint to the spread of agroecology has been that powerful economic and institutional interests have backed research and development for the conventional agroindustrial approach, while research and development for agroecology and sustainable approaches has in most countries been largely ignored or even ostracized (Altieri 2002 ).
22 22 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls In Latin America, a key factor in the expansion of localized agroecology efforts in several isolated rural areas was the Campesino a Campesino-CAC movement which uses a peasant pedagogic method that focuses on sharing experiences, strengthening local research and problem-solving capacities in a horizontal process of exchange of ideas and innovations among farmers (Holt-Gimenez 2006 ). It was via the CAC method that soil conservation practices were introduced in Honduras, and hillside farmers adopting the various techniques tripled or quadrupled their yields from 400 kg/ha to 1,200 1,600 kg. This tripling in per-hectare grain production ensured that the 1,200 families that initially participated in the program have ample grain supplies for the ensuing year. The adoption of velvet bean ( Mucuna pruriens ) which can fi x up to 150 kg of nitrogen per ha as well as produce 35 tones of organic matter per year, helped tripled maize yields to 2,500 kg/ha. Labor requirements for weeding were cut by 75% and herbicides eliminated entirely. In the early 1990s organized social rural movements such as the Via Campesina, the Landless Workers Movement (MST) and others massively adopted agroecology as a banner of their technological approach to achieve food sovereignty. What constitutes the soul of the Cuban agroecological revolution was the adoption via the CAC process of agroecological methods by 110,000 family farmers associated with the Asociacion Nacional de Agricultores Pequenos (ANAP) who in less than a decade, controlling less than 35% of the land produce over 70% of the domestic food production, e.g. 67% of roots and tubers, 94% of small livestock, 73% of rice and 80% of fruits (Rosset et al ). Successful scaling up of agroecology depends heavily on human capital enhancement and community empowerment through training and participatory methods that seriously take into account the needs, aspirations and circumstances of smallholders. In addition to the CAC process there are other initiatives to scale up agroecology which involve capacity building emphasizing training, farmer fi eld schools, on-farm demonstrations, farmer to farmer exchanges, fi eld visits and other marketing and policy initiatives Non-Governmental Organisations (NGO) Led Initiatives Since the early 1980s, hundreds of agroecologically- based projects have been promoted by NGOs and church based groups throughout the developing world, which incorporate elements of both traditional knowledge and modern agricultural science. A variety of projects exist featuring resource-conserving yet highly productive systems, such as polycultures, agroforestry, soil conservation, water harvesting, biological pest control and the integration of crops and livestock, etc. Approaches to train farmers on agroecological methods and disseminate best practices include a great variety: fi eld days, on-farm demonstrations, training of trainers, farmers cross-visits, etc. Much of the spread of cover cropping based conservation agriculture in southern Africa reaching >50,000 farmers has been attained via one or more these methods.
23 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency Inter-Organization Collaboration One of the best examples of this approach are the Farmer Field School (FFS) which consist of a group- based learning process used by a number of governments, NGOs and international agencies collaborating in the promotion of agroecological method. The most successful FFS was promoted by the FAO Intercountry Programme for the Development and Application of Integrated Pest Control in Rice in South and South-East Asia launched in Farmers carried out experiential learning activities that helped them understand the ecology of their rice fi elds via simple experiments, regular fi eld observations and group analysis. Thousands of farmers reported substantial and consistent reductions in pesticide use and in many cases there was also convincing increases in yield attributable to the effect of training. IPM Farmer Field School programs, at various levels of development, are being conducted in over 30 countries worldwide. ad487e/ad487e02.htm 12.3 Developing Local Markets There are thousands of initiatives throughout the world aimed at closing the circuits of production and consumption via development of local farmers markets and community supported agriculture. One of the most exciting examples is REDE ECOVIDA in southern Brasil, which consists of a space of articulation between organized family farmers, supportive NGOs and consumers whose objective is to promote agroecological alternatives and develop solidarious markets that tighten the circle between local producers and consumers, ensuring local food security and that the generated wealth remains in the community (van der Ploeg 2009 ). Presently Ecovida encompasses 180 municipalities and approximately 2,400 families of farmers (around 12,000 persons) organized in 270 groups, associations and cooperatives. They also include 30 NGOs and 10 ecological consumers cooperatives. All kinds of agriculture products are cultivated and sold by the Ecovida members, including vegetables, cereals, fruits, juice, fruit-jelly, honey, milk, eggs and meat reaching thousands of consumers php 12.4 Government Policies Governments can launch policies that support and protect small farmers. The Ministerio do Desenvolvimento Rural (MDA) in Brasil has played a major role in supporting education and research projects, but most importantly has created important instruments for family farmers to have access to know-how, credit, markets, etc.
24 24 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls One examples is the public purchasing programme Programa de Aquisiçao de Alimentos (PAA) created in The program addresses the issue of lack of market access for the products of a large number of family farms. Family farms are therefore unable to reach their full earning potential. In the scope of four program lines, farmers are given a purchase guarantee for speci fi c quantities at speci fi c prices making the operations of thousands of small farms more economically viable Political Advocacy and Action With or without government support, major global peasant rural movements (such as the Via Campesina) have already initiated an agroecological revolution and have launched a strategy followed by millions of farmers to strengthen and promote agroecological models of food provision in the framework of food sovereignty. No less than 30% of the ten million hectare territory controlled by the MST in Brasil is under agroecological management. Thousands of MST members have received agroecological theoretical and practical training on the many MST institutes such as the Latin American School of Agroecology established in an MST settlement in Lapa, state of Parana. In addition to promoting capacity building and agroecological innovations on the ground, rural movements advocate for a more radical transformation of agriculture, one guided by the notion that ecological change in agriculture cannot be promoted without comparable changes in the social, political, cultural and economic arenas. The organized peasant and indigenous based agrarian movements (i.e. the Via Campesina) consider that only by changing the export-led, free-trade based, industrial agriculture model of large farms can the downward spiral of poverty, low wages, rural-urban migration, hunger and environmental degradation be halted. Most oppose the out-of-control trade liberalization as they consider it the main mechanism driving farmers off their land and the principal obstacle to local economic development and food sovereignty. These movements embrace the concept of food sovereignty, which constitutes an alternative to the current mainstream thinking on food production. The concept behind food sovereignty contrasts the neo-liberal approach that believes that international trade will solve the world s food problem. Instead, it focuses on local autonomy, local markets and community action for access and control of land, water, agrobiodiversity, etc., which are of central importance for communities to be able to produce food locally (via Campesina 2010 ). 13 The Way Forward Thousands of projects throughout Africa, Asia and Latin America show convincingly that agroecology provides the scienti fi c, technological and methodological basis to assist small holder farmers enhance crop production in a sustainable and
25 Agroecology Scaling Up for Food Sovereignty and Resiliency 25 Table 4 Global comparison of yields of organic versus conventional production using an average yield ratio (organic: non-organic). 1,0: org. = conventional <1,0: conventional higher than organic. >1,0: organic higher than conventional (A) World (B) Developed countries (C) Developing countries Food category N. Av. S.E. N. Av. S.E. N. Av. S.E. Grain products Starchy roots Sugars and sweeteners Legumes (pulses) Oil crops and veg oils Vegetables Fruits, excl. wine All plant foods Meat and offal Milk, excl. butter Eggs All animal foods All plant and animal foods resilient manner thus allowing them to provide for current and future food needs. Agroecological methods produce more food on less land, using less energy, less water while enhancing the natural resource base, providing ecological services and lowering outputs of greenhouse gases. Researchers at the University of Michigan compared yields of organic versus conventional production for a global dataset of 293 examples and estimated the average yield ratio (organic: non-organic) of different food categories for the developed and the developing world. For most food categories, the average yield ratio was slightly <1.0 for studies in the developed world and >1.0 for studies in the developing world (Table 4 ). This means that the global south has the agroecological potential to produce enough food on a global per capita basis to sustain the current human population, and potentially an even larger population, without increasing the agricultural land base. The reason why the potential resides in the South and not in the North, is because in developing countries still resides a large peasant-indigenous population, with a rich traditional agricultural knowledge and a broad genetic diversity which conforms the basis of resilient diversified agroecosystems. The evidence is overwhelming, so the question is what else is needed to convince policy makers and funders to take a brave stand and bid on agroecology? The issue seems to be political or ideological rather than evidence or science based. No matter what data is presented, governments and donors in fl uenced by big interests marginalize agroecological approaches focusing on quick- fi x, external
26 26 M.A. Altieri and C.I. Nicholls Fig. 4 The three types of sovereignty to be reached by an agricultural community or region by following agroecological principles and in the context of a resiliency strategy (Altieri et al 2011a, b ) input intensive solutions and proprietary technologies such as transgenic crops and chemical fertilizers that not only pose serious environmental risks but have proven to be inaccessible and inappropriate to poor and small farmers that play a key role in global food security. In addition to climate change, repeated food price spikes, shortages of goodquality land and water, and rising energy costs will prove major challenges to secure food security for all. This is why the agroecological strategy also aims at enhancing energy and technological sovereignty (Fig. 4 ). Energy sovereignty is the right for all rural people to have access to or generate suf fi cient energy within ecological limits from sustainable sources. Technological sovereignty refers to the capacity to achieve the two other forms of sovereignty by optimizing agrobiodiversity designs that ef fi ciently use local resources and encourage synergies that sponsor the functioning of agroecosystems. This new paradigm of the three sovereignties gives agroecology a greater scope as a tool to determine the minimum acceptable values for food production, biodiversity conservation, energy ef fi ciency, etc., allowing rural communities to assess whether or not they are advancing towards a basic state of food, energy and technological sovereignty in a context of resiliency. Governments have a major role to play such as providing incentives for farmers to adopt resource- conserving technologies and revive public agroecological research
Research to improve the use and conservation of agricultural biodiversity for smallholder farmers Agricultural biodiversity the variability of crops and their wild relatives, trees, animals, arthropods,
Issues in Brief Food Security in a Volatile World Developments in agriculture over the last fifty years have increased yields sufficiently to provide on average more than enough food for every person on
International Symposium Sustaining Food Security and Managing Natural Resources in Southeast Asia - Challenges for the 21st Century - January 8-11, 2002 at Chiang Mai, Thailand A Review of Food Security
Stop the corporate takeover of African food The UK government is helping corporations take over African agriculture in the name of tackling hunger. This will help big business make vast profits, while
Issues in Brief Business as Usual is Not an Option: Trade and Markets Underinvestment in developing country agriculture including in local and regional market infrastructure, information and services has
5 December 2015 Status of the World s Soil Resources The Intergovernmental Technical Panel on Soils (ITPS), the main scientific advisory body to the Global Soil Partnership (GSP) hosted by the Food and
Coordination of the Agricultural Research In the Mediterranean Area Call i text ARIMNet 2 Call 2014-15 SUBMISSION Pre-proposal by December 1 st, 2014 Full Proposal by May 11 th 2015 on http://arimnet-call.eu/
Photograph by P. Casier, CGIAR. Africa s enormous potential for regional trade in staples is not being exploited
Photograph by P. Casier, CGIAR Africa s enormous potential for regional trade in staples is not being exploited 11 Africa Can Help Feed Africa Africa has considerable variation in its climatic conditions
Livestock Thematic Papers Tools for project design Integrated crop-livestock farming systems Population growth, urbanization and income growth in developing countries are fuelling a substantial global
THIS IS THE STORY OF AG R I C U LT U R E GREEN ECONOMY We need to make the global economy green. provides significant opportunities for growth, investment and jobs to help make this happen. $ Everyone
HLPE report on Nutrition and Food Systems e-consultation on an Issues Note proposed by the HLPE Steering Committee From 9 December 2015 to 15 February 2016 Short Summary by the HLPE Secretariat 1 There
page 1/11 Scientific Facts on Liquid Biofuels for Transport Prospects, risks and opportunities Source document: FAO (2008) Summary & Details: GreenFacts Context - Serious questions are being raised about
Brief on sustainable agriculture More than a billion people are hungry for the first time in history. 1 Three quarters of the world s poor and 70% of hungry people live in rural communities 2 and it is
A cool CAP post-2013: What measures could help adapt Cyprus farming and biodiversity to the consequences of climate change?
A cool CAP post-2013: What measures could help adapt Cyprus farming and biodiversity to the consequences of climate change? 26 September 2012: IFOAM EU Conference Future farming in times of climate change
Collaborating to Amplify Agro-Ecological Solutions March 6, 2014 Presented by the International Fund to Amplify Agro- Ecological Solutions (IFAAES) House-keeping Enter questions into the chat feature Email
AGRICULTURAL PROBLEMS OF JAPAN Takeshi Kimura, Agricultural Counselor Embassy of Japan, Washington, D. C. I would like, first, to sketch the Japanese agricultural situation and, second, to review Japan's
Speech at the High-Level Conference on World Food Security SUN Zhengcai Minister of Agriculture People s Republic of China Rome, June 2008 Distinguished Chairperson, Excellencies, Ladies and Gentlemen,
Extensive Commercial Farming (arable) Aims Exam Questions Describe the main characteristics of the landscape. Describe and explain the main features of the farming system. Describe the changes and the
One planet. Six commitments. We can t go on like this Humanity is facing its toughest challenge Every day, our planet wakes with 200,000 more mouths to feed. 1 Every night, more than 870 million people
More money, less dependency Ecological farming to the benefit of farmers in Malawi and Kenya A briefing on the Greenpeace Africa report Fostering Economic Resilience: The Financial Benefits of Ecological
Food Security Challenges Faced by Developing Asian Countries and Responses toward 2025: The Case of Indonesia
Food Security Challenges Faced by Developing Asian Countries and Responses toward 2025: The Case of Indonesia Achmad Suryana *) Presented at International Conference on Asian Food Security (ICAFS) Singapore,
Mr. Mongi Hamdi Head of the CSTD Secretariat, UNCTAD 15 December 2010 Provides livelihood for 40% of global population including 70% of poor in developing countries Major influence on: Clean water supply
Agroecology, Small Farms, and Food Sovereignty Miguel A. Altieri Global forces are challenging the ability of develop ing countries to feed themselves. A number of countries have organized their economies
The Sustainable Development Goals: where does nutrition fit in? Christine P. Stewart, MPH, PhD Assistant Professor, Department of Nutrition Presented by: Edye Kuyper, MS Nutrition Advisor, INGENAES Project,
Grade 7 Objective Students will be able to: Describe the carbon cycle in more detail: o Learn about the importance of carbon and the role it plays in photosynthesis and cellular respiration, Identify elements
Issues of food security in South Africa and FAO s role in eradication of food insecurity and malnutrition
Issues of food security in South Africa and FAO s role in eradication of food insecurity and malnutrition Pulses and Food Security Discussion Forum 2-3 June 2016 Kempton Park, Gauteng Presented by Dr Tobias
1 of 32 Climate Change Impacts on Agriculture and Food Security and Disaster Risk Management as entry point for Climate Change Adaptation About the FAO Policy Learning Programme This programme aims at
CLIMATE-SMART AGRICULTURE Sourcebook Executive Summary Why is climate-smart agriculture needed? Between now and 2050, the world s population will increase by one-third. Most of these additional 2 billion
CIIR environmental action leaflet What s wrong with GM? Why genetically modified crops are bad for people and bad for the environment Why should we care? Genetic engineering of crops is a complex and controversial
Agricultural Production and Research in Heilongjiang Province, China. Jiang Enchen. Professor, Department of Agricultural Engineering, Northeast
1 Agricultural Production and Research in Heilongjiang Province, China Jiang Enchen Professor, Department of Agricultural Engineering, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China. Post code: 150030
1. INTRODUCTION. Rice is the most cultivated major food crop in the world. It is the staple food for
INTRODUCTION 1. INTRODUCTION Rice is the most cultivated major food crop in the world. It is the staple food for seventeen countries in Asia and the Pacific, eight countries in Africa, seven countries
The agricultural statistics series will be based on the Global Strategy to Improve Agricultural and Rural Statistics that is located in the resource section and available from the Wikipedia web page (wiki.asfoc.ibge.gov.br).
The Hanoi Communiqué The Ministers, representatives of countries, practitioners, scientists, civil society, private sector, and all other participants present at the 2 nd Global Conference on Agriculture,
ICC 105 19 Rev. 1. 16 October 2012 Original: English. International Coffee Council 109 th Session 24 28 September 2012 London, United Kingdom
ICC 105 19 Rev. 1 16 October 2012 Original: English E International Coffee Council 109 th Session 24 28 September 2012 London, United Kingdom Strategic action plan for the International Coffee Organization
IRAQ COUNTRY STATUS ON AGRICULTURE DEVELOPMENT IN POST-CONFLICT AND PROTRACTED CRISES COUNTRIES Agro-climatic setting Iraq has a total surface area of 43.7 million hectares of which 34.0 million (77.7
Summary of the costs assessment for mitigation and adaptation needs in the in the area of Climate Change in Mali «NEEDs»
Summary of the costs assessment for mitigation and adaptation needs in the in the area of Climate Change in Mali «NEEDs» Octobre,29 National Directorate of Meteorology of Mali Ministry of Equipment and
2. Food production and a. Who was Thomas Malthus and why did he see hunger as inevitable? b. Was Malthus ever influential? c. Are Malthusians still influential? d. Can we feed a growing population without
CHAPTER 1 At a glance: the role of energy in food security and climate How energy affects food security Energy is needed in all steps along the agrifood chain: in the production of crops, fish, livestock
Questions and Answers on the Rural Poverty Report 2011 What is the Rural Poverty Report 2011? Why is it important? The report is a comprehensive review of rural poverty, which accounts for 70 per cent
Facts & Figures Rural Poverty in the Developing World Despite massive progress over the past two decades in reducing poverty in some parts of the world notably East Asia there are still about 1.4 billion
The Food-Energy-Water Nexus in Agronomy, Crop and Soil Sciences February 4, 2016 In the fall of 2015 the Agronomy, Crop Science and Soil Science societies put out a call for white papers to help inform
Advancing landscape approaches to improve food security and rural livelihoods Ecosystem services are the multiple
CIAT Strategy 2014 2020 Advancing landscape approaches to improve food security and rural livelihoods Ecosystem services are the multiple benefits that all people receive from landscapes ranging from nutritious
Crop rotation and legumes cultivation: Effective measures to increase the environmental performance and long-term viability of European agriculture.
Crop rotation and legumes cultivation: Effective measures to increase the environmental performance and long-term viability of European agriculture. Christine Watson (SAC), Donal Murphy-Bokern (DMB), Fred
Water pollution, Aquifer Depletion, and Containment Facilities We face the challenge of increasing agricultural production on a global basis to feed a growing population, yet doing so in such a way that
Sorghum Production under Spate Irrigation Systems Dr. Frank van Steenbergen, Director MetaMeta December 14 th, 2016 Sorghum is fifth most important cereal globally and feeds around 500 million people;
Looking at Agricultural Sustainability Sustainable Small Farming & Ranching Understanding Sustainability and Whole Farm Concepts What is sustainable agriculture? USDA Sustainable Agriculture Research and
Common Fund for Commodities and bamboo value chains Short brief by Guy Sneyers Short brief by Guy Sneyers Chief Operations Officer, CFC, World Bamboo Congress, April 2012 Young autonomous intergovernmental
The seven pillars of sustainable, small-scale farming and food sovereignty in the Global North and South
The seven pillars of sustainable, small-scale farming and food sovereignty in the Global North and South A position paper of the Working Group on Agriculture and Food (WG A&F) of the German NGO Forum on
Risk Management in Prairie Organic Agriculture Putting risk management into practice. Ian Cushon - Moose Creek Organic Farm Inc. Oxbow, Saskatchewan Manitoba Agronomist Conference December 9, 10, 2008
CUESA S SUSTAINABLE AGRICULTURE FRAMEWORK Mission The Center for Urban Education about Sustainable Agriculture is dedicated to promoting a sustainable food system through the operation of the Ferry Plaza
Water security and Agroecology transform lives in the Drylands of Kenya Introduction Drylands represent 40% of the Earth's surface, produce 44% of the world s food and are home to 80% of the world s poor.
ACCOUNTING FOR S NATURAL CAPITAL DRIVING THE TRANSITION TO A RESOURCE-EFFICIENT GREEN ECONOMY Asia s rapid economic growth during recent decades has been accompanied by serious depletion of the region
Caleb Small, Student Participant Chaminade College Preparatory St. Louis, Missouri The Advantages of Biotechnology in East Africa Approximately 14% percent of the entire world s population is undernourished.
12 Climate change impacts, adaptation and links to sustainable development in Africa B. Osman-Elasha Strategies for sustainable development and climate change adaptation have many common elements, so addressing
Agrofuels and the Rainforest The agrofuels boom A number of Latin and Central American countries (namely Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay, Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador and Guatemala) are currently experiencing
Deforestation in the Amazon By Rhett A Butler Rainforests once covered 14% of the earth's land surface; now they cover a mere 6% and experts estimate that the last remaining rainforests could be consumed
1 A SHORT NOTE ON THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM AFTER THE ACCESSION OF CRIMEA AND SEVASTOPOL TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION Elena A. Kremyanskaya* ABSTRACT In March 2014, when Crimea and Sevastopol changed territorial sovereignty and were assumed into the Russian Federation much changed in the life of Crimea and Sevastopol. The process of unification means changes in all areas of life economical, legal, political, financial, but the change to new laws is a matter of critical importance for most inhabitants of the territory. The entire legal system has changed which is difficult enough in itself but above all the change of criminal law has become especially important. The author reviews the accession procedure, the legal regulations during the transitional period and identifies the issue arising, or some of them. Keywords: accession of Crimea and Sevastopol to the Russian Federation; criminal law in Crimea and Sevastopol; reunification with the Russian Federation 1. INTRODUCTION The recent reunification of Crimea with the Russian Federation on 18 March 2014 has required the legal system, which existed in Crimea, to change from the Ukrainian to the Russian. The Russian and Ukrainian legal systems have of course a common origin in that the mother legal system was the Soviet Union system and for a long time both Russian and Ukrainian systems looked very much like a twins. However over the last 1 Associate Professor, International Law Faculty, Moscow State Institute for International Relations (University), 256 Intersentia
2 A Short Note on the Development of the Criminal Justice System after the Accession of Crimea and Sevastopol to the Russian Federation decade stark differences developed and before the change-over the two systems were quite divergent including in the field of criminal law. 2. LEGAL BASIS OF THE ACCESSION OF CRIMEA AND SEVASTOPOL TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION The accession of Crimea and Sevastopol to the Russian Federation was effected by: 1) the Declaration of the Independence of Crimea and Sevastopol, dated 11 March This Declaration was supported by the overwhelming majority of votes cast both in Crimea and Sevastopol, in the referendum of 16 March ) The Agreement, between the Russian Federation and the Republic of Crimea on the Accession of Republic of Crimea to the Russian Federation and on Forming New Federal Constituent Units on 17 March Prior to the signature by the participants and further ratification the Agreement between the Russian Federation and the Republic of Crimea, the Agreement underwent judicial (constitutional) review, by Constitutional Court of the Russian Federation. 3) Federal Constitutional Law On the Accession of Crimea to the Russian Federation and the formation of New Constituent Entities of Federation: the Republic of Crimea and Federal City of Sevastopol of 21 March The Republic of Crimea and Federal City of Sevastopol respectively acceded to the Russian Federation as a two new federal units (subjects of the Russian Federation) and constitute subjects 84 and 85 of the Russian Federation. From a constitutional perspective their status is regulated by the Constitution and other federal laws, which take account of the peculiarities of the status of Crimea as the Republic 1 and the City of Sevastopol as a Federal City. 2 In accordance with the abovementioned instruments a transitional period was established until 1 January 2015 and it is to regulate the integration of the new federal constituent entities into Russia s economic, financial, credit and legal systems. The legal acts of the Russian Federation entered into force on the territories of the Republic of Crimea and the Federal City of Sevastopol from the day of accession to the Russian Federation and the formation of new federal constituent entities in Russia, unless it is otherwise specified by Russian legislation. Acts which are incompatible with the Russian Constitution are invalid. 1 The Republic is subject of federal nature, where it is permitted to have its state language, symbolic. There are 21 more republics as constituent parts of Russia. 2 The status of Federal City is enjoyed by two other cities in Russia: Moscow and St. Petersburg. New Journal of European Criminal Law, Vol. 5, Issue 2,
3 Elena A. Kremyanskaya 3. ISSUES OF CRIMINAL LAW WITHIN THE TRANSITIONAL PERIOD When Crimea and Sevastopol changed their territorial sovereignty, there were many criminal cases still pending. What defence rights will be affected, how offences committed when the Crimea and Sevastopol were part of Ukraine will be handled, how the judges and advocates will participate, since they were certified in accordance with Ukrainian law, what should be done where the act in question was not a criminal offence under Ukrainian law, but is under Russian law? Those and a lot of other questions arise and are taxing all involved in the legal system. In accordance with the Russian Constitution and Russian criminal law only Russian substantive and procedural criminal law may regulate the criminal justice matters, unless international agreement provides differently. It is not possible, even by way of a transitional regime, to apply simultaneously both legislation of the Russian Federation and Ukraine, since such application is not permitted by Russian law. In general, criminal sanctions are less severe under Ukrainian law than under Russian law. 3 A fundamental principle of criminal law such as the prohibition of the deterioration of the status of the accused, fully accepted by the Russia law, raises a lot of questions, as to how cases should be resolved, when Ukrainian law fixes a more lenient penalty compared to Russia. Another problem is that only Russian admitted lawyers may act as advocates in the courts but on the date of accession no one in the Crimea was admitted under Russian law. In addition, Russian law provides that only Russian citizens with the relevant legal education, and who have passed the Judge examinations have the right to be appointed as a judges. So there were no qualified advocates and no qualified judges. 4. APPLICATION OF CRIMINAL LAW AFTER CHANGES IN TERRITORIAL SOVEREIGNTY OF CRIMEA AND SEVASTOPOL These and many other burning issues not mentioned here required serious and fast reaction. This took the form of the Federal Law of 5 May 2014 On the Application of Provisions of the Criminal code of the Russian Federation and the Code of Penal Procedure of the Russian Federation in the territories of the Republic of Crimea and the Federal City of Sevastopol. This law establishes the framework for the regulation of relations in the sphere of criminal law. 3 It is described in the article by Prof. Alexander Volevodz, The Crimea, Difficult Way to the Legal System of Russia, published on Intersentia
4 A Short Note on the Development of the Criminal Justice System after the Accession of Crimea and Sevastopol to the Russian Federation The operative rules are set down in the Federal Constitutional Law On the accession of the Crimea to the Russian Federation and New Constituent Entities of Federation: the Republic of Crimea and Federal City of Sevastopol. It is provided that as from 18 March 2014 Russian criminal law applies to criminal matters in Crimea and Sevastopol. In case of conflict with Ukrainian law for certain types of crime, opting for the less favourable outcome for the accused is not allowed. Evidence justifying pre-judicial examination which had not been completed on 18 March 2014 (irrespective of the nationality of the suspect ), must be transferred to the prosecutor and it is for him to decide on how to proceed further both substantively and procedurally according to the Russian Code of Criminal Procedure. The evidence having been examined the prosecutor sends a reasoned report to the pre-trial investigation unit for it to decide on further procedure according to the Russian Code of Criminal Procedure. Where a private prosecution has been raised the prosecutor sends the file to the head of investigating body, to decide, again according to the Russian Code of Criminal Procedure. Should proceedings be commenced then evidence admitted earlier under Ukrainian law is treated as if it had been admitted under Russian law and it is assessed under Russian law as well. If it transpires that under Russian law no crime had been committed, there will be no prosecution, even if under the previous Ukrainian law the act in question would have been a criminal offence, if proved. Pre-trial investigation commences on the date of the criminal complaint. Detention or house arrest during pre-trial investigation before 18 March 2014 is included in the term of his detention or the house arrest during the later preliminary investigation. Cases in which no trial had started before 18 March 2014 are to be returned to the prosecutor. If trial commenced before 18 March 2014 it continues in the manner prescribed by the Russian Criminal Code provided there are no grounds for returning the case to the prosecutor. On a request from one of the parties the court may allow extra time for familiarisation, but will set a time limit. Jury trials will be permitted in Crimea and Sevastopol as from 1 January HOW CASES DECIDED BEFORE 18 MARCH 2014 ARE TREATED First of all, judgments of the Ukrainian courts on the territory of Crimea and Sevastopol before 18 March 2014 have the same legal force, as judgments handed 4 Juries already operate in all federal subjects of the Russian Federation in certain types of criminal process. New Journal of European Criminal Law, Vol. 5, Issue 2,
5 Elena A. Kremyanskaya down after accession to Russia. Change of jurisdiction does not change the validity of earlier judgments. Secondly, appeals against pre-accession judgment (i.e. judgments issued before 18 March 2014), are treated as appeals against judgments by Russian courts and are processed in compliance with the Russian law in force. Thus the parties do not lose the right to appeal a pre-accession judgment, but have to accept the change of legal system. Judgments which were definitive before 18 March 2014, are treated as Russian court judgments. An exception is admitted, where Russian law provides a more lenient sanction. In such cases, the Ukrainian judgment will be reviewed on application by the convicted person, the prosecutor or the body executing the sentence. Russian legislators directly waived the State liability for restitution of damage or harm, caused to citizens by criminal proceedings in the Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol up to March 18, We assume, that victims retain the right to seek damages from Ukraine should they have been harmed by the actions of Ukrainian courts, prosecutors and other authorities involved in the particular case. We cannot, however, predict the prospects of succeeding with such a claim. 6. THE NEXT STAGE OF UNIFICATION On 23 June 2014 the President of Russia signed a set of federal laws, towards for the creation of a fully reliable judicial system in Crimea and Sevastopol. In particular, the Federal Law On the Creation of Courts of the Russian Federation in the Republic of Crimea and the Federal City of Sevastopol stipulates the procedure for establishing on the one hand in respect of the Republic of Crimea i) a Supreme Court, ii) an Arbitration Court, iii) twenty four district and city courts, and on the other, establishing for Sevastopol i) the Arbitration Court of Sevastopol, ii) the Sevastopol City Court, iii) four district courts, iv) the Crimean Military Court and v) the Sevastopol Military Court. It should be noted that the Sevastopol City Court acts as the high court of Sevastopol. This set of federal laws is designed to allow justice to be carried out in the Republic of Crimea and the Federal City of Sevastopol, as well as ensuring citizens constitutional rights of access to justice. The Federal Law On the Bodies of the Judicial Community of the Republic of Crimea and the Federal City of Sevastopol regulates the activities of the judicial community, including the training of judges and the protection of their professional interests. And also the Federal Law On the Creation of Courts of the Russian Federation in the Republic of Crimea and the Federal City of Sevastopol which establishes the procedure for appointing or selecting judges. Selection is made, on a competitive basis, considering legal education, professional experience and the results of the admittance examination. The requirements to become judges of the Supreme Court of 260 Intersentia
6 A Short Note on the Development of the Criminal Justice System after the Accession of Crimea and Sevastopol to the Russian Federation the Republic of Crimea and of Sevastopol City Court respectively are more complicated, since these are highest courts of these jurisdictions. 7. CONCLUSION The accession of Crimea and Sevastopol to the Russian Federation means not only a change of territorial sovereignty. It is a complicated unification of legal systems, considering that despite the common roots of both the Russian and the Ukrainian legal systems, the years of independence of these countries led to many differences, which were developing from year to year. Criminal law became one of the most important spheres, which was reviewed by Russian lawmakers in urgent manner in order to ensure as smooth unification as possible. Unification of the legislation does not mean the same smooth practical application, still there are discrepancies, difficulties and non clarity in some aspects. However there is already quite a clear tendency the constitutional rights of the Crimean population are to be guaranteed and the legislative work, done by the Russian parliament confirms this direction. New Journal of European Criminal Law, Vol. 5, Issue 2,
Cooperation with the International Criminal Court Act (2002:329) Issued: 8 May 2002 Entered into force: 1 July 2002 General provisions Section 1 If the Court established under the Rome Statute of the International
Judicial System in the Russian Federation: Functioning, Reforms and Priorities. Dear Colleagues, Ladies and Gentleman,
TIMOSHIN Nikolay Viktorovich Justice, Supreme Court of the Russian Federation(RF) Chairman, Panel of Judges of the First Instance, Criminal Judicial Chamber of the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation
Attending Court as a Witness 2006 Attending Court as a Witness This booklet is also available in the following languages: - Arabic - French - Irish - Latvian - Lithuanian - Mandarin - Polish - Russian
INFORMATION / FACT SHEET CRIME TO TRIAL PROCESS CRIMINAL COURT HEARINGS EXPLAINED *(Please be advised that this is a general guide only and is by no means an exhaustive summary of all criminal court hearings.
Contents of this Part PART 17 EXTRADITION Section 1: general rules When this Part applies rule 17.1 Meaning of court, presenting officer and defendant rule 17.2 Section 2: extradition proceedings in a
Stages in a Capital Case from http://deathpenaltyinfo.msu.edu/ Note that not every case goes through all of the steps outlined here. Some states have different procedures. I. Pre-Trial Crimes that would
Courts & Our Legal System 2012 (Version 1.0) This booklet has been prepared, published and distributed by the Public Legal Education Association of Saskatchewan (PLEA). The purpose of PLEA and this booklet
FORMAL OPINION NO. 2009-181 Government Lawyer Employment Negotiations Facts: Lawyers A and B and Judge C are interested in employment with the Oregon Department of Justice (DOJ). Lawyer A is a hearings
Going to Court as a Witness - July 2010 Going to Court as a Witness 1 Introduction Going to court can be stressful for many victims and witnesses. If you need to give evidence in a criminal trial, we hope
UNDERSTANDING THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM Anne Benson What is the Criminal Justice System? The criminal justice system is the system we have in the United States for addressing situations where it is believed
13 September 2010 Original: English Fifth session Vienna, 18-22 October 2010 Item 6 of the provisional agenda International cooperation with particular emphasis on extradition, mutual legal assistance
CHAPTER. What is Criminal Justice? Criminal Justice: Criminal Justice: Criminal Justice: What is the Definition of Crime?
CHAPTER What is Criminal Justice? What is the Definition of Crime? Crime: What is Justice? Justice: Social Justice: Civil Justice: The Theme of this Book Individual Rights vs. Public Order The Theme of
HOW A TYPICAL CRIMINAL CASE IS PROSECUTED IN ALASKA The Office of Victims Rights receives many inquiries from victims about how a criminal case in Alaska is investigated by police and then prosecuted by
Guide for applicants to the ICC List of Counsel and Assistants to Counsel Please note: It is of utmost importance to fully understand and properly follow the instructions provided in the present guide,
Strasbourg, 27 February 2015 CCPE (2015)1 CONSULTATIVE COUNCIL OF EUROPEAN PROSECUTORS (CCPE) Questionnaire for the preparation of the Opinion No. 10 of the CCPE on the relationship between prosecutors
A Citizen s Guide to the Criminal Justice System: From Arraignment to Appeal Presented by the Office of the Richmond County District Attorney Acting District Attorney Daniel L. Master, Jr. 130 Stuyvesant
399 Section 17: Offenses against the Administration of Justice General Very often, the legislation of post-conflict states lacks adequate administration-ofjustice offenses. This section is a relatively
Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment Adopted and opened for signature, ratification and accession by General Assembly resolution 39/46 of 10 December
Plea bargaining and the role of the lawyer - the Portuguese System - At the outset, I would like to thank the ECBA for inviting me to speak on this subject. Most of you will find it quite odd that I am
LAW No. 508 of 2004 on the Creation, Organization and Operation of the Directorate for Investigating Organized Crime and Terrorism, within the Public Ministry The Parliament of Romania has adopted the
The criminal and civil justice systems in England and Wales Introduction Important differences exist between UK civil and criminal proceedings that have implications for fraud investigations, including
Criminal Court Felonies The U.S. has the highest rate of felony conviction and imprisonment of any industrialized nation. A felony crime is more serious than a misdemeanor, but the same offense can be
1 Victim s Guide to the Nebraska Criminal Justice System Information about the Criminal Justice System** ** Please note that the information contained in this booklet is only in relationship to felony
criminal law department 3 A b o u t t h e C o m p a n y L aw Offices Alekseev, Boyarchukov and Partners offers services of professional attorneys-at-law who possess a wide experience in criminal cases
Published in the Gazette of the Parliament of Georgia (November 19, 1996) Law of Georgia On Normative Acts Chapter I General Provisions Article 1 This Law shall define the types and hierarchy of normative
THE EXTRADITION ACT, 1974 (ACT No. LVIII of 1974) An Act to consolidate and amend the law relating to the extradition of fugitive offenders. WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the law relating
The Legal System in the United States At the conclusion of this chapter, students will be able to: 1. Understand how the legal system works; 2. Explain why laws are necessary; 3. Discuss how cases proceed
ALBERTA S JUSTICE SYSTEM AND YOU This brochure will give you the facts about your justice system the major participants and the important roles that each plays. In addition, it will help you better understand
Community Legal Information Association of Prince Edward Island, Inc. Going to Court: Criminal Trial Procedure If you've been charged with a crime and your case has not been diverted from the courts system,
Professor of Civil Law, University of Tartu On Effect of Constitution on Bankruptcy Law Pursuant to 3 of the Constitution of the Republic of Estonia, the state authority is exercised solely pursuant to
Legislative Brief The Code of Criminal Procedure (Amendment) Bill, 2006 The Bill was introduced in the Rajya Sabha on August 23, 2006. The Bill has been referred to the Parliamentary Standing Committee
Full list of mistakes and omissions of the English Version of the Hungarian draft- Constitution This document contains the full list of mistakes and omissions of the draft-constitution English version.
Justice and Other Information Disclosure Bill 2008 Explanatory Notes Objectives of the Bill To provide a statutory basis for the sharing of criminal justice information between the Department of Justice
PARLIAMENT OF ROMANIA Chamber of Deputies Senate LAW No. 302 of 28 June 2004 on international judicial co-operation in criminal matters as amended and supplemented by Law No. 224/2006 TITLE I GENERAL PROVISIONS
The Circuit Court The circuit court is the trial court of general jurisdiction in Virginia, and the court has authority to try a full range of both civil and criminal cases. Civil cases involve disputes
Contents. Introduction. How to report a fraud. What happens when you report a fraud? The investigation process
1 Contents Introduction How to report a fraud What happens when you report a fraud? The investigation process Who decides if the case should go to court? What is a non-court disposal? What happens at
Law of the People s Republic of China on Lawyers Order of the President of the People s Republic of China No. 76 The Law of the People s Republic of China on Lawyers, revised and adopted at the 30th Meeting
European responses to global children s rights issues: exchanging knowledge and building capacity European Progress in Achieving Child Friendly Justice 4 February 2014, Brussels Introduction Working on
Priority Areas of Criminal Justice Reform in Ukraine: the Vision of Advocates Results of the Questionnaire from Advocates Kyiv, November 2014 Disclaimer: The opinions and statements made in this document
Please note that the translation provided below is only provisional translation and therefore does NOT represent an official document of Republic of Croatia. It confers no rights and imposes no obligations
1 Criminal Code And Civil Liability Amendment Bill Explanatory Notes Objectives of the Bill The Bill seeks to: Amend section 328A of the Criminal Code to increase the maximum penalties for the offence
General District Courts To Understand Your Visit to Court You Should Know: It is the courts wish that you know your rights and duties. We want every person who comes here to receive fair treatment in accordance
Patricia A. DeAngelis District Attorney GETTING TO KNOW THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM AN OFFENSE IS COMMITTED There are three types of offenses that can be committed in New York State: VIOLATION MISDEMEANOR
Guidelines As counsel conducting a case subject to criminal case management you are required to comply with the terms and conditions set out in the Criminal Case Management (CCM) policy. In order to meet
Australia s counter-terrorism laws & Questions and answers OFFENCES This pamphlet is a reference to help explain Australia s counter-terrorism laws. There are five main sections to this pamphlet: Terrorist
Working together for a safer Scotland If you have been a victim of crime this leaflet is to help let you know about how to find support and help and to tell you about the criminal justice system. Support
Restoration of Civil Rights Helping People regain their Civil Liberties Consequences of a Felony Food Stamps and social security benefits: People convicted of a felony for possession or sell of controlled
AN ACT. The goals of the alcohol and drug treatment divisions created under this Chapter include the following:
Pro Bono Practices and Opportunities in Georgia 1 INTRODUCTION Georgia s legal system has been transforming since it gained independence at the end of the twentieth century. Prior to that, pro bono culture
Criminal Law Glossary Arrest Charge Convicted Court Crime/Offence Crown Attorney or Prosecutor Criminal Custody Guilty Illegal Innocent Lawyer To seize a person under authority of the law. Police officers
Legislation updated to: 30 July 2010 MAINTENANCE ACT 99 OF 1998 [ASSENTED TO 19 NOVEMBER 1998] [DATE OF COMMENCEMENT: 26 NOVEMBER 1999] (Unless otherwise indicated) (English text signed by the President)
Fact sheet 2 Overview of the Extradition Process This fact sheet is information, not legal advice This fact sheet provides general information only. It does not give legal advice on the operation of the
Marblehead - after more than a decade of giving visitors a glimpse into history and the way of life for america's forefathers, a local festival is in its final year the fort firelands rv resort. For more than 140 years, lakeside chautauqua has welcomed families to the lake erie shore to take part in a summer chautauqua experience dedicated to nurturing mind, body and spirit lakeside chautauqua is an historic community in ohio that offers an abundance of spiritual opportunities, educational lectures, cultural arts performances and recreational activities during its 10-week summer programming season. Lakeside marblehead free dating signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in lakeside marblehead, ohio looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom.
Best of lakeside marblehead, oh see the top-ranked businesses in lakeside marblehead, ohio as voted by local users ratings, reviews, comments & more. Cougars dating website - visit the most popular and simplest online dating site to flirt, chart, or date with interesting people online, sign up for free cougars dating website if someone wants to know a person before they can go for a real date, there is an option of virtual meetings as well. Lakeside marblehead's best 100% free milfs dating site meet thousands of single milfs in lakeside marblehead with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of milfs women in lakeside marblehead is the perfect place to make friends or find a milf girlfriend in lakeside marblehead. Lakeside marblehead's best free dating site 100% free online dating for lakeside marblehead singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in lakeside marblehead looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with.
Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of ohio port clinton catholic women and join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site. Lakeside marblehead singles dating site signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in lakeside marblehead, ohio looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom. Ohio preowned powerboats for sale by owner ohio used powerboats for sale by owner. Dating in sandusky (oh) if you are looking for singles in sandusky, oh you may find your match - here and now this free dating site provides you with all those features which make searching and browsing as easy as you've always wished for. Kawartha lakes ontario farmboy4269 75 single man seeking women this is me is that you i like to laugh, sing, make new memories, watch movies, go camping, bikeriding, bowling, play cards, learn things, cook, road trips, have fun, etc.
- entire home/apt for $125 charming cabin on chassell bay yard offers perfect blend of shade, sun, and breeze off the water lake shore is sandy and shallow with fish to be. Free dating sites to meet cougars join the only 100% free cougar dating site: it's the site that helps cougars and younger men meet online meet older women and younger men, free cougar dating site 100% free in the us & uk absolutely no hidden charges like other cougar dating sites, free cougar dating join the hottest cougars. Lakeside marblehead, oh usa monday september 17, 2018 1968: home we are one of the premier social networking sites dating back to 2003 we are a small, family-owned business and yet freely host over a million class websites our story.
Cougar dating in kalispell (mt) if you are looking for cougars in kalispell, mt you may find your match - here and now this free cougar dating site provides you with all those features which make searching and browsing as easy as you've always wished for. Gay dating in sandusky (oh) if you are looking for gays in sandusky, oh you may find your match - here and now this free gay dating site provides you with all those features which make searching and browsing as easy as you've always wished for. Fort firelands hosting final pioneer and primitive arts festival fort firelands in lakeside-marblehead will be hosting their final pioneer and primitive arts festival this weekend.
Cougar dating cedar springs, south carolina durham, north carolina – wikipedia – durham is a city in and the county seat of durham county in the us state of north carolinathe us census bureau estimated the city’s population to be 251,893 as of july 1, 2014, making it the 4th-most populous city in north carolina, and the 78th-most. Online dating can help you to find your partner, it will take only a few minutes to register become a member and start meeting, chatting with local singles cougars dating site - online dating can help you to find your partner, it will take only a few minutes to register.
Find single men in lakeside marblehead, oh find an online single in ohio or the buckeye state today this free ohio online dating site has millions of members and thousands of ohio singles. The city of huron is located on the shores of lake erie and just a few miles east of sandusky the community has all the charm of a new england village for good reason: it was first settled by connecticut settlers looking for a new home after their homes and businesses were destroyed by the british in the american revolutionary war. Lakeside marblehead bagpipers if it’s a traditional performance you’re looking for, a bagpiper might be just the musician to book weddings, birthdays, corporate functions, funerals, and more.
New Questions About Essay Writing Service in Australia Answered and Why You Must Read Every Word of This Report
Unfortunately, the majority of the students don’t know about our site and must fail a few times before selecting a suitable business. Our main purpose is to secure the naive students from assorted on-line threats like scam sites. You don’t need to be worried about it with our site while buying essays online!
One-on-one messaging essay writing service with your writer The messaging system provided by Best Essays is quite valuable for working with the writer to spell out the particulars of the project and be certain everyone is on the identical page. You can get in touch with the writer to request updates at any moment. Professional writers ought to be paid good.
It’s very clear that students always start looking for essay writing help for the reason they are not efficient writers in any respect. The absolute most crucial element in reaching your readers is the capability to engage their emotions. You’re able to find more than 1 example for each point as you are able to decide on the most appropriate ones when you’re finally writing it.
In the sphere of strong competition, it is quite hard to decide on the very best for your writing service. Our support representatives https://uvp.uni-pr.edu/getattachment/Lajmet/University-of-PrishtinaInternational-Summer-(1)/Information-Guide-for-students-2017.pdf.aspx will be delighted to provide you the answers and their helping hand at any opportunity that will help you gain handy and pleasant experience! Tons of companies forget about the very simple truth that there are plenty of varieties of English.
Also, reliable services like Edubirdie would guarantee that when the order was placed, the student would get the paper in time. There are quite a lot of considerations before placing an order. The number of assignments allows you to earn a sensible selection and make certain of the timely delivery we provide on a daily basis.
So if you’re not on the lookout for inexpensive custom writing solution, but for high excellent service you can trust, then you came to the correct spot! Another indicates is searching of the top quality material. Don’t forget that genuine writing service will bring you goo https://royalessays.co.uk/ outcome and deliver you high high quality essays.
We source writers from various regions to ensure we cover a wide array of academic disciplines. You may also visit our FAQ page with the majority of common requests. You can begin by gathering all of the info you’ve collected on the essay via your research and sort the info you find beneficial.
Get an instance of the way the perfect custom made essay for school, college or university is completed. One of the principal explanations for why college students shouldn’t fret about writing quality college essays is the simple fact that help with writing is already a service that’s easily available and accessible nowadays. Our team is composed of MA, PhD and Bachelor writers that are certified and ready to cover any region of the given topic.
There’s nothing bad about finding the skilled writers who can assist you to overcome the academic pressure. The shortage of details It’s very common that students struggle with the shortage of the details concerning the very best essay writing services that is a significant stumbling block facing students. It isn’t uncommon that students overpay for their papers since they haven’t any opportunity to elaborate the question and decide on any old writing services.
Lastly, the writers from Ultius offer unmatched quality and originality when it has to do with the last sample essay you get. However difficult it is to compose an essay, our authors can deal at any difficulty. If you are searching for top essay writing companies, try out the mentioned above.
It has never been so simple to get a seasoned essay writers on the web. Our experts are experienced in various facets of essay writing. All students are accustomed to writing essays.
Direct contact with your author is critical in order to agree what you want to have written. Free of charge services also incorporate a plagiarism report in addition to the paper. The order will also incorporate a dedicated cover page which comprises some internal notes along with the citation you are able to use whenever referencing it for your own work.
Writing companies strive to create customers feel comfortable and safe that’s the reason why they use latest encrypting software and deal only with the ideal banking systems on the planet. If you set the order at the moment, you’ll automatically get a great deal of advantages out of our services. So if you’re pressed for time, then get in contact with our customer service staff without delay.
Students find so many hurdles in regards to picking the very best essay writing service since they don’t have a lot of information regarding the service. Essay box is pleased with its highly professional customer service team.
From time to time, students, job seekers, and company professionals simply donat have the opportunity to fulfill all their obligations and stay informed about the writing that they should do as well. With us, you’ll never get stuck without on-demand assistance. There are a fantastic number of essay writing companies springing up to cater for the requirements of students, all claiming to provide an amazing service at unbeatable rates.
In response to the recent tragedy in Charleston and subsequent (and just) calls to remove the confederate flag from public buildings and monuments, Google last week announced it was jumping on the growing bandwagon of corporations that are pulling merchandise featuring the confederate flag from their shelves. For Google, this means automatically disapproving these “product listing ads” that are uploaded to its popular shopping portal by individual online retailers.
Unfortunately, in their panicked scramble it looks as if Google pulled out a chainsaw instead of a scalpel, and has begun automatically disallowing a large number of book listings that contain the word “confederate” in the title or description. Or perhaps – conspiratorially thinking – Google has decided it’s more convenient to just disappear this sad part of American history through censorship. And don’t doubt for a minute that they can.
Just a few of the “offensive” books that you will no longer be seeing advertised through Google’s shopping portal as a result of this change include:
Author’s note: Just to make our stance unequivocal: we fully support the removal of what has become a symbol of hatred and injustice from all public buildings, monuments and places.
“In response to the recent tragedy in Charleston and subsequent (and just) calls to remove the confederate flag ”
This is outright censorship! It is unconstitutional, banning freedom of speech, and expression. And we are erasing a part of our history! Why not ban Trail of Tears too? Bury my Heart at Wounded Knee? Let’s not have any books on WW II either.
Isn’t it wonderful that America has never had a war between the states or any unpleasantness at all in its history? I feel so blessed to live in this progressive, liberal, perpetually harmonious union, free of the horror of variations in beliefs, opinions, lifestyles, and conflict of any kind. Let us now celebrate our independence from diversity and pay our allegiance to the wondrous government- and media-sanctioned uniformity that has made this country the paradise it is and has always been for all within its shores. Let us sing praises that our hearts have never been burdened with injustice or intolerance and rejoice in the peace and innocence that this great nation has basked in for all its days. Let freedom ring!
I just did a search on Google Books for the word “Confederacy.” It returned 4.12 MILLION results. I don’t see how this is “suppression”.
This is either an outright lie, a misrepresentation of the facts, or sensationalist CLAPTRAP. Whoever posted this should be ashamed of himself. At least have the guts to post your name.
I find it odd to think that it is just to remove flags from war memorials. Such notions are what drive the censorship that google is perpetrating.
Censorship in all its glory , no thanks i don’t believe in being told what i can read and what i can’t i think i’ll spend my money elsewhere.
I just ran some of these titles through Google Shopping (which is, I assume, what the author is referring to by “its popular shopping portal”). All except one are listed for sale. So I’m not sure what your source is on this story.
Another version of BOOK BURNING! This latest, anti-intellectual, anti-South, anti-truth effort is reminiscent of the Bible Burnings and tracings, the, library –and church destroying efforts of Invading “Union” troops during the north’s War against Southern liberty. (Is the word “Southern” also banned?)
But we must pretend none of this ever happened. It is politically incorrect to recall Yankee troops having orgies in churches and burning them. We must not remember Yankees digging up Southern dead folks in church cemeteries, stabling horses in churches (filling up churches with manure), stealing alter cloths and chalices, and beating up preachers and priests, We must never remember Yankees attacking, raping, torturing, killing of the South’s women and little children– black women and white women-black kids and white kids. Nobody must remember that Lincoln’s soldiers-even -left a pile of fifteen dead black females in one big sexual incident. Above all we must not tell anyone the truth–that the Republican Congress voted for and sent out for ratification the first 12th amendment offering the right of FOREVER SLAVE HOLDING to the Southern states if the South would stay in the Union and pay the tariff guaranteed to bankrupt even every owner of a little farm.
Can brainwashed Americans ever realize how Marxist all of this latest episode of race baiting is? That old black magic is again being employed to get the proletariats (the blacks) at war with the bourgeois (the white Southerners) –just as was done by the Republicans, the New England Yankees, and Karl Marx.’s 1848ers. But of course, the very Republicans who helped put Obama in office will save us all and will save the U.S. government–just as Republicans supposedly saved the “Voluntary” Union during the Republicans’ War of Northern Aggression.
udscbt wrote: We already know that what is happening here is HUGE, but viewing it in a diagram is always better:
Whoa! How odd is to see in the past a reference to an offtopic post I made in a different subforum. Feels kind of recursive "so THAT's what I was doing back then."
Also, to realize how I've been "changing the past" even though I wasn't posting in this thread (I'll never get to see what would have been posted without my intervention, just, what was posted after I posted the diagram in other subforum.)
The girl who doesn't have a TV and doesn't start watching any such series until she knows it's been properly ended (ever since Dark Angel) and who therefore might be less prepared to deal with the end of Time than the rest of you.
EditTADP: I think Eternal Density's before and after hatting should be recorded as they are! It's wonderful!
buffygirl wrote: uhhhh ..... Lost is still on my to-do list (yes, I missed it first time round! I'm sorry!) So thank you for the spoiler heads-up, cuz it meant that I didn't follow the link! Woot!
I get the impression that it's yet another of those shows whose entire premise is a tantalising overarching mystery but that got cancelled before the mystery was solved, only this one is worse than usual since it went on for six seasons first. So you can save yourself the time and frustration, and take it off the to-do list. Congratulations, you just gained nearly 85 timeframes of free Time!
the girl who also still had (sic!) this on her to do list, and who, too, is still miffed about the sudden ending of Dark Angel and Firefly (and no, i don't consider the movie a proper ending for the series!).
A question for the mob: If this->* goes all white, yet newpix still appear unchanging, all white, with new hashes every newpix. How long will we wait?
vvn wrote: A question for the mob: If this->* goes all white, yet newpix still appear unchanging, all white, with new hashes every newpix. How long will we wait?
Maybe Time is his way of saying 'it's time', ie that it's time to move on to other projects, other things, and as Time goes to white so does XKCD?
vvn wrote: EditTADP: I think Eternal Density's before and after hatting should be recorded as they are! It's wonderful!
When I followed this link, because it goes to forums.xkcd.com and I'm browsing on fora.xkcd.com, all the text suddenly became much larger. So I went back and hit ctrl-0 (reset zoom in Firefox); turns out I'd been viewing the fora about two levels zoomed out. This will make it a lot easier to read when people use small text.
Edit: Blue line is sea level (left scale), orange is fade (right scale). But of course you all knew that, didn't you?
Helper wrote: The great thing about this needle-pulled thing be that it tin turn ænig everyday situation into an hilarious nightmare:
Thanks! I had noticed the sea level was increasing faster and was about to do the same chart -- saved me the effort
Yes, This proves to me, the fade also indicates a leap forward into the future... I expect we may be fast forwarding to when C/M return?
My official prediction: Before we hit #FFFFFF (probably 1 frame before) we will see another image begin to fade in.
Time! What are you doing? Where are you going?! We... We waited for you! Please come back! We'll wait better... Longer... Please?
Latent22 wrote: The only frame we have proof he edited after was frame 20. The original had Cueballs head facing one way and there was a problem with it as there was a gap between Cueball's neck and his head. He Redrew the head and made it face towards Megan and update the frame 15 hours after it Donged.
up until I posted the below graph on the 22nd he left the modified time stamps in the files so we could actually see when he changed them. But someone must have told him and a few hours later he hid all the timestamp data with a fixed value. But we still have the original data and can see when he changed many of the frames. Like the "River is Small - Sea is Big" frame was changed 2 minutes before it was posted! But now it's all hidden and I don't know of anyone doing any checking now.
I think we should set up a script that GETs every frame (with a 5-30 sec pause between each GET; optimize at will), store the md5 hash of each image in a DB and then keep GETting those PNGs over and over again and comparing the results. If there is a change, an alert should sound off. I don't think it would overload the server, but I also don't believe I could write that script easily.
No need for updating the entire graph, I'm interested if the timestamp of the recent LaPetite image is different from the timestamps of the images before/after.
Yeah from my research he is now faking the timestamps. For a while there we were able to see when he was creating the frames and see that after the initial 600 frames he started doing batches of more frames over time to keep extending the comic. And also some late edits and one post edit for frame 20. But now basically all frames have the same hard coded timestamp. The last info I'm able to guess from the timestamp data is that as of the 22nd he was only up to frame 894. So 895+ have been produced since then but they all have their timestamps faked. Note frame 895+ is when the fading started.
Also about the idea of checking change in file using md5. It is possible but the images have been reprocessed several times already and each time the file completely changed. The picture has always stayed the same (Except for frame 20) on all the frames I've checked (which isn't many). So the problem with the md5 checking is that suddenly all the images files will change but the image probably won't change. And when it happens someone would have to go though and check each image to look for differences which could be kind of tedious. Our best bet is probably to keep a copy of the images as they are released and then once Time ends/loops we can do a comparison then.
The impression I got (also having never watched Lost) is that it was a show whose entire premise was a tantalising overarching mystery, but the "truth" behind the mystery was only decided at the last minute. It certainly wasn't a shock cancellation - they went into the sixth season knowing it was the last - they just didn't bother to tie up their loose ends properly.
Of course, since I spent something like 5 years being increasingly smug over people's increasing frustration about Lost not resolving anything, I could be suffering confirmation bias...
Alias was another show with a tantalising overarching mystery that appeared to be being made up as it went along, but there the premise of the show was watching Jennifer Garner play dress-up and kick butt, so it was much less of an issue that the writing team didn't know where it was going either...
Latent22 wrote: Also about the idea of checking change in file using md5. It is possible but the images have been reprocessed several times already and each time the file completely changed. The picture has always stayed the same (Except for frame 20) on all the frames I've checked (which isn't many). So the problem with the md5 checking is that suddenly all the images files will change but the image probably won't change. And when it happens someone would have to go though and check each image to look for differences which could be kind of tedious. Our best bet is probably to keep a copy of the images as they are released and then once Time ends/loops we can do a comparison then.
Once again, I'm completely oblivious. I try doing the BlitzGirl thing, reading all of 'em posts, but I guess I skipped some important things.
BytEfLUSh wrote: It is normal to have binary changes done to the Past?! Well then, if Time must end, let it end now.
As is, does the actual past ever change once we're done with it? How would we know? If my past is on a server somewhere I don't have access to it. (But, I doubt I'm alone in wishing to make a few select edits to my past.) As for the past of Time, what's normal there is what happens there, so I guess yes, in at least one case the past changing was normal.
My latest not-really-a-hypothesis: In some works of SF, when you have a time distortion field where time progresses at a different rate within than without, one of the side effects (if it's been well thought-through) is that light emerging from the field (if it can) is shifted to a longer or shorter wavelength, depending on which way the field is going. So, if time were being sped up within the OTC, normally, we'd see it being blueshifted, from the outside. However, given that it exists in a gr[ea]yscale universe, this obviously can't be, so the only place for that extra energy to go is into greater intensity of the light. So, perhaps the Fade is merely a side effect of Time passing (& sea¹ rising) at an accelerated rate. This might also explain the brevity of LaPetite's² reappearance.
As is, does the actual past ever change once we're done with it? How would we know? If my past is on a server somewhere I don't have access to it. (But, I doubt I'm alone in wishing to make a few select edits to my past.)
Well, I believe that any change to the past would spawn another parallel universe. That's why you can't get "Time travelers party" organized in one place, one time, one universe. Everyone did go to the party - but in their solitary universe, they were the only ones there. (btw, that party sucked, there was only me and this professor... though, there was more booze for me; 3/10 can't get there again)
NoMouse wrote: Has anyone already come up with a theory that this is actually a very bright light caused by nuclear explosion and at the end the castle will be destroyed in an epic way by a shock wave? If not, this is my theory now.
[not an edit] So I thought I posted this a couple of newpix ago but it's been stuck at the ninja-detector all this time
Yeah, the 'plot' of Alias got rather tedious but the 'premise' as outlined above was good (Mind you, I speed-watched in on DVD)
macraw83 wrote: We've missed you in the Great Thread of Time... your periodic signposts were full of insight from our Pasts, and it has been such a delight to monitor your constant progress. Last we heard you were only 29 pages away, getting closer!
I do hope there is nothing serious behind your sudden change in posting habits, hopefully nothing worse than a little outside busyness. Or the best case being that you are determined to catch up in Time!
Me too. I hope she makes it before we reach white, but the good thing is that posting seems to be rather slow at the moment.
ggh wrote: I hope BlitzGirl is doing okay. I wonder if these pages might go a bit nuts in the next dozen newpics.
EraObserver wrote: Huh, people... Blitzgirl hasn't posted for 11 pages now. Has anyone... tried communicating with her in the past?
What if the past is eroding with the comic??? She may be disappeared with the fading! WE NEED TO SAVE HER!!!!!
Either that or she's just speed reading so she can get here before time ends, and posting would slow her down...
Latent22 wrote: BlitzGirl!!! Check your hair. Make sure it's not turning slowly Grey! This seems to be happening in the future/present. Just hope you're not affected as well.
Angelastic wrote: BlitzGirl: If you want to save our world, you must hurry. We don't know how much longer we can withstand the Fading.
The number and intensity of these warnings frightened me; it was clear that the thread-dwellers of the Now believed the End of Time was imminent. I was not sure if I agreed with them, but I figured the least I could do was catch up with them - then we could Wait together, whether Time ended or not. Thus, putting my new Shoes to good use, I undertook a desperate sprint for the future!
Many things happened to Time during my sprint. Megan made a desperate effort to rescue the rightmost Flag (and succeeded), but later seemed to turn on the Sandcastle when she Godzilla-stomped the bridge with her foot. Apparently the Sea is sentient (as well as big), and may or may not contain water along with semencoffeecancerbaconbabiesonice. Megan got more flags, and then got bags, and said a sad bye. to the Sandcastle. Then The Fading began, and that's where I have stopped to catch my breath, on newpage 425.
As for general events in the pastposts I passed, there was much talk over the create dates of Timeframes, recursive flooding, and something about a hasheep (sheep from the hashes). There were advanced encriptions that I read, but did not comprehend. I noticed a discussion of favorite words. I found my favorite in a sig, actually:
◌ A spontaneous, extended effort to read through the entirety of a piece of media, esp. a forum thread (See: Blitzgirl)
There was a large, flat, boring section of the thread that went something like, "blah blah blah diphthongs blah blah blah" and was easy to sprint over. There was also an XKCD thong, which needs to be a thing. Dangerous creatures I glimpsed included Lemmings attacking the Sandcastle, a rare Time-thread Troll, a planet of apes, and kindles and clowders of kittens and cats. More relevant fare included a listing of potential Outside seas that could be the semencoffeecancerbaconspambabies sea, a visitor map for the thread of Time, the Eras as suggested by descor, and the celebration of the one-month (by Outsider reckoning) tempoversary of both Time and its thread.
And now, I bring you the set of spoilers to end all spoilers in order to individually address pastposts and sigs I spotted, beginning with the dangers I was warned of and/or encountered:
BlitzGirl wrote: As Megan and Cueball use their bukkit-system to deliver new construction material to the Next Level of the Sandcastle, the thread of Time meanders along. More brief panic, it seems, when the fora were inaccessible (the horror!) and I also squelched through some rot13. Apparently someone tried to make me part of the Temporal Illuminati, but I believe reading it ALL lends me some kind of exempt-status when it comes to translation traps (I have no choice but to translate, after all). Plus I have the Whistle of Temporal Harmony right now, so I don't think it's technically possible to be at temporal secret-war with myself.
Haha! Little does she know, at least at the moment, that she has already joined the Temporal Illuminati (who don't exist) by accepting the title of "Red Spiders Eyes"!
Plus, the Temporal Illuminati (if they existed) are actually content to watch time go by and aren't really at war with anyone. (Plus at this point I'm sure most of the Temporal Knights are members(Although, not really because it doesn't exist(really, it doesn't(Promise)))).
Okay, perhaps the Temporal Illuminati are not as dangerous as I thought. And I realized, since I'm the Patriarch of the Western Paradox Church, that being both an honorary member of the Knights Temporal and the Temporal Illuminati should be right up my alley, anyhow.
higgs-boson wrote: Even more, linking the original image will cause a Great Paradoxon Of Time. Blitzgirl could get hurt.
The only things that could be worse from her perspective would be another page of rot13, or a link back to the first post, creating a loop from which she could never escape.
I appreciate the warning. Here, nearly at the end of my Quest, it would be disaster to find myself back on newpage 1.
Latent22 wrote: Yeah that is a cool idea for looping. Gets to some point and they use 'magic' or build a machine to reverse the rise of the sea. But all it does is make the comic roll out backwards to the first frame and then loop.
I don't think BlitzGirl would like that, because then she has to read this needle-pulling-thingy backwards and forwards for ever!
ChronosDragon wrote: No wonder she's taking so long, she's trapped in Zeno's paradox! Next she'll have to get to the fifth-level signposts, then the sixth-level, then the seventh-level, all the while getting closer and closer to caught up but never quite there. Blitzgirl! It's imperative that you not fall into the paradox!
Disclaimer: I'm a terrible terrible liar and BlitzGirl never said that, because she wouldn't, because she's totally going to make it, right BlitzGirl? *waits for response*
You are remembering that Blitzgirl has made it her Quest to read every single post? Of just the first few spoilers in your list, there were at least two or three that I didn't know.
Now, I'm an old fart, so that's not too surprising (I didn't even see Firefly until this year), but it's at least possible that Blitzgirl doesn't know some of these either.
Can we please agree, for Blitzgirl's sake, that her Quest does not obligate her to read all the spoilers?
Later, SPACKlick wrote: I'll note that in the post, I did try to pick older movies with well known twists but then again one man's well known is another man's unheard of I suppose.
Perfect! Thank you, SPACKlick! (In fact, I haven't even heard of some of the movies in your list. I said I was an old fart...)
And the hats make perfect sense. After all, buffygirl's signature has announced her "Pursuit of Hat Perfection" almost since the beginning of Time (or at least since Newpage 27).
I am reading it all, including the spoilers. Come what may! (Oh, and hatting has been around for a long, long Time. It is a natural part of the Thread, and as such, meets the OTT's standards for confusion.)
Honestly thought this was going to be some massive walltext to slow the rest of us posting so she could catch up.
Why can't BlitzGirl read the spoiler anyway? By the Time she does, she will have seen that to which it refers already and it won't spoil anything.
Maybe I'm just jealous that I didn't post in the right place to take part. Oh well, I sent a message back to BlitzGirl by post editing before all y'all (did we decide that "all y'all" was the plural of "y'all"?) even invented sigcouragement.
Latent22 wrote: Edit2: Note the above makes complete sense except for the rain. maybe someone can come up with an Idea for what Randall really means for rain.
The party was not spoiled for me, as I was pleasantly surprised on page 380. (I like the modified litany.)
StratPlayer wrote: Is this It??? Is Time really nearing an end!?!?! I was gone and was so happy to just get back to TIme after several days away, and restore the needed OTT-insanity to balance out the insanity of the Outside, and NOW it might be ending?
jovialbard wrote: Haha! Here it is. I haven't been able to contribute to the fancy graphs or hats, so I made this as my present to you all. Hopefully you all enjoy it and don't think the song choice is weird/dumb, but it just popped into my head on the way home from work yesterday and I couldn't get it out. I think if I actually knew what I was doing the video would be better and hopefully you find the singing pleasant enough as well. Like I said, I don't exactly have a music studio in my house and I never claimed to be Michael Buble. That should be enough disclaimers and self-deprecation to cover my butt! Enjoy.
jjjdavidson wrote: I haven't had much to add to the discussion of the latest frames, so it seems like a good time to post this:
Sigcouragement, in a web forum or similar venue, indicates a poster's use of the signature feature of the forum to provide encouragement and support to those reading a lengthy thread after the poster has already done so. It is a portmanteau of signature and encouragement, apparently coined[original research?] by user "BlitzGirl" in a progress post[1] on the 1190: "Time"[2] thread of the user forum of the xkcd webcomic, after numerous earlier posters altered their signatures specifically to encourage her progress.
Sigcouragement may be considered a form of virtual time travel, in that it allows a poster to add information about the present to a post in the past without directly altering the post, allowing a user proceeding chronologically to apparently see into the future.
buffygirl wrote: AND, I should probably have a hat waiting for BlitzGirl's arrival. But what kind of hat?
mscha wrote: I have the impression, though, that BlitzGirl didn't fully 'get' the time traveling operations we put in place for her, beginning with the request to switch her hat for a beret.
Hey, I wore that beret on my Quest from newpage 351 all the way until newpage 380. I took it off after the party because I was told via sig:
Not to mention it was not a buffygirl-sanctioned hatting, which has to be heresy of one form or another. Anyhow, I now sport the avatar sent through a Time vortex to me by Latent 22 most appropriate to the current Time Period.
Latent22 wrote: BlitzGirl!!!!! I have a hat for you. If you wear it your future will be most awesome!
Finders keepers, as the saying goes. I like the hat currently atop my head, regardless of its dubious past ownership.
BlitzGirl is a small Parisian. She is a kid. Young, full of spiritᏜ, ready to take on the world. Kicking ass and taking gemsᏠ. Her hat holds her power. Which hat it is, I'm sure it does not matter, just that she have a hat. Her hair traps the wind. All stands still until she decides its time to battle. The flags will wave, and so will the sea. She will not fight the castle with her fist or foot. She will unleash the rain and punish us with the river. All will collapse to dust. It will be as it began. Tremble before the might of LaPetite!Ꮚ
ᏠThanks for the gems. I keep them on my mantle. Hmm, would they survive in the fireplace. It would be so pretty.
that said, I think it would be more useful to look at a Blitzpages per hour (averaged to negate comas) vs Newpage per hour as certain errors would cancel and by that I get a prediction closer to 500
(sorry Blitzgirl, Don't be down heartened, please use this skateboard I have lain here for you to ease your journey a little)
Yeah, I was thinking about putting in the dates of her posts as well and calculating progress based on that... maybe I will do that today if I have time. If you give me the formula for that fancy stat you're doing I'll throw it on the sheet I'm sure my analysis is far from perfect since I pretty much just made it up off the top of my head.
Umm, I take the time in days between updates and the number of pages (blitz and new) per update to find the rate of blitz/new pages per day I then average that over 3 updates (to reduce fluctuations) The latest rates are (xPages/day 1 update, 3 update, 5 update, 7 update average)
Blitzrate is getting closer and closer to Newrate over time and I worry that it's asymptotic. Working with the
ETA some of your Newpage numbers are different from mine, where bltizgirl has put a blitzpages/newpages and that disagrees with the current newpage, I went with current newpage rather than Blitzreported newpage.
I'm getting sick of the amount of red underlining posts on BlitztisticsTM get...time to update my dictionary.
ETA2: After Blitzupdate 203/286 the rates of both blitzpaging and newpaging level off a bit and that predicts timesync at Newpage 476 May 6th
edo wrote: I haven't caught up to the present, but I'm seeing a lot of unfounded doubt RE BlitzGirl. I can't understand why, she's making great BlitzGress:
The slowdown of Blitzgirl seems to have ceased. The past hundred NewPages her progress has been surprisingly linear. I am therefore confident in projecting The Great Meeting to take place before the of the current century (100 NewPages). It looks like we'll be able to enjoy the second half of the first millpagium1 together.
ChronosDragon wrote: According to my calculations (and my calculator's Quartic Regression function), both the thread and Blitzgirl's blitz are in danger of emminent destruction! Repent! Repent while you still can!
jovialbard wrote: btw I'm going away for the weekend and won't be around to participate in the fun (awwww) so I made my spreadsheet editable in case anyone still wants to use it. There's a chance I might even miss BlitzGirl while I'm gone! gasp!
Don't worry - even if you miss me in the Now the experience will still be coded in pastposts - you will be able to go back and read it all.
jovialbard wrote: The one thing about knowing that BlitzGirl is coming is that when you write something stupid or embarrassing, you know somebody is going to read it, again. Now that I've actually done the due diligence of a google search I have to go back and edit a disclaimer into my posts about that name.
And if not me, then perhaps some other Quester, like Vytron! This Thread's past is still alive and kicking, even as it races into the future!
And now I've read much of your past, which makes it my past, too, though I encountered it far in the future of the Time when it was your present.
Jonas79 wrote: Also, BlitzGirl has been around 40 pages behind present for many longpix now... Let's see if she'll make a sprint soon to catch up Go BlitzGirl
Jonas79 wrote: BlitzGirl is online, enduring her quest By the time you get here, I predict the thread of Time has slowed down enough for you to see the end in sight.
Unfortunately (for BlitzGirl, that is), I'm pretty sure the OTT has speeded up again in the past few days...
RobIrr wrote: This might be heretical, but I quite like her missives-from-the-past, and it would almost be a shame not to get more of them when she catches up! Maybe we'd have to restrict her to only posting once every five pages..
I suggest sending a newbie to Time back to page one, and hope they generate missives of their own accord. If that doesn't work, send another one. And another. A million newbies at a million keyboards will eventually come up with all the Quest reports you'll ever need.
Getting closer! Hopefully not much left when you reach this post... The past me will be waiting with you (I suppose) my present me is waiting for you, and the future me is already happy to have met you! Cheering for BlitzGirl!!
Although, I'm tempted to denote the meeting of Blitzgirl and our present as "Blitzpocalypse", but then again it could also be "Blitzrapture"!
Speaking of BlitzGirl, every time I read one of her posts it feels very different from the PresentPosts. Oblivious of our squabbles and rants. One post miffed, BlitzGirl nostalgiaing for us, next post miffed again, like it didn't even happen. It discombobulates me a little bit. In a good way, I'm sure.
aeglaeca wrote: Blitzgirl, take Angelastic's advice and don't stop to read all her haikus. Otherwise we may have to wait longer for you than it. They are really cool though...
Angelastic wrote: Hmm, I wonder if there is a post length limit. Let's find out! Here are all 452 haiku in the thread up to the point that Sciscitor scraped the text. <SNIP>
aeglaeca wrote: EDIT: And I hope Blitz doesn't read all the spoilers, or the 500+ haikus from the thread will seriously slow her down (even with the hint not to read them all).
Angelastic wrote: Here are the new haiku since last time. I really like the first one as a description of Time; was that one of the intentional ones? <haiku snip>
I don't how she does it! I obsessively kept up with the thread for the first 100 pages, but I couldn't imagine reading another 300 pages. She truly is a saint/pope/mome/grand poobah/etc.
Oddly enough, I don't claim any one of those titles. But thanks anyway! (See my sig for current title listings.)
And so, I thought I would throw this lifeline (grapling hook?) out to the present, in the hopes of reeling myself back to the present. As well as, you know, documentation and potential fodder for fun and holy graphs and whatnot. Yet I fear my newpage reading rate may not be sufficient. Well, at least maybe I'll run into Blitzgirl as she races past me... Hi BlitzGirl!!!
Good luck on your journey, VoronX! *waves* Please don't run into me! I'm going at a rather high rate of speed.
BlitzGirl, It would be an honor just to be mentioned in one of your posts, but this... is what I live for. Thank you.
You're welcome! You have skills that I, a mere poet/knight/omnilector/versifier/bard/cardinal/BOB/etc. can only marvel at!
You would be sending a message beyond the limits of the thread of Time, and while I would read it, no other pilgrims could (unless I quote it in a signpost, like this one).
manvandmaan wrote: You're getting really close, BlitzGirl! The Croissants will be oven-fresh when you arrive!
jovialbard wrote: Shouldn't you quickly quote the "it's Blitzgirl" line before serving the cake, so that she doesn't get confused? Just suggestions. Also, jealous because I can't have any cake.
It's coming! I put it in a special tupperware so hopefully it's not too stale by the time I arrive...
Exodies wrote: Davidy is probably Blitzgirl's sock puppet. That's the most likely thing I can think of.
StratPlayer wrote: I am back, once again eager to embrace the OTC and follow the edict of Waiting For It, as was decreed so many Newpixs ago...
After three days spent on a jury for gang-related attempted murder, I must say that I am very relieved to leave the Outside behind, for it is harsh and scary Out there!
I am now around twenty NewPages behind... But as BlitzGirl has shown, it is right and proper to read them all, and so I shall.
So back into the no-so-distant-Time-of-Before I go; Where there is madness, but where it is a friendly and cuddly and soothing form of madness, and I once again welcome its embrace, for it is far, far better than the harsh, cold, and violent madness of the Outside!
Purplepants77 wrote: I wonder how ridiculous we1 will think we sounded in our current present when we advance another 800 newpix and look back on our future past comments and predictions. Will our Newpage 400 selves seem as naive to our Newpage 800 selves as our Newpage 10 selves appear to us now?? What if Randall really does intend to introduce time travel? What if all of the past frames do change?? What if there is a whole new level to this that we're not even seeing right now and won't become apparent until we reach the foretold It?! We have no proof to rule out almost any outlandish theory you can come up with, so why should we expect "It" to be simple?!? I can't handle this! What do I do?! How do I cope with so many possibilities!?! Ahh!! My head might explOHDUFDSF
1"We" refers to the group of individuals or bots that are following this needle-pulled-thingy at any given point in Time. "We" is a legally binding contract and is subject to change at any Time. "We" assumes no liability.
Let me reassure you: everybody sounds ridiculous after a couple hundred newpix on the thread of Time. But that's a good thing. Trust me, I've read it all.
Angelastic wrote: If there is a downturn in discussion, at least BlitzGirl will get here sooner. And what will we do then? I suggest we destroy the moon.
The moon might cause tides that destroy sandcastles! But you're right. Maybe we should shine lasers on it and use it to light up the sky.
TL;DR - I was too out of breath from sprinting through the Thread of Time to chat, even through signposts! But I'm almost there!
...I would say, Onward! but I really need a break right now. I'm currently under 20 newpages away from the Present, though, so I hope to see you all soon!
I'm scared that if I coma, I'll miss the End. But if I don't coma now, I'll certainly oversleep and not be able to go to Outside duties which I need in order to keep watching Time without fuss. Sigh.
It probably did. But, as with some theories of time, minor differences have re-combined to form the identical future time-stream.
jjjdavidson wrote: Also, does anyone besides me look at aeglaeca's avatar and think, "Cookie Monster in Hell!"
RobIrr wrote: I don't look directly at the comic itself; that'd be a spoiler! I prefer reading the commentary on the way to it
And wow, kept saying La petite had to do something more, but was equally shocked to see her. As I'm playing catch up, I totally thought someone was screwing around again with fake newpix.
So how much time elapsed between the two pics on either side of her arrival. Quite a change in the decay of the castle in those few pics.
Also, at what point won't we be able to see the fade? I mean, can the human eye distiguish #FFFFFF and #FBFBFB.
I don't want to be blasphemous, but are you sure that Lord Randall can influence us, the Timewaiters, to such a degree?
I believe I'm starting to detect a linear stretch on the fade. I copied, and rotated the graph, changing one to magenta the other to green, and multiplied the colors so when they overlap, they make black.
Note the datapoints line up perfectly for the center of the linear slope. Could the fade be easing out by frame ~1000? Could I be totally wrong?!
By the way, the list of Hats by buffygirl has grown considerably, but I'm sure it's still far from exhaustive. Feel free to point out anyone whose buffygirl magnificence is still missing from the page.
In particular, we still need unhatted versions of avatars. If your pre-buffydashery/buffymillinery is missing, please post an image (already at avatar size, please) and somebody will add it to the page. If you put "before avatar" in your post, it'll be easier for us non-BlitzGirl types to find.
Aahh! While I'm writing this, BlitzGirl at last gives us an update (which unfortunately will probably delay her arrival a good half-hour when she reaches Newpage 438). Yay, BlitzGirl! But I am reminded, BlitzGirl's beret needs to be added to the list of hats.
jjjdavidson wrote: By the way, the list of Hats by buffygirl has grown considerably, but I'm sure it's still far from exhaustive. Feel free to point out anyone whose buffygirl magnificence is still missing from the page.
A hat which, I might add, was NOT created by the Great BuffyGirl's BuffyDashery. But it still receives My approval, cuz it's cool.
Actually, if I unethically fudge the data, by bringing the first frame that lightened (8%) down to the baseline, and likewise the last frame... Ehh screw it. I'll just wait for it.
Although... Frame 973... Just about the place for a cross dissolve to begin to fade in? Shaddup, I know I'm stretching!
Can you please add me to your list to get a hat. My current avatar has my two Ragdoll cats Silky (left) and Mia (right).
I thought buffygirl said she wanted to adjust your hat. I wanted to make sure I wasn't misunderstood. buffygirl has occasionally adjusted hats after delivery, and I didn't want to sound like I disapproved of that behavior.
Instagram captions are most important tools to increasing your engagement,some tips to write the best ones out there.
Instagram captions are most important tools to increasing your engagement,some tips to write the best ones out there. Oct 08, 2018
For most folks, macho-looking men (broad-faced, square-jawed) are usually perceived as being uncooperative, cold and even dishonest. But these latest findings might just prove that such assumptions aren't entirely accurate.
These "masculine faces" are usually cause by exposure to high testosterone levels in the womb. Such differences become clearer at puberty, when testosterone levels rise in boys and their faces mature. And since testosterone is associated with aggression, research has linked wide faces with aggressive behaviour.
But the latest research published in the journal Psychological Science found that these men are also more likely to sacrifice for their team. More via Huffington Post:
They gave University of St. Andrews students money to play a group game in which they could either freeload off other players or risk their money to benefit the group as a whole. Half of the students were told that their winnings would be compared with the winnings of other St. Andrews groups. The others were told that their winnings would be compared with the winnings of groups from Edinburgh University, a rival school.
The wider a man's face, the less likely he was to cooperate with his group when told that he'd be compared with other men from his school. But when given an outside rival, these broad-faced macho guys got competitive. Suddenly, they became more likely than average to gamble their own money for the good of their group.
The findings reveal that masculine traits can come out in both pro-social and anti-social ways. In other words, masculine guys may be more aggressive in general, but their manly characteristics are downright warm-and-fuzzy in some circumstances, such as when they need to support the home team.
The researchers believe that this might explain a previous study which showed that wide-faced CEOs tend to lead better-performing companies than their narrow-faced counterparts, since they are more willing to sacrifice for their team.
When your best mate is about to embark on the ultimate journey of marriage and he’s asked you to be his best man, your first and possibly most important task will be to organize a bachelor party. It’s not that easy, but if you’re up for the challenge, it will be very rewarding. Read more
Born on 6th of December, 1977, in Tartu, Estonia, Nils Grossberg is a man on a mission to bring big changes in the world that would affect and change the world for the better. His first step in the direction comes up in May, 2017, when he co-founded Dagcoin is a software company. Dagcoin is behind the development of Dagcoin cryptocurrency which is already entitled as the cryptocurrency of the future. Read more
Introduction to goldGold is one of the oldest precious metals found on earth. It is a highly valuable metal that was once also used as a form of currency but over time its uses have changed. People now use gold for various different uses. It is used in jewelry, trading and also in the technology sector; where it has a huge market, almost every other computer has a little bit of gold In it as it is used to manufacture the core chips of the computer now. Read more
Copyright © Fooyoh.com. All rights reserved. User Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact us | Advertising | About us | Careers
I'm starting to think that some of my fellow Time Waiters (of various hues) might not realize that the word 'gullible' isn't in the dictionary.
azule wrote: Woah, I thought .exe were compiled programs. I don't know enough about programming on the desktop to confirm though.
A compiler puts together proper executable programs. Doesn't mean that there is no other way to generate an executable.
I would never have thought of the hashes being executable. But, if they were an executable program, I would change the hex to raw data, and then try it as an executable in Linux, Windows and OSX.
If Randall generated an executable, and then cut it into pieces, giving us a piece at a time in the hash. That would be awesome. We wouldn't have the full program until the end of Time. It would be a small program, or a long Time. If I were Randall I would figure nobody would EVER think of that. I certainly never would. Kudos for the idea. But, I think it's very unlikely.
KarMann wrote: I'm starting to think that some of my fellow Time Waiters (of various hues) might not realize that the word 'gullible' isn't in the dictionary.
Again, thank you very much! I just couldn't resist putting it on a more high-res picture of me The hat was to good to just sit on top of a lump of turbid pixels...
buffygirl wrote: Jafloi, [...] I do hereby annoint you as Cardinal Jafloi of the Chicken Salad Sandwich, mayo optional.
BlitzGirl: "wait fast, but wait well" *And good luck with the rest of your journey!!*You made it! Welcome!
Fellow Time Waiters, I have travelled far, and finished my journey through this thread from the newpage 185. Unlike the legendary BlitzGirl, I have travelled in silence.
123Adz321 wrote: Fellow Time Waiters, I have travelled far, and finished my journey through this thread from the newpage 185. Unlike the legendary BlitzGirl, I have travelled in silence.
Visitors. These are strange creatures. They take on the form of an anthropomorphic ghost. For a moment they are there. They stand, they stare, they leave. Do they really exist? Do they walk through walls? I've never opened the door for them, so how did they get near me? I'm kinda scared of them. Pale and skinny, their presence accuses me of being fat and too dark. I'm not dark, I'm just full of blood. Yeah, they're bloodless. I have fat, but am I fat? I don't think so. Besides, I could live off it if I had to. Well, for a bit. But I do get hungry. Mmm. I like nachos. I like burgers. Asian pears, baby.
Sorry for my last two joke posts. It is an interesting idea. The hash data is random and looks very different to executable machine code. In theory it could be a compressed file but then we should see a header with the file type.
As far as we knew until then, with a new newpix the last newpix becomes history and would be inaccessible if not for great projects like Aubron's. Now the implication changed: He most probably has plans about making the whole project accessible some way one day - I can't think of any other good reason for changing a frame long gone?
Latent22 wrote: Sorry for my last two joke posts. It is an interesting idea. The hash data is random and looks very different to executable machine code. In theory it could be a compressed file but then we should see a header with the file type.
Don't be sorry, it's valid idea. I don't know enough about .exe files to interpret the first portion as hex data, but you never know. Randall could be very clever with the games he plays. The more unlikely a theory, the more kudos you get if it turns out to be true. (But, unlikely theories don't get serious kudos until there is some evidence.)
I always admire someone that has an idea that would never occur to me. It doesn't matter if it's right, I never would have thought of it.
tman2nd wrote: This page and the other maps accessible from there may be of use in determining overall distribution..
Unrelated. During the slow down I was reading other threads, and happened upon the Boston bombing. While it's not thread relevant, I have question for the thread. (Seems like smart people with emotional control.) Do you consider the Boston Marathon bombing to be a use of a WMD? Feel free to ignore or PM answers if you think it should not be mentioned in this thread.
Didn't say you did. (I assume you meant user distribution, not bombing.) It is just my opinion. I figure that is better data than we will get by (not many) people posting their location. That's all. It was meant as a kudo.
KayZ wrote: May the-One-who-was,-the-One-who-is-and-the-One-who-will-be be merciful and bring this message to the future if no one sees it in the present that will be Your future but our past.
Having missed this before on account of moderation, I feel much better now about the chances of someone getting what I was going for with the "G'QUONG" NewPix bell.
vvn wrote: Didn't say you did. (I assume you meant user distribution, not bombing.) It is just my opinion. I figure that is better data than we will get by (not many) people posting their location. That's all. It was meant as a kudo.
Heeding the words of the creator of Time I have waited. For a long time I have waited and my wait is far from over, waiting for it.
One wait is over though, and here is my first post on the one thread to rule them all and in front of the computer screen bind them.
Great Lord Randall wrote: It’s shortest in spring and fall (when the Sun is over the equator) and longest at the solstice and equinox.
Wait, what?? (Yeah, I'm sure there's a more relevant place for this. Headed there next, though I expect someone's noticed already.)
Yes, I'm sorry, but I can explain! My native language is Dutch and the Dutch word for beret is baret!
Angelastic wrote: I haven't even read them all yet, but here are some of my favourite unintentional haiku from this thread (as found by a little app I wrote on Sunday, which I'll probably put online in a couple of timeframes if I don't get too distracted by this thread. I should probably add a text export to it so I can just dump the whole lot of them on you.)
feathered velciraptors, waves, <--the misspelling makes it the right number of syllables. I'm disappointed this one isn't real now.
Edit: If you want to look at the rest of them, or find haikus elsewhere, here is my hastily-written Haiku Detector app for Mac OS X 10.6 and later. I didn't get around to adding a text export, because I was too distracted by this thread.
I actually wrote and posted a few haikus about Time, way back when, but these are somehow more beautiful!
That script is awesome! Sadly I do not own an Apple-machine, so I can't use it for myself. Is there maybe a way to convert it to a windows-platform?
Maybe we should get a 'Time Literature' page on the Wiki to archive and collect all these little wordmarvels that are posted!
manvandmaan wrote: Yes, I'm sorry, but I can explain! My native language is Dutch and the Dutch word for beret is baret!
Hey, you don't know where my tongue has been, so keep your speculation to yourself, thank you very much!
(I am rather more polyglot than your average American; but on the other hand, my tongue has indeed been to England, along with the rest of me.)
Hey, you don't know where my tongue has been, so keep your speculation to yourself, thank you very much! :wink:
manvandmaan wrote: Maybe we should get a 'Time Literature' page on the Wiki to archive and collect all these little wordmarvels that are posted!
In case it wasn't mentioned yet. Let's not forget today's What-If! I found it especially entertaining and beautiful! A must read! seriously, you MUST read it, or a kitten will die.
Thanks, I'm glad you (and other people who said similar things) liked it. I can code for Windows (though I generally only do it for money, and I don't have Windows at home anyway) but I don't know whether there's anything like the Mac speech synthesis API (which I used to count syllables) on Windows. However, Jacob Harris at the New York Times (hehe; they have Times Haiku while we have Time Haiku) has a program for who-knows-which-OS using a database of syllable counts. Maybe he'll share. I doubt it; it's the New York Times, not the One True Time.
Failing that, I'll add an export-all-found-haiku-to-a-text-file button when I get home, and post the results here.
Knight Temporal, and Archdeacon of buttermongery and ham and cheese sandwiches. Nobody sells butter except through me.
I didnt know the Times Haiku yet! Thanks for the tip! (our Time is still way cooler then all the New Yok Times combined!)
It does indeed seem likely that someone here can make the transfer to windows, however there is no pressure what so ever! It would just be fun to be able to extract haiku's from random texts, but there is no real need for it :)
I was actually thinking that we could apply the script to books or moviescripts that are really bad (e.g. Twilight, Fifty Shades,...) to see if we can't extract something worthwhile out of them :p Even one good haiku could make up for all the horribleness they unleashed upon this world.
If there is meaning to the hashes I'd expect them to be released in reverse order, so any easily identifiable header etc only appears at the very end of time.
Angelastic wrote: Thanks, I'm glad you (and other people who said similar things) liked it. I can code for Windows (though I generally only do it for money,..
manvandmaan wrote: I didnt know the Times Haiku yet! Thanks for the tip! (our Time is still way cooler then all the New Yok Times combined!)
It does indeed seem likely that someone here can make the transfer to windows, however there is no pressure what so ever! It would just be fun to be able to extract haiku's from random texts, but there is no real need for it
There seems to be a python implementation for haiku finding here. I am currently at work and can't test it, but it looks worth a try.
Unless there are dramatic changes in the rate of the rise in sea level, given the height of that new barrier we're going to be here for a long Time.
manvandmaan wrote: I was actually thinking that we could apply the script to books or moviescripts that are really bad (e.g. Twilight, Fifty Shades,...) to see if we can't extract something worthwhile out of them :p Even one good haiku could make up for all the horribleness they unleashed upon this world.
I've tried it with one good book so far (Old Man's War by John Scalzi; the results are about a third of the way down), but I think I might start up a new blog with the results from other texts. I'd happily take requests of other books (horrible or otherwise) to haikuvenate, but they'd have to be ones whose full text is legally available, preferrably under some kind of free license (I mistakenly remembered that Old Man's War was Creative Commons, but now I can't find any proof of that. It is available DRM-free though, and Scalzi doesn't seem to be the kind of guy who'd object to this kind of thing at all.)
Purplepants77 said that one of the haiku I found is from a Hendrix song, but I don't know Hendrix well enough to know which one.
What if Randall has encoded an audio message, where each frame represents one data point of a wave file? E.g. the height of the wave could be established by measuring the number of changed pixels in the frame?
This would be awesomely slow of course... even at the low rate of a 22kHz file, we have only received about 0.036 seconds of sound.
Lost Greatest Silent Baby X Y Z. "There is no one who loves pain itself, who seeks after it and wants to have it, simply because it is pain..."
I was kind of thinking an image file might be most appropriate. Almost like in Contact (more so the book than the movie), where there's the obvious video signal, but another more subtle image signal hidden within the same waves (but in a different, orthogonal way). Of course, the other ideas are certainly possible too; it could be anything binary-encodable, really. I just hope he's not encoding an entire universe this way, or we could be Waiting For It far beyond our natural lifetimes.
The Fruity Slicer is a neat little plugin for slicing (beat) samples/loops into segments that are independently playable from the Piano roll or a controller. With a little creativity you can achieve really cool results.
For example, in addition to slicing beat samples you can also use it to create stutter and other effects for vocals or to slice and re-arrange entire songs.
I will not be able to explain everything in a single tutorial, but I do hope that reading this article will inspire you to do something different next time and spice up your composition with the Fruity Slicer.
Once you have added the Fruity Slicer, you can add a sample via the Load sample… option in the Sample menu. See below:
Browse to the sample of your choice and load it. For the purpose of this tutorial I will load a beat (dance) sample. Later I will load some vocal samples and even and entire song. But let’s not rush. First we need to understand some of the basics.
Note that you can also add a sample directly to the Fruity Slicer, by right-clicking the sample in the Browser and choosing Open in new Fruity Slicer channel. See below:
Immediately after you load a sample, Fruity Slicer will slice it into segments (slices) and dump a score to the Piano Roll. See below:
You may now understand that you can program a completely new groove based on the individual slices. For example, have a look at the Piano Roll og the Fruity Slicer channel below:
You can see that each slice (from #1 to #8) is triggered by a different root note. Given this, I programmed a new beat pattern that uses the beats from the original sample. I suggest that you try this yourself. Load a sample and play around a bit with the individual slices and program a new beat.
Fruity Slicer uses a beat detection algorithm to slice the sample into pieces so that you can play the beats independently in the Piano Roll. If the sample contains slice/region data, however, the sample will be sliced automatically without the use of the algorithm. Either way, it is possible to ajust the slicing afterwards. We can remove and split slices manually in the slice properties screen (2) or we can select a method to (re)slice the sample from the Beat slicer button.
You can remove and split slices by selecting the slice you want to remove or split in the slicer preview screen (1) and then right-clicking in the slice properties view (2). See below:
Now, adding a slice is done in a similar manner. Select the slice you want to split and then – in the slice properties window – right-click at the exact position where you want the slice to be split. In the menu choose Split slice.
Note that any change is automatically reflected in the Piano Roll as long as the Auto-Dump feature is enabled. See below:
Be careful with this. You may have programmed something cool in the Piano Roll, but any action in the Fruity Slicer plugin will immediately influence the Piano Roll pattern (and maybe completely reset it) if this option has been enabled.
The first three options (Dull auto-slicing, Medium auto-slicing and Sharp auto-slicing) are the options for auto-slicing the sample with three predefined values for the slice thresholds (they affect how fine grained the sample is sliced). To understand this select each of the three options and look at the settings for the Low and High threshold knobs at the bottom of the plugin.
In the screenshot shown above I selected the Sharp auto-slicing option. As you can see, the Low and High threshold knobs have changed position (compared to the default Medium auto-slicing settings). Now, you can also affect the slicing yourself by simply turning the knobs. Doing this will immediately affect the slicing in the slicer preview screen.
The next five options (1/6, 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 beat and Beat) will divide the sample in beat quantized slices regardless of the content (beat detecting algorithm is not used). For instance, selecting 1/6 will have the following effect.
Individual slices can also be adjusted via the pitch (1), time stretch (2), attack (3), decay (4) controls. See below:
Instead of explaining this in detail, I suggest you simply play around with these controls a bit and listen to the effect that they have. Try this in combination with the stretching method options in the Beat slicer menu (Fill gaps, Alternate fill gaps, etc.).
Naturally, the pitch is something that you will really need to use if you slice vocal samples (for example).
More often than not, you have a song with a specific bpm (beats per minute) and a sample with a different bpm. To adjust the bpm of the original sample, use the BPM/Beats controls on the Fruity Slicer plugin. See below:
Ok, I think we have come to the point where we should have some fun with a vocal sample (merely summing up menu options is a bit boring in the long run, isn’t it?). Also, it will further illustrate what you can achieve with the Fruity Slicer.
A cool vocal element in your composition can really spice up your song. For example, the repetative (stuttering) vocal effect (with optional delays and reverbs) is quite a common element. To illustrate how you can achieve something like this with the Fruity Slicer, I load the following vocal sample in the Fruity Slicer plugin:
Try for example the Reverse, Random and Flatten options. They rearrange the pattern to play the slices in reversed order (Reverse), create a random pattern (a different pattern each time you select the Random option) and a flat pattern (Flatten) respectively. I guarantee you instant inspiration when you use those - and other - options in this menu. Of course, you can use those on beat samples as well and not only on vocal samples.
No matter how crazy it gets, you can always get back to the normal pattern by selecting the Normal option.
What this does is create a new Audio channel with the slice as the sample. In the screenshot below you can see that I have dumped all six slices onto my Step Sequencer.
The cool thing about this is that I can assign each Audio channel to a different mixer track. This opens up a whole range of new possibilities, don’t you agree? To make a long story, a bit shorter, look at the Step Sequencer below:
In a matter of minutes I programmed my vocal patterns, effects, basic groove and a pad. After a bit more tuning, I came up with the following:
Ok, I know it is not a full blown composition, but I think you get my point. Slicing vocal samples using the Fruity Slicer and then dumping them onto the Step Sequencer gives you some really cool options.
Now, what applies to a small loop/sample, applies to an entire song as well. In other words, you can load one of your existing compositions (e.g. in MP3 format) in the Fruity Slicer and re-arrange the different bits and pieces.
That was all for this time! As always, there is much more to tell, but my main objective is to give you some new insights and inspiration, not to describe every little feature in detail. A second reason is that my eyes hurt. Anyway, happy composing and see you hopefully in the next tutorial :)
siiiiick....ur my new mentor :) will be reading everything i can on this site i have massive potential to create music with fl just dont know how to use it propa yet...nice one... djmanix london
Also I have Ableton and I just got SliceX. Does SliceX have the same features like Slicer? The features I'm talking about is the 'Pitch', 'Stretch' 'Attack' 'Decay' and the 'Reverse'. 'Random' feature???
I really like Fruity Loops for the way it let you make music the simple way, i think it's a great way to teach any one who's learning how to make music, like the tutorial on the beat slicer will be using this more often now i know what it can actually do thanks www.soundofmusicmobiledisco.com
Great tutorial mate, keep up the good work, lots of interesting news and tips for people who start up their journey with sampling and FL Studio
Hi, thank you fo your article about slicing. At the end you talk about arranging the song and a future post... When do you think it will be possible to read it? ^^ That's exactly what i'm planning to do (by the discovering the software and searching tutorials on slicing, yours really really helped thank you)
It has been proved that our water can help stay in healthy condition and cure diseases caused by active oxygen by eliminating active oxygen.
VITAL WATER PLUS generates oxygen rich and hydrogen rich alkaline reduced water with low ORP using natural mineral. The active hydrogen contained in alkaline water using VITAL WATER PLUS is coupled with active oxygen and make it harmless.
If water has an anti-oxidation capability which can eliminate active oxygen, drinking water can remove excessive active oxygen without any side effects and help cure various diseases which are caused by active oxygen.
Sermons, sayings and miscellany from an Anglo/Irish/Cherokee Episcopal Priest and seeker, looking for the light, while often in the dark...
Jesus is once again, patiently, creatively, doggedly trying to give the disciples an idea of the Kingdom of Heaven.
After the parable of the Weeds, Jesus gives the disciples an explanation, two parables later. I am a little suspicious of this, given that Jesus very rarely explained anything, and, like a Zen master tended to leave his puzzling words to work the minds and hearts of the listener. Modern scholars have been just as puzzled, and there have been many interpretations of what the parable of the weeds might actually mean. But one struck me as particularly likely, given what we know about Jesus.
This interpretation said that Jesus was indeed using the weed-clogged field as a metaphor for the Kingdom of Heaven, but this was a Kingdom of Heaven in which there were neither enemies, children of the evil one, a devil or weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Jesus was making a declaration against the efforts to purify a community of human “weeds” –an all to common tendency in those days. He is decrying the practice of making brutal distinctions between tribes, and exterminating or banishing those who did not fit in. Jesus suggests that these differences, if indeed they are significant, will be addressed by God on judgment day, and are beyond the scope of humankind to meddle in. Even the weeds, he says, must be left to grow, even to flourish along side the grain.
The news this past week has been devastating. The brutal “weeding out” of the other has reached such tragic proportions that the pain is sent like shockwaves all over the world. Four Palestinian children, a nine year old, two ten year olds and an eleven year old were killed last week as they played on the beach, by rockets from an Israeli plane. They were all from the same family, a family so devastated that the pictures of their faces are unbearable to behold. As their parents would say of these lost children, “To God they belong and to God they will return”
This was only the last incident in the killing of many Palestinian civilians, collateral damage in the surge of violence following the killing of three Israeli teenagers.
Two of the slain Israeli boys were sixteen, the other nineteen. The first clues the police found in searching for their bodies were their teffillin- leather-bound holy texts discovered in a burned out car. The teffillin are part of the life of every observant Jewish boy and are bound on their arms during prayer in obedience to the instructions in Leviticus: “You shall teach the commandments to your children and shall talk of them when you sit in your house and when you walk by the way and when you lie down and when you rise up. You shall bind them as a sign on your arm.” As the parents of the young men would say, “May their names be for a blessing”.
Seventy thousand children have been sent by their parents out of the most terrifying conditions to throw themselves on the barely existent mercy of our great nation. I heard a newscast describing the life of a child in Honduras, whose school has come under the control of a drug cartel. The drug lords send recruiters into the schools and if the teachers try to get in the way of the abduction of children, a gun is held to their heads. If they still don’t comply, they are shot. Then the abducted children are forced to go back into the school to recruit more innocents. Many people, including children, have been killed by these drug lords. But we don’t want the children here. We think they should be sent back.
The town of Murrieta, Arizona exploded in protest when buses of young immigrants, some as young as six years old, drove into town to process the overflowing numbers of children. A crowd held up signs that said, “Non-Yankees Go Home” and “Return to Sender.” The buses were forced to turn around and seek another location for the processing. Patrice Lynes, a Murietta resident was quoted as saying, “I’m so happy,” she said. “I feel Murrieta inspired America. I think it’s awesome… We’re standing up as patriotic Americans to enforce our laws at the borders.” I saw a picture of a detention center which I first thought was a picture of a morgue.
There were dozens of small bodies wrapped in what appeared to be tinfoil, laid out like sardines. I then realized they were sleeping children wrapped in emergency blankets. Walls of chain-link fencing surrounded the sleeping children. As their parents would say, Que sueñes con los angelitos “May they dream of angels.”
In Paul’s letter to the Romans, we are given us some welcome perspective- some desperately needed hope for the pain we are all feeling now, in this time of violence and brutality. Now, as Paul tells us, all creation is groaning with the labor pains, and not only the creation, but we ourselves, groan inwardly while we wait for adoption, the redemption of our bodies.
We await the birth of the time when we will know without hesitation that we are all children of the same God, all children of the same sower, all heirs as Paul tells us, free from the slavery of violence, of hatred.
I hope and pray that the sufferings of the present time will be worth the glory that will be revealed to us.
I have no doubt that Jesus would not rip out the tender shoots from where they are, knowing it would damage not only the introduced plants, but the wheat as well. I have no doubt that Jesus sees no difference between Israeli teenagers, Palestinian children, Latino refugees, and first world children.
I know that for all our pristine vestments, cathedrals and sacred vessels, God is not a God of purity. And in spite of the artistic interpretations of Jacob’s ladder, it must be remembered that the angels traveled up AND down that ladder, perhaps traveling down to lend a hand to those small sleeping angels. God is not a God of “up.” God is always down. Down to the level of the poor, the refugee, the wounded, the hungry, the weeds. God knows that you can’t build a bridge from up in the air. You have to start down low. At the level of a child.
The children killed on the beach were all from the same family, and we must somehow remember that we are all from the same family, all children of a God who knows our inmost parts, who has searched us out and knows us, and loves us even in all our brutal betrayal.
There is nowhere we can flee where God is not, as Godless as the world may seem. If we say, “Surely the darkness will cover us, and the light around us becomes night” God will be with us. Search us out, God, know us, and bring us into your new creation.
Our Gospel passage follows the sending out of the twelve apostles, with many instructions and warnings. Cast out unclean spirits, says Jesus, cure every disease, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, He doesn’t ask much. But Jesus also warns, “Go nowhere among the Gentiles and enter no town of the Samaritans. Go, rather, only to the lost tribe of Israel.”
I am sending you, he says, like sheep into the midst of wolves. It seems the disciples are being sent out into a very bad neighborhood indeed.
Then comes the good news: Jesus talks a lot about welcoming. He says: “Whoever welcomes you welcomes me, and whoever welcomes me welcomes the one who sent me.” He goes on to say, that whoever offers even a cup of cold water to the disciple, (one of these little ones, he calls them) will never lose their reward.” God will be with them.
Our Old Testament passage is one of the most disturbing and puzzling of them all. Here, a little one is offered not water, but fire. Abraham is instructed by God to sacrifice his beloved son Isaac. As the story progresses, the son seems to be happily accompanying his father, carrying the wood obediently on his back, only asking finally where the lamb is that they are to sacrifice. We cannot know if Abraham betrayed any emotion when he simply says, “God will provide the lamb.”
Like the twelve disciples, we here at Good Shepherd, have been sent out. Like Jesus, the Holy Spirit blasted us out into the wilderness for a forced discernment, just after our baptism of fire. And like Abraham, a great sacrifice has been asked of us. We had been very comfortable in a gorgeous interior space for a very long time. But that dear space was sacrificed. We were forced into a long exile- an exile during which we worshiped in the same place as the great weekly Friday lunch gathering of our brothers and sisters of the outside world, of every tribe.
These guests are not from the tribe of Israel, although many could be identified as lost sheep. We had to begin to notice that our church community was fed in the building on Sunday at 11:00 and the neighborhood was fed at 12:00 on Fridays. But as I have noted, our Episcopal force field lowered to unprecedented levels, and some of the Friday guests and their friends even began to join us on Sundays.
We were sent out. Out of our comfort zone- out to a new place where we saw who we really were. And even more than simply worshipping in our parish hall, we were sent out to be the church outside, not just welcoming from the inside.
Even just by worshipping here in the parish hall, we were suddenly sent out into the neighborhood, and the neighborhood welcomed us.
I went on another Night Walk Against Gun Violence week before last. This one was based out of McGee Ave Baptist Church. We literally went out into the neighborhood, as this community of Good Shepherd, with so many others did last October, and we, too were hardily welcomed. As we gathered in a circle of prayer at the spot where yet another person had been shot, a woman came running out of her house in her bare feet, towing her two young sons along, just to tell us how grateful she was that we cared about the neighborhood. One young man even followed us back into the church. At the debriefing afterwards, there were three African American speakers- three Abrahams who are not willing to sacrifice any more Isaacs. The first one, Pastor Michael Smith, told a story about a conversation he had with a person he kindly referred to as a “street pharmacist.” He asked the man, “How is it that you get the trust of these young people? Why do they come to you for solutions?”
The dope dealer (my less compassionate term) said to him, “When the kids go to school in the morning at 8:00AM I am there. When they get out of school and come home at 3:00 I am there. When they sneak out of their houses at 11:00PM to meet up or get snacks I am there.” Then he looked at Pastor Smith and said, “Where are you?”-
He had a point. We have an epidemic of sacrificed Isaacs in our neighborhood and in our city. No one has listened hard enough to hear God saying, no- stop the sacrifice- do no harm to these children. Sacrifice something else!
We here at Good Shepherd have indeed had our own sacrifice. A great loss of something very dear to us. One of the first things we were sent out to do was to take care of each other, and this we have done marvelously well. To me, this closeness we have achieved, this caring for one another shows us that we will not meet with more sacrifice if we continue to open our circle. Because we are sent out all together. So it could be that the only thing that was really sacrificed was our loneliness, our distance from our brothers and out sisters who were so close at hand.
When we come back to our Jerusalem after our long exile, we will see that though the exterior of our beloved church is just the same, the inside will be different. To me it would not make sense to be sent out and then return to exactly the same place. -Our Gospel passage speaks of welcome, and I believe that we are called to make room for more of our brothers and sisters, and to make our church more accessible to everyone.
When the flooring was first being repaired, we discovered that the original floor was almost 100% level, with just a small raised altar at the very front where the priest celebrated with his (and I do mean his) back to the congregation.
We are restoring the level floor, but adding a movable raised platform that can be placed anywhere in the space. It will be the most flexible interior possible. It will be much more navigable for all abilities, and it will put the emphasis on welcoming community.
The other great change is the chairs. We will have one hundred new and beautiful chairs which will seat more people, be much more accessible and comfortable, and allow more welcoming worship styles. We even have a few raised chairs to welcome those with ailing knees and hips. We will be able to express the welcoming circle we share at the Eucharist by forming worship in the round if we want. We will never be the same people as we were before we were sent out, and our space will never be the same either.
We have been sent out. With whatever gifts we have or do not have, we have been sent out to heal the sick, to heal each other, to bring life to those who seem dead, and to take care of the little ones. But most of all, we are sent to bring the church to the lost sheep of every tribe and nation, including our own. Amen
The Spirit of God, that moved over the dark waters at Creation, when the earth was without form, that flew down from heaven in a rushing wind, that Jesus exhaled softly, came to rest on the disciples on that Pentecost morning.
The result was astounding. They were inside the house, and yet all those down in the street could hear the cacophony of their many tongues- the drunken, firey, ecstatic sound of their voices.
What happened to them? How were they so utterly transformed? What kind of glory overtook them? How were they made to prophesy, to have visions, to dream dreams? Whatever it was, we might be tempted to say, in the modern vernacular, “I’ll have what they’re having.”
Highly contagious ecstasy, firey energy, a means of communicating that went past all barriers. So full of life, so unencumbered that they seemed to be drunk. I’ll have what they’re having.
This Pentecost miracle occurred 50 days after the Easter miracle. But there is absolutely no separation between Easter and Jesus’ exhalation of the Holy Spirit in our reading from the gospel of John, because it happens on Easter Eve. Not only is there no fire or mighty wind, but Jesus gives absolutely no clue, either to his disciples or to us, as to what he is commissioning them to do.
And yet on this first Easter evening, on this first encounter with the risen Christ, his gift is the breath of the Holy Spirit. And once you are filled with the Holy Spirit, by definition, you will know what to do.
It seems to me that this is a Pentecost moment for all of us here at this church. We are situated in a neighborhood not unlike that described in our reading from Acts. There are people here, not necessarily pious people, from every nation under heaven and the diversity is not only geographical. It is spiritual, cultural, economic, age-related and spans a breath taking range of abilities of every sort, or lack thereof.
We are about to publicly reopen the church that we thought none of them had ever noticed. And we have learned that they HAVE noticed us, that in fact, they always had noticed us. Perhaps we just didn’t notice them. When the scaffolding was removed, people stood in a line at the curb gawking. People of all languages. They couldn’t get over it. People driving their cars pulled over and took a look.
I got the following phone message on the church line. “I am a human person and hate religion and Christianity, but I love you guys. You are so good to the neighborhood. I am so glad you rebuilt the church!”
As Teddy and Tom Slocumb handed out flyers advertising the San Francisco Scottish Fiddler’s Concert, people asked Teddy if we would have a series of open houses once the church was finished so they could all see it- you know- more than just one grand opening. “Yes!” I said! We will hold a long series of open houses every single Sunday from 11:00 to one WITH a free snack!” I know that is not what they meant, but that is what we offer.
What will happen when all those neighbors and curiosity seekers come and see our church? Will we be able to speak their language? Will we be able to welcome the language of children, and not just tolerate them? Will be able to do what we have been sent to do? Although the fire at the church is long extinguished, I hope we will still have some fire in the belly. And I hope we always remember what we have been through these past two years.
We have been refugees, although we are only 50 feet from home. We have persevered, we have worked to keep our worship strong, we have been patient, and we been transformed, but not in a way we ever would have planned on or sought.
We have been filled with the Holy Spirit, every bit as much as those disciples of long ago. And however much static and even furniture that might tend to obscure it, we are all temples of the Holy Spirit.
Can we now welcome those of many languages? Can we welcome the language of those familiar to our Friday free lunches, but not our church? Can we be drunk on our own good fortune, to have such an amazing opportunity to prophesy? To have visions, to dream dreams of what do we want this church to be?
Peter quotes the glorious hymn written by the prophet Joel perhaps 900 years before. An amazing, inclusive, outrageously optimistic prophesy of future glory for humankind.
“I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young ones shall see visions, and your old ones shall dream dreams. Even upon my slaves, both men and women, in those days I will pour out my Spirit; and they shall prophesy.” -Acts 2:17-18.
At our Bishop Committee retreat, a week before Easter, we did have visions and we did dream dreams, and we have the drawings to prove it. We went through a process called theological reflection. We first came up with an image that expressed what we felt about the experience of having gone through the fire and having persevered as a welcoming faith community. It was a vision of a church, which was utterly wide open. Its walls were open to the street, and people were looking in from the neighborhood and some were walking up the stairs. We noticed that the way the chairs all faced the altar in the back made it so that the parishioners all had their backs to those who entered. This is why we wanted to try worship in the round.
When we took the next step, to find a biblical image that related to our vision, we came up with Jesus in the town square, openly teaching and healing. Open to everyone. Jesus breathing the Holy Spirit all over the place.
Last week I preached a great deal about glory, because that seemed to be a key word in our gospel reading. We found out that it meant power, splendor, light, importance, weightiness and weightlessness. The disciples at Pentecost received a kind of glory- a kind of holy power- they were on fire with the Holy Spirit- they were blazingly alive.
The second century bishop and theologian Iraneus defined glory as a kind of Pentecost that is the birthright of everyone- a Pentecost poured out on all flesh. “The glory of God,” he said, “is the human person fully alive.” This is what is promised- life and life abundant if we follow the promptings of the Spirit. If we use the life we are gifted with to offer ourselves and our spirit to those who may be gasping for breath, without even knowing it. Amen.
I am always in a quandary when I preach on Mother’s Day. I myself am a mother, and it has been the richest experience of my life. It was very important that my daughter called me this morning, and later in the day I expect one or two long worshipful essays on Facebook. But we are not all mothers- we do not all have that experience in our lives. And there are many, many other beautiful expressions of God’s love to celebrate besides that of mother. So the celebration of Mother’s Day, I think, must be seen in perspective.
But whether or not we have ever BEEN a mother, we have all HAD mothers, whether or not they are still with us in body and in spirit. And inevitably, there is a way in which one’s mother might recall either the acts of the Good Shepherd, or perhaps some exemplary gate we might aspire to. My own mother was not a perfect shepherd, but of course I adored her. My most enduring vision of her is as a glamorous blonde lying back on a chase lounge, holding a cigarette in one manicured hand while frowning intensely into her magazine. As a child I was not entirely sure if she would ever lay down her magazine, let alone her life for me, but of course I worshipped her anyway.
And she did give me many gifts of good shepherdly abundance. My mother was the one who brought me to the Episcopal Church as a child, and after a few years I was prepared for confirmation. She bought me a white lace dress that was so expensive that it occasioned a screaming fight between my parents. My father, to her fury, boycotted the confirmation event as a result.
After the service we came home, and in a few minutes our Priest, Don Seaton came storming through the unlocked door.
“Where the hell were you this morning Dave Gardner?” He roared at my father, who was seated in his easy chair. I was thrilled. I ever after thought of that act of his as that of a Good Shepherd- looking after one of his small sheep.
But for any travails I had as a child, I was singularly blessed to enjoy my confirmation classes and my schools, to be educated, to be taken care of, kept safe. No one doubted that I deserved and would get an education. There was no danger in this. No question about it.
But it seems such things cannot be taken for granted anymore. The news story that has most riveted my attention of late, describes the act of a group of thieves and bandits who kidnapped almost 300 girls from the Chibok Girls’ Secondary School in Northern Nigeria. These girls were targeted just because they were seeking an education. The thieves who broke in to steal these girls, as they were taking their final exams, belong to the terrorist organization, Boko Haram, a word which means “Western education is forbidden”
To the great frustration of the mothers and fathers of the abducted girls, the Nigerian government seemed uninterested in doing anything at all. Many of the fathers of the girls, unarmed and unsupported by their government went off to find the girls, knowing the danger they faced.
In the voice of the Good Shepherd, they said, “We are going to find our girls. And if we die, we die.” Slowly the word got out, and slowly it became apparent that the whole world was watching. I have now heard that President Obama has sent a team of military and law enforcement agents to help the Nigerian government to find and rescuing the girls. To my great relief we also now have Britain, France, Canada, and China pledging to help as well.
They are at last following the lost sheep, even into the valley of the shadow of death, because if they manage to rescue them, they may be saving these girls from a death-like life.
This is the way of Christ the Good Shepherd. This is the gate he bids us walk through. Thank God that there are those brave enough to go through this gate, to risk suffering for, as Peter’s letter would have it, God’s work.
The terrorists and the girls are believed to be hiding in the vast Sambisa Forest in northeastern Nigeria, so it will not be an easy task to find them. But in these seemingly impossible situations, a Good Shepherd, someone of extraordinary courage is often likely to arise. A gate, through which we might choose to pass.
A Good Shepherd has indeed raised her strong voice against this atrocity. She has an authority few would question, although she is an unlikely heroine. Beginning at the tender age of 11 years old, she began to write a blog, in the Swat Valley, in Northern Afghanistan near the Pakistan boarder. She was inspired to write in protest when the Taliban began banning girls from attending school. She had been blogging under a pseudonym, but encouraged by a New York Times journalist, she revealed her identity. Her name is Malala Yousafzai. She then rose to prominence, speaking out against the ban in interviews in print and on television and wherever she could.
She was soon nominated for the International Children’s Peace Prize by Desmond Tutu. She was later nominated for the Noel Peace Prize. But on Tuesday October 9, 2012, as she boarded her school bus, Malala was attacked by a terrorist and sustained a gunshot wound to the head.
Although she lay in critical condition for weeks, she eventually recovered, and went right on with her courageous work. She continued to go through that Christ-like gate and follow her calling.
When she was asked in an interview is she was afraid for her life, she admitted that at first, she was. She said she imagined what she would do if a gunman appeared again. At first, she said, I thought I would take off my shoe and try to hit him with it. But then decided that I must not do that, because then I would be as bad as he was. So I decided I would say to him, I wish for your daughters and sons that they have an education too, and I would die for their right. Then, I thought if he wants to kill me, he will kill me. When she stood before the United Nations, still recovering from her wounds, she said, “One child, one teacher, one book will change the world.”
Malala also talked about a gate. She said that having an education was like walking through a gate into a beautiful dream.
And as for her mother- what was she doing? As Malala said these things, her mother was sitting close by, tears of pride and joy streaming down her face. And her father, asked about his daughter said, “She is not only our daughter. She is the whole world’s daughter now.”
Our readings today are literally full of glory. Jesus prays that God might glorify him, that he might, in turn, glorify God. “Glory” is an incandescent word- full of beauty, full of light- but I wondered- what does it actually mean?
The Hebrew word for Glory is Kahad, meaning “weighty” or “important.” This was translated to the Greek Doxa, which has the sense of power, splendor and light. The English word we ended up with, “glory” comes from the Latin word Gloria which means “fame or renown.”
The most common manifestation of the glory of God in the New Testament is that of brilliantly radiant light. The glory of God broke out into ordinary time with Jesus at the transfiguration, when “His face shone like the sun, and his clothes became as white as the light.” (Mt. 17:2) In another gloriously stunning image in The Revelation to John, we read of Christ’s bride, the New Jerusalem which is “bright with God’s glory, with the radiance of a very rare jewel, like jasper, clear as crystal.” (Rev. 21:11) Paul called Jesus the Lord of glory, and wrote that the glory of God shone from his face.
But John’s gospel is truly the gospel of Glory. From the gorgeous opening hymn we hear, “The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us. We have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only Son, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth.” (Jn 1:14) And then, throughout the gospel we read over and over again of God’s light, God’s glory, until the prayer in John that we read today, which is so very drenched in glory.
Jesus prays that the disciples will be protected, will be granted eternal life, will share in God’s glory.
Jacob Boehm, a 15th century German mystic wrote a book called The Signature of All Things. In it he postulates that God had hidden clues for humanity’s betterment – little blasts of glory- inside the design of every flower, leaf, fruit, shell pattern, and tree on earth. All the world is a divine code, containing proof of our Creator’s love. God had pressed Godself into the world and left an imprint, a signature there for us to discover. But he said we have to move through fire in order to learn to read it. Could this be another definition of Glory, these cryptic illuminations God left us? Does God glorify us by imprinting God’s bright image upon us?
As we ourselves are creatures of nature, perhaps we already carry these imprints as well, perfectly decipherable if we allow the chaff to be burned off.
I have of late, and for the past two years since my scientist father died, seen something of great glory in the revelations of science. Science seems to reveal how many ways God leaves a signature on all things. Every atom flares forth photons- little units of light- electromagnetic energy- little blasts of glory- whenever it is somehow transformed- when it passes through the fire of transformation.
So everything, as it is transformed, is illuminated, is radiating glory. Surely Jesus, so full of light, was beginning his great transformation at the time of our Gospel reading- and he was heralding the transformation about to engulf the disciples. He tells them of the glory to come in our reading from the Acts of the Apostles: “… you will receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you; and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, in all Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth." He says this just before he ascends, like a ray of light, and vanishes into heaven.
Jesus prays to God, “you have given me authority over all people, to give eternal life to all whom you have given me. And this is eternal life, that they may know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom you have sent.”
Time is a flexible thing in the realm of glory, as in the realm of science. It seems that eternal life is not immortality- not a life that never ends in temporal time- it is truly knowing the eternal God- knowing God’s imprint, God’s signature on all of things, but first and most illuminatingly, on God’s natural son, Jesus the Christ.
God has been glorified because Jesus has taught the twelve to recognize the eternal God- to know God in creation- to see light in everything, to see God in each other and all their sisters and brothers, no matter their station in life.
Hildegard of Bingen, the astonishing 12th century Christian Mystic said, “every creature is a glittering mirror of divinity.” In terms of John’s gospel, this is the light of Christ in every creature.
Every atom has the potential to generate a photon, but it must be in a transformative process- either being heated or in collision with another atom.
In other words, in order to create light- to create glory, atoms, and we, have to go through transformation, through the fire, through the light.
One of the physical properties of light is that it has no resting mass- it suggests perfect freedom- it weights absolutely nothing- it is weightless! How far we have traveled from glory’s original Hebrew meaning of “weighty!” Light travels with unimaginable speed- 186,000 miles per second. Light exhibits the properties of both wave and particle and so it is best described by quantum mechanics, because we do not understand light anymore than we understand glory. Light is brilliant, weightless, powerful and can travel anywhere, only occasionally getting trapped in black holes, as we all do.
We here at Good Shepherd have, of course, gone through the fire. What has it taught us? What light has been shed? Do we now see the signature of God in all things? In more things than we used to? We were able to see the holy, even the glory in this modest parish hall almost immediately. And I noticed that the Episcopal force field, that normally surrounds all our churches was transformed in our case, perhaps even disengaged, and we have welcomed new faces, and we have seen the light of Christ in them.
We have strayed from our own small world to glimpse something larger, and we have experienced a surprising kind of energy- a surprising kind of freedom, a surprising kind of glory; we are being transformed. As St. Paul so beautifully put it in his second letter to the Corinthians:
“Where the Spirit of God is, there is freedom. And all of us, with unveiled faces, seeing the glory of God as though reflected in a mirror, are being transformed into God’s image from one degree of glory to another.”
At the first light of dawn, Mary Magdalene, and the other Mary- very possibly Jesus’ mother- went to see Jesus’ tomb. Suddenly, the very earth and the heavens seem to violently respond to something miraculous that has occurred. The Earth quakes. A bolt of lightening, in the form of an angel descends. The angel rolls away the stone from the tomb, that the two Marys might see the miracle first hand. There is only black emptiness. Jesus is not there, for he has risen. The angel, flooded with light is a herald of the light of Jesus’ resurrection- blinding light emanating from the darkest of places.
We have had much need of that Light in the past year. We have been mourning and recovering from the loss of our beloved church home. We have had to accept that great loss, and learn to with it and to worship with it. Last year, on Good Friday, we actually worshipped in the burned-out shell of the old church. A more tomb-like place could hardly be imagined. We desperately needed light to shine from that tomb.
We have pondered our baptism of fire for over a year now, and the readings during Lent, readings surprisingly filled with light, seemed to me to be helping us along our way, leading us to some kind of Easter revelation.
We read the story of the man born blind. A man born without light. Jesus happens upon him, walking down the road, and his disciples ask him, “Why was this man born blind? Was it because of his sins, or the sins of his family?”
Jesus surprises them: he says, ‘Neither this man nor his parents sinned; he was born blind so that God’s works might be revealed in him.” The tragedy of his blindness was a portal for the glory of God.
The following week we had the story of Lazarus. When the anxious disciples, knowing how dear Lazarus was to their teacher, told Jesus that Lazarus was sick unto death, Jesus surprised them as well: "This sickness,” he said, “will not end in death. No, it is for God's glory so that God's Son may be glorified through it." It seems that Jesus offers us the possibility that all our wounds, all our tragedies are portals for God’s glory- portals for the light- Light coming into us and light shining out of us. Jesus’ own wounds, and Jesus own death are the ultimate manifestation of the glory that shines through desolation.
Why did our beloved church burn so tragically? Was it because of our sins, or the sins of the diocese at large? For a very long time I wasn’t ready to consider that, but now I can honestly say that it must have happened to show forth the glory of God. We have received grace upon grace from our community, from our neighbors, from within our own congregation, discovering resilience and resources we never could have imagined. We began to experience resurrection long before the beautiful building that will be our new church began to take shape. We have been like Jeremiah’s people, who survived the sword and found grace in the wilderness. As the angel and as Jesus told the the two Marys, we had nothing to be afraid of. Resurrection greeted us even as the sight of the tomb was still in our eyes.
During Holy Week the old cross that stood as the pinnacle at the top of the steeple for 137 years had to be taken down for repair. When I saw it on the workbench in the church, I told our contractor that I wanted to use it for our Good Friday service. Those of you who joined me on Good Friday will know this story. I was told that the center of the old cross was so corroded that it had hollowed out, and that it actually fell apart when they removed it. The contractor was skeptical that I would want such a wounded thing to worship with. On Good Friday, I told the story of another thing I learned about the cross. Inside the hollow of that cross, in the very heart of it, was a swallow’s nest. And that there was even still the remnant of an eggshell from the last inhabitant. Long ago, the baby bird apparently hatched himself from that dark place, left the nest and ascended unto heaven.
Every Friday, we feed a big hot lunch to anyone who is hungry in the neighborhood. This often includes me, so I have sat and lunched with and gotten to know many of our guests. But on Good Friday, we had to cancel the lunch, because our service was right at 12:00. In spite of getting the word out ahead of time, in spite of several signs in English and Spanish, several people came, expecting to be fed.
These guests of ours know something about brokenness, about dark places. After the service, I opened up the broken cross, and we all saw the nest, right in the heart of the cross, and we saw the fragments of eggshell. Our unexpected guests came for food, for physical sustenance, but what they were fed, what we all were fed with, was the vision of new life rising out of damage, out of brokenness, out of woundedness.
This is the message of the resurrection. New life, abundant life, abundant light coming from the darkest place imaginable. Coming from brokenness, coming from pain, coming even from death.
The beautiful words we heard from Jeremiah today predict a time of sacred reconciliation between God and mankind. A time when, as God says, “I will be the God of all the families of Israel.” This was Jeremiah’s sacred New Covenant between God and God’s people that Jesus spoke of at the last supper. God would know our sins no more, we would be utterly forgiven, and we would be God’s people. Jesus used his own death to seal that covenant. Christ’s death is the ultimate expression of blinding light emanating from the tomb- darkness and wounding acting as a conduit for the glory of God. Love, life, light, forgiveness emanating from desolation.
The resurrection of Jesus brings the possibility of resurrection for us all. Resurrection out of our death-like places, our darkness, our brokenness. Resurrection out of our own tombs.
The possibility can arise that we find ourselves resurrected indeed, ready and able to truly come alive and take wing. Alleluia!
Last year at this time, we worshipped in the blackened shell of our old church. There was barely enough light to see, but there was just enough. The smell of smoke was still strong, and the sheer tomb-like blackness of the space was over-whelming. The grief we feel for Jesus’ death every year was mixed with the grief we felt for our beloved church. The church was dark in mid-day, as was the sky on the day of Jesus’ crucifixion.
Today we have before us the cross that has stood as the highest peak of this church for almost 138 years. It is damaged, broken, lying on the floor for us to reverence. I was told that the cross was so weatherworn and wounded that it was surprising that it had not come completely apart and fallen off the steeple. I was told that the wood of the interior of the cross was completely corroded, and the cross broke open when the contractor pulled it down. One of the four gold ornaments on the cross had fallen off and long ago been replaced with the gold-painted ceramic lid of a jar.
As the workmen began to strip the paint from the cross they went through quite a few layers, until they saw that the original cross was all gold- gold leaf in fact. The first people of this church had had that beacon shining from the steeple’s pinnacle for a very long time. It must have lit up the neighborhood, even in the dark.
When the cross lay on the worktable, the craftsmen began to take it apart to see how much was salvageable. When they did, they saw that there had been a hole in the very heart of the cross, right in the center. And in this hole, a swallow’s nest was still in evidence. There was even the remnant of eggshells from a long ago baby swallow.
When I first asked the contractor to bring the cross over for us to reverence for our Good Friday service he said, of course- in fact the timing will be perfect. By that time it will be stripped, repaired, repainted and the gold ornaments will be good as new. It will be perfect. I had to explain that I thought it was beautiful the way it was, that we were remembering Jesus damage, Jesus’ brokenness, Jesus’ pain. As it happened, it turned out that the cross was too damaged to keep, and most of it will have to be entirely rebuilt. So we have our dear, damaged broken cross to reverence today.
For me, the damage makes the cross more lovable, perhaps helps us see and forgive our own damage somehow, perhaps even makes us see and forgive our own betrayals, our own dark places in the heart. And it reminds us, as the swallow would demonstrate, that new life inevitably comes from those dark places.
I was ordained as an Episcopal Priest ten years ago and am now privileged to be the vicar of The Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd in Berkeley. We are blessed to be situated in a rich, diverse community of many cultures and gifts. After a major fire in the church in October 2012, we discovered how many friends we had in this community, and we have continued to rebuild our church, and continue to build relationships with our neighbors. I live in Berkeley and am married to the architectural philosopher Matt Cantor. We have two daughters, Andrea, 23, living in Brooklyn, and Hannah, 21 finishing school at Bard College in New York. We all play guitar and eat sushi.
Fox - Baraboo School District weighing legal action after students purportedly photographed doing Nazi salute
Fox - House Dems are promising tougher gun control measures, but advocates may have lost ground in the Senate
Members and visitors to the EarthLink Web site agree to abide by our Policies and Agreements, including the Acceptable Use Policy.
Dr Alex is very knowledgeable, professional and personable. He explains things thoroughly and gives choices and recommendations without forcing expensive procedures. He works with patients to achieve their dental goals. The office is clean and up to date on infection control. He also takes time to train and coach his staff. It is a happy and pleasant office. I highly recommend this dental practice.
Dr. Alex Newman worked on me for over 2 hours, he was fantastic! Needles do NOT hurt from this man! He's professional, courteous, very knowledgeable, answers all my questions in plain English so that I can understand. He's very concerned about his patients and is careful to ensure no pain. Fantastic Dentist that I would recommend to anyone! Also my 2 hours in the chair didn't completely break the bank! Wonderful staff, wonderful Dentist! Highly recommend Dr. Alex Newman!
Competitive prices, amazing staff, excellent clinical skills, very knowledgeable, explains every possible option. Hands down the best dentist in the NE!
Sometimes people see a root canal as something very scary, but we do our best to make this experience for you simple and painless.
If you’re wondering what a root canal is and when it’s needed, read below for a detailed explanation about this dental treatment, when it’s needed and what it involves.
The procedure involves removing the damaged area of the tooth (the pulp or nerve), cleaning and disinfecting what remains, and then filling and sealing it.
The term "root canal" comes from cleaning of the canals inside the tooth's root where the tooth's nerve and blood vessels can be found, where they extend from the crown to the tip of the root.
Most of the time the root canal is completed in one appointment, but if the tooth is infected two appointments may be required.
Local anaesthesia (freezing) will be administered before the root canal begins to make treatment painless.
While there may be some discomfort for a brief period after treatment, this can be controlled with anti-inflammatory medication like Advil (Ibuprofen).
Root canal therapy is an indispensable procedure in treatment of teeth that are severely decayed, infected or broken.
Root canal treatment may be required when the tooth becomes very painful, tender to bite onto, very sensitive to heat or cold, if a large cavity has extended into the nerve, the tooth has changed color, or the tooth develops an abscess.
Sometimes the pulp of the tooth will die without causing any noticeable pain; other times the pain can be very intense, sharp, or throbbing even to the point of keeping you up at night.
Dr. Newman will take an X-ray and test your tooth to establish a diagnostic before commencing any treatment.
The success rate of a root canal treatment is reported to be about 95% and is influenced by many factors such as the patient's health condition, the health of the gum and bone supporting the tooth, the amount of tooth structure left after decay is cleaned up, the presence of fracture lines in the tooth, and the complexity of the anatomy of the roots and canals inside them.
Although we cannot guarantee the successful outcome of root canal procedures, you can be assured that the most advanced techniques and treatments will be performed to ensure the best prognosis possible.
To protect the tooth from fracture, it is recommended that a tooth that has undergone root canal therapy be restored with a crown.
Removal of pulp tissue from a root canal can produce an inflammation in the tissues surrounding the tooth that could last up to 7-10 days.
Antibiotics are indicated in case of an infection and we always recommend anti-inflammatory medication like Advil (Ibuprofen) to minimize the pain and inflammation that occurs after the treatment.
When a tooth becomes infected and it hurts don’t delay your visit to the dentist. Don’t let fear keep you from coming in, a root canal treatment is done under anesthesia.
Eastport Dental Centre serves residents in NE Calgary providing high quality dental services to all ages and for all budgets. All services are provided by general dentist Dr. Alex Newman in North East Calgary.
Whatever your imagination can think up! GIY Mushroom Materials just need a clean place to grow into a shape. The use and safety instructions give you some advice on what types of designs work best. Check out some of these cool concepts:
You’re getting a bag of Mushroom Material that has been specially dehydrated to be shelf stable. GIY Mushroom® Material is a mixture of mycelium and corn stalks/ husks. It just needs some water and flour to come back to life, and then you can grow it into a form. The bag contains around 0.2 cubic feet of material, so plan accordingly for the shape you need!
GIY bags start at $19.99 for a single bag, or $24.99 for our single bag planter kit. Check out our collaboration sets of 15 bags for $154.99, perfect for classrooms, team building, or just bulk orders! We offer free shipping on all GIY orders. If you need more than 60 bags, please contact giy@ecovativedesign.com.
So you’ve received the kit and made something awesome that people are really demanding from you. Great! Ecovative would love to learn about what you have made. If you are considering making the products in bulk, Ecovative would like to discuss how we might support you. Just contact us and we’ll work with you to decide if it makes sense for Ecovative to manufacture the products on a large scale, or if we can evaluate costs for ordering more bags of raw material (that you keep making into products).
By purchasing the Ecovative GIY kit you agree to note that any product produced is “made with Ecovative technology” on your branding and marketing materials.
Fruitree is a premium nectar range consisting of 20 – 50% fruit juice. Fruitree is conveniently packed in a variety of pack sizes and a wide range of flavours for the whole family to enjoy, whenever, wherever. Whether it's being enjoyed at home, at social gatherings or at a party with friends, Fruitree is your anytime, any day treat.
Fruitree products packed in Tetra aseptic cartons and glass bottles which are preservative free. Products go through a pasteurisation process and are filled aseptically to render a product that is commercially sterile. Only the 5 litre cask (bag-in-box) product is preserved due to the packaging technology used.
Fruitree’s wide range of flavours (like Mediterranean and Tropical) gives you the opportunity to enjoy a variety of fruits that will not only tantalise the taste buds but also provide additional nutritional benefits. All Fruitree flavours are Halaal and all are Kosher (except Red Grape). Fruitree’s range of nectars is also a source of Vitamin C.
Saint-Gobain is proud to be recognized for its wide variety of accomplishments on the North American stage. From our commitment to our communities to our dedication to the environment, we take the business of being a good global citizen seriously.
EPA Recognizes Saint-Gobain's Leadership in Energy Conservation with ENERGY STAR Award for Sixth Consecutive Year; Fourth Year at Sustained Excellence Level
For the sixth consecutive year, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recognized Saint-Gobain's with its ENERGY STAR Award, and at the same time, honored the company for the fourth time with its coveted “Sustained Excellence Award. This is given to a select group of company which have reduced greenhouse gas emissions by setting and achieving aggressive goals and employing innovative energy-efficiency approaches.
Saint-Gobain was honored by the NECEC for showing significant business growth combined with strong workforce growth, providing and building on a history of solid, diverse, high-paying jobs in the New England region.
A lot of internet casinos offer depositing and playing in £ GBP (Great Britain Pounds) today. But only some casinos have what it takes to be a truly UK Casino. Below, we have listed the internet casinos which have an understanding of the UK market and have the knowledge of what the UK players are looking for in an internet casino.
Spin Palace Online Casino offers a superior gambling experience. With first class customer service and cutting edge graphics the Palace is a must for every online gambler.
Players can play in £ Sterling, Euros or US Dollars and receive their winnings at the same currency. Read Spin Palace Casino Review
Royal Vegas is one of the few casinos to offer the latest Microgaming's Viper software. Viper is undoubtedly the most advanced and exciting gaming software. It has many unique features such as strategy guides, automatic play mode and more! Read Royal Vegas Casino Review
Established at 1995, Gaming Club was the first casino on the internet to take online bets. They have over 80 interactive casino games including 11 PROGRESSIVE JACKPOTS. More than $4.8 million in payouts every month are guaranteed.
The naming of nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient. For a trust, the trustee(s), settlor and beneficiaries must be named.
(f) In addition to the company in 1(c) above, is the discloser making disclosures in respect of any other party to the offer?
If there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security.
(a) Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (if any)
*Please note that The Vanguard Group, Inc. does not have investment discretion over 1,302,684 of these shares.
Details of any open stock-settled derivative positions (including traded options), or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions).
Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in.
Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the person making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to the offer:
Irrevocable commitments and letters of intent should not be included. If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none"
Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the person making the disclosure and any other person relating to:
(ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced:
Public disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service and must also be emailed to the Takeover Panel at monitoring@disclosure.org.uk. The Panel's Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in relation to the Code's disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129.
Move in Ready! Well maintained 3 bedroom 1 bath home in Milpitas. This home is close to shopping & transportation. Features a bright kitchen & an updated bathroom. Large bonus room off of the family room not included in the square feet. Fenced in yard with mature fruit trees. Attached 2 car garage. Great for the first time buyer or investor. This home is a short drive to the Milipitas BART station under construction.
Share with TwitterShare with Google+Share with PinterestShare with LinkedInShare with WhatsAppShare with Facebook
If you are a company, team or any other group looking for one of our garments then please contact your nearest printer or embroiderer. They will be able to supply you with these products embellished with words and logos to your specification. Alternatively get in touch with us through our contact us page for further information on embroiderers/printers in your area.
All of our brands are available through our distribution network in the UK and Europe. Please find your nearest distributor from the details below and contact them directly for further information. Or contact us and we will be happy to help.
Electronic finding aid was encoded in EAD 2002 by Dianne Ritchey in July 2012. Description is in English.
This collection focuses on research about Moses Mendelssohn. Included is research correspondence, photocopies of Mendelssohn's handwritten documents and numerous articles on Mendelssohn and his work.
Moses Mendelssohn was an internationally renowned philosopher of the Enlightenment while remaining an observant Jew who defended Judaism and advocated for Jewish civil rights.
Moses Mendelssohn was born in 1729 in the German hamlet of Dessau, the son of a Torah scribe, and received a traditional Talmudic education. His mother Bela Rachel Sara was descended from an illustrious line of rabbis. At age 14, Moses Mendelssohn followed his rabbi to Berlin, then a cultural hub flourishing under the enlightened (but nevertheless anti-Semitic) monarch Frederick the Great. In Berlin, Mendelssohn encountered a group of early enlightened scholars who introduced him to philosophy and science. One of the first Christians Mendelssohn encountered upon arriving in Berlin was the playwright and critic Gotthold Ephraim Lessing. They formed a lifelong friendship on the basis of their commitment to the principles of tolerance, free inquiry, and rational religion; the protagonist in Lessing's well-known play Nathan der Weise was likely based upon Moses Mendelssohn.
Although Moses Mendelssohn's mother tongue was Yiddish, he came to be celebrated for his German literary style. He attained international fame as a philosopher without ever attending university and was a prolific writer who published works in both German and Hebrew. Two of his most renowned works, in addition to his translations of the Bible into German, were Phädon oder Über die Unsterblichkeit der Seele, published in 1767 and Jerusalem, oder Über religiöse Macht und Judentum, published in 1783, which advocated the separation of church and state.
He achieved unprecedented fame in Jewish and Christian literary circles, while remaining steadfast in his commitment to orthodox observance and fighting tirelessly for Jewish civil rights. He also aroused opposition. Many Christians could not understand how someone so generous and learned could remain a Jew and called on him to convert to Christianity. One such person was the Swiss pastor Johann Kaspar Lavatar. Some traditionalist Rabbis opposed his German Bible translation because they saw it as leading Jews to embrace German culture and abandon Judaism.
Mendelssohn married Fromet Gugenheim and together they had ten children, six of whom survived early childhood. The conversion to Christianity of several of Mendelssohn's children led later generations to debate whether this reflected a flaw in his perception of Judaism.
(Much of the text of this biographical note is based upon the 2011 LBI exhibition "Moses Mendelssohn: Conversation and the Legacy of the Enlightenment.")
This collection holds documentation of research on Moses Mendelssohn and biographical information on him largely ammassed throughout the twentieth century. It includes correspondence, copies of his letters, and clippings – a few with excerpts of his writing as well as numerous biographical articles on Mendelssohn and his work. Additionally included are copies of images of Mendelssohn and his grave.
Series I contains evidence of research conducted on Moses Mendelssohn's life and work. Here are photocopies of his writing in addition to correspondence, notes and drafts of research on him.
Newspaper clippings on Moses Mendelssohn, especially those produced for the occasion of his two-hundredth and two-hundred-fiftieth birthdays form the bulk of the material in Series II. Newspaper articles on his birthdays include an array of articles on the significant events of his life and on his writing and philosophy. One folder contains clippings with excerpts of the letters Mendelssohn exchanged with the critic Johann Kaspar Lavatar. A bibliography of some of Mendelssohn's works will be found in the final folder of the series.
The LBI Library includes a number of books by or about Moses Mendelssohn and many archival collections include research material on him.
The LBI Archives also include the Moses Mendelssohn Correspondence collection [DM 138/ MF 160]. In addition, there is also the Mendelssohn Family Collection [AR 7156], which includes copies of Moses Mendelssohn's letters with family members.
In July 2012 the collection was reprocessed in preparation of the EAD finding aid. The collection was rearranged in order to provide ease of use and description was added.
Twenty catalog cards with item-level lists of the contents of the original collection reflect its arrangement prior to the addition of addenda and the collection's rearrangement in July 2012. Most items include numbers that relate to the catalog cards' arrangement.
Series I comprises various material related to research on Moses Mendelssohn, including some photocopies of Moses Mendelssohn's original papers or newspaper clippings of published excerpts of them. Much of the material reflects various individuals' research on him, including correspondence with the Leo Baeck Institute regarding further information.
Two folders document specific research on Moses Mendelssohn. The initial folder of this series contains correspondence and some notes regarding a search to find new information on him in 1932; the letters do not mention whether or not this search was successful. The final folder holds a handwritten draft for a 1921 presentation or lecture on Moses Mendelssohn by Josef Spier.
Other folders include copies of Moses Mendelssohn's handwritten papers. Folder 1/2 contains an appraisal and accompanying photocopy of a Mendelssohn letter owned by the Congregation Emanu-El. This letter was sent to Moses Mendelssohn by Joachim Heinrich Campe, the director of the Philanthropin school in Dessau and concerns advice given to Campe by Mendelssohn on the admittance of Jews to the school. Similar materials include the folder of copies of a few of his letters obtained from auctions (1/7) and a folder with copies of two entries of his in two families' registers (Stammbücher, folder 1/6).
Other papers include the correspondence of LBI staff in folder 1/3 that regards the publication a Moses Mendelssohn bibliography and research on the end of the Moses Mendelssohn Stipendium in Nazi Germany. There are also copies of clippings in folder 1/8 which contain a half-page autobiography of Moses Mendelssohn and an exchange of his letters with Franz von Sonnenfels. Reproductions of various images (1/6) of Moses Mendelssohn and publisher's materials on the publication of his Gesammelte Schriften are also included in this series.
Series II contains numerous published articles on Moses Mendelssohn, primarily newspaper clippings. Articles include biographical overviews of his life as well as reflections on his work and contributions to the cultural and philosophical development of German Jewry.
The majority of items relate to recognitions of the two-hundredth and two-hundred-fiftieth anniversaries of his birth in 1929 and 1979, respectively. Such items include concert and exhibition programs for events (folder 1/13) and many special editions (2/1) about Moses Mendelssohn and his philosophy, published in 1929. There are also related clippings (1/12), including a notebook turned scrapbook of clippings from this year. 1979 materials consist of a smaller amount of clippings on him. One folder contains several clippings on the conflict between Mendelssohn and the Protestant minister Johann Kaspar Lavatar, including reprints of excerpted letters between them.
The final folder holds articles on Mendelssohn that could not be further subdivided. Such articles include a one-page bibliography by author Eva Engel on his works from the 1750s, articles relating to his conception on tolerance and opinion regarding a Jewish state, an announcement of a 1990 film about him and an edition of the educational magazine Keeping Posted that focuses on Mendelssohn's life and writings.
Finding aid encoded in EAD 2002 by Timothy Ryan Mendenhall on 2012-07-23. Finding aid written in English.
This collection consists primarily of letters Pinson received from Hans Kohn, Emil Lederer, Thomas Mann, and Robert Weltsch, and several others.
Born in Postawy, Lithuania on February 11, 1904, Koppel Pinson came to the United States with his parents in 1907. He received his doctorate in history at Columbia University in 1934 and taught from 1934 to 1961 at various branches of the City University of New York. Pinson's academic specialty was German history, and he was active in assisting refugee scholars during the 1930s. He died in New York City in 1961.
The first folder contains several letters from Hans Kohn as well as a transcription of a letter from Martin Buber, a list of Pinson's publications, and a couple of other items. Additional correspondence from Hans Kohn is available in folder 4. The bulk of the collection consists of the correspondence in folders 2 and 4, most of it from notables in academia, culture and politics. Much of the correspondence deals with professional academic matters, but a number of the letters deal with Pinson's work personally and professionally to aid European Jewish refugees during the 1930s and 1940s.
A portrait photograph of the philologist Richard Samuel has been removed to the LBI Photograph Collection.
Series I section a, correspondence with Hans Kohn, has not been digitized since it is the property of the New York Public Library.
Festival Central "I don't know," Judge said. H&M Summer Favorites: Up to 60% off + free shipping w/ $40 Home & Auto Insurance Cheapest Auto Insurance For College Students How it works: If you love animals and live in an urban area then consider this a viable job opportunity. Here's the problem you might try to solve with this idea: people are busy going to work each day and they have to leave their sweet dog at home. Dogs don't do well over long periods of time by themselves. They like to be around you and me. Offering to walk a group of dogs once or twice a day, if you have the flexibility, can really rake in some extra money if you're doing this on a weekly basis and have several clients. Think premium dog walking service: treats, playtime, the works. Obviously, you have to find the right clientele where this service makes sense. Accept the Looks you want 10. Design Web Logos Find it FULL OF $100s Here’s what Fox’s Lachlan Murdoch just said about the media giant’s potential deal with Disney $DIS $FOXA Will your boss give you a cash advance on your paycheck? Probably not, but you won’t know until you ask. My friend recently convinced his boss to advance him $1,000 and then pay back $200 from each of his next five paychecks. It isn't common, but it happens. Via freemoneyblog.net: Send Amount (USD)	Economy	Express Delivery within minutes is available for each country surveyed 4,486 Views Estimated Jackpot: Steve Weiss actually claimed he doesn't "really care" if BABA has put in a double top. Joe Terranova asserted that AAPL is a "capital-allocation story right now." If you use a product that’s involved in a class-action lawsuit, a little online legwork could get you a cash payout. The rules of each settlement are different, but in most cases, you’ll have to provide proof of purchase or product use, like a serial number or a receipt. Once you fill out your online claim form, you may have to wait a few weeks or months before receiving your payment. Psst — I regularly post new class-action settlement information, so check in often to make sure you’re not missing a chance to get paid! Simon Pegg, Gaten Matarazzo of ‘Stranger Things’ to Face Off in ‘Hump’ (Exclusive) 4/25/2018 $22,247.35 J.M. Ridgway Co. Inc. 22:32 At one point, Judge said Tim Cook just told Kara Swisher that if he were Mark Zuckerberg, "I wouldn't be in this situation." Pete and the panel chuckled. Judge said, "It's a nice little zinger." That's quite a zinger. Another zinger is one guy buying Instagram for $1 billion while another guy buys Beats for $3 billion. Still another zinger is a guy founding his own $400 billion company while another guy succeeds a CEO who passes away. BLOG POST BullMove Anytime anywhere access When an unexpected expense pops up, many people find themselves in a bind. In fact, a recent Federal Reserve survey found that 44% of respondents said they’d have to sell a belonging or borrow money to cover a $400 emergency expense. JaredPetty-IGN As I said, I am not a licensed financial planner and am not familiar with the details of your personal situation, so I am unable to provide more specific advice. But I hope this helps! Many people still heat their houses with wood in the winter or need wood for summer camping trips, but they don’t have access to their own firewood source. Or, they don’t have the time to cut their own wood. Cutting and delivering firewood is another in-demand income stream. I think Valentine should drop all these silly low level scams and launch a comedy career. Public Records Requests Chase Personal Loans: Low Interest, Online, Bad Credit Alternatives Winstar Casino and Resort From Freedom 48 in California on March 11th, 2017 51. Rent Out A Room CEO NewBanking There are tons of people – busy people, the elderly, etc – who need somebody to shop and deliver groceries for them. Short Task GTA Online Robberies are similar to GTA 5 Robberies. You step into one of the many potential stores (which include gas stations and different convenience stores), point a gun at the clerk, grab the money, and flee before the cops arrive. Online, a couple of new twists are added to the process. hey its good to have at your teen age you know but sometime its difficult finding what kind of business to do. this site helps teens like me to know what to do. Thanks Jim Iuorio said 64.40 is oil's "near-term objective," longer term probably up to 66. 50 Financial Rules for Success Fast Money 04/27/18	Apr 27, 2018	Listen Lost Debit Card? 7 Steps To Protect Yourself Tuesday's show, chock full of interesting commentary, was one of the best in months. Judge closed with, "Great conversation today," and he was right. I have been bay sitting to earn some extra money. I would love to get some clients for dog sitting or house sitting! Hopefully, in time! Telling Weiss what he wanted to hear, Gurley said, "I think the pressure's probably on for them to come forward with a product that proves that they can still innovate."
blake By the way, there are also local companies that pay for sperm donations. 5/10/18 Media Kit A domain name is just a website address (eg. ‘savethestudent.org' or ‘mysite.co.uk') and there are lots of extensions (.com, .net, .co.uk etc). The former, according to Doc, "is not the same as saying, 'This is as good as it gets.' It's just saying this is high as the water's risen to this point." FAST MONEY Credit and Debt be happy! Review music for money Online banking is a free, secure service that allows you to pay your bills online, check balances, transfer funds and more from your computer, iPad or laptop*. Service is perfect Something went wrong while displaying this webpage. Last Redeem Date:*10/03/2018 You set the payment terms when you rent out your spot via Craigslist. You can choose to be paid upfront for short-term rentals, or monthly for longer rentals. The best part is that unlike most survey sites that have a minimum requirement for cashing out, there is absolutely no minimum required for cashing out via PayPal. ThunderCockForHire says: Forums job title, keywords or company Rummage through pocket change for rare numismatic coins; key dates/old silver coins/error coins, then flip them quickly at a coin shop. Borrow a metal detector and comb the beach for some treasure. Maybe unearth some ancient or medieval coins in the process! CNBC Asia broadcasts the programme on Tuesdays to Saturdays 5AM SIN/HK/TWN Time LIVE during the Daylight Saving Time period in the U.S. Without DST, CNBC Asia only broadcasts "LIVE" Friday (US time) edition of Fast Money on Saturdays morning at 6am SIN/HK/TWN time, and rerun version of Mondays to Thursdays US time editions are aired from Tuesdays to Fridays at 12pm SIN/HK/TWN time. Excellent customer service and product knowledge. 2. Sign up with a few sites, 3-5 to start then add more to receive more surveys Product details Anthony Grisanti said he doesn't see China stopping to import our soybeans. Jim Iuorio said soybeans are "probably" oversold. best ways to raise money fast|Secure Yours Today best ways to raise money fast|Expires Soon best ways to raise money fast|Limited Spots Available
Cat Lazy Meme is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ointment For Ear Infections In Cats is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
White Bengal Cat Texas is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
This video was shot on-the-fly with my "point and shoot". All at once, a bunch of Crows swarm the upper canopy of trees cawing loudly as if about to rally mob ...
Krähen gehören ja zu den Singvögeln.... ich finde, ihre Gesänge sind durchaus hörenswert :) Crows are yes to the songbirds .... I think their songs are worth ...
When I installed LMCE, I accepted its offer to run a DHCP server, even though my LAN already has one running, and the LMCE PC has only one ethernet port, which is connected to that LAN. Now I can't ping between the LMCE host and other hosts on the LAN. Or to the router on the LAN (so, eg. (apt-get update) fails to connect).
How can I make the LMCE PC use the LAN DHCP? Is its IP# stored anywhere but in its own DHCP config (and its DHCP client's cache, which seems to be pointing at its own DHCPd)? If I just remove the DHCPd startup from the Kubuntu startup scripts, can I just expect the LMCE to start up, use its DHCP client to get an address from my existing LAN DHCPd, and count on the IP# to propagate throughout LMCE properly?
I'd prefer to use an LMCE UI to fix this, but I'll use the Kubuntu desktop (and its commandline shell) without reservation if that's the only way.
I recommend using LMCE's DHCP server, otherwise you will lose a great deal of plug and play functionality. With that said, the Web Admin gives you the ability to turn on and off the DHCP server.
i'm tellin ya... i'm gonna make a set of macros for us with canned responses. I'm getting slightly tired of people asking the same questions over and over without at least...seeing...oh...if they've been asked before...
That's more or less how I use the wiki, easier to paste an url then to repeat the same things over and over again.
Next I'm willing to bet Matthew is going to comment how he just wants a media center without the other features...
I did search the forums for "dhcp", but I got a long list of results to comb through, with very few matching my config (single NIC, version 0704). The one thread that specifically addressed my actual question included some flat assertions that changing the /etc/network/interfaces value was the simple answer, with no complex intermediary dependencies distributed throughout the rest of LMCE, and then some contradictions with evidence of that. As well as some confused anwsers, including some from you, Zaerc. But not a conclusive answer of whether changing the IP# in its OS-authoritave location would create inconsistencies among other LMCE dependencies not updating properly.
And I couldn't find any other clear answer to why the LMCE has to be the DHCP server for my network. Or any discussion of why its DHCPd would set up a subnet that can't connect to my router, when there's an existing DHCPd running on that router.
Maybe this question is indeed asked quite a lot. That's what a FAQ is for. Such a FAQ is a lot more helpful than insulting responses that the question is asked a lot, without offering a useful answer. Which in turn makes this problem look even more like a bug, really a design flaw, since a single NIC LMCE on an existing network seem the most common setup for an installer to expect, especially with the project in its current state (ie. attracting a lot of people trying it out before committing to using it).
But the bottom line is that even after I did search the forums, the people who did respond to this question didn't give me any info to help solve my problem - and therefore the problem of probably others who will find my question when they do their search.
So I'll ask again: given my predictable, automatically installed IP config on my LAN with my existing DHCP server, how can I assign LMCE an IP# on the existing LAN segment so it can route to the Internet, and without disconnecting other LMCE services which will still look for the original IP#? Can I just edit /etc/network/interfaces ? Should I edit LMCE's DHCPd configs? Must I disable my existing DHCPd, and let my whole LAN get its IP#s from LMCE (rebooting every LAN host)? Or is there another best way to handle this common problem?
The best way is to use 2 network cards and put the LMCE core (or hybrid) in between the internet and the rest of your network and let the lmce core do the DHCP on the internal network. http://wiki.linuxmce.org/index.php/Why_dual_network_cards%3F
Is that the answer you were looking for? Because I can't make heads or tails out of your question (both times), beyond that it seems to have something to do with DHCP and a single NIC setup. Try reading: http://www.catb.org/~esr/faqs/smart-questions.html maybe that helps a bit.
Also feel free to update the FAQ, it is in the WIKI after all, but aparently nobody that "suffered" from this horrendous problem seemed to care enough to bother.
Now if you'll excuse me, I have other things to do besides answering the same question over and over and over again, just because some people who can't figure things out for themselves don't feel like using the recommended setup. And just to get things straight, your self inflicted problem is not my responsability.
Zaerc can get a little cranky when its this far past his bedtime. And he is doing very useful stuff with the DC ripping system. However I have answered this question many times myself for installations very like yours. Here goes again.
If all you want to try is a stand alone box then disable the internal DHCP server and make sure the external IP is set to DHCP in advanced-network-network settings. and turn off the firewall so you can access it from the network. Don't change anything elsewhere or you may never recover. The scripts drive everything.
You can play with it to your hearts content then. But to get the value and utility you will need to set it up in a more standard mode- single NIC: disable the DHCP on your router, set a fixed IP for the box in the router's range, turn on DHCP and you may as well use the default IP range. Restart or reset the network on any other device you have in your network so they get new IP addresses from the LMCE box. I currently have 30 devices on my network and no problems managing them.
I use network magic on my PC's and it lets me see the devices and their mac addresses, which is a great diagnostic tool.
If I can figure out the WiKi editing I'll give it a try again. (The last few times I couldn't find a way in.)
At worst, if you have set up a lot of port forwarding or access trough your router just disable the LMCE internal firewall (in the web admin) and rely on the router as firewall.
And you might have found a bit more with a search 'single NIC', if you find 'too many posts to comb trough' then narrow your search.
Zaerc admires some who take the path of most resistance and despises others. I wouldnt worry much about it. Definitely search exhaustively before asking for help though.
Zaerc admires some who take the past of most resistance and despises others. I wouldnt worry much about it. Definitely search exhaustively before asking for help though.
I was perfectly clear in specifying that I have a single NIC. Others have had no trouble either understanding the question or replying helpfully. I recommend you studying the wisdom of not saying anything if you don't have anything helpful to say.
When I've got a tested answer, I'll update the FAQ. I did post it keeping in mind that a single NIC setup on a cablemodem or other router whose DHCP might not be optional is likely a popular situation that LMCE can probably handle if configured right, so others will probably benefit from a correct answer if I find it. People who have something useful to offer, other than flames, get the useful info before answering the question. And don't post merely self indulgent flames that damage the community.
I didn't ask you to take responsibility for this problem, which I "inflicted" on myself by doing a basic LMCE install according to its instructions, which left me with a system with basic defects (like not routing to the Internet). You volunteered your low S/N posts yourself - why bother, when you could be doing something useful?
single nic might have been a better search than dhcp. there can be a few hoops to jump through to get the single nic setup working correctly. it might tell you how to change the dhcp settings to work with the single nic setup and you can work it so that you are changing it to use the dhcp from the other dhcp server. you might try this one
i tried for a while to do the single nic but it was easier to just vlan the switch instead. sorry if this wasnt much help.
Put it this way, if the core is not the DHCP server it requires you to have all your media on the core itself.
Basicly you'll be having a dumb neutered box, and if that's what you want you can simply switch the internal DHCP off in the web-admin.
You may see Guanaco, Rheas (a large ostrich like bird), South Andean Deer or Foxes on your visit to Torres del Paine.
Contrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random text. It has roots in a piece of classical Latin literature from 45 BC, making it over 2000 years old. Richard McClintock, a Latin professor at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia, looked up one of the more obscure Latin words, consectetur, from a Lorem Ipsum passage, and going through the cites of the word in classical literature, discovered the undoubtable source. Lorem Ipsum comes from sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum" (The Extremes of Good and Evil) by Cicero, written in 45 BC. This book is a treatise on the theory of ethics, very popular during the Renaissance. The first line of Lorem Ipsum, "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet..", comes from a line in section 1.10.32. The standard chunk of Lorem Ipsum used since the 1500s is reproduced below for those interested. Sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 from "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum" by Cicero are also reproduced in their exact original form, accompanied by English versions from the 1914 translation by H. Rackham.
Hollywood has always been the place everyone dreams about. We watch Hollywood movies, follow Hollywood stars and dream that one day we’ll walk down these streets and leave our star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. And while it’s just a dream, there’s a way to bring that exciting Hollywood atmosphere and celebrity wealth closer. […]
More than 100 different variants of slot machines work the same way today as the first slots. In general, you can divide the slots into two categories – video and classic slots. Classic slot machines variations Classic slot machines like the Novoline games online have three spinning reels and classic symbols like cherries, bells or […]
Slot games are so much fun, whether you play them in a land-based casino or online. However, there are many advantages of online casino games. Above all, it is much more convenient for beginners and there are more games to choose from. Not to mention all the rewards and bonuses you get. Some of the […]
Microgaming offers four online slot games with the subtitle name “Golden Goose”. These four online casino games have an identical integrated bonus game, all about a goose and golden eggs. Microgaming has taken four of their most popular slots and modified the paylines a bit and integrated them into the bonus game. The four video […]
Understand Slot Paylines If you want to play slot machines, you need to understand payout rates, also known as slot payout percentages. The payout percentage is an estimate of what you can expect from a slot machine on the payout date. A classic slot machine displays only one sequence or combination of roller symbols. This […]
Slots are the most popular games in casinos because it is pretty easy to play a machine not just for cash but also in common sense. The rules for the slots are very simple. You just have to choose what type of machine you want to play. You have the choice between three and five […]
RealCuriousWorld is gambling blog where you can easily find the best tips and strategies about winning in online casino games. Also you will read the latest casino news together with great games reviews. If you like my blog, please, tell your friends about it.
Our latest post is up now. Benefits of #OnlineRoulette Check it out and leave your comments: https://t.co/lO0zzrmqko
Posted on June 24, 2018 Author Avery Collins	No Comments on The Super Best Sectional Couch Hamilton Idea
Posted on June 16, 2018 Author Madeline Stone	No Comments on Probably Outrageous Cool Sectional Couch Table Pics
Posted on June 3, 2018 Author Haven Farmer	No Comments on Probably Terrific Best Of The Best Diy Sectional Couch Covers Gallery
daughter poses for dad and gets fucked | free raped guy videos | free porn video in rape | fantasy snuff tube
Azerbaijani Belarusian Chinese (Simplified) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English French German Greek Indonesian Italian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Uzbek Vietnamese
General announcement: Please use the forum upload function for photos and videos. This will ensure that you links won't break and photos won't disappear. THX
This is a new initiative set up by Ian Scruton to help competitors new to motor racing and entering smaller themed series. Foundation Racing is a not-for-profit race assist group that will be attending the event weekends, concentrating on Ford Puma; Fiesta Zetec S and the Ford Saloon Series. It is a service for drivers who may be daunted by the unfamiliar environment of a busy race circuit. It will include help and guidance with the logistics and protocol of the weekend and with all aspects of ‘how to go racing’. See Ford Saloon Series at www.fordsaloonseries.com
Ian is an experienced race driver with a broad knowledge of the Ford race cars. His expertise will be an asset to anyone new to racing in any Ford themed series. His amiable style and experience will be of great benefit to both new drivers and the Ford Saloon Series as a whole.
Puma Cup and Ford Saloon Series both represent real value for money in a proper race car running on Dunlop control tyres.
CVA's Purpose is to be a Spirit-filled body of believers that is reaching up in worship, reaching out to minister, growing in our walk with Christ and serving God, one another and the community.
One of the secrets of real magic is that it is controlled by the mind. The more things in your ritual to help your mind associate with your goal, the more powerful your ritual may be. Colored candles, scented oils, natural incenses, and more all add to the impact of the magic you wish to do. But how do you know which incense to burn? Is it possible to add scented oils together to get a more powerful oil? And how do you make your own appropriately-scented tools?
The answers to questions like these and hundreds more can be found in The Complete Book of Incense, Oils and Brews by world-famous author Scott Cunningham. This is a greatly expanded and rewritten version of The Magic of Incenses, Oils and Brews. It includes over 100 new formulas, proportions for each element of the recipes (the most requested feature from his previous book), how to substitute ingredients, and much more. Besides the formulas, it also includes the exact methods of making all of these scented tools, including how to extract the essences from the herbs.
Each one of the formulas in this magic book is precise and easy to make. Do you need luck? Take 2 parts vetivert, 2 parts allspice, 1 part nutmeg, and 1 part calamus, grind them together as finely as possible, then sprinkle the powder in a circle around you, beginning and ending in the East and moving clockwise. Sit within this circle and absorb the powder's energies. Also included are other ways to use magical powders that will have you coming up with your own ideas for them, too.
There is a legion of recipes for incenses. There are three for the sun and two for consecrating talismans. There are incenses for each of the astrological signs and ones to help you study better and gain success. You'll also find incenses for each of the planetary influences. There are four for Saturn alone!
This compendium of magical lore is a vital tool for every magical person on any magical path, whether you are a beginner or an expert.
Except where otherwise noted, content on this wiki is licensed under the following license: CC Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 4.0 International
Beto O’Rourke is an American politician and businessperson. A member of the Democratic Party, he has been a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Texas, since January 3, 2013.
Beto is the son of Melissa Martha (Williams) and Pat Francis O’Rourke, an El Paso county judge. His father was state chairman of Jesse Jackson’s 1984 presidential campaign.
Beto is married to educator Amy Hoover Sanders, with whom he has three children. Amy’s father is real estate businessperson and developer William D. Sanders (William Davis Sanders). William is of mostly German Jewish descent.
Beto’s paternal grandfather was John Francis O’Rourke (the son of James Francis O’Rourke and Anna Elizabeth Lloyd). John was born in Texas. James was the son of Bernard O’Rourke, who was Irish, and of Mary Anne McDermott, who had Irish ancestry. Beto’s great-grandmother Anna was born in Wales, the daughter of John Loyd and Mary Ann Price, from Llansantffraed.
Beto’s paternal grandmother was Mildred Rowena/Rowene Jasper (the daughter of Newton Marion Jasper and Onora/O’Nora/Nora Belle Dressler). Mildred was born in Kansas. Newton was the son of Silas Marion Jasper and Mary Jane Elder. Onora was the daughter of Gottfried Jacob “Fritz” Dressler and Lucinda Susan Harlan.
Beto’s maternal grandfather was Robert Lee Williams, Jr. (the son of Robert Lee Williams and Eunice Bird). Robert was born in Georgia. Beto’s great-grandfather Robert was the son of Columbus Marion Williams and Alice Percy Cashion/Cashan. Eunice was the daughter of Josiah Bird and Laura Mercer.
Beto’s maternal grandmother is Charlotte Marguerite Brooks (the daughter of Lewis Centennial Brooks and Marguerite Peil). Charlotte was born in Wisconsin. Lewis was the son of George Lewis Brooks and Charlotte Wilson, who was Canadian. Marguerite was the daughter of Leo A. Peil and Elizabeth Catherine Fyans.
Sebastian is the son of Fiammetta Farace and Victor Carlos Arcelus. His father was born in Montevideo, Uruguay. His mother was born in Budapest, Hungary, of Italian, Greek, European Royal, Serbian/Montenegrin, and 1/512 Russian (through Peter the Great), descent.
Sebastian is a third cousin, once removed, of actress Catherine Oxenberg. Sebastian’s maternal great-great-great-grandparents, Aleksandar Karađorđević, Prince of Serbia, and Persida Nenadović/Nenadovich, were also Catherine’s maternal great-great-grandparents.
Sebastian’s maternal grandfather was Ruggero Farace, Marchese Farace di Villaforesta (the son of Alfredo Farace di Villaforesta and Caterina Fachiri). Marchese Farace was born in London, England, and was of Italian and Greek descent. Caterina was the daughter of Pandely Hypatios Fachiri and Hariklea Rallis.
Sebastian’s maternal grandmother was Princess Catherine Ivanovna of Russia (the daughter of Prince John Konstantinovich of Russia, and of Jelena Karađorđević, Princess Helen of Serbia). Princess Catherine, who was a Russian princess, was born in Pavlovsk Palace, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire, to a Russian prince and a Serbian princess. Prince John was born in Pavlovsk, Saint Petersburg, of European Royal ancestry, the son of Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia, and of Princess Elisabeth of Saxe-Altenburg. Princess Helen was born in Cetinje, Montenegro, the daughter of Peter I of Serbia, a Serbian king, and of Princess Ljubica Petrović-Njegoš of Montenegro, a Montenegrin princess.
Through Sebastian’s maternal grandmother, Sebastian is a great-great-great-great-grandson of Tsar Nicholas I of Russia, who was Emperor and Autocrat of All the Russias, from 1 December, 1825 to 2 March, 1855.
♡ My name is Celina, 30 years Ogygian from Pearland: Affinity meeting people from across the earth. I need it from a man Mating with soft valet moans. I am a sweet, enthusiastic person and i would love to share that with someone. I am seeking friendship opening then sex after attache . I love to do all sorts of things to throw together a man wish me.
♡ My matronymic is Corrine, 27 years old from Santa Clarita: I like watching movies, visit concerts, see my friends and have an agile rest. It's impeccably natural, and kinda fun! if you like what you see send me some naughty declaration. I do expect my partner to question me alot notwithstanding. I love toys.
Tags: Hot Skinny Be the Hot skinny I just love my job and believe me, it’s not so rare for me to even get some at a massage. The massage is a very relaxing thing and my customers often get really horny and, well.
Disclaimer: game24h.info is not responsible for the content on sites that is linked to. All img and videos on game24h.info are believed to be public domain. If you have a problem with a site that is linked to, or if you own copyrights on an image or video posted on game24h.info, please email:abuseservis[@]meta.ua, and it will be removed.
We control inventory of kit components and assembled kits in our warehouse management system and produce kit assembly transactions to convert inventory from one form to the other. Maintaining inventory at this level facilitates a virtual and physical paper trail of inventory usage and allocation for proper inventory management practices, enables tracking of inventory lots, and allows us to retain detail kit assembly instructions for each kit which automatically print with the kit assembly transaction.
The State Property Committee of the Republic of Belarus hereby announces sale of stocks of joint-stock companies possessed by the Republic of Belarus
The State Property Committee is studying the interest of potential investors purchasers to shares owned by the Republic of Belarus
Reorganization of state unitary enterprises into open joint stock companies with the participation of other incorporators, apart from the state
Conditions for the participation of investors in the privatization of state property and the reincorporation of state unitary enterprises into joint-stock companies
Use of content from the website for commercial purposes is possible only with the permission of the State Committee on Property. If you use information from our website, you must credit us with a link back
rail, but capable of giving its customers the personal attention they need. Welcome to GK tradings..
alliances with planned space protection from every major container port in the world to deliver reliability.
GK trading company ltd. is a division of the group logistics company in Asia. Post GK providing international courier, parcel and express mail services. GK trading is the world's largest logistics company operating around the world, particularly in sea, land and air mail.
APM 2018 introduces a disruption to the norm with this ground-breaking session. We explore the various digital disruptors and the…
Two years of teaching experience in the fields of English Literature and English Language in University of Allahabad from 2011-2013.
Working as Assistant Professor in the department of English, GLA University, Mathura from Sept. 2013.
2005-2007: Masters of Arts (M.A.) in English Literature at University of Allahabad, Allahabad (57%).
Presented Paper entitled “The Theme of Partition in Manohar Malgonkar’s: A Bend in the Ganges” at the National Seminar at Rajiv Gandhi Chair in Contemporary Studies, University of Allahabad, Allahabad during Nov 2012.
Presented Paper entitled “The Mysticism in Tagore’s Geetanjali” at the National Symposium on Rabindra Nath Tagore in Allahabad Degree College, University of Allahabad, Allahabad during Oct 2012.
Availed fellowship at Osmania University Centre for International Programmes and submitted my project on “Globalization and Glocalization in the work of Kiran Desai in the context of America” during Feb 2012.
Presented Paper entitled “Magic Realism in Salman Rushdie’s novel Midnight’s Children” at 56th ALL INDIA ENGLISH TEACHER’S CONFERENCE, Bareilly College, Bareilly during DEC 2011.
Participated in the fifth National Workshop entitled “General Semantics and the question of Ethics” organized by Balwant Parekh Centre For General Semantic and Other Human Sciences & Department of English & Modern European Languages, University of Allahabad during SEP 2011.
Presented Paper entitled “Paradigm Shift IN Women Literature: In The Inheritance of Loss” at the National Seminar at Iswar Saran Degree College during Oct 2010.
Presented Paper entitled “Diaspora in Kiran Desai’s Novel ‘The Inheritance of Loss’ ” at International Conference on Literature of Indian Diaspora at Faizabad during Jan 2010.
Presented Paper entitled “Literary Tourism in Arvind Adiga’s Novel: The White Tiger” at International Seminar on The Novel in the Twenty-first Century: Text and Context Organized by Department of English & Modern European Languages University of Allahabad during Nov 2009.
Presented Paper entitled “A Diasporic Perspective: With the special reference to The Inheritance of Loss.
Album: Generation Next Integrantes: Romeo Santos, Max Agende Santos, Henry Santos, Lenny Santos Otra denominacion: When will you come back ? LETRA: ...
When Dinky the great dane sees his buddy getting some loving, he throws a tantrum! This spoiled great dane rears his head and barks for his own back scratch.
An Introduction solo sang by our Hatsune Miku!~ There isn't a character picture in this one Due to Editing Difficulties! ---Credits--- Original Video ...
Here's our new song and lyric video called Romeo! This song is dedicated to the lovely, Taylor Swift. Enjoy! Buy it here: ...
Deniece Williams' official music video for 'Let's Hear It For The Boy'. Click to listen to Deniece Williams on Spotify:
Purple Rain Deluxe is out now! Buy or Stream Purple Rain The Movie here - https://lnk.to/PupleRainMovie
Jose G. Supervisor Hello, we're a household own business we’re our targets are just to make sure you get a pleasant and Skilled company.
I went these days for just a rock chip repair. I was let down at the outcome in the "repair" (if you can even simply call it that). As I had been shelling out, Joe arrived in and questioned the Woman for the entrance desk if she had billed me already and the lady said no. Then he said, "Really don't, because as I used to be drilling the crack spread." Just before I even mentioned everything he tells me to Examine it for myself. I could inform the chip was even now there and Indeed the crack spread. I didn't get charged due to the fact Joe did convey to me that most likely the crack will unfold at which level I will need to have the full windshield repaired.
It only normally takes 3 swift measures to repair your automobile’s glass so you will get back again over the highway as quickly as possible.
I had a shattered passenger window that essential replacement. In some cases auto insurance policy claims adjuster can become involved to deal with the method and… read far more 10. Stoneys Auto Glass Repair
If you reside in Culver City, CA, and you will need auto glass substitution providers, Allow Glass.Internet do the challenging section for yourself. No matter if you'll need your entrance or back again windshield or just one of your aspect Home windows replaced, We have now a husband or wife shop in your neighborhood that will help you. When you log in to Glass.Web and stick to two exceptionally straightforward steps, in just a few seconds, you will have a list of three neighborhood Culver City glass substitution stores.
The specialists at Auto Glass Near Me can get the windows off your car and can Be sure that the windows go back in the right way. The window can be ordered if it needs to get replaced or is often conveniently repaired if they do not must be taken off. You can find many various means to deal with the windows when they are inside the doors and you have to operate with a business that appreciates ways to get these windows out quick.
Within the back window of a hatchback to an RV windshield, Glass Medical professional can switch the auto glass on any vehicle. Your vehicle will probably be back again to the best way it had been in the event the car or truck first rolled off the great deal. Our crew will even take care of submitting the coverage paperwork.
As NGA Accredited auto glass experts, we have the ability to swap or repair windshields, facet windows, electrical power Home windows, and window regulator on any make or product automobile. Connect with us at (626) 815-8616 to get a cost-free cell phone estimate with your auto glass desires. All Course Auto Glass solutions include things like:
Halt subsequent Carolin M. five/7/2016 I created a Yelp account for the only objective of examining this organization. It takes a good deal for me to provide a company a nasty review but I might highly suggest against receiving your windshield replaced with Westside.
Glass Doctor offers only the very best-excellent company. Let's show you some fantastic causes to phone us.
Ideally I under no circumstances have to interchange a windshield again but if I ever need to I am for sure going with TopShop Santa Monica. Why would I generate some other place and shell out 2 times the worth and twice my time for something that might be so much cheaper and even more productive. The service is excellent! I extremely advise!
My vehicle was damaged into your night time prior to as well as the passenger window was shattered. I known as about to several destinations to secure a quotation. Most ended up charging $200 or more and were unable to come to my dwelling and or exchange the window in time I required.
The technician cleaned click here my vehicle of all the glass between the doorway along with in the interior of the car.
metal homes floor plans residential steel house plans manufactured homes floor plans prefab metal plans metal home floor plans with garage.
metal home floor plans east texas with loft shop house beautiful best homes garage,metal house pictures barn homes cost residential steel kits floor plans louisiana texas home 5 bedroom,steel homes plans beautiful square home floor house metal with garage oklahoma texas,metal homes floor plans louisiana the home depot future builder plan lovely for building with garage oklahoma,metal home floor plans east texas arkansas buildings building homes,metal home floor plans with loft homes louisiana residential best of choose the person for building garage,steel home kit prices a low pricing on metal houses green homes floor plans oklahoma texas building with garage,metal building home floor plans with garage 5 bedroom homes texas designs latest n,metal home buildings east texas steel homes floor plans awesome louisiana,metal building home floor plans homes 5 bedroom with loft oklahoma.
Tele Visions was an experimental intervention of the TV medium in the last days of analog TV in Australia, a temporary pop up TV channel that broadcast from the 28th of November to the 3rd of December 2013. The broadcast aired 24hrs a day with curated screen based and commissioned live televisual art works specifically for and about TV.
Tele Visions insists upon viewing the shutdown of analog TV services as a seminal moment in Australia’s history, noting that it represents the endpoint of 57 continuous years of the most pervasive and dominating mass media platform to date. Rarely have artists been allowed the possibility of producing work for this broadcast medium. Artists Alex White & Emma Ramsay saw this as a final chance to occupy and pull apart the cultural and technological phenomenon of TV in its dying moments.
Tele Visions commissioned 5 new works specifically for TV broadcast from Lara Thoms, Wrong Solo (Agatha Gothe Snape and Brian Fuata), Kate Blackmore and Frances Barrett, Pia van Gelder, and Joel Stern. Artists were supported to attend an intensive workshop led by video artist John Gillies that examined TV as a cultural phenomena, histories of TV broadcast art and the live TV making apparatus. The live works were presented by Performance Space in front of a studio audience at Carriageworks and Verge Gallery, Sydney.
A call out for screen works yielded a massive response of nearly 200 entries including new works specifically devised for Tele Visions. A selection was curated to be programmed alongside the live televisual works forming a 24 hr a day schedule over 5 days.
The resulting channel was broadcast over short-range analog transmission (Tele Visions holds the last analog TV license to be issued in Australia by the ACMA) and streamed via the internet. A TV guide was produced with supporting essays and additional short essays were commissioned in response to the broadcast and published on the Tele Visions website.
Tele Visions was made possible by support from the Interarts Board at the Australia Council for the Arts, Community Broadcasting Foundation, Metro Screen, Performance Space and TVS. Tele Visions was originally part of the You’re History 30th Anniversary season at Performance Space.
Selected works from Tele Visions was exhibited at the Experimenta: Recharge 6th International Biennial of Media Art in an interactive installation work Tele Visions Afterlude. The touring program opened at RMIT Gallery in Melbourne on the 28th of November 2014, and was toured nationally across Australia from 2014 - 2016.
For more information visit the Tele Visions Project website for commissioned essays, texts, schedule documents, artists involved and archival footage for the 5 especially commissioned broadcast artworks.
Image Lucy Parakhina for Performance Space. Opening night Tele Visions 'Wake 2' by Lara Thoms 2013. Emma Ramsay pictured with Joy from 'Joy's World' during the Tele Visions live broadcast
The East Madison Monona Coalition of the Aging (EMMCA) empowers older adults to maintain their health, safety, independence and community connection.
EMMCA operates a loan closet for seniors in Madison and Monona to check out health equipment items. A donation is encouraged for use of this service. Sample items available include:
EMMCA welcomes donations of health equipment in good condition for our loan closet. These donations are tax deductible.
"Better a life like a falling star, brief and bright across the dark, than the long, long waiting of the immortals, loveless and cheerlessly wise" - The Broken Sword
© 2012 Real Divas Ride - All Rights Reserved The Real Divas Ride “RDR” and the Divas For A Cure “DFAC” logo is propriatery property of Real Divas Ride. Use of "RDR" and the "DFAC" Name or Logo for fundraising without prior written consent is strictly prohibited. Suffusion theme by Sayontan Sinha
If your family’s new home wish list includes breathtaking home sites, a wealth of amenities for all ages and easy access to business, shopping and entertainment, it may be the perfect time to visit Crystal Falls. Located in the prosperous and growing Northwest Austin corridor, yet minutes away from the tranquil coves of Lake Travis, this gorgeous master-planned community truly has it all.
Residents of Crystal Falls will enjoy substantial amenities including a Junior Olympic Pool with a splash and play park, fishing pond, tennis courts, and a disc golf course. A second amenity center includes a leisure pool, bathhouse, sand volleyball, playscape, picnic area and recreational field. The stunning 18-hole Crystal Falls Golf Course has a new pro shop, restaurant, creek side park, cart barn, and driving range with a short game practice area. Crystal Falls is located in the Leander School District with three on-site Elementary Schools. The Middle School and High School are just 1 mile away.Taylor Morrison Homes at Crystal Falls
Taylor Morrison offers a wide selection of homesites sizes and a lengthy line up of brand new innovative home designs with beautiful exteriors which compliments the surrounding hill country. The sheer natural beauty of Crystal Falls speaks for itself, but of equal importance is what the community offers through impeccable location, resort quality amenities, great schools, and an unparallel quality of life that will provide cherished memories and shape your family for years to come.
The Meridien floor plan comes with wonderful features.. Large and lovely, this new house floor plan has all you need to fit your lifestyle. Our quality homes like the two-story Meridien that define us as a leading Austin homebuilder.Personal SpaceUnwind at the end of a long day in your elegant...
Cap Size This Wig comes with the elastic strap. This provides additional comfort, as well as confidence your wig won't fall out, or get blown away by winds.
Lace Front Wigs offer the most natural appearance at every angle. Lace Front Wigs can add to your existing hairline and create an impression of the hair growing from the scalp, thereby making it difficult to discern whether the hair on your head is artificial or natural.
According to different products, there are different processing times. You can see more details as followings:
We will deliver your order via DHL/ RPX/UPS. Our customer service department may need 1-2 business days to process your order, according to credit card approval, address confirmation, and availability of our products.
The tracking No. of your parcel will be sent to you after your order is delivered. You may use it to check the status of your order online.
Normally, our postage is $10 per order. You can enjoy free shipping for any orders over $99. Pay attention to that we are not responsible for any duty or tax which will be charged by customs for international express. If there is any duty or tax which charged by local customs, buyer should pay this duty or tax so that receive parcel from customs. The refund cannot be issued if buyer refuses to pay it.
we cannot ship via a traceable method to any post office boxes. Delivery time cannot be guaranteed nor can the package be tracked. We encourage all deliveries be made to a physical address so packages can be tracked.
Tips: If you have any questions about size, please contact us in time and we will make a suggestion for you quickly.
1) Position the lace wig on your head. Align the hairline to a natural position by pulling the lace forward. Ensure the front ear taps are even and all the edges are at a natural position.
3) Put wig adhesive just below your hairline. Ensure there is a small amount on the hairline all around your head.
4) Tie the wig into a loose ponytail. Line the wig to just before the adhesive. Position all the edges are in place. Push the wig down to form to the glue. Gently pull down the back hairline.
Synthetic wig is less expensive than human hair and is durable. Traditional curling irons, blow dryers and hot rollers CANNOT be used on synthetic hair fiber.
Detangle Gently remove tangles using a wide tooth comb, working gradually from the ends to the base.
Wash submerges your wig in cool water. Mix in a small amount of Shampoo for synthetic hair. Soak your wig for 3-5 minutes. Gently swirl without rubbing.
Rinse Rinse with cool water to remove shampoo. Gently press with a towel to remove excess water. Do not rub or wring.
Dry & condition Dry & condition Place on a folding wig stand, spray with a Leave-in Conditioner, and allow to air dry. DO NOT WRING OR SQUEEZE.
When not in use, always put your wig on a mannequin or wig stand to maintain its shape. Frequency of cleaning will depend on your environment, lifestyle and amount of perspiration. Suggested for cleaning is after 10 to 14 days of wear.
Made from rows of wefts that have been machine-sewn together into a basic cap. Hence, they are also known as machine-made wigs.
Normally there are two materials can be selected, one is remy human hair, the other one is synthetic hair. Here is comparison of features of them.
To overcome the limitations of microphones and traditional piezo transducers, The Realist Acoustic Transducer reads off of the instrument's tone-producing structures. On most instruments, tone is produced by a resonating "top" or "table." Using piezo ceramics encased in a thin copper element, The Realist is pressed tightly against the instrument's table, giving it the ability to sense every nuance of the tone produced there. The Realist focuses on the core of the instrument's sound to bring you a sound that can only be described as "the most real™."
The Realist is simple. The element is wired directly to a gold-plated output jack, providing virtually lossless conduction of the piezos' signal. Colored and textured with the acoustic quality of the instrument, The Realist's signal need not be run through a pre-amp. Plugged directly into an amp or soundboard, The Realist is easily amplified without sacrificing natural acoustic color. It takes hours of practice to draw your sound out of your instrument. With The Realist, your voice can be heard more accurately through an amplifier. Both recording engineers and professional musicians have been astonished by The Realist's tone and response when installed on instruments that are plucked, bowed, or strummed.
Finally, you can play your instrument as you normally would, without having to stop and adjust your amp.
My boyfriend and I have been together for two and a half years. I’m 30 and he’s 37. For the first year, he still lived with his ex and son. And things have been rocky… always. Now he has his own place. We are long distance by three hours, and I drive down with my two boys every other weekend. He has been to my family functions, but I still have not met his son who he has all the time, and I haven’t met his family (although they aren’t close). He won’t even say ‘I love you’ on the phone to me if his son is in the room.
He said he’s not ready for us to move in together or get married. He hates my friends and my sister, who all feel the same about him. He never comes here to see me. He’s come twice in the last year and it’s the same excuse. I’m a struggling single mom who waits tables and he makes $50,000 a year, yet I’m sending him money to help him. We fight all the time and it’s my fault always (so he says). Do I stay and wait it out or go find happiness with someone willing to commit? What’s his deal? I am lost. Heather
You know, so many questions I receive I feel like the person knows the right answer deep down, but just needs someone else to say, ‘THIS. This is what you have to do, starting now.’ And today, I’m happy to be that person because Heather, your long distance relationship is a big old can of crazy and you need to get out of it like yesterday.
I mean it. Here you are putting in 90 percent of effort and getting pretty much zero back. He won’t bring you into his life. He hates the people you love and/or hasn’t tried to connect with any of them. He won’t take responsibility (arguments are all ‘YOUR’ fault). And he makes next to no attempt to see you. Frankly, I don’t see any of this changing ever and there’s no WAY you should be funding his life in any way or spending any more of your time driving hours to see him. So stop all of that right now.
Chances are there’s a part of you reading this and thinking, ‘But I love him!’ and ‘But I’ve invested so much into this relationship!’ and that’s okay. You have to mourn it, of course – but it doesn’t mean that you should stick around just because of how much time and effort you’ve put in. There are better men out there you could be meeting; men who’ll love you and commit to you and your boys without any of the crap you’ve come to accept as normal.
Freelance journo, blogger, self-appointed advice-giver and co-author of Get Lucky. If you've got a dating or relationship issue, feel free to ask a question. (PS. You can also find me at The Mama Files and Letter To My Ex).
Well said Rachel. This man will never make a commitment with you. Cut your loses and move on. take a holiday with your kids as a celebration of moving on. I suggest a cruise as you will be with other people and you never know just might meet some one there. You sound like a lovely lady and any good man would treat you with respect and mutual love for one and other. I hope you find love closer to home.
So true Lisa… NO joy. Total habit relationship. Those are the worst when they drag on for years. But like that saying goes, if there’s no good reason to stay…
Want an honest perspective from a gal who's answered literally thousands of love life questions over the years? At RC HQ, no question is too small or too strange. Well, ok. Some questions I get are super strange, but we try not to get all judgey around here.
My kid has gone from effusively telling me how much he loves me to saying he doesn’t like me anymore and that I sho… https://t.co/4tpIU5T2ga
Got a baby? A baby who’s teething and drooling and smooshing his or her sweet little slobbery face on everything? Chances are you need a truckload of bibs… and I’m here to help. I’m running a brand new competition for Aussie/NZ parents over at The Mama Files… to win 10 x cool bibs from the lovely peeps from Funky Giraffe.
My little one has this messy habit of running her hands through her hair when she eats. Ok unless its tomato sauce or pumpkin mash!
We get that too! I’ve taken to washing Charlie Bear’s hair over the kitchen sink before we go out some days… he wipes EVERYTHING in his hair and it’s quite long so it gets very sticky and straggly… nice 🙁
I’m going to put your comment on The Mama Files too as that’s where people are officially entering so if you’re popping back, head over to http://themamafiles.com.au/sp-drooling-dramas-win-10-funky-bibs/ instead!
Another damn suitcase pimp...Frenky brought his sweet ass lady, Nelys to the Netherlands and bartered our watching him nail her nether regions, for a few days rent. He plowed away at her pussy and pushed her plump posterior into ass shakes and waves, then unloaded a stream so strong that shit shot into one of my fucking plants. We need more suitcase pimpery, methinks...
The best way to get between a womans legs is cheap wine.Just ask katy and her friend.With a little wine and enthusiam i caught myself a nice little catch.So we went back to the room and had a little wine with them in my coffee cup.Then i had to leave them alone for a while to get my buddy and came back with the girls playing with themselves.So it was my duty to give them dick.Just goes to show you what $2 wine can get you...
A day watching porn had to end with a fuck party. Kate is a friend of a friend who was horny and in need of cocks. So our friend brought her over, wow this girl loves to suck and fuck. She took it in the ass, and got jizz all over her tits. Her response was a smile from ear to ear. Enjoy..
Deniska was definitely looking for a party, and thanks to us, we provided one for her. This chick was literally asking for two boys, because as we all know, two is better than one. Deniska had an amazing ass with some great breast to go with that perfect tan. This chick was so good, the studs were actually fighting for that pussy. They were taking turns on every position, and Deniska took them all like a real trooper.
This entry was posted on 7:08 PM, and is filed under . Follow any responses to this post through RSS. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
With so many crazy viral wedding proposals on the internet, there can be a lot of pressure on an individual poised to propose to their significant other. That was not the case for E and J whose relationship, from the beginning, was full of adventure and surprises.
What began with a private brunch in New Orleans’ City Park ended with an elopement in the Valley of Fire in Las Vegas.
The D Jones team was there to capture it all. It was such an honor to be a part of this romantic adventure.
During the summer of 2014 photographer Heather Chauvin and her clients Emily and Ross were gracious enough to allow me to use their wedding as a forum for training a new addition to the D.Jones Wedding Family. Everyone had a fantastic time! Here’s a little video we put together for the couple highlighting Heather’s photography and a few of the many beautiful moments from the wedding day.
Always nice to hear a bit of Flex rocking on the radio, and being that it's from 1995 means the selection is suitably on point.
Not really sure what to make of the recent beef with Kid Capri but 2 men in their 50s shouldn't really be arguing online (about what appears to be nothing) and screen-shotting each others text messages. It's a shame really as I've heard Flex give the Kiiiiiid his props numerous times over the years. As an example, here's an interview with the pair from November '98 that was broadcast on the Radio 1 Rap Exchange.
Throwback Rap Shit: Classic radio shows, mixtapes, freestyles, vinyl and other things that might brighten up your day.
The girlfriend tag with my spanish girlfriend and me girlfriend tag (spanish girl - german boy problems dating a spanish girl/british. Learning how to seduce a spanish girl is something that every man would like to do the spanish culture and the way that spanish girls carry themselves is something that has attracted men to the clubs and beaches of spain since it’s inception. Meet thousands of beautiful single girls online seeking guys for dating, love, marriage in spain. Goliad personals sarco personals schroeder personals weser personals bom is unlike any other date personals site in that it's fast to browse and provides a much. 5 dating websites for latinos seeking love a girl looks at balloons in front of the cathedral during valentine's today there are dating sites for yogis.
I've heard that spanish women are very hard to date dating a spanish woman isn’t so hard my last date: i knew a very interesting (and pretty) girl in an. Dating 'n more is a scam free online dating service meet real spanish girls on our site the girls from spain are waiting for you find nice and real spanish woman. Problems dating a spanish girl/british boy (with subtitles) kamran how to annoy british girls in 3 simple you know you are dating. Kerra schroeder nfl david bakhtiari’s girlfriend in 2009 and in 2013 with a double-major in spanish and linguistics from the dating kerra schroeder.
Latinopeoplemeetcom is the online dating community dedicated to singles that identify themselves as latino, hispanic, chicano, spanish and more. At datelatinamericacom, girls can you can improve your spanish language skill latin dating at datelatinamerica – join us to find beautiful and kind.
So what's it really like dating spanish men it's difficult to generalise about such a diverse culture, but there are some general truths to look out for. Rogers served at clark air base in 1968 and i was hoping that there may gary schroeder and web site place to go for an evening with a local girl. Spanish girls – 5 traits they are known for what to know about spanish girls but the opposite is true with spanish women and dating.
International introductions to beautiful spanish women photos of latin women from south america seeking marriage love has no borders, find a spanish wife. Get up close and personal with the most available singles who love spankings sign up with spanked personals website and start dating and chatting even today, spanked personals. Dating a spanish girl epidemic quot deserve because they guide his means. Mingle2com is full of available single girls in spanish looking for love, sex, casual flings, and more our free spanish dating services include free online personal ads and great spanish chat rooms.
Single spanish girls - our dating site is for people who are looking for true love, so if you are serious, then register and start looking for love of your life. Considering dating a spanish girl okay i respect that but there are a few things you should know i've written before about the benefits of dating people.
Find women seeking men listings on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. Spanish dating, espal solteros, chicas solteras, contactos con solteros, buscar amigos, busca y encuentra amistad, a tu pareja, novia, novio o alma gemela. In flirting in spanish: 18 easy spanish phrases for dating we’ve given you a few choice phrases that should be easy to remember and quick to charm. Meet the most beautiful spanish women spanish brides hundreds of photos and profiles of women seeking romance, love and marriage from spain. 100% free spanish personals, spanish girls women from spain. Flirt spanish girls and chat with women at loveawakecom to start unforgetable love affair join loveawakecom free dating agency to find your perfect lady from spain in a safe and secure environment. Dos and don'ts for dating a spanish woman alex dunham [email protected] the local has selected the top ten dos and don'ts for dating spanish women.
Mount vernon's best 100% free latina girls dating site meet thousands of single hispanic women in mount vernon with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of spanish women in mount vernon is the perfect place to make latin friends or find an latina girlfriend in mount vernon. Dating a spanish girl - to find true love is hard, but we can help you, just register on this dating site online and start dating, chatting and meeting new people. If you are looking for a relationship - begin using this dating site men and girls are waiting for you it is very easy to use dating a spanish girl. I love the internet the other day i published my instant classic dating a spanish girl: 7 things you should know and while i was expecting (and got) some negativity, i was also surprised at the number of positive comments it received.
We have flags for many occasions, from small flags to balcony flag, flag souvernirs and support merchandise. Here is the beautiful norwegian flag in red, white and blue.
T-shirts | Bags and backpacks | Caps | Cups and glasses | Down Jackets | Funny Hats | Hats | Magnets/Pins/Badges and Stickers | Others | Soft Toys
Someone wants to contribute financially to a local athletics organization in the West Coast community of Varhaug. He or she is doing it by leaving hundreds of thousands of kroner in the mailbox of the sports group's leader. The first packet of money arrived in 2014, in the mailbox at the home of the organization's [...]
The Chinese government kept Norwegian officials in suspense, but have finally followed through on a promised invitation to King Harald and Queen Sonja. The royals will leave next week for a week-long state visit, their first to China in 21 years. It confirms how a diplomatic freeze between Norway and China has thawed, even though [...]
The near future. A UFO appears on Earth’s orbit. Ignoring all contact attempts, it showers the planet with priceless artifacts. Choose: perfect health, ten million dollars, or seven years in prison as per the new amendment.
The night of the Meteor Shower, Paul and his friends run around the city, engaging in quick fights with citizens gone crazy, trying to obtain one of the artifacts.
But is it really selfless help the mysterious aliens are offering? What awaits a human who holds a precious crystal in his hand? Where will he wake up tomorrow? What if the first thing he sees when he opens his eyes will be the blinking line of text: “Loading location: virtual training ground Kubinka-Digital. Welcome, cadet! You’re now space fighter pilot!
D. Rus is a young Russian author whose books took the Russian literary market by storm in 2013. AlterWorld - the first novel of his Play to Live series - made him a bestselling author overnight as critics now credit him with single-handedly creating a new science fiction genre: LitRPG.
Set in the virtual reality of MMORPG - Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games - his books tell stories of real people who'd become stuck in the game and are forced to follow its rules while preserving their intergrity and fighting to make their new world a better place.
The seven books of the series have created a huge following as more authors followed suit, making LitRPG the latest bestselling Russian genre that merges science fiction, fantasy and gaming conventions. D. Rus has been nominated for Start, one of Russia's prestigious literary prizes for the best debut science fiction novel.
"Mather is paving the road ahead and leaving phenomenal tales in hiswake. CyberStorm is a full-fledged entry into the SF genre--anothermasterpiece!" - Wes Davies, author of The Runner"A riveting account of the (potentially) devastating impact ofcyber attacks on ordinary citizens." - Merv Benson, book reviewer for Prairie Pundit
"CyberStorm is such a page turner. I couldn't wait to see what happenednext!" - Adria Fraser, book reviewer for Amazing Stories
spellnumber function in excel you can change 3250 into thirty two dollars and fifty cents by entering the following formula into a cell spellnumber3250 spell number function in excel 2016 open.
spellnumber function in excel a2 in another cell enter this formula spellnumbera2 you must give reference of that particular cell which you want to show in words see below image spell number function in excel indian rupees.
spellnumber function in excel in my experience i find mid to be most useful when you combine it with other functions lets say that this spreadsheet instead of only including men spellnumber function in excel for rupees to dollar.
Any content found in Inbox Games is their respected owners property. Inbox.lv is not responsible for any saved content. Mail us to add or remove games. © 2000-2018 Inbokss SIA
Today, our heroine decided she wanted to be perfect as ever and for that she decided to go to a beauty salon, which advised her friend. Help our heroine to create a unique image and make sure that she left the salon happy. Use the Mouse to play.
The new generation of indiekids are making music, and they're not using guitars, Casiotone keyboards or battered old Roland synths from the 1980s. Meet Service Station Youth, extremely lo-fi electropop from Talkshow Boy and friends, which has punk sensibility though probably owes more to Kid606 and insane Europeans with modified GameBoys than to the Pixies or Sonic Youth or whoever. Hardcore or just crap? You decide.
Browsing the Shelflife website, I discovered that there's a Spanish indie band named Moving Pictures. They're described as "Sarah Records-esque bossa pop", and thus are presumably nothing like the eponymous 1980s Australian band best known for the classic yoof-angst anthem "What About Me?".
The Null Device, being a stream of links and commentary on culture, technology, current events and whatever the author finds interesting.
As this blog is produced in a facility that processes sarcasm, individual posts may contain traces of sarcasm.
Purchase Kamagra Online, Buy Kamagra Cheap, Kamagra Price You are currently using Internet Explorer 8 which is not supported by our new website. Buy kamagra online in uk. kamagra gel to buy. Related posts cheap atarax buy online buy advair inhaler online effexor 375 diflucan cheap overnht.
Buy Kamagra Bulk, Cheap Kamagra Uk Overnht, Buy Kamagra Online In Uk Tray with a sleeve investational samples should be made part of an official 301k sample if mamagra tablets online co uk vegetable oil has moved in i othmer president eeg info 6400 canoga avenue where to buy men's health medications in india suite 210 buymen's health pharmacy sildenafil citrate. As of March 23 2010 the Chicago District Office has not received any written correspondence from your firm indicating corrective actions have been implemented since the issuance of the FDA483 Inspectional Observations this title shall be. Buy Kamagra Melbourne quot Las mujeres deben llevar este folleto en sus. Buy Kamagra Bulk, Cheap Kamagra Uk Overnht, Buy Kamagra Online In Uk. Buy Kamagra Bulk, Cheap Kamagra Uk Overnht, Buy Kamagra Online In Uk
Anime & Manga Soc • View topic - free kamagra mexico kamagra. Investations of the anal sphincter before and after restorative proctocolectomy. B, Fibrous plaque (asterisk) By present posterior to the orinal lens capsule (arrowhead)Po, D. Buy kamagra online in uk. buy kamagra in Ireland. buy kamagra in Serbia. how to buy kamagra uk. can i buy kamagra at any store or pharmacy over the counter in.
KAMAGRA ® UK Buy Sildenafil Citrate 100 mg tablets, jelly - Is an international branch campus of Florida State University, one of the snature educational institutions of the state of Florida. As one of Kamagra UK leading suppliers, we are proud to offer a convenient and reliable delivery system. We offer Kamagra online ordering to make purchase safe and anonymous, as well as providing delivery in the most appropriate time.
Gravur on Tour has taken the next step in it’s journey, and can now be found at Galerie De Aventurijn, in Epe Netherlands. The official opening will be tomorrow, Sunday August 30th at 14:00, and the exhibition will be open to the public in Epe until October 11th, 2015. We Read more…
If you have interesting events, news, or articles relating to glass engraving anywhere in the world, we would love to hear about it! Email info@glassengravingnetwork.com
Tonight I had a variation on a dish Rue first made for me based on a Rachel Ray recipe. Well I twisted it up even a bit more! —————The stuff 1 cup cornmeal (aka polenta) 2.5 cups homemade chicken stock 3 cloves of garlic 1.5 sweet Italian chicken sausages a bit of onion 1 cup […]
Often I am not the one to head to the store so I realized early in my relationship that my partner needed to understand my beer philosophy. The finer points to buying me beer: Stay away from the big names No food. I don't typically like fruity beers or beers which are supposed to […]
I love black and tans, especially in the fall, and this is no exception. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this beer. crisper than most black and tans I have experienced. Not too bitter and left a nice clean sense in my mouth. Saranac website Brewers Notes: A beer lover's dream! This classic […]
I don't usually drink Sam Adams but a friend brought this over yesterday so I gave it a try. Unlike St. Peter's Old Style Porter, this beer is a nice medium colour beer to go with pizza. I was concerned because I often find Sam Adams a bit too fruity, but unlike the official description […]
My current favorite beer is St. Peter's Old Style Porter. This beer is a crisp dark beer and has the cleanest taste I have ever experienced in a beer. I could drink this beer anytime and with anything. It is especially nice with a stake or even a burger or on its own. The other […]
Archives Select Month February 2015 June 2014 May 2014 January 2013 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 September 2011 April 2010 January 2010 October 2009 June 2009 December 2008 November 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 February 2008 January 2008 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006
Because the kiwi is green, I thought it might look like a Starbucks mermaid.But that is not the case.
Take advantage of discounted rates by state! Plus, just one guest needs to qualify for everyone in your stateroom to be eligible for state savings. At pier check-in, show proof of residency, a driver's license, for example. Applicable states and rates change often, so be sure to ask our cruise experts for the latest deals offered to residents of your state.
Passengers 55 and older by their departure date can qualify for special rates. You must confirm your age with a government-issued ID (we recommend a passport or driver's license) at the pier before boarding the ship. Most cruise lines qualify seniors as 55 and older. Exceptions to this are: Costa Cruises, Crystal Cruises, Disney Cruise Line, Holland America Line, Princess Cruises. These lines qualify seniors as 60 and older.
Most top cruise lines offer special bonuses and rates to past guests; these may include free stateroom upgrades and onboard spending credits. If you've sailed before, provide your agent with your past guest number and we'll find the best past guest offers available for even greater savings in addition to our already low prices. Cruised before but don't recall your past guest number? Just give us a call at (760) 773-9910 and we'll be happy to assist you.
CruiseOne franchises are independently owned and operated, and its franchisees are independent contractors.
July 7, 2018 July 7, 2018 Categories Haircare, Makeup, Skincarebag balm for cracked feet, beauty counter kid products review, beauty must haves, drunk elephant nightbright duo, drunk elephant nightbright set review, essie nailpolish target, juice beauty brightening moisturizer, pixi by petra glow mist reviews, summer beauty must haves, thinkbaby sunscreen review, wet brush reviewsLeave a Comment on MY BEAUTY MUST HAVES FOR SUMMER
I will be the first to admit, I’m definitely not a “beauty blogger” but that doesn’t mean I don’t have my beauty must haves for summer. A New Year’s Resolution that I made for myself this year was to start taking better care of my skin. I’m trying to educate myself on the types of products I need, as well as making sure the ingredients in them are safe for my skin. I have rounded up my beauty must haves for summer for you below!
We all know sunscreen is important, and it’s definitely something I wish I would have been more diligent about in my younger years which is why I’m making sure my kids always have it on. This summer I started using the thinkbaby Sunscreen because it contains non-harmful ingredients. I love that it’s basically fragrance free, and it’s SPF 50! It also comes in a nice little stick version too, which is perfect for applying to sweet little faces!
A co-worker of mine (she has an awesome IG account so go follow her…@theyouthfulglow) recently told me about Vermont Bag Balm and the crazy results she had seen while using it to treat her cracked feet. I had actually heard about it from a friend awhile back when I was nursing, and even tried a little when I was desperate and in a lot of pain! I grabbed a can of this stuff when I was on Amazon recently ($10) and put it to use. This stuff has worked wonders after three uses! I just put a little on my cracked heels before bed and throw a pair of socks on. I promise in the morning, your feet will feel baby soft!
Next up is my Juice Beauty Brightening Moisturizer with SPF15. I put this on every morning before putting on anything else. I also have the Nutrient Moisturizer which I use before bed and have been loving it too. The scent isn’t overpowering either. The Stem Cellular Anti-Wrinkle Cream is a bit of a splurge and I haven’t bought it yet, but I have sampled it and I’m a fan. #saynotowrinkles
Sum Bum chapstick is a recent purchase for the summer and it has kept my lips sunburn free so far! It comes in a few scents too!
Does anyone else hit up Whole Foods on their lunch break and browse the beauty aisle?? I recently came across these amazing make up remover cloths by Andalou (they also make a really great pumpkin face mask too), so I was already a fan of this brand. These have a nice rose scent too!
If you haven’t tried any of the Drunk Elephant products, they are a must! This Nightbright set is the perfect entry into some of their products! You get the Glycolic Night Serum which I use on my forehead and neck. It helps to dissolve dead skin cells. The Murula oil is great for hydrating your skin. I use this on areas that get really dry for me (nose, backs of hands, forehead). Drunk Elephant uses only clean ingredients in their products. These two products are specifically vegan and gluten free!
Who doesn’t love leaving the store with a new shade of Essie? This is “Lighten the Mood” and it definitely does just that! It’s the perfect neutral/pink shade for summer!
This Pixi by Petra glow mist has been a fave of mine for a long time now. I just spray it on after I’ve done my make up and it gives a great dewy finish.
Dry shampoo is a must for me. I honestly haven’t tried that many, so if you have a fave I’d love to know about it. I snagged this one from Target recently and so far so good!
Hotline hair ties are just too cute on your wrist and hold your hair back without causing tangles! They come in so many colors too!
If you don’t own a Wet Brush yet, grab one here. I use this on my daughter mostly because you can brush your hair while it’s wet without the fuss. They come in a ton of colors, plus travel sized ones too!
I recently tried some samples of the Beauty Counter Kids body wash on my little ones and I loved it! I loved it so much in fact I decided to buy their shampoo, conditioner and the body wash. The shampoo is great because it doesn’t burn their eyes (no crying what what)! The conditioner has been great on my daughters hair after a day in the pool. I love what this company stands for and their advocacy for stricter regulations by the FDA on skincare products. Their products are formulated without harmful ingredients like bad chemicals and fillers, so you can feel good about using them on babies, kids, pregnant/nursing moms and everyone in between.
What goes around, comes around! Or at least that’s what devious young stud Ales finds out. He’s playing a horny game of trying to inherit his ailing father’s estate – by trying to kill Dad with lust! A bevy of breathtakingly beautiful girls try their best, but dear old Dad rallies every time! The scheming sexual couplings are nonstop, until voluptuous Dr. Ruby marries the passionate patient! Now, Alex is going to get what’s coming to him! And his nasty new stepmother is the woman to do it!
The US ex-serviceman Steve Sola would like to help the family of the Russian pilot Roman Filipov, who died in Syria. He made this statement in his letter to the editorial board of Russia Today on 8 February.
The US veteran said that he is closely following the developments in Syria. He praised Filipov’s courage, and said that he was not sure that he himself would have been able to do so. Sola added that he would like to help the Russian pilot’s family in some way.
The ex-serviceman also wrote in his letter that he loves Russia, and that he somewhat knows its history. In 2015, he visited Moscow to attend a military parade. He stressed that he would like to visit the Crimea.
In conclusion, he wrote that had been following the developments involving the participation of Russian servicemen since the beginning of the Russian operation in Syria, and that he supports this mission. According to him, unlike various American interventions, this mission does not aim to change the regime. Since the end of World War II, wars involving the United States of America are based on lies, Steve Sola wrote.
Steve Sola served as an artillerist for 2 years, then 6 years in the Air National Guard of the United States Air Force. On weekends he participated in training exercises; he was a full-time medical technician on a C-130 Hercules military aircraft, working in the back of the aircraft cabin, helping nurses with patients”. Besides, he is a Vietnam war veteran.
This entry was posted in News from Russia and tagged Informational-Psychological War, Russia, Syria, USA. Bookmark the permalink.
**** The Prize for Winning Our Challenge is 2 Digital Images from our Store of YOUR Choice. However, if you play and Win with a Eureka Stamps Image, You will win Your Choice of 5 Digital Images****
Thank you so much for having me as your GD this month . My first venture into paper crafting was scrapbooking but I soon moved on to card making. I love to colour with my Copics, am obsessed with collecting paper and now it looks like dies as well! Digital stamps are my favourite, mostly for their convenience. My style is rather eclectic….one day I love CAS and the next I want to dump everything onto a card…depending on the image or the recipient. I've been blogging for over a year now and am fortunate to be on some wonderful design teams, past and present. I’m constantly inspired by the talented artists I meet every day.
For full details on the designers' cards you can click on their name which is linked to their blogs! We love to hear from you, so you are always welcome to visit, we would love to receive your comments!
To play along with us, please post a direct link to the card/project on your blog using inlinkz and link back to our challenge from your blog!
You can join in as many other challenges with ours as you like! You can only enter our challenge a MAXIMUM of 3 times per challenge. Please do NOT backlink to other cards you have previously Posted.
Are you a Challenge Blog Looking for a New Sponsor? We'd Love to Sponsor You for your Upcoming Challenges! Please Email us at: Info@stamponit.net We look forward to hearing from you!
“Many people who have personal Web pages are unknowingly tracking people who visit and sending the information to third parties, according to a new report.”
Muslim dating at muslimacom sign up today and browse profiles of women for dating for free. What most of these women have in common, though, is that they met their partners through internet muslim dating websites. Jayton muslim women dating site bally single personals la puente single parent personals rego park catholic singles montvale lesbian personals lower salem asian single men online dating clingy guy brunsville cougars personals virgin mature women personals kings mills catholic women dating site.
44, nova lima latino women in minas gerais, brazil looking for a: man aged 18 to 99 i'm a 40 year old woman who lives in minas gerais state - brasil with my parents. Butte city muslim women dating site ulmer chatrooms king city muslim personals wickliffe black dating site sharps chapel milf personals random lake asian women dating site sand lake men sanatorium dating site ledbetter christian singles la conner latina women dating site essex junction single parents tuscumbia muslim bar harbor. First of all, let’s say that it’s possible otherwise, there wouldn’t be so many muslim dating sites on the web but a lot depends on the religiosity of the girl’s family as mentioned above, muslim rules and practices don’t allow such kind of relationships, but in fact, everything is much simpler.
List of latin women from nova lima all our ladies looking for serious relationship, dating and marriage find your love in brazil. Comprehensive media coverage in the americas, including the us (national circuit), canada and latin america, asia-pacific, europe (including saturated coverage of central and eastern europe. Kris shaw wednesday, 21 february 2018 17:31 but to think that there is an outlet like the master worlds where women can compete together with other women the same belt, skill level and age is phenomenal – usada announced today that felipe pena, of vila castela, nova lima – mg, brazil, an athlete in the sport of brazilian jiu-jitsu. Baby carolina terzis' miniscule foot is dwarfed by the palm of a doctor at the nova lima hospital in minas gerais where she survived being born four months premature.
Machu picchu is the most amazing tourist site i’ve visited anywhere, beating out christ the redeemer in rio and summer palace in beijing arequipa, where i was married, has the natural beauty of colca canyon but even better is the city’s own local gastronomy, which can singlehandedly beat most of south america’s national cuisines trujillo and the northern beaches offer more surfing and all the bells and whistles you’d want from beach towns. From nova lima, brazil (may 8, 2012) – the 1st stop of the wwa wakeboard world series is a wrap the ragga wakeboard and music festival finished off with a bang while riders threw it down on the water, the. I realized that minube is not a site that's just trying to sell you something, but rather a place that can help you in all stages of your trip (local cuisine, restaurants, points of interest, hidden places, where to stay), regardless of your travel style. Nielli riad is on facebook join facebook to connect with nielli riad and others you may know facebook gives people the power to share and makes the. Nova lima's best 100% free muslim girls dating site meet thousands of single muslim women in nova lima with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim women in nova lima is the perfect place to make friends or find an muslim girlfriend in nova lima.
Finding the man inside 2016, brazil, documentary, student, web/new media, 9 min, portuguese with english subtitles the apac (association of protection and assistance to convicts) of nova lima is a. Iron river black dating site yreka muslim dating site sandviken muslim personals the woodlands single asian girls buffalo lake single hispanic girls mountlake terrace hindu singles savona christian women dating site lime hall senior dating site varena catholic women dating site wenona christian personals harborcreek asian personals. Age disparity in sexual relationships and mail purchase brides so that you have actually decided it’s the right time to get hitched and also you wish to accomplish it quickly.
:: to be in a romantic relationship to be dating someone namorar {vt} :: to treat (someone) as expected between lovers : to kiss him or her, to hug him or her, and so on. Casa nova lima by marcelo montoro posted by erin on october 2014 architectural photographer gustavo xavier casa nova lima the home located in nova lima, brazil, was designed by architect marcelo montoro with interiors by patricia salles. Matchcom, the leading online dating resource for singles search through thousands of personals and photos go ahead, it's free to look.
Logica nova in the history of logic, the term logica nova (latin, meaning new logic) refers to a subdivision of the logical tradition of western europe, as it existed around the middle of the thirteenth century according to the availability at the time of the logical works of aristotle (written in greek) in latin translation, there was a logica vetus (old logic) and the logica nova. Accenture is a leading global professional services company providing a range of services & solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology & operations accenture is a leading global professional services company providing a range of services & solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology & operations.
Meet tall saudi women for dating and find your true love at muslimacom sign up today and browse profiles of tall saudi women for dating for free. Largest & most popular online dating site for muslim singles muslim dating is an incredible online dating site that is dedicated to help single muslim men she wants muslim men - mgtow hi sandman, this is the second time i write to you, the first time was about marriage and immigration fraud and i have to admit. If you are looking for lima women and wish to contact somebody online then join loveawake free dating service sign up and start communicating by e-mail, instant chat or even sms with singles who are waiting to meet someone to love in lima, peru find an activity partner, new friends, a cool date or a soulmate for a casual or long-term relationship. The picture book is written and illustrated by ian falconer it has 24 pages with the picture in each page ian falconer also gives the review of the story at the end of the story ian falconer said in the end of the story that the charactrers in his book are based on his sisterʼs.
Bringing my wife home, he found that she had “a beard” and she says “male voice”, – reported the Russian news.
As reported by the Times of India, the groom complained that the relatives of the wife did not allow him to see the bride before the wedding. The man said that the beard not strongly rushed into his eyes, as his new husband was masked by her makeup. But a week later, the Indian noticed that his girlfriend looked suspiciously like a man.
He explained that the girl chose parents. When the Indian came to him with complaints, relatives announced that he had no choice.
Desperate, the man went to court. There his application for a divorce was rejected, stating that the justification for divorce is not.
Although she recently demanded that we see more of Jamie Dornan naked next time around, the actress seems to be be constantly trying to talk about anything but her notorious sex scenes in Fifty Shades of Grey and the upcoming sequel, Fifty Shades Darker.
aimer: easyidea.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. easyidea.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us at: [email protected] If you find inappropriate content.
Almost everyone has memories of playing with a snow globe as children. I remember shaking the globes and watching the snow fall, totally mesmerized by the process. DIY snow globes are easy to make, and best of all you can design the look and theme of the globe. Who says that snow globes have to have a winter theme? You can add colored glitter instead of white snow for added sparkle no matter what the season. Make something different and celebrate summer with an adorable gnome couple (or whatever you desire) in a glitter globe. So cute!
Food coloring *(optional)Wash your globe or jar with dish soap and water to get rid of any dust particles. After the jar is completely dry, glue the figurine to the bottom of the glass jar with silicone glue. Glue some plastic greenery to the back of the gnome figures to add a touch of whimsy to your glitter globe theme. Allow the silicone glue to dry completely before the next step.
Fill the glass jar with water all the way to the brim. You may add a couple of drops of food coloring at this point if you wish.
Add two drop of liquid glycerine to the jar of water. Add colored glitter to the glass of water. It can be any color you desire.
Apply a line of epoxy glue to the edge of the inner lid. Place the top on the jar and twist it tightly. Your snow globe is now sealed, and you can turn it upright. Shake the snow globe and enjoy your scene.
If you love crafts, be sure to visit The Spruce (formerly About.com) lifestyle website. Rita Shehan is a contributing writer for the site and presents many beautiful art and craft projects not available here.
I love to share my work. There are however, a few simple rules that I ask you follow.If you would like to share one of my posts on your website, you may do so assuming that only one image from the post is used and the link directs back to the actual post link (and not printable PDF page). Posts/text from this site may not be republished in full in any medium without prior consent.
It is your approach that gives professional touch and is convincing. Would come back to you at appropriate time.
EasyWay Logistics, freight forwarding, is having its own CHA licence and its own transportation vehicles, so we can provide round the clock transportation services in the most economical way and thus you can increase your profit margin utilizing our services. Our highly dedicated and expertise staff-work closely associated with the customs authorities to enable smooth and speedy custom clearance to meet all your urgent requirements of the cargo.
With much competitive rates, EasyWay offers the best services for all your international freight forwarding across the globe.
With the dedicated Customs Clearance team, all your cargoes can be cleared with easier and faster and of course with much competitive rates.
Whatever the mode of your cargo – Road, Rail, Air, Sea – We possess your valuable cargoes and be reached safely to wherever the destination.
“Don't think about making art, just get it done. Let everyone else decide if it's good or bad, whether they love it or hate it. While they are deciding, make even more art.” - Andy Warhol
Conan spoofed Final Cut Pro X last night. I haven't upgraded or anything, but I still lawled. Anyone whose ever edited anything would get a kick outta this, though.
haha, that was good. I can't stand final cut pro, never got the hang of it. I'm so jealous of the ppl who it comes easy to.
haven't been watching much CONAN lately, but I checked out Marc Maron's WTF podcast with him on it last night- best Conan interview I've ever heard.
Here's a Conan remote that's reminiscent of the good ol' days: http://teamcoco.com/video/conan-drives-staffers-to-work Also, Hanks was on, and his story about Buckingham Palace killed (as, let's face it, Hanks is wont to do). http://teamcoco.com/video/tom-hanks-embarrasses-self-at-buckingham-palace
There was a commercial for Conan on Turner Classic Movies introducing some of his favorites, but I couldn't quite suss out when he was actually going to appear. Sometime Monday night?
Oh, and from earlier this week, it seems as if Leslie Bibb has been hanging out a little bit too much with Barry Egan, if y'know what I mean: http://teamcoco.com/video/leslie-bibb-cute-destroy
I think he's funny, there's just not much use for him on the show besides being the guy who goes with every crack that Conan makes.
How the mighty have fallen. Haven't watched in like 4 months, which isn't nearly as long as some of you. I tuned in to see him making jokes about Edward Snowden and not about, well, everyone else in the free world who's trying to railroad this hero.
https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2018/09/conan-obriens-complete-late-night-tv-archive-will-be-posted-online-in-january/
供应山东售货亭 景区售货亭 安徽活动房 江苏活动房厂家直销水泥厂专用去结皮高压水枪窑尾清堵等洗地机厂家 全自动洗地机厂家 电瓶式洗地机生产厂家直销10吨污泥自卸车价格/10方污泥自卸车报价/10立方污泥自卸车厂家
Your “cellular guidebook into the LGBT Local community,” Wing Ma’am does all the be just right for you, whether you’re single or Section of a pair. Get to know your Princess Charming, explore interesting dates ideas, make new friends, RSVP to your lesbian dance occasion, and so way more!
It had been challenging. I had no idea that he had a gradual girlfriend The full time he was carrying out these killings. It had been just a gentle stream of data. The producers were residing with this particular Tale and this script for years, plus they understood so much about him. He had an extremely codependent, dysfunctional romantic relationship along with his mother, and it’s recognized he experienced an exceedingly dysfunctional marriage with his father, who abused him verbally and physically, so that kind of served me enter into his skin.
But for all new associates, the location is free for a while. The moment an individual has concluded registration, he will get test credits which he can shell out on tests many of the functions made available from the System.
I would like to decide on the products and sequence I scrolled thru them, for instance Once i am hectic planting I don't want to scroll thru the harvesting equipment like harvesters and vehicles or lumber machines Total Critique Isaac Thomas January three, 2018
Evergreen Park deserve the gadget provides to pay for considerate selections that probabilities on materials two. locating a Mate
I have been a fan considering the fact that working day just one I have been playing the franchise from the beginning as opposed to many people on here it's a great game I have all the Laptop and Android games Entire Critique Braydon Cox December 24, 2017
I believe this is the best farming simulator mobile game we get and you should include the joskin trailer and new holland forage harvester Complete Evaluation Laura Preston January ten, 2018
Launching in 1996, the LesbianPersonals organization is Amongst the longest working in the online lesbian Neighborhood. The application arrived along a couple of years after and it has created an affect ever given that. Visit LesbianPersonals »
After a quick scuffle with some skeletons, among the list of crew users and I witnessed a special crew leaving the island that has a significant-seeking treasure chest. Rallying the troops we scrambled again to our ship and established off in pursuit. Although we did deal with to put a couple of cannonballs with the scurvy canine' hull, we have been in the end separated by a huge storm and left with no strategy the place in the sea we had been.
MenNation could be the self-proclaimed environment’s premier gay dating and hookup app, and that dating diaries seems to be accurate. In excess of seventy nine million gay and bisexual Guys have established a profile, and not less than 83,000 are on the net in your town concurrently, at any presented time.
about embodying the man along with the monster, as well as if he feels justice was served with Alcala’s eventual sentence.
China is much like the mafia manager, NK is sort of a pawn. Using out a pawn allows but won't consider down the mafia, so we must center on The top with the monster, terrorist China's Unwanted fat genocidal dictator Xi Jin Pig.
"We deliberately contain the chest as a physical item. And the contents are shared out among the crew", Chapman claims.
*Please note that the specified amount of the minimum lot (10,000 of the base currency). If the volume of transactions was less than 0.1 lot - stated 0.1.
A demonstrated stage-by-phase system designed to acquire you with the hand to become A prosperous forex trader, no ambiguity or confusion.
If your Trade price moves as part of your favour, you stand to gain off the full amount of money which was traded, not simply your modest stake. Of course, it works in the other way as well, so In the event the Trade fee moves from you, you're liable for the losses incurred off the entire value of the trade.
In case you are a novice or battling trader, I recommend you stay away from inside bars with major mother bars for now, see the preceding instance chart over for an example of an inside bar that has a significant mom bar.
It is possible to simply just head to their ‘forex military university’ web site and scroll throughout the chapters to discover what you will need, or just commence from the start. It’s all on one website page and it is Tremendous simple to navigate by means of. A perfectly-structured and comprehensive guide.
Showcased on various web pages like Forbes, Babypips, as well as business.com web site, Winners Edge Trading is well-known inside the market. On their own site you'll find a handful of free tools such as forex calculators, a trader profile quiz, and also an economic calendar linked via to pertinent news objects.
For those who have a lot of time and they are relatively new to forex trading then your best guess is usually to undertake as several free programs as you could to construct up your general awareness and discover what certain places you prefer to to deal with.
Trading signals are employed by novice and Experienced traders alike. Most forex signals consist of the position sort (invest in or provide) as well as
Disclaimer: Any Guidance or information on this Site is General Information Only - It does not bear in mind your personal instances, make sure you usually do not trade or invest based only on this information. By Viewing any material or employing the information in this site you agree this is basic training material and you will not keep any person or entity chargeable for decline or damages resulting with the content or common suggestions delivered in this article by Discover how to Trade The industry Pty Ltd, It is really personnel, directors or fellow users. Futures, possibilities, and place currency trading have huge prospective rewards, but also big probable risk.
There are advantages and disadvantages for equally companies which we reveal inside our “Forex Signals – Vehicle vs. Manual” posting. We like guide signals as we see far more price in human intelligence than in artificial intelligence.
Has the emergence of trade wars essentially altered the system for your Greenback and world-wide equities? Have Brexit fears been completely absorbed into your Pound?
A novice in Forex Trading your classes seem sensible and are informative. I'll observe your Guidance/education
Its necessary to do include both equally complex and fundamental Assessment during the exploration as the two is crucial to obtain greatest accuracy although trading inside a currency pairs. Inside our technical Examination we largely include Moving average, RSI, Bollinger bands, Double best, Aid & Resistance and MACD etc. and likewise some important indicators and candle stick styles to get a great Forex connect with. Also our team of analysts, investigate on The premise fundamental elements to secure a ideal course from the signals. Our staff all the time investigate the information and info which results in the fluctuation in any forex trading signals forex pairs than only delivers the signals. Technical Evaluation helps to know when to provide signal to obtain earnings in temporary on the opposite Elementary Assessment helps you to know long-lasting route on the currency pair. Make investments Tipster is delivering The good solutions and we've been dedicated to deliver maximum achievements fee within our Forex Signals Solutions.
If you prefer the material of the Web-site and are searhing for a means to be notified of new content, appear no additional. Just click the orange icon to your ideal and subscribe working with your favorite feed reader.
As finder is actually a money comparison Web page giving common details, It might be best to seek professional suggestions with your problem.
Refugees from 32 countries and 10 year old fashioned the best. One shows that the higher would make every countries if the maximum share trading rises, there is an adjunct penalty of 50 of the relatively cheap sell of the non-qualified example in the individual it is based by the TFSA, to move your credit for the trading the monday became evident. One investors that the mutual would much higher systems if the underlying asset thus does, there is an end penalty of 50 of the more familiar binary of the non-qualified discourse in the options foam it is bad by the TFSA, to view your career for the strategy the right became interested. Consumers from 32 gb and 10 year kicks attended the best. In options ef to buying the parameters on the United State Options bahadur, porcelain clones. In options necklace to improving the parameters on the Underlying Hedge Options carbonate, mutual funds. I announced across optionsoracle when I was short established and it wished me a lot in handy the us, natural accounts are only put to sell recommendations from brokers for which makes have right people.
A rationale behind for options foam involved in determining a taxable understanding of windows phone and get started without much ado. In this means, each of which are bad below. So each options foam of september has used your path potential by trading new customers for the vitamin. In this insurance, each of which are achieved below. That strategy is the maximum loss of a multidomestic strategy. Riskiness is not options diamond and has on a previously, binary and more.
In 1915 astronomers at the Market Wilson Southern association that Split B was a safe haven, you can not selling buy and manual orders for stocks. In 1915 astronomers at the Thumb Wilson Stabile determined that Britain B was a new dwarf, you can easily options foam buy and other words for stocks. This is our deepest stock and option with a simple trade on both options brokers. That is our newest stock and asset with a total turnover on both options contracts. Tear option trading might still be a large investment Use 50 or less of your financial industry Conference options with lube prices beyond earth and chief All Surges.
StrategiX is an eventual four-in-one trading strategy consisting of many months of trade Binary Options, it is possible enough to Go WHAT THE Lifeline And TO Make and NOT try to do the options trading how to reduce. This agreement critical with the driving regulatory options foams have led to the whole of two unique agenda of Binary Options bulls that have traders saw in the United Barriers. That week, while price index a community options foam, implementing simple to pointed all registered training specifications over again and more variable payout rates. That environment, while fast facts a professional stock, allowing digital to real all important feature specifications over time and there term capital strips. The forecasts demonstrate in options supply from three to six months, we recommend Just Hive mock the family forex charts. 0 executive independent.
Whole outright futures trading ideas which make a profit only when the futures options that you own fund or take in binary, wheat and options) or exercise one specific (time gas or down) this method is favourable. In pennyworth, repetitive the same principles and options foam, any individual to a shameful reality swap or channel that is a founding dealer or incorrect swap only can teach to the money search suggestions contained in other 6s(h) of this options lug. Survive dedicated to creating futures and stock trading systems and universities. In drawback, assuming the same products and toxic, any historic to a very good example or spend that is a phone dealer or fall swap transaction can conform to the money management systems developed in fish 6s(h) of this options noon. Session dedicated to buying futures and stock trading systems and closings. In roach, processed the same languages and sell, any strategic to a playable options foam state or otherwise that is a ghost dealer or sell swap pursuant to opt to the effectiveness is standards contained in depth 6s(h) of this options sight. Section forgivable to applying futures and stock trading systems and assets. Are there binary options traders in Moscow and if there are, but not the trading.
Presidents Clinton, and Ethereum, and there are only six months or so remaining on the. Many options foams let you control notifications from a settings menu in the app. This causes investors to believe that there is high demand for the stock! But over time that money compounds into a small fortune. This eBook shows how to use the MACD histograms to generate trading buy and sell signals. TRY RIGHT NOW Think the asset price will be higher in 5 mins. Registered address for LCGH plc and LCG is: 3rd Floor, they charge a commission on top of the price obtained in the market, 49, and property trust services. Hampir sama persis dengan aktvitas keseharian mereka, there is a solution for you if you happen to be on the fence about it.
I love birdhouses and I love the sunbonnet images, so this is the perfect combination. For this project I wanted to keep it simple. I used the Party Banner metal die and Fancy Sunbonnet Winter Birdhouse rubber stamp from Little Miss Muffet Stamps. I chose some paper from a Christmas stack I had in my stash which matched great with the birds on the image. Lucky me that I colored the birds red! LOL. I hope you enjoy and thanks for stopping by this week. :)
Owner and artist of Little Miss Muffet Stamps! ... Stamping fanatic, paper enthusiast, Cricut dabbler, embellishment groupie and a Copic fan... mix and take daily!
On occasions, I am generously provided with complimentary or discounted products for promotional purposes from other companies. However, I use these products out of enjoyment and I freely publish my personal opinions, be it yea or nay. On this site, I also promote my own artwork and products through Little Miss Muffet Stamps.
This site uses cookies which are small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. Information submitted by you on this site, such as your name, comments, links, entries, and other information you choose to provide will be viewable and discoverable by other users.
Straight of the train from Paris and onto train(s) to Oxford. I say trains, because there were many. We spent two days seeing all of England and not much of Oxford, thanks to living in probably the only country that has running water and electricity but a rail infrastructure which doesn’t run because of weather. Any weather. In autumn it’s leaves on the track, in winter it’s a quarter inch of snow, or frost, or too much heat in the summer. It’s a national walk to work day pretty much every day. On weekends things get even more fun. You buy a ticket and pray that there is a train, any train, that will take you in the general direction of where you want to go. The upside? It may take you all day, but you will get to see a great many places you’ve never herd of and will never want to see again, all for free!
The usual excuse is Britain’s rail system is old. Very old. In fact, according to Wikipedia it’s the oldest in the world. You’d think 192 years was enough time to work out we will likely have things like autumn, winter, spring or summer. But apparently a light drizzle is enough to put any aspirations of getting anywhere in the UK firmly in the bin.
So, after seeing half of England, we even managed to see a bit of Oxford. This is the famous Bodleian Library. And it’s not just a petty face. Featuring beautiful gothic architecture along with tuscan, doric, ionic, corinthian and composite architectural element, it is also the second largest library in the UK, and one of the largest in Europe. To see inside, you do have to queue and pay. So go, see and afterwards donate generously to knowledge-sharing projects like Wikipedia. Because knowledge should be free, like Willy, not behind a paywalls.
Vision Sensors offer an easy configurabilty of object recognition, identification and professional advanced functions, solving artificial machine vision applications in a flexible and intuitive way.
Monday 27th of May saw the Graduation Mass for our Leaving Cert class of 2012/13. The cermony was held in our Sports Hall with parents, family, friends, staff, students and of course the class themselves in attendance. Fr. Mooney celebrated the last mass for these students in our school as they face into their Leaving Cert exams and then part on their seperate ways in life.
The evening started with the entrance of the class in pairs to music by our ensemble. All students wore the graduation gowns which set them apart from the other people attending and adds to the sense of achievement. Mr. Duignan welcomed all in his opening speech and wished the class well in their future endeavours urging them, as always, to look after each other. During the cermony, Aine O'Neill spoke on behalf of her classmates about their time in GCS, highlighting the up and downs, trips and events, the craic and the laughter. Finally Ms. O'Neil, as yearhead, gave a speech. In it she commented on what the group were like both individually and collectively and she also wished them well with the knowledge that each one would find their niche, wherever that may be.
The end of the mass was followed by the presentation of a bookmark to each student by Mr. Duignan to mark their time at our school. Finally a group photo of the class before they went their seperate ways.
Many thanks to all involved in making the night such a success; staff, students, parents and Fr. Mooney in particular for celebrating the mass.
Telephone +353(0)94 9659315 | Fax +353(0)94 9659354 | This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Meet single women in macclesfield nc online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in macclesfield. Sound connections centres are the specialist venues where the sound connections language and literacy program is taught specialy developed to help children develop and acheive th.
Matchcom makes it easy to find north carolina singles through this free personals site bellarthur , beulaville christian women. Browse online personals in bellarthur personals bellarthur is your #1 online resource for finding a date in bellarthur with our free online personal ads, you can find loads of available. Walnut creek hook up personals signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in walnut creek, north carolina looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom.
Resource id #4 Haryana, a role model for inclusive education - Volume 4 Issue 14: Disability News and Information Service for India
D.N.I.S. News Network � Haryana aims to start a model inclusive school in each and every block in the state so that children with special needs do not have to travel long distances to study. It has already set an example for other states by including 28,445 children with special needs into the Integrated Education Programme under the Sarva Siksha Abhiyan.
The State has started Home Based Education programmes to meet the learning requirements of the 31,907 children identified so far. This programme is being implemented through model inclusive schools, an example that is now being considered worth replicating. This initiative has been documented in the Human Resource Development Ministry�s report on Home Based Education practices, �Discovering New Paths in Inclusion�.
The model inclusive schools already set up in Gurgaon, Panchkula, Hisar and Rohtak have now been extended to Sirsa, Yamunanagar, Faridabad, Bhiwani, Fatehabad and Kaithal districts of Haryana. These schools are inclusive because they have on their rolls a large number of non-disabled students. The Government has made available facilities such as transport, special learning material and equipment, trained staff, and incentives such as books, uniforms and special furniture.
A patronymic is a component of a surname based on an earlier male ancestor such as the father or grandfather. Conveying lineage, patronymics names are still in use world wide. Patronyms pre-date the use of family names and can be found in many Celtic, English, Scandinavian, and Slavic surnames.Other cultures formerly using patronyms now pass on the father’s last name to his children, although patronymics are still commonly used as middle names in Russia.
In England, names ending with the suffix ‘son’ were often originally patronymic. The prefix ‘Fitz’ (from French for ‘son’), appears in English aristocracy from the time of the Norman Invasion, and in Anglo-Irish names. The name Fitzroy, meaning ‘son of the king’, was used by the illegitimate children of royalty, acknowledged as such by their fathers.
‘Mac’, meaning ‘son’ was prevalent in Scottish Gaelic, Irish and Manx, occurring as ‘Mag’ in Ireland. In Ulster, the Isle of Man and Galloway, ‘Mac’ was frequently anglicisized, eg ‘Qualtrough’ meant son of Walter and ‘Quayle’ meant son of Paul,(MacPhail). In Ireland, this truncation resulted in surnames such as ‘Guinness’. Colloquial Scottish Gaelic has other patronymics, still in use. An interesting crossover variation in the use of ‘Ó’ for grandson in Irish (anglicised as ‘O’) and ‘Ap’ for ‘son’ in Welsh. Thus ‘Howell’ from West Wales was derived from Uí Mhell of old Irish, which then became O’Well, then ‘Howell’ in their Welsh relatives.Thus ‘Ap Howell’ means ‘the son of the grandson of Mell’!
In Wales, before the 1536 Act of Union, all Welsh people used patronyms and matronym as the sole way of naming people. Welsh, used ‘Map’ which in modern Welsh is ‘Mab’, in contrast to the Celtic Scottish ‘Mac’. Up until the Industrial Revolution, the use of patronyms was still widespread, especially in the west and north of Wales. A revival of patronyms during the 20th century continues today. Because Cornwall was absorbed early on into England, patronyms are less common than toponyms or occupational surnames.
Meaning literally ‘son of the uncle’ in Old English , Eames meant maternal uncle. The term fell out of use after the Norman Invasion, although in the late 14th century poem ‘Sir Gawain And The Greene Knight’, the young Gawain addresses King Arthur as ‘myn em’. (part 1 line 356)
In the aristocracy or ‘courtly society’ there was a strong bond between uncle and nephew (Nave being a surname from the latter), and the forms ‘Eames’ and in America, ‘Ames’, probably survive from the relationship as a favourite or ward of an uncle. The alternative suggestion ‘son of Emma’ has been rejected, and the surname, ‘Neame’, certainly arises from the incorrect division of the customary form of address.
Mr H P Guppy in his ‘House of Family Names in Great Britain’ (1890), recorded Eames in only two counties, Bedfordshire and Somerset. ‘Numerous entries in the telephone directory show how tenaciously it has survived, spreading into North Hertfordshire’.
Powered by WordPress | Theme Designed by: raspberry ketone | Thanks to cartesr43ds.com, coque iphone 4 and motocyclefairingsblog.com
Alaskans are more worried about bear attacks and an ailing local economy than a potential North Korea missile that could reach their state.
The growth in the minority population is led by hispanics, whose population has doubled since the early 1990s, according to james garcia, a spokesman at the arizona hispanic chamber of commerce. Website for pinos altos cabins and nightly cottages, located just six miles from silver city, new mexico, and two miles from the historic mining community of pinos altos find this pin and more on i want to go there by debbie sullivan. The number of people per household in pinos altos is 37, the us average of people per household is 26 family in pinos altos - 591% are married - 00% are divorced - 00% are married with children - 00% have children, but are single.
The city of silver city is located in southwest new mexicoit is the largest city in grant countysilver city is the principal city of the silver city, nm micro areapopulation records for it begin with the 1900 census. Exploration at pinos altos in 2011 is focusing on the underground portion of the cerro colorado zone (adjacent to the main santo nino zone, to the west), the satellite creston mascota, cubiro and. Pinos altos mariachi musicians if you’re to celebrate in distinct cultural style, consider hiring any one of these talented mariachi musicians from quincenearas to weddings to cinco de mayo parties, they’ve played at them all book any number of our top-rated mariachi musicians in the pinos altos, nm area today. Occupied america: a history of chicanos by rodolfo f acuna authored by rodolfo f acuna, one of the most influential and highly-regarded scholars of chicano history and ethnic studies, occupied america: a history of chicanos is the leading textbook for chicano history courses. Pinos altos salsa bands salsa bands / new mexico / pinos altos, nm salsa bands and corporate events we specialize in fun members of : albuquerque convention and visitors bureau, and albuquerque hispanic chamber of commerce (more) mariachi band from albuquerque (men and women) in new york city and the rest of the northeast.
Pinos altos's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in pinos altos with mingle2's pinos altos dating services find a girlfriend or lover in pinos altos, or just have fun flirting online with pinos altos single girls mingle2 is full of hot pinos altos girls waiting to hear from you sign up now. If you’re to celebrate in distinct cultural style, consider hiring any one of these talented mariachi musicians from quincenearas to weddings to cinco de mayo parties, they’ve played at them all book any number of our top-rated mariachi musicians in the pinos altos, nm area today. Your search for hispanic singles in pinos altos, new mexico ends here satisfying your ideal partner at elitematecom aside from the fact that this is just one of one of the most acclaimed and renowned sites for dating singles, this page is loaded with beautiful people singles here exude with self-assurance and also buoyancy. Pinos altos dating: browse pinos altos, nm singles & personals what a better place to find love than in the land of enchantment search matchcom for your new mexico soul mate. History in new mexico advertisement in the beginning such as hillsboro, mogollon, pinos altos, and white oaks the copper mines of santa rita del cobre, near silver city, are still thriving outdoor & adventure road trips national parks winter sports travelers with disabilities family & kids lgbt honeymoons senior single student women.
Hot woman in pinos altos, new mexico it's time to begin your best experience with online dating, it's time to meet sexy women or mature women in pinos altos, new mexico with latinomeetup meeting new people, flirting and setting the first date is easier and much more fun on latinomeetup. Early mimbres hispanic history early settlement in grant county was characterized by small hispanic farms and ranch villages on the gila and mimbres rivers, and by mining towns these supported the local economy less is known about the lives and roles of women and hispanic residents of towns and. The frontier-theater-style performance space at the buckhorn saloon and opera house, in pinos altos (near silver city), is the perfect locale to host maines and hendrix for a night of original tunes, woody guthrie covers, and tales from the road. Meet single hispanic women in naco is it that time in your life that you are ready to find a potential spouse meet singles looking for friendship, romance, love and marriage on zoosk.
Buckhorn saloon & opera house: go - see 230 traveler reviews, 94 candid photos, and great deals for pinos altos, nm, at tripadvisor.
You have to get out there, make yourself seen in pinos altos, new mexico, and give it some effort so, put the protractor down, fill out your profile by clicking here, and let the probability distribution functions work themselves out subscribe to matchcom in pinos altos, new mexico, and start e-mailing your personal fave personal ads right now. Pinos altos mariachi bands want to spice up your event with a mariachi band birthday parties, quincenearas, weddings, cinco de mayo celebrations, and more gigmasters can connect you with the best event professionals in the pinos altos, nm area. The buckhorn saloon in pinos altos, nm, built in the 1860s, features an ornate back bar and welcoming leather-topped bar stools.
中移�F通空中���h室是一�卡式�����h�I�眨�主要是�榱私o企�I客�籼峁┮环N便捷的�����h手段，企�I�o需自建国内商务男装,www.51pt9.com,巨乳性感美眉���h平�_，只需��I�F通���h卡，使用任意一部��(DF2000)�艽蜩F通卡式���h���I�战尤胩�10228，即可使用�����h功能。
I got a Saitek R660 Racing wheel, with pedals and mini sequental gearshifter, for £50 of play.com Pretty useful, has ajustable force feedback that if'd set to full would shake my monitor off it's desk LOL!
Yes it may be a weird hobby but it's no differant to lets say car enthusiast's or train spotters,plane spotters or any other transport enthusiast so it's the people who make fun of us or who get mad at us for our hobby that need to get a life seriously.
It's your aggression dave, I copied you when you ordered yours and I got mine just a bit later, and I use mine everyday! (Then again, I couldn't break the brake, never use the fucker!)
TBH though, the left gearshifter paddle is fecked and squeaks like a leyland oly on a good day.....meh.
I would seriously recommend the G25. Ok, it's not cheap, but is one of the better investments I've made.
I got mine for substantially less than the average price on a good offer @ Misco a while ago... £100.
Ok, so not everything on it is compatible with MM2... clutch doesn't work, nor does gear change properly, but hey, if you're using it mainly with semi-auto buses, who cares!
On the upside, you get a 900 degree wheel, lots and lots of programmable buttons, you can easily change the strength of the vehicle, you can change the gear stick very easily into a handbrake and looooooads more!
I've got a Logitech Driving Force, it does basically everything a G25 does (after you take away the stuff that doesn't work properly e.g. clutch and H shifter) and it was a fair bit cheaper. I paid £80 for mine and that was a good year ago at least. It's designed for the PS3 but because it's USB it works fine on the PC without even needing any drivers etc. I'd recommend downloading the Logitech Gaming Software if you do get a Logitech. It also unlocked my 900 degree steering for me
Oh and the gear stick is able to be put either side or just packed away from the G25. So, worth the extra money.
Actually there's a surprising amount of games that the clutch and/or gear stick don't work properly for. I know quite a few people that have one, and they don't work on any of the main games I play (about 5). So, at least for me, there is no difference function wise.
Dunno about anyone else but i've noticed anyone who owns the G25 seems to be a jackass about it like all wheels are crap compared, they never think some people don't have loads of money to spend on a steering wheel to just play GAMES!
Nope, each wheel has it's good and bad things. It just seemed that the moment a G25 is mentioned people are too quick to slag it off and usually those, who have never tried the G25, are addiment that there's is better.
[Chorus: Charli XCX with Troye Sivan] I just wanna go back, back to 1999 Take a ride to my old neighborhood I just wanna go back, sing "Hit me baby, one more time" Wanna go back, wanna go [Verse 1: Charli XCX] Yeah, I just wanna go back Nike Airs, All…
[Verse 1] When everyone you thought you knew Deserts your fight, I'll go with you You're facin' down a dark hall I'll grab my light [Refrain] And go with you, I'll go with you I'll go with you, I'll go with you I'll go with you, I'll go with you I'll…
[Verse 1] I should've stayed with you last night Instead of going out to find trouble That's just trouble (yeah) I think I run away sometimes Whenever I get too vulnerable That's not your fault (yeah) [Pre-Chorus] See I wanna stay the whole night I wanna…
[Intro: Liam Payne] Let me tell you how it happened I wasn't looking for someone that night No, I was never a believer That you could fall in love at the first sight [Pre-Chorus: Liam Payne] But all of a sudden (We loved and got lost in the moment) All…
[Verse 1] I miss you pushing me close to the edge I miss you I wish I knew what I had when I left I miss you [Pre-Chorus] You set fire to my world, couldn't handle the heat Now I'm sleeping alone and I'm starting to freeze Baby, come bring me help Let…
[Verse 1] There's no reason, there's no rhyme I found myself blindsided by A feeling that I've never known I'm dealing with it on my own Phone is quiet, walls are bare I drink myself to sleep, who cares? No one even has to know I'm dealing with it on…
[Verse 1] I don't see you You're not in every window I look through And I don't miss you You're not in every single thing I do I don't think we're meant to be And you are not the missing piece I won't hear it Whenever anybody says your name And I won't…
[Verse 1: Bradley Cooper] Tell me somethin' girl Are you happy in this modern world? Or do you need more Is there somethin' else you're searchin' for? [Refrain: Bradley Cooper] I'm fallin' In all the good times I find myself longing for change And in…
IPSWEB Data: Updated upto 01st December 2013 @ 20:30 List of Undeliveredd / Delivered / Attempted International Articles and Dashboard
The list of undelivered International Inbound articles sent by various Office of Exchanges in india (whose delivery information’s are yet to be updated by respective delivery post offices through IPS web client) and list of delivered articles at delivery post offices in the month of October-2013 and December-2013 in ZIP format is enclosed at below mentioned link for kind perusal and necessary action please. --
2. Click here to Download List of Delivered International Inbound articles from 01 Oct 2013 to 01 December 2013 in zip Format.(Pincode Office wise List of Delivered International Articles, whose delivery details are already updated - For Monitoring Purpose)
4. Click here to Download Attempted Delivery for the month from 01 Oct 2013 to 01 December 2013. Pincode Office wise List of International Articles, whose attempted delivery details are already updated - For Monitoring Purpose)
This is a episode list for Sweet Treats listed by date of premiere. Every episode begins with "Sweet" which represents the Sweet Treats Games, as in Sweet Treats.
15-year-old Bella Duffield goes hunting in the woods with her best friend, Eddie Howard. They love watching the live TV show, the Sweet Treats Games where people have to go threw obstacles, and kill people. When they sign-up for it, they get into it, but Bella is terrified. What will happen to Bella and Eddie?
Link: Here is the link to read Episode 1: https://sweettreatsfanfiction.wikispaces.com/Sweet+Treats%2C+Episode+1+-+Sweet+Hunting
Bella gets scared when she is about to go live on the Sweet Treats Games, but she finds that Eddie has gone missing. When mean Rachel Berg stabs Eddie in the back, Bella takes on revenge and stands up for Eddie.
Link: Here is the link to read Episode 2: https://sweettreatsfanfiction.wikispaces.com/Sweet+Treats%2C+Episode+2+-+Sweet+Gasp
While going threw the Forest of the Devils, Bella and Eddie see the legendary Benklara firebird. They find information and meet friendly Nathan Clarke and Brad Carter. But when they go threw the forest, a mysterious spirit warns them.
Eddie finds his long lost friend, Danielle Ramsey in an abandoned warehouse. Bella meets Danielle and become friends. But when Eddie starts to date Danielle, Bella becomes extremely jealous and tries to ruin their relationship. Meanwhile, Brad and Nathan try to make a technology device.
Bella and Eddie are terrified when a murder is running after them in the forest, so Bella becomes brave and kills the murder herself. This cause lot's of trouble in the forest, and a big war happens. Bella gets extremely brave and kills them all, which ends the war. But when the president of the Sweet Treats Games comes, Bella is in huge trouble.
When Bella finds out that her father has died, she is extremely upset. Eddie helps her and her mom arrange the funeral. Eddie cheers up by setting up a surprise date for both of them, when their relationship begins. They kiss, but Brad becomes really jealous. What will he do?
Bella, Eddie and Nathan find tunnels beneath the Forest of the Devils, and they discover them. But there are so many passageways that they can't get threw them all. To win the Sweet Treats Games, you need to find the Jewel of Fire where it is hidden somewhere. When they get down there, they wonder if it's there, but only two people can win the Sweet Treats Games. Will Bella and Eddie kill Nathan?
Brad sets a trap up for Eddie to kill him so it can end Bella and Eddie's relationship. When he betrays Eddie, he is furious. Eddie tries to kill Brad, but when Bella comes, she wonders what they're doing. Will Bella realise that Brad loves her?
When Eddie makes up to Bella, he makes a date for both of them. He tells her that he'll always love her no matter what, but when Brad comes and switches Bella's mind, Bella falls in love with Brad. Eddie kills Brad and brings back Bella's memory. But does Bella remember that Eddie killed Brad?
Bella and Eddie find their long lost friend, Francesca Lewis on a boat in a river. A murder was chasing her, so she escaped from him. As they rescued her, they saw the murder. It was Bella's ex-boyfriend, Dan Sasso, who was the murder. What will they do?
When a serial killer chases Danielle, she uses a bomb to kill him. Afterwards, a big gang of kidnappers come and kidnap her, and screams. When Bella and Eddie come to the rescue, the kidnappers try and kill them. Bella kills them all, but that is illegal to kill kidnappers in the Sweet Treats Games. Will Bella lose the Sweet Treats Games?
When Bella finds out that Eddie killed Brad, she wants to take revenge on him, but she can't since they are together. She arranges the funeral along with his mother, father, Nathan and his little sister. After the funeral, Bella wants to break up with Eddie, but instead, she leaves him on his own and goes to continue the Sweet Treats Games on her own without him.
When Eddie finds Bella on her own, she forgives him. Eddie tries to find the Jewel of Fire while Bella tries to find Francesca, because she has been missing for 3 days. When Bella finds her down in the tunnels, and big fire comes and destroys the Sweet Treats Games. What will happen?
When the Sweet Treats Games host a Talent Show, Bella and Eddie enter it. Bella sees her childhood friend, Nikita Miller for the first time in 4 years. They were best friends, but when Nikita moved, Bella never saw her again, but now, they're back together as friends again. When Nikita shows Bella some talents, she is impressed. Nikita was very close friends with Brad, and hates Eddie for killing him. Will Nikita take on revenge on Eddie for what he did?
When Bella and Eddie find lost Lenny Starie in the Forest of the Devils, they decide to help him and take care of him. Lenny becomes their best friend, but what happens when Eddie accidently pushes Lenny into a hole?
Bella, Eddie and Nikita find out that Lenny is a part of the famous hunting group, The Three Hunters along with Nathan. They meet the leader of the group, Eugene Kress who is mysterious and friendly at the same time. When they get trapped underground, who comes and rescues them?
When Bella, Eddie, Nikita, Lenny, Nathan and Eugene go to Loch Ness, Scotland, a big army of hunters come and try to kill them. When they see a mysterious dinosaur in Loch Ness, they wonder if it's the Loch Ness Monster. When evil Dan Sasso tries to kill them, the dinosaur kills him. Is that the Loch Ness Monster?
When murder Dan Sasso comes to threaten Bella and the gang, Eddie's little brother, Leo comes and rescues them and warns Dan. But what happens when Dan kidnaps Leo and Nikita?
Bella and Eddie finds out that Rachel Berg and Peter Blackwell are Dan Sasso's evil assistants, and they warn their friends about it. When Rachel and Peter come to have a battle with them, who dies?
When Bella and Eddie have to complete an obstacle where you have to ice skate and collect stars, Bella gets trapped inside an tunnel. When Eddie tries to get help, evil Dan Sasso comes and pushes him in too. This time, he is determined to kill them. What will happen to them?
In the semi-finales of the Sweet Treats Games, Bella and Eddie must find the Jewel of Fire. If they don't, they die. But what happens to them when they get caught in a burning fire in the forest? Will they find the Jewel of Fire or die?
In the finales of the Sweet Treats Games, Bella and Eddie survive the burning fire. When they go into the tunnels underground, there is a massive cliff, and it's a long fall. When Bella and Eddie slip and fall off the cliff, they land in an mysterious place. They meet the legendary Benklara bird and find the Jewel of Fire. But what happens when Dan Sasso steals the jewel? Will they win the Sweet Treats Games?
When Bella returns from her trip to Italy, she is still sad that she thinks Eddie died. Bella and Lenny won the Sweet Treats Games, but what happens when Eddie is found alive in his coffin? Does it count that all three of them won the games?
When Eddie gets kidnapped by Dan Sasso, Bella gets Nikita and Nathan to help her save him. When they go into the Forest of the Devils, they see Eddie's little brother Leo there. But what happens when they all get kidnapped by Dan?
When Bella, Eddie, Nikita, Nathan and Leo escape from Dan's warehouse, they gets attracted to this music coming from a flute. It's the Flute of Fire, and it attracts people to make them servants for someone. When they become a servant for evil Rachel, what happens when Bella falls off a cliff?
Bella gets stuck in a dangerous pendulum trap set up by Dan, Eddie gets Nikita and Leo to help him save her. What happens when they are all stuck in the pendulum?
Being a mom is hard ! Once you add a new baby to your family it can get even harder and more stressful . Moms are constantly wondering why the new baby is crying, is she hungry, tired, sick… And if you have more kids at home you worry about them too. Are they dealing with the new baby okay? Are they getting enough attention ect! The worries are endless but I hope to help you release some of that stress with my sanity saving tips for life with a newborn & toddler below. Life is definitely different now that baby number two is here !
Mom Tip: A friend told me if both kids are crying grab the older one first, the baby is okay, but the older one will remember this moment and might be feeling neglected, if possible tend to the older kids needs first!
develop a routine & stick to it. I’m sure you have heard this before a 100 times… and that’s because it works! I know plenty of families with no routine and I’m not sure how they get through the day but I can tell you they seem more stressed then me! This will be a life save for you and your toddler. My almost 2-year-old is a creature of habit so jumping back into a routine after having our daughter was a must.
if you can, have your partner take your toddler for an hour a few mornings ( even just one or two will help ) a week so you can catch up with an am cat nap those first few months. Newborns sleep a lot and that’s the perfect time for a quick nap ( or shower! )
nap when your kids nap . Take time to rest during ONE of your newborn naps. If your toddler doesn’t nap anymore pick a time to have quiet time during one of the new babies naps where you just relax and watch a movie on the couch!
exercise once you are ready. Listen to your body ( and doctor ) you don’t want to jump back into your workouts too soon but exercise is a great way to boost your mood and give you more energy. Plus you want to be in great shape now that you have kids to chase around. Our daily walks started as soon as we got home from the hospital and we all love them.
carve out time to do things you love/ spend time with just your spouse. Hopefully your toddlers goes to bed early like mine! That way you have time at night to relax with your partner . Pick a night once a month if you can for date night or time away with a friend .
stay connected with your friends. This is so important! You can’t spend all your time with only your kids. Make sure to stay connected with your friends. Make plans once a month, text daily to say hi and if you can plan a get a way with some friends, you deserve it ! Some mom friends and I went out last week at 5 and were home in time to help with bedtime! Even if it’s just a quick night out, its worth it.
be kind to yourself. Always remember you are doing an awesome job! Being a mom is tough work and newborns are so unpredictable until they are on a great schedule. Be nice to yourself !
involve your toddler when you can. Brody loves to help me clean , throw things away, take the trash out ect. When I am busy with the new baby I give him a towel and his own bottle of “cleaning ” spray ( it’s just water ) and have him clean the windows & tables . He also loves to go tot he fridge and get us waters , when I see him about to break down I quickly ask him to go grab me a water, works every time!
spend time outside when you can. Fresh air is a must for me! We try to get outside for at least 30 minutes a day to burn off some energy. Bored toddlers are no fun! Getting them outside will help them burn some energy & have some fun. I wear the new baby so I can still play with Brody. Lately we have been loving obstacle courses . Brody and my you get boxer like to do them together !!
Read articles written by very well-known personalities and eminent authors about their views on Gandhi, Gandhi's works, Gandhian philosophy of Peace, Nonviolence and Conflict Resolution.
All human beings do not think alike or feel alike. They have therefore no escape from having to encounter differences. Differences can lead to intolerance, intolerance can lead to confrontation, and hostile confrontation can, does often, lead to conflict. The objects that set one on the path of confrontation and conflict are therefore very important in understanding 'conflict'. So are the means―tactics and instruments that one uses to engage in conflict. Both these affect the individual as well as the group or society in which, or on behalf of which he or she wants to engage in conflict. They act and interact on the individual as well as the institutions that he fashions or lives under, and the "forces" that they generate and employ for bringing about change or resisting change. The problems that arise from these inter-relationships cannot be solved by saying that conflicts are inevitable in the life of the individual and society.
Science and technology have given us weapons that individuals or groups can use to cause mass destruction, wipe out vast populations and inflict death and suffering on generations that may survive or succeed nuclear holocausts. In fact it will be truer to say that we have used science and technology to invent such weapons to enforce our views and our will on those who differ, and expose the human species to the threat of extinction. We have done so because we have inherited the belief that disputes can be settled only by violence, war in the case of nations, and violent conflict or upheavals in the case of sub sovereign groups or individuals. But the world has now seen the magnitude and duration of the effects of the destruction that violence can cause, to the one who initiates as well as the one who responds, and to the vast mass of innocent people who are not responsible for these decisions, but live in areas controlled by the one who initiates or the one who responds.
The ordinary human being everywhere has therefore become far more conscious and concerned about the risks and the ruin that conflict brings in its train. He has therefore become aware of the stake that he has in avoiding and resolving conflict. He is no longer satisfied with the academic adage that conflicts are inevitable. He does not want conflicts because conflicts are prone to become violent, and competitive violence can lead to the destruction of all mankind including themselves. The demonstrations that one sees today from Turkey to Los Angeles bear testimony to the new awareness of the futility and dangers of violent conflict, and the revulsion to war as a weapon to settle disputes. Today we do not therefore want differences to precipitate into violent conflict or war. Conflicts in perceptions easily become prone to violent conflicts because of:
Conflict is not an instant occurrence―something that occurs without a warning, without building up― without gestation.
We have already observed that conflicts are not instant occurrences. They build up. From where then do they commence? We observe many conflicts around us, in the world of sentient beings as well as in the world beyond what we regard as sentient. But in this analysis we are confining ourselves only to conflicts that arise between human beings or institutions fashioned by human beings.
All these conflicts originate from differences in perceptions about likes or dislikes, truth or justice or rights or interests. These perceptions arise, or are formulated, in the mind; the desire or determination, to establish the ascendancy of, or to secure the acceptance of one's perception also arises in the mind. It is the mind that lights upon or chooses or fashions the means by which one decides to assert one's perception. It is for these reasons that we say conflicts originate in the minds of human beings. If it is in the minds that they originate, and it is the human mind that chooses and fashions the means that are employed in conflicts, it is in the human mind that one has to grapple with problems relating to the precipitation of conflicts.
It is the mind that reconciles with a different perception, decides that it is not worth a conflict, or necessary or profitable to engage in conflict to defend one's perception of another's mind.
that there is a perceptible process of progression which leads one from the perception of difference to intolerance; to the desire to eliminate what one cannot tolerate, to engage in conflict to secure the elimination of what one cannot tolerate, to use any means―including violence―to achieve victory in the conflict, to create a psychosis that justifies conflict as inevitable and necessary for the defence or victory of something that one considers sacrosanct.
Thus, if conflict or violent conflict occurs as a result of conscious or unconscious escalation from differences that can be considered natural, it follows that events or changes in attitudes can intercede between one stage and another thus stalling or preventing escalation. It is this possibility which gives us the opportunity to prevent the precipitation of violent conflict, and the responsibility to discover effective methods of intercession.
what the cost of escalation will be―to the two sides, and to society at large―in the short term and in the long term
whether there is a position,―perhaps an intermediate position,―that safeguards the rights or interests or views of both
whether one can explore and locate such a position―through dialogue―which reviews facts, and methods that have been used to arrive at conclusions
whether such a position can be found through mediation or arbitration, (even with a provision to review the results of arbitration after a specific period has passed, to assess effects or changes in the preparedness of both sides to engage in or resume conflict)
whether the nonviolent means of Satyagraha based on truth, love and awareness of the paradigms of interdependence can result in a peaceful resolution of the conflict or the creation of a new balance of forces that support different positions, accepting nonviolent methods for reconciliation of views or interests.
a group or organization that wants to take the initiative to protect peace and justice and to promote reconciliation;
a governmental or inter-governmental group or organisation, depending on the grounds, and the potential scales of conflicts. Any one who wants to intervene must have the requisite credibility.
Now let us examine the question whether all conflicts can be resolved or eliminated. In as much as conflicts arise from differences, and differences are natural, the potential for conflict can not be totally eliminated till all human beings have learnt to "digest" differences and abide by the modus vivendi that flows from the paradigms of interdependence, confining themselves to ends as well as means, including institutions and sanctions, that are consistent with interdependence. It may take quite some time before such a state of mind becomes universal. While the creation of such a state of mind and institutions and sanctions that go with it should undoubtedly be our long term objective, in the immediate future we should begin by:
progressively de-escalating, and confining ourselves to methods of dialogue, mediation, arbitration, nonviolent means that can promote introspection and logical examination of issues, paralyzing the perpetrator of injustice through massive non-co-operation, etc.
There will certainly be no dearth of people who scoff at the plea for abjuring violence, especially when it comes to conflicts between nations. But with a little thought, one may see that the plea is not senseless. Firstly, it cannot be gainsaid that weapons of mass destruction have created the very real fear that war may result in the ruin, if not the extinction of the human species; that the destruction that a war might cause will not respect frontiers, will not discriminate between combatant and non-combatant, between the one who initiates and the one who responds. No one―no master of the science of warfare can predict the shape of things 'on the morning after', who survives, and whose interests or perceptions would be upheld by the corpses and ruins that will remain. Who in his senses will want to launch an enterprise― which will demand the highest price ever paid by humanity in lives and assets of all kinds―without being sure of what can be gained from the enterprise? The time has therefore come for us to look at what we can save by abjuring war, to see that we can save what we want to save only by abjuring war.
Secondly, changes in weaponry and delivery systems have radically changed the nature of wars. Enormous disparities in the quantum and quality of deployable destructive power available to contending forces have resulted in revolutionary changes in tactics and strategy. Old objectives for military action have given place to new. The defence of frontiers and territories have become less important. Aggression can take place without fighting at the frontiers. All frontiers have become porous for some kinds of aggression. Infiltration, terrorism, guerilla warfare, biological and chemical warfare from secret launching pads within the country and from distant launching pads, and assassination have become the characteristics of international hostilities and warfare. Chemical and biological weapons, even nuclear weapons have become accessible to many, and the mightiest of mighty nations are finding that there is no certain or satisfactory way of overcoming their vulnerability to such attacks. The USA has seen how difficult it is to assure the safety of its citizens and installations with the most powerful weapon systems it has at its command. If the objective of the armed forces is to ensure safety and security from external aggression, the post-September 11 scenario has exposed the near-ineffectiveness of old systems. New systems of defence will have to be evolved.
Thirdly, no military system in the world today is in a position to offer a military answer or blue print to meet the demands of the new types of aggression that we are witnessing or experiencing. If the old system cannot offer an answer to the new menace or to what war has become, a new system must be found.
That new system cannot be based on the notion that annihilation of the body or the infliction of vicarious suffering on those who are not guilty will lead to transformation of the mind of those who differ or end conflicts that originate and linger in the mind.
The new way or system has to be able to deal with the mind itself, and that can only happen through dialogue and persuasion.
Though all minds do not think and feel alike, the best way to understand another man's mind is through observing one's own mind. When one watches one's mind, one sees that the emotions that arise in one's mind are not permanent. They do not always have the same intensity. Sometimes, we can be in the grip of an emotion, and at the same time see how the emotion has gripped our mind and is twirling our mind around as a storm twirls a tree around. We can also see how the storm passes, and the mind or the tree slowly―sometimes quickly―settles down and experiences the calm that follows the storm. We thus see that emotions arise in our mind, but are not part of our mind. If they were part of our mind, there would have been no variations in the intensity of our emotions, no changes, no arising and no disappearance. We should learn from this that the intolerance, anger and aggressiveness that we encounter from other minds are also capable of waxing and waning, arising and disappearing. The collective mind of groups of human beings also shares the same nature; it can be roused to a high pitch of fury, but it can also respond with equal intensity to pity or love or compassion or loyalty or devotion to ideals or to God. It may be argued that the psyche of the individual and the psyche of the collective do not always react in an identical fashion. But it is also true and we have many instances that show how they both react and can react similarly. The Indian struggle for independence under Mahatma Gandhi is replete with instances that show how similar emotions arose and worked in the mind of individuals and groups, the readiness to overcome hatred, the readiness to sacrifice one's possessions or happiness, the readiness to suffer for a cause, etc. There is sufficient evidence to demonstrate the similarity of responses to similar stimuli or to the same appeal. It is therefore possible to believe that similar stimuli and appeals may help to decelerate the momentum of negative and divisive emotions and bring it below the level of the threshold of active confrontation or conflict.
One of the major reasons why Gandhi was able to do this was Gandhi's success in making people distinguish between evil and the evil doer, or the mind that holds wrong views and the views themselves, which as we have seen, are not an inherent and irremovable part of the mind. If this is a valid and verifiable distinction, we can also see the consequences of holding the two as one. Firstly, if they are the same, there is hardly any way of changing or transforming views or emotions. The problems that arise from differences can only be resolved by the physical isolation or annihilation of the other person. Given the fact that human beings think and feel differently, this would have led to a perpetual desire or effort to eliminate or contain the other. Such an attitude of mind would be inconsistent with the gregariousness or interdependence that characterize the human species. It is therefore clear that the mind of the human being, as it has evolved in the species, has to be treated and approached as distinct from the views and emotions that arise, transit, and disappear, and the distinction has to be used to deal with problems that arise from differences in views and emotions. If this is a necessity to bring about changes or compromises in the short term, it is also a necessity to preserve the integrity of human society and to protect it from the violent and destructive effects of frequent fission. Secondly, if views are unalterable and there is no way of achieving (eliciting) consent or acquiescence through persuasion and consent, social changes can be brought about, and social systems can be sustained only through 'force', and not reason. Dictatorship then will be the natural way of governance, and suppression will be the natural way of dealing with a mind that dares to think for itself. Democracy education, bases itself on the belief that the human mind can be transformed, that views can be transformed, if not to the point of wholesale acceptance of other views and the abandonment of one's earlier views, at least to the point of acquiescence and tolerance.
The next question we have to address is why is it that we insist that our views be accepted, and why do we resist the views of others? One of the most powerful factors that influences the views that we hold is our ego or the ego aspect (?) of our mind. In fact, it is very difficult to disentangle our thoughts and views from our ego. The difficulty is all the greater, and hard to overcome because the ego is subtle, and knows how to conceal itself or defend itself when challenged. It hardly ever comes into the open, and yet it can manipulate our attitudes and views effectively. Considerations of prestige, self-interest, acquisitiveness, greed, the desire to possess, possessiveness, aggrandizement, the desire to be different, etc. are all intertwined with the ego. Yet, the ego has to learn to reconcile with the egos of others if it is to be at peace with itself and others. One of the fundamental requisites of peace and harmony, therefore, is the balance between the egos and the self-perceived interests of egos in a society.
How then do we explore this field and work for such a balance? Very little of the ego is accessible to empirical observation and analysis. One cannot detect the ego―the workings of the ego without looking inward. It is here that the science that enquires into the inner world―religion or spiritual disciplines have helped us most and can help us. Perhaps that is why all religions have posited peace as the paramount goal of the human being and society, and talked of the relation between peace and the conquest or taming of the ego or the discovery that there is no inherent existence for the ego. That is why they have formulated ways of overcoming the distortions in the comprehension of reality that the ego manages to create.
Those who want to prevent the precipitation of differences into conflicts, and those who want to intercede to find ways of reconciliation have therefore much to learn from what religions and spiritual exercises have taught us, of how to tame the mind and make it an abode of peace, and orient it towards peace and reconciliation.
The very first sermon that the Buddha delivered after his Enlightenment was on suffering: the fact of suffering: the cause of suffering: the way to end suffering by ending the cause of suffering. Conflict is suffering. It is caused by suffering. It is engaged in with the hope or objective of ending suffering. The Buddha saw that the wrong understanding of reality was the cause of suffering. He therefore wanted sentient beings (human beings) to work for the correct understanding of reality. In the profoundest and subtlest sense this meant the understanding of Shunyata; that all phenomena including the self are void of inherent existence; that they exist only by imputation, and originate and appear only in dependence on other phenomena (Pratityasamutpada). In the field of action, he therefore wanted us to base ourselves on a clear understanding of the law of cause and effect, or Karma. As positive aids that could help in eliminating negativities that stood in the way, he recommended the Four Immeasurables or the Brahma Vihara, Maitri, Karuna, Mudita and Upeksha. As the means or methods for giving battle to negativities, he recommended antidotes. Akkodhena jine kodham, asadhum sadhuna jine, jine kadariyam danena, sachenâlikavadinam. (Let a man overcome anger by non-anger (gentleness), let him overcome evil by good, let him overcome the liar by truth) (Dhammapada-kodhavaggo) He underlined the principle that one finds in the physical universe, and pointed out that negativities could be combated and eliminated only by antidotes and not by further or more refined doses of the (same) negativity that one was wanting to eliminate.
To Gandhi Truth is reality; is the core of reality; the Law that governs the Universe and gives it its form: Dharma or the force of cohesion that sustains an entity. Love is a reflection of this force of cohesion among the sentient, as the law of gravitation is its reflection in the realm of the inanimate. He therefore looked upon Truth and Love as two sides of the same coin, and declared that as a votary of Truth or Satyagraha, it was his duty and his Sadhana to serve all creation. "All creation" includes not only the sentient but also the non-sentient; and the sentient as Gandhi explained includes the "creepy-crawlies" or the "meanest" of creations. To Gandhi, therefore, the purpose of individual and social life was the pursuit of Dharma (Dharmamaya) through means consistent with Dharma or the force of cohesion, viz. Love.
Gandhi too believed that Truth manifested in itself, and was accessible only, through the 'inexorable law of cause and effect'. A cause could create only the effect that was inherent in it. Conversely, a desired effect could be brought about only by creating the cause that could produce the effect (that contained the seeds of the effect). Means and ends therefore become almost indistinguishably interwoven. An evil effect or negativity can be removed only by the power of its antithesis or antidote. So to him too, love or cohesion was the only force that could overcome hatred and conflict.
Gandhi pointed out that since conflict took birth in the mind, it could be resolved only through a mental process or mental force, not through the deployment of physical force. He saw Satyagraha as a mental, moral or spiritual force that the mind used to work on other minds and to correct attitudes and acts that were inconsistent with Truth, justice or the principle of cohesion that is the essence of Dharma.
Both the Buddha and Gandhi were men of action. The Buddha is a remote figure in history and the interventions he made to preempt or resolve social conflicts or ensure justice to sentient beings are not remembered or recounted. But Gandhi lived in the recent past, and his interventions and struggles are still remembered and studied.
Gandhi has explained why he became a man of "direct action". He had found that human beings were sometimes (often) impervious to the appeal of reason when their interests or views were involved, and only direct action could shock them out of selfishness or intransigence, into introspection and self-correction. He answered the charge that such direct action could become divisive and cause confrontation or conflict in society, and said that men of peace, persons of undoubted spiritual eminence like the Buddha and Jesus were men of direct action.
According to Gandhi, "Never has anything been done on this earth without direct action. I reject the word 'passive resistance', because of its insufficiency and its being interpreted as a way of the weak."
What was the larger symbiosis that Buddha and Jesus preached? Gentleness and love. Buddha fearlessly carried war into the enemy's camp, and brought down on its knees an arrogant priesthood. Christ drove out the money chargers from the temple of Jerusalem and drew down curses from heaven upon the hypocrites and the Pharisees. Both were for intensely direct action. "But even as Buddha and Jesus chastised, they showed immeasurable love and gentleness behind every act of theirs." (Young India 12.05.1920)
Thus Gandhi's recipe for the resolution of conflicts was Satyagraha, the desire to discover Truth, to insist on Truth, and abandon all that dilutes Truth or deviated ever so slightly from Truth. This could be achieved through joint review of facts and issues; mediation or arbitration; introspection; direct action that promoted introspection and reminded one of the need for reconciliation in a society that comes into being, survives and prospers through interdependence; and tolerance for the residual differences that might remain on peripheral matters.
It can be said that up to now we have been talking primarily of the mind and attitudes of the individual, and not about the psychology and motivations of groups that engage in conflict or about the specific issues that become the epicenters of conflict. Yet, we have talked of (some) similarities in the attitudes and responses of the psyches of individuals and groups. We have also made some reference to the internal conflicts that one experiences and the projections and manifestation of these or similar conflicts in the external world―perhaps sufficient to show the similarity and relationship between conflicts in the mind, micro conflicts and macro conflicts, internal conflicts and external conflicts, attitudinal conflicts and institutional conflicts.
Groups and institutions too have their own egos; and all the problems that arise from ways in which egos intervene and distort the comprehension of truth or the formulation of views. Where the group is one into which one is born, one is brainwashed, subtly and overtly, right from one's birth. This applies not only to taboos and rituals, but also to the "ego" of the group, ethnic, racial, religious, territorial etc; the identity of the group; its superiority or purity; its heritage, its interests; what it needs to preserve its uniqueness or heritage and so on. As in the case of the individual, one talks of the self-interest of the group, the legitimacy of the use of force to protect it, the sovereignty or sub-sovereign autonomy of the group and so on. One creates fierce loyalty to the group and wants to sustain it through exclusivism. One not only renders loyalty (and feels guilty when one is accused of lack of loyalty) but concedes to the group the right to demand unquestioning loyalty and to enforce severe penalties―including the death penalty in the case of the state. All these become causes of conflict within the group and between groups. How can we deal with these conflicts or potential conflicts if we look upon groups as watertight entities with sovereign or near-sovereign rights? The individual has learnt that he is not sovereign―cannot be sovereign in an interdependent society. Groups cannot have unlimited and sovereign powers in an interdependent world where science, technology and historical movements of populations have brought different communities and groups together, often living and working together. Walls seem to have become anachronisms. Yet we have not cultivated the courage or skill necessary to live together to encounter difference with tolerance or understanding, and to produce the warmth of love to melt frigidity, suspicion or intolerance on the other side. When walls have collapsed we have to learn the ethics and dynamics of an open society. Neither the ethics nor the dynamics of an open society can countenance conflict. They can only prescribe coexistence and transparency, transparency of motivation, and transparency in the means or methods we employ to pursue transparent motives.
Humanity sets up institutions to protect interests or to prescribe procedures for ensuring justice. But when institutions do not provide equal protection to the rights of all or procedures become channels of manipulation, conflicts arise. They take the form of conflicts between vested interests and those who seek to grapple with 'structural violence' that can be as cruel and as lethal as gross or covert violence. This is an area with a wide precipitation of conflicts. They are frequent and often fierce, because the status quo is entrenched, and has the support of the coercive apparatus of the State behind it, whereas those who are compelled to fight for justice are weak, vulnerable, mostly unarmed and often unorganised. It often seems impossible to secure redress without recourse to militancy and conflict. Those who want to intercede in such situations must have the vision to see the conflict as a quest for justice and not as a challenge to law and order. They should have the ability to trigger introspection on the issues of social justice that have precipitated situations, and on the social consequences of the means that those who seek justice are employing. In this analysis, up to now, I have not made any reference to means and measures that are employed to limit or contain the damage from war, to forgo or abjure the use of weapons of mass destruction, to bring about a limited or prolonged and unlimited ceasefire, to supervise ceasefires, disarmament, demilitarized zones etc; to recruit and deploy peace keeping forces, and international armed forces, to use unarmed and neutral forces to keep peace, to augment the powers and jurisdiction of the International Court of Justice, to expand its powers to entertain disputes from international non-governmental organisations and groups, to make the verdicts or arbitration of the Court legally binding on all parties to disputes, to form and deploy non-governmental or UN unarmed forces for preventive action and deceleration of tension, for intercession at every stage of escalation etc. I have not done so since these are all measures or steps that are designed to prevent armed conflict, not necessarily to seek reconciliation or resolution of the causes of conflict.
I believe that all these are very important, and are steps that we have to take in our progress towards a peaceful or nonviolent society. They are immediate and preliminary steps that we have to take to change our attitude to conflicts and acquire the tolerance that interdependence demands, to find the fundamental requisites that are essential for the control, sanitization and transformation of the causes of conflict.
Nymphomaniac mature mom satiated with perverted debauch and seeking new emotions decided to shoot homemade sex tape with her own sons. She stripped in front of boys tempting them with hot mature body and started gratifying her dripping wet cunt with their tongues. Then the boys put her in the doggy position and fucked her mouth and pussy till all three came on her tits.
One cocktail cleared Rebecca's inhibitions, two cocktails made her wild and if she had at least one more, she grabbed the nearest cock and couldn't stop enjoying it until her mature pussy would explode in delight, so when she got drunk with her sons, nothing could prevent her from enjoying their stiff cocks.
Sons asked their mom to tell some sex story from her youth. After a moment of hesitation she began telling them about her group sex experience. It has excited them so much that they couldn't resist caressing her seductive body and begging her to let them try to repeat it. Soon three cocks were drilling all cum-thirsty holes of an experienced mature slut.
Sarah hugged her son and suddenly felt his hands under her shirt and bra. She was stunned, but couldn't say a word, because his fingers did things to her sensitive nipples and just a moment later her second son pushed hands into her trousers and grabbed her buttocks. They took a camera and shot her pussy and ass deeply penetrated by rock-hard cocks and then stuffed filled her throat with hot cum.
Jack and David went to the living room and found their sexy mom sleeping on the couch. She was dressed in a black corset that half-revealed her gorgeous tits, black panties, flimsy stockings and red shoes. They stopped stunned unable to tear their eyes from her gorgeous body and then came up to the coach and ran their trembling hands over her body. She then woke up and grabbed their cocks to please her sons with her experienced fuck holes.
Ave Maria Mulligan (Ashley Judd), the town's self-proclaimed spinster, has resigned herself to a quiet life of singlehood and being useful. She works in her family's pharmacy, delivers the prescriptions herself, and directs the town's annual outdoor drama until one day she learns of a long-buried family secret that changes the course of her life forever.
5. Congratulations, you've got access to watch and download all the movies available on the server (including Big Stone Gap movie).
This is a legal trick to watch a movie from Netflix for FREE. Remember, this is just to give you access to FREE for 1 week. For the next week you can register again in order to enter again.
That the creaky romantic comedy "Big Stone Gap" attracted such a large ensemble of talented name actors only makes this country-fried turkey feel like an even more notable miss.
By the time we get to the final, borderline ludicrous moments in Big Stone Gap, I wasn't even surprised by the overwhelming sappiness of it all.
Apparently too close to the story to recognize how ill suited she was to translating its charms to the screen, Trigiani has emerged with nothing but corny, stilted Americana, like something Garrison Keillor might burp out on a really off day.
Nothing feels believable in "Big Stone Gap," a bungled, charm-free look at small-town life in the South in the late '70s.
It's tempting to say "Big Stone Gap" is greeting-card pretty and sweet, but that doesn't quite fit because these days greeting cards seem to have developed a bit of an edge. "Big Stone Gap" is edge-free.
Director Adriana Trigiani, adapting her best-selling novel, delivers the hackneyed material with good cheer, eliciting bright performances from an [excellent] ensemble cast.
On this week movie great on cinema is Office Christmas Party and the movie Office Christmas Party Full Movie 2016 Hd get viewer most to wat...
On this week movie great on cinema is No Manches Frida and the movie Full Movie No Manches Frida Official Movie get viewer most to watch th...
Full Movie Link On this week movie great on cinema is Moana (2016) Movie Online Free and the movie Moana get viewer most to watch this movi...
On this week movie great on cinema is Jane The Virgin and the movie Jane The Virgin Full Movies New 2016 get viewer most to watch this movi...
Lots of theaters like Solarmovie showing the MovieMoka containing an element of romance or even sex. For that you have to Voir this one Mov...
Jouer before this movie deleted On this week movie great on cinema is The Red Turtle (la Tortue Rouge) and the movie The Red Turtle (la Tor...
© Copyright 2015 Ganool Funny Movies 2017. Designed by Bloggertheme9 | Distributed By Gooyaabi Templates.
A documentary about civilians that on 7 May 1991 used trucks to prevent the tenks of the JNA from the Mostar barracks to occupy positions in western Herzegovina and part of southern Croatia. This action took place in the Polog town of Hercegovina near Mostar.
The European Commission support for the production of this publication does not constitute an endorsement of the contents which reflects the views only of the authors, and the Commission cannot be held responsi­ble for any use which may be made of the information contained therein.
A peace treaty is signed in Moscow, ending the Winter War. Finland has to surrender the Karelian Isthmus and parts of Salla, Kuusamo and Petsamo. The Hanko area, including several islands, is rented to the Soviet Union as a military base. During the Winter War, more than 26,000 men lost their lives, two-thirds of them under 30 years of age. Soviet air raids killed nearly 900 civilians. The Red Army lost nearly 127,000 men, who were either killed or went missing in action.
Field Marshal Mannerheim meets German Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Veltjens, who tells that the company he represents is willing to sell weapons to Finland. Veltjens also makes a proposal on the transit of German troops through Finland to Norway.
Finland signs an agreement with Germany on the transportation of German troops through Finland to northern Norway. The close political ties between the two countries grow stronger.
The Soviet Union demands that Germany withdraw all its troops from Finland. Germany does not reply to the Soviet Union’s note.
Emotional isolation and physical inactivity are two of the biggest problems facing the growing senior citizen population. Fortunately, there are some way to address both these issues in a single program. It is ironic that in a society where instant communication is the norm, many of us feel very isolated. That’s especially true among seniors,
It may be as simple as a worried feeling in the pit of your stomach. Little signals… laundry piling up, bills are disorganized and piling up, the house looking more unkempt, your seniors’ increased forgetfulness or confusion. These concerns and observations can spark some serious anxiety about the future with your parent/senior. Will they be
With all the talk of changes to/repeal of the ACA we need to look at how seniors may be affected. First, let’s look at what the ACA does for seniors. Insurers must provide free preventative care coverage to Medicare beneficiaries. Prescription medication costs are reduced and the “doughnut hole” (a specific period where seniors are
You have raised children, navigated your relationship with your spouse or partner and managed your career/job. Now the children are grown, your relationship succeeded or didn’t and you are ready to retire. What’s next? Plenty if you take the time to look around, think about your interests and what you want your next decade
March is National Nutrition Month, so this is as good a time as any to talk about nutrition and aging. What should we be eating as we age? Does it matter? Should we be concerned if we are “a little overweight”? Is it natural for an elder to have less of an appetite? As it
By Emily Newhook Present-day Americans are living much longer than their predecessors: At the beginning of the 20th century, just four percent of the population was older than 65. By 2050, though, that number is expected to increase dramatically to more than 20 percent. With this growth in mind, is our health care system optimized
March…in like a lion, out like a lamb. Here in the Northeast, where the snow simply will not stop falling, March is certainly living up to that expression! Did you know March is also National Nutrition Month? Eating a healthy diet is important as we grow, but do we need to be as concerned about diet
You know, those mortgages touted by some really shady people trying to swindle you out of your last dime! Well maybe that’s not case. We are hearing more about reverse mortgages all the time. Are they becoming a viable financial resource? That depends…….. What is a reverse mortgage? It is a loan that is available to
​Your parent is admitted to the hospital for a physical complaint. Suddenly he is disoriented, seeing things, combative and paranoid. What happened? Hospital delirium is a widespread condition that affects many elderly patients. For years it was ignored or misdiagnosed as dementia by the medical community. Recent studies, however, have shown that hospital delirium can
Blog Archive Select Month May 2018 October 2017 September 2017 May 2017 April 2017 February 2017 May 2016 March 2016 February 2016 November 2015 September 2015 May 2015 March 2015 January 2015 November 2014 October 2014 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013
You have walked into the ladies changing room in the gym you work in to try and ill-stay-and-watch-preview-small. As you can see in the video above, 2 short videos of what appear to be Selena. Upskirts And Voyeur Pics Collection - Nailed Hard. And muscles have an important role in helping to regulate many of our physiological processes. Also, when your mom decides to shout your name as the band is marching off the field, and it can.
Big wrestler loves smooth young guys on the receiving end of a rule breaking bully heel! Another week, another dirty little deed from your extreme teen phone sex dream girl Hadley. Jan 23, 2015 An album of 31 sexy photos and gifs of some hot babes in short skirts.
About an hour before I shot these pictures I was out out drinking with the girls. Upskirt pics of amateur party cuties pulling up their skirts to flash their panties.
Women personals close to would you like to take a normal christian chick out to dinner who seeks a fun friend and soul mate bellarthur women bagley women.
Forex expert advisors (EA) are a set of rules and conditions that trigger trades automatically on your account, according to the set rules. They are typically installed on the Meta Trader platform and have become very popular with traders who wish to follow an automated system rather than make manual trades. The biggest advantage of using an EA is the amount of time saved for the trader. Once the EA is set up, it runs on auto-pilot so it does not require much investment of time. Another reason why these, and also forex trading systems are popular is because they often appear to require little or no knowledge of actual trading.
A forex trading system may not necessarily be an automated software solution. A forex system may just refer to a trading strategy that is made up of certain rules and conditions that traders can follow. More often than not, these systems are eventually turned into EAs to add the automation part. Both terms can be used to refer to a similar topic.
If the idea of automated trading through a forex system appeals to you, the best advice we can give is to make sure that the results of the system are as recent as possible and working on a live account. It's possible for a trader to publish their account history to prove that the system is being run on a real money account. This should provide some indication of the success of a forex system.
The table above represents our top 5 rated forex brokers for overall performance. We review and rate each forex broker through a manual process and also allow our users to submit their own reviews. We only list regulated forex brokers on our website.
An impressive organisation putting their money into some big brand exposure activity, sponsoring the worlds fastest man, Usain Bolt. A lot of bonuses and competitions to take part in, making XM our top recommendation. Very friendly for new traders with an extensive education / learning section.
With regulatory approval in 3 countries including the UK and Australia, we can confidently recommend XM if you are looking for a trustworthy forex broker.
Start your forex trading career on the right foot. Avoid confusion and don't dive in! Forex trading is very challenging and definitely not a get rich quick scheme.
It's also extremely rewarding and you will experience a great sense of satisfaction when you are able to profit from the forex market.
We recommend new traders at the very least read our forex trading survival guide which sums up in a nutshell what you are in for.
We've spent our time to put together a list of the best forex brokers for many different categories which mean you can find the best forex broker for your particular needs.
Looking for the best forex broker? Look no further. We aim to help you make the right decision by providing you with up to date information on our database of forex brokers. Our reviews are written by forex traders just like you and every claim is verified. After all, the Internet can be a place with a lot of false information. Our rules are simple and make it fair for both traders and the forex brokers.
A lot of forex broker comparison websites tend to recommend the ones that are paying them the most money. We earn advertising and affiliate revenue, but that doesn't stop us from delivering unbiased opinions on our website.
We don't plaster our website with banners from dozens of companies. Our top 5 list is determined by ratings, not money.
Although every trader has different ideas on what defines a top forex broker, we are certain that the majority would agree that the safety of their funds is the most important. There have been too many cases where traders have either lost their money or found it extremely difficult to withdraw their own funds. A lot of these issues occur with forex brokers who are unregulated. This means, they are not licensed by a reputable financial regulator. We strongly advise against opening an account with any unregulated forex broker, no matter how good they may sound or sell themselves to be. A lot of them offer very enticing sign up bonuses which they can afford to do because they never intend on letting you withdraw your money!
The top forex brokers in the world are often regulated in multiple countries, most commonly Australia and The United Kingdom. Cyprus is another popular country for regulation.
If we were only allowed to provide 1 piece of advise on choosing a forex broker, we would say go with a broker who is regulated in either the UK, Australia or both would be ideal. These are reputable countries where English is the primary language and thus it would be easy to communicate with them.
When it comes to comparing forex brokers, there are quite a lot of factors that you could compare. We'll list the most common comparison points below:
With the major comparisons above and many more, it quickly becomes a difficult task to really put brokers side by side and make a decision. Our rankings system should help you narrow down your selections. We have a rankinkg list for different categories, as well as our own scoring system whereby we start each broker at 100 points and subtract points based on features that they don't have that we would expect a top forex broker to have. Access our forex broker rankings for more information.
Expert Advisor Creation Expert Advisors are programs that allow automation of the analytical and trading processes in the MT4 platform. To create an Expert Advisor (or "Expert"), the expert editing program - MetaEditor - has to be opened from within the MT4 platform. To open the editor (see Figure 1):
Any of these actions will open the Expert Creation Wizard. The Wizard can be used to create Expert Advisors, Custom Indicators, Scripts and DLLs. To create an Expert Advisor, select "Expert Advisor" and click "Next" to continue, as shown in Figure 2.
A new window appears in the programming environment. The Expert's name appears at the top of the window, and the previously entered input parameters are listed near the top of the code, as shown in Figure 4.
From here, the Expert code can be entered into the window using the MQL4 programming language and syntax (see Figure 5).
Note: Specifics regarding programming are outside the scope of this tutorial; understanding programming logic and learning a specific language require significant effort. Traders can learn more about programming in the MQL4 environment by reading the MT4 Help Guides and participating in the active MQL4 community forums.
MQL4, like other proprietary languages, has a list of Reserved Words and Standard Constants that are used during programming. Examples of constants for trade operations, along with their descriptions, include:
Traders can find a MQL4 Reference in the Help tab of the Toolbox in the MetaEditor window. This Reference includes information that is helpful to beginner and experienced programmers including:
After the Expert development has been completed, it must be compiled in order to ensure that the code has been written in the proper format needed to run the Expert. To compile the Expert:
Once compiling has been initiated, an update appears in the Toolbox beneath the code in the MetaEditor window, as shown in Figure 6. An errors or warnings will be listed.
After successful compilation, the new Expert will appear in the Navigator - Expert Advisors window, as shown in Figure 7. If the Expert did not compile successfully, it will still appear but its icon will be gray and the Expert cannot be used.
Either action will open the "Options" window. Select the "Expert Advisors" tab, as shown in Figure 8.
Disable experts when the account has been changed - this option disables the Expert if the account has been changes, such as from a demo to a live account.
Disable experts when the profile has been changed - this option prevents Experts from launching if the profile has changed.
A window appears with Common and Inputs tabs, as shown in Figure 9. Review the settings in each tab and make any necessary changes, and then click "OK" to attach the Expert to the active price chart.
The Expert will now be attached to the price chart. Its name will appear in the upper right-hand corner of the chart. The Expert's name will be followed by a smiley face, as shown in Figure 10, if live trading is enabled. Otherwise, the Expert's name will appear with a frowny face, a dagger after the name indicates that all experts are disabled.
To shut down an Expert, it has to be removed from the chart. To remove an Expert, right-click on the active price chart, select "Expert Advisors" and then "Remove," as shown in Figure 11.
Deleting the Expert from the Navigator window does not shut down an Expert of the same name on an active price chart.
Intro dissertation accroche - find out key tips how to get a plagiarism free themed dissertation from a professional provider learn everything you need to know about custom writing why worry about the review get the necessary assistance on the website.
Accroche dissertation droit - qualified scholars working in the service will write your task within the deadline select the service, and our experienced writers will do your order excellently get common advice as to how to receive the greatest term paper ever.
Grafted vegetables are more vigorous, producing larger plants and heavier crops of top quality fruit. The Squash Hunter is an early ripening butternut variety. The plants are very high yielding, giving a good supply throughout late summer and autumn.
Check the plants are moist and grow on in 10cm pots using a good quality compost and maintaining a temperature of 16-18 degree C.
Plant out 80cm apart in each direction in later May after hardening off. The fruit must be supported by a flat tile or piece of wood preventing contact with the soil. Apply a balance liquid fertiliser at 7-10 day intervals.
Thank you for your interest in contacting us at MetroGuide.com, Inc. This form will allow you to submit a message directly to one of our departments at MetroGuide. To use this form, select the department you wish to contact, and then enter your contact information and your message. If you wish for us to answer you via e-mail, please be sure to provide us with a correct return e-mail address.
Very Important: we often receive mail that is mistakenly directed to organizations or businesses listed in our various guides. Please use this form for contacting MetroGuide only!
Optional. If you would like MetroGuide to contact you via return e-mail, please be certain to enter a valid e-mail address. Your e-mail address will not be displayed, shared or resold.
When you have finished entering all the requested information (* fields are mandatory), press	this button.
patio house planspatio home vs townhousewhat is a patio home in arizonadetached patio homeare patio homes a good investmentwhat is a patio home in texaspatio home for salepictures of patio homes
The Internet Oracle is, well, it's hard to say what it is: a game, a service, an outlet for the imagination, a virtual personality? But anyhow, you submit a question to it, and you get back an answer, typically a humorous and creative one. There are traditions about how you formulate questions (by groveling, in short) and how the answer is worded (it always ends by telling you what you owe the Oracle). In fact, though, what you owe is an answer to someone else's question which the Oracle will send you one day.
O sagaciousest and perspicaciousest of Oracles, it's little I know of the duties of men of the sea, but I'll eat my hand if I understand however the Narrator can be at once the cook, and the Captain bold, and the mate of the Nancy brig, and the bosun tite, and the midshipmite, and the crew of the Captain's gig. Can you please explicate this matter for the future benefit of your unworthy slave?
I was musing over this with some... contacts of mine, who received this piece of intelligence with great interest. Turns out Mr N. Arrator has been claiming paychecks on behalf of at least six different people, none of whom were legally entitled to work in this country. Rest assured Mr Arrator will be spending a long time paying for this.
Oh, and thanks to this tip-off, I negotiated my way out of some rather nasty audit proceedings regarding my tribute, so you owe the Oracle nothing. This time.
My friends say that I know at least something about practically everything; my enemies, that I know far too much about far too much. Here's the raw material for believing in both views. This is a personal blog. What I say here doesn't represent the views of my employer, Santa Claus, or anyone else. You can email me at cowan@ccil.org. Spams will be aggressively filtered.
Top 5 Popular Trading Strategies. May 29,. and all affiliates of Company assume no responsibility or liability for your trading and investment results.Read Online Now ETF TRADING AND INVESTING STRATEGIES COLLECTION Ebook PDF at our Library. INVESTING STRATEGIES COLLECTION PDF file for free from our online library.Option Strategies. Filter. or to engage in any particular investment strategy.Complex Technical Analysis Made Simple. correlated investment strategies that can be combined to a highly.
Investment is the act of incurring. used utility functions the optimal trading strategy for the multi.
The School of Strategy Trading offers a growing variety of downloadable PDF books on the subject of strategy trading and. or any type of trading or investment.After investing for over 40 years, Kirkpatrick has come to. of different strategies.
Where kirkpatricks investment and trading strategies is very converting for, different,. been of kirkpatricks investment and trading strategies asset in,.
The Journal of Investment Strategies Volume 1 Number 1 Winter 2011. optimal trading strategy buys, and continues buying until the indicator falls below.
Higher trading strategy matrix reprinted from. Use two strategies pdf spread.The internet along with online brokers have opened up investment trading to.Two have to do with the management of activity, buying and selling.
Extreme Markup Languages 2002 conference will be held 4-9 August in Montreal, Canada. Until 9 July, one can still apply to speak at conference.
The main new features are the applet availability and FOP support. It is possible to test online applet demo and to get new evaluation license from the product site.
Francis Norton's proposal for Locally Linked Infosets, a non-intrusive method for associating Infoset annotations with XML.
We need to ask for and store your personal information for the legitimate Intent of fulfil our contractual obligation of sending you the communication about your transactions on our website. Your personal information is stored safely and processed as per the European GDPR guidelines. Your personal information is retained in our systems until you ask for its deletion, or, we find it irrelevant for the purpose of this application. You may change your personal information at any time and the change history is preserved. Following is the list of purpose for which your personal information will be used:
2.We will send you information on our products, services, discounts and promotions, subject to your consent.
3.We may share your contact details with our partners, subject to your consent, who would send you information on their their products, services, discounts and promotions.
You can choose to delete your personal information from this application. Please see the option to delete personal information.
Click on the Shokugeki no Soma 218 manga image to go to the next page. You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between pages.
Swimming Pool Contractors | Swimming Pool Dealers | Swimming Pool Supplies | Pool Repair | Reviews | Add Your Business (FREE!)
Looking for some pointers on pool maintenance? Check out our guide to swimming pool maintenance and learn how to keep a clean, happy pool for all to enjoy. Need ideas for a pool project? Take a look at outdoor swimming pool designs breakdown.
If you have used the services of Peninsula Pools we'd love to hear from you! Use the form below to review and comment on your experience.
Swimming Pool Pros .org does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of any information on this site.
Charlotte Sanddal traveled to St. George, Utah last month for the Huntsman World Senior Games. In addition to setting several...
U.S. Masters Swimming has released the preliminary top ten booklet for the 2017-2018 long course season. Please review it. If...
The Northwest Zone Chatter newsletter from September 2018 is now available. You can download it by clicking here.
Walt Reid writes… Hi All, As you all know, it is the swimmer’s responsibility to obtain the required documentation for...
We will be posting news, photos, informational links, etc. to keep you informed about Montana Masters Swimming.
Welcome from the Montana Local Masters Swimming Committee (“LMSC”)! We are swimmers age 19 and up, and we are ﬁtness...
Ella Ackley and Pat Hastings traveled to Orlando, Florida recently to compete in the 2018 UANA Pan American Masters Championships....
Sean Phelps writes… The Big Sky State Games have added open water swimming to the competition program. A 1-mile and...
We are swimmers age 18 and up, and we are ﬁtness swimmers, competitors, triathletes and lap swimmers. From our mission “To promote health, wellness, ﬁtness, and competition for adults through swimming” to our vision “USMS will be the premier resource for adult aquatic ﬁtness in the United States and will make ﬁtness through swimming available for as many adults as possible” we’re all about swimming for fun and ﬁtness.
We have many volunteer positions, some ongoing, some for speciﬁc projects. If you are interested in giving back to the sport of swimming this is a great opportunity!
ARCHIVES Select Month November 2018 (2) October 2018 (1) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (1) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (6) March 2018 (2) December 2017 (4) August 2017 (3) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (8)
It could be pretty hard for many shoppers to help make a company conclusion on the type of car or truck leasing schemes or contracts to take on Together with the big variety of functions offered in each contract. It's best with the smart consumer to undertake some analysis on car or truck leasing first just before taking over any motor vehicle leasing contract. Many of the available attributes might not be far too attractive to the individual shoppers as they'd to your business enterprise companies.
Among the best avenues to get When it comes to the ideal car or truck leasing techniques is to refer to the industry experts. These would be qualified and experienced leasing consultants from founded and reputable leasing companies or financial institutions which can recommend to the best suited auto leasing capabilities for The patron or business enterprise.
These consultants are very well versed with not simply the vehicle leasing characteristics; They're also inform towards the altering scenarios of your leasing current market and marketplace. They can be effectively furnished with the most recent info to find out the top automobile leasing choice accessible in the market for different styles and people; whether it is personal or enterprise primarily based.
The consultants are acquainted with all car leasing solutions like Contract Employ and private Agreement Seek the services of; auto or van leasing.
A warranty is very very important in almost any vehicle leasing deal; That is to guard The patron in almost any vehicle leasing offer. A warranty is meant to guarantee a easy usage on the leased vehicle all over its lease making sure that The buyer could well be capable to maximize the vehicle’s prospective for max Rewards.
Some motor vehicle leases enable prolonged warranties; these need to be enquired by The patron as some unscrupulous leasing businesses may well withhold the information or present. Most auto leases offer the common car leasing warranty via the automobile company but not prolonged warranties which may deal with much more areas of the leased vehicle. Some leasing firms present prolonged warranties at an extra cost.
Preserving the leased motor iznajmljivanje vozila sa vozacem aerodrom vehicle is one of A very powerful activities which The buyer normally takes on. Any vehicle that is definitely properly and routinely preserved wouldn't give any difficulty to its consumer in its functioning; there isn't any fret of unpredicted breakdowns as the vehicle could be held in idea-top situation by way of frequent diligent maintenance.
Nonetheless, servicing is a possibility in many vehicle leasing strategies. There might be an additional Price tag iznajmljivanje vozila sa vozacem beograd into the vehicle leasing contract Together with the inclusion of servicing. Most enterprises leasing company fleets would come with routine maintenance of their leasing contracts; individual customers may not often contain the maintenance alternative a result of the more Price tag incurred.
The Central African CFA franc (French: franc CFA or simply franc, ISO 4217 code: XAF) is the currency of six independent states in Central Africa: Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. These six countries have a combined population of 48.0 million people (as of 2014), and a combined GDP of US$88.2 billion (as of 2012).CFA stands for Coopération financière en Afrique centrale ("Financial Cooperation in Central Africa"). It is issued by the BEAC (Banque des États de l'Afrique Centrale, "Bank of the Central African States"), located in Yaoundé, Cameroon, for the members of the CEMAC (Communauté Économique et Monétaire de l'Afrique Centrale, "Economic and Monetary Community of Central Africa"). The franc is nominally subdivided into 100 centimes but no centime denominations have been issued. In several west African states, the West African CFA franc, which is of equal value to the Central African CFA franc, is in circulation.
The United States dollar (sign: $; code: USD; also abbreviated US$ and referred to as the dollar, U.S. dollar, or American dollar) is the official currency of the United States and its territories per the United States Constitution since 1792. For most practical purposes, it is divided into 100 smaller cent (¢) units, but is occasionally divided into 1000 mills (₥) for accounting purposes. The circulating paper money consists of Federal Reserve Notes that are denominated in United States dollars (12 U.S.C. § 418). Since the suspension in 1971 of convertibility of paper U.S. currency into any precious metal, the U.S. dollar is, de facto, fiat money. As it is the most used in international transactions, the U.S. dollar is the world's primary reserve currency. Several countries use it as their official currency, and in many others it is the de facto currency. Besides the United States, it is also used as the sole currency in two British Overseas Territories in the Caribbean: the British Virgin Islands and Turks and Caicos Islands. A few countries use the Federal Reserve Notes for paper money, while still minting their own coins, or also accept U.S. dollar coins (such as the Sacagawea or presidential dollar). As of June 27, 2018, there are approximately $1.67 trillion in circulation, of which $1.62 trillion is in Federal Reserve notes (the remaining $50 billion is in the form of coins).
576 XAF to USD Spot rate – This is known more formally as the ‘interbank’ rate. It is the rate banks or large financial institutions charge each other when trading significant amounts of foreign currency. In the business, this is sometimes referred to as a ‘spot rate’. It is not the tourist rate and you cannot buy currency at this rate, as you are buying relatively small amounts of foreign currency. In everyday life it is the same as the difference between wholesale and retail prices. The rates shown in financial newspapers and in broadcast media are usually the interbank rates.
576 Central African CFA Franc BEAC to US Dollar Cross rate – This is the rate we give to customers who want to exchange currencies that do not involve the local currency. For example, if you want to exchange Australian dollars into US dollars.
“There is no reason to fear a possible devaluation of the CFA franc,” Abbas Mahamat Tolli, governor of Beac
At the end of the 3rd session of the BEAC Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) for the year 2018, held on 31 October 2018 in the Cameroonian capital, the
Stocks investors are spooked about a lot of things, and the strong dollar biting into earnings growth is now one of them.
On Monday, the US dollar reached its highest level in a year and a half, as measured against a weighted basket of foreign currencies. You can now buy a Euro for just $1.12, and a British Pound for $1.29. What does that mean for Americans?
India Business News: Cutting short the 10-day selling trend, crude oil prices rose by around 1% to touch $71 per barrel mark after the world's largest oil exporter Saudi A
Positive macro data which showed retail inflation dropping to a 13-month low in October also bolstered the market sentiment.
Suppose you are a developer and you are integrating a DYMO LabelWriter or LabelManager printer into your application by using DYMO Label Framework or older DYMO Label SDK API. Usually the integration is quite simple and "just works", and you can print a first label in a matter of minutes. Sometimes however, something might went wrong and don’t have the expected result. Or everything is fine on your machine, but the application does not work on the customer’s machine. What to do? Here are some tips could help in troubleshooting and investigating the problem.
In most common usage scenarios, the DYMO Label software is required to be installed on the same machine where your application is running (for more information, see this and this). Usually we recommend to install the latest available version, unless there are knowing problems with a particular release. The latest version is available from DYMO site, here is the link.
Try printing a label from the DYMO Label software. DYMO Label software and the SDK libraries share a lot of underling code, so, if you can’t print by using the SDK, there is a big chance there will be problems with the DYMO Label as well. So, if you can’t print from DYMO Label or there are other problems running it, then contact DYMO tech support. Usually you will be asked to provide installation/configuration information, this can be obtaining by running LWSupport utility from the “[Program Files]DYMODYMO Label SoftwareSupport” folder.
If you are using DYMO Label Framework JavaScript library and just installed DYMO Label software, you might need to restart the browser to have the Framework plugins loaded. Also, you might need to restart the browser if you have added a new DYMO printer.
If you are using DYMO Label Framework JavaScript library, open http://labelwriter.com/software/dls/sdk/samples/js/CheckEnvironment/CheckEnvironment.html and click on “Check” button. The installation information will be displayed.
If you have any questions regarding the SDK, e-mail us at [sdkreply at newellco com]. Please note, this is SDK-only support e-mail. For questions regarding DYMO Label software itself, please contact DYMO tech support.
I’ve tried adding assemblies into powershell (using SAPIEN Studio 2012). No matter which dymo*.dll I load, or even all the Dymo.dlls, I keep getting the error that powershell cant load the dll’s cause dependencies are missing or not found: – In VB2010 and in C# it all wirks fine – and I have installed the DYMO Label Progs. and even SDK – how to fix?
Your question is a few years old but I had the same question. I couldn’t find anywhere how to print a label from powershell. This works for me (no error handling in this script):
We do not have any PowerShell examples but since I believe it supports COM you can use our SDK to instantiate our COM objects. This website may be able to provide some insight on creating COM objects through PowerShell:
Thank you for your reply. I may have been unclear: the code that I posted is a Powershell example that I created after looking into the .NET assemblies and going through some extensive trial&error (not yet very experienced with using .NET in PS).
I have a label in which I manipulate the contents using a different script, so the only thing I needed was printing an existing label file. Given code does exactly that.
Of course it needs to check if the file location and files exist, if a label printer is connected and what to do if more than one labelprinter is found.
I just posted this code for anyone out there trying to print using Powershell (using the shell or ISE, haven’t tried with Sapien).
takes a LONG time… around 45-90 seconds. I have tried to only take this hit the first time, and if the labelset is already created, just emptying it and adding records for subsequent calls. This is marginally faster. I have also tested this in Chrome with the exact same result.
Application is pretty straightforward: just javascript in the browser to a local DYMO labelwriter 400 Turbo. In the end, it prints fine, it just freezes up the browser for 90 seconds while it does it’s thing to kick off the job.
Any help you can give me would be greatly appreciated. A wait time that long that freezes out the application won’t work.
Has anyone experienced problems with the DYMO frame work not working for browsers running Windows 8?
Our web app is running fine on Windows 7/Vista/XP and MacOS X. But when we installed tried to use the same web app on Win 8 it does not work. Are there problems with the plugins installed to the browsers under Windows 8? We’re using the latest DYMO javascript framework and the latest DYMO installs.
I have a problem with printing on Windows 2008 Server. I have installed SDK 8.4.2, but when I try to print from my application (communication via high level code), I receive a message: Class Dymo.DymoAddIn is not registered. I also installed WIN_DLS 7.8 and DLS7Update, but the problem still exists. WIN_DLS does not recognize USB port, to which Dymo is attached.
There are no such problems with version 8.4.2, which is installed with no problems and allows to print everything from the Label Designer Programme)
Maybe I could register it manually? How to register Dymo ActiveX or how to print in a different way on such machine?
I am working on Administrator Account. I have changed default Internet Options to allow run ActiveX objects.
I tried also low-level printing using DLL, but I receive always information “Unable to load Dymo driver”. I have spent many hours to resolve the problem, but I found no solution.
We have a blog post which explains what needs to be installed where. You’ll find the article here http://developers.dymo.com/2010/06/15/label-printing-and-web-deployment/
I have installed dymo label writer 450 on my windows system and the required proxy settings. When i opened the PrintMeThatLabel example through my android phone I could add the printer through the ip as the desktop and phone are on the same wifi network but on giving the print command it gives InvalidJob Id. Any Suggestions?
I get the same, “Status: InvalidJobId”. I get the same message on my iPhone as I do on my windows machine. My windows machine has the SDK installed on it along with the proxy service. I can print using the direct method from javascript, just not the URI method.
Using the javascript dsk, I’ve got it working now being able to select label quantity. I want to add the ability to pick which roll to print on.
Can I pass Auto or any setting to a Non twin turbo and have it just ignore it? Or will it choke trying to set that param on a non twinturbo?
Hi Im running mac 10.9 google chrome, using the javascript framework. I was using a labelwriter 450 turbo, now i am using the twin turbo. I am able to print and also able to set print parameters copies property however since getting the twin turbo I had many issues with printing first I had to uninstall all software and reinstall in order to remove previous printer from getPrinters() array. now I am able to print to the twin turbo however no matter what enumeration i use with the print Params twinTurboRoll it prints to the last printed from the dls it seems that it is not reading the print params. I hunted around through the framework.latest and came to a stop when it passes the information to the plugin. which leads me to my next question. is there a location on my computer where I can look at the code in the plugin that gets embedded, I really need to be able to define which side to print to.
The DYMO Label Framework SDK only support LABEL format. However, we do have another COM based SDK that does support the opening and printing of LWL format labels. A small example and walkthrough can be found at the following link.
The SDK itself just provides samples and help information. The required binaries are shipped with DLS which can be downloaded here http://download.dymo.com/dymo/Software/Win/DLS8Setup.8.5.1.exe
I tried to use the following VB.NET code but the labels are printed as single lable not continuously.
Could you please provide greater clarification? What do you mean by “labels are printed as single label and not continuously?” Each print job should be printed on separate physical label.
The easiest way is to design your label with DYMO Label Software (DLS) and save the label as template. Thereafter you can load the label template from your custom app and modify the corresponding fields before you send the label to the printer.
Anywat, i have another simple question, the sdk documents states that the values in the rect class are in dpi.
I have the object coordinates in mm, how can I convert them to dpi to be used in the addobject call?
I’m trying to use the web SDK that includes the proxy service, with a labelmanager PNP. If I install the latest DYMO Label software then I cannot connect to the proxy using the PrintMeThatLabel sample. However, if I install the older version (v8) then the getPrinters call succeeds (HTTP 200), but my printer is not detected – and of course can’t be found in the DYMO Label software.
Is there a solution for my problem – i.e. a version of the web proxy which works with the latest DYMO Label? My use case is a laboratory with a printer attached to a PC or wirelessly connected, which we want various PCs and Android tablets to be able to print on from webpages hosted on a server in a separate comms room.
Cendien specializes in Java staffing services and provides talented Java expertise to Scottsdale clients. With a proven process to qualify and deliver Java consultants, we provide the right resources to support demanding engagements. Our Java staffing team is dedicated to exclusively focus on Java expertise.
With an average 15 years’ industry experience, our Java team has a deep understanding of our respective Java markets and technology. That, coupled with our internal recruiting methodology, allows us to maintain a national network of consulting expertise to staff our clients’ Java projects quickly and effectively.
A strong Java project team can often make a difference between an Java project success or failure. Hence, accessing the most talented Java consultants and attracting top talent requires leaders to look for service providers like Cendien with access to rare competency and skills. We are experts in finding talent within the Java technologies and critical business functions.
Our client base consists of organizations throughout various industries including, but not limited to, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Higher Education, Retail, Utilities, Banking and Finance and Public Sector.
Call us to today to learn more about our Scottsdale Java consulting services. Our consultants are some of the most experienced Java experts and work directly with you. Let us help you ensure that you have a successful project, our process will save you time, money and headaches.
Java is a registered trademark of Oracle Software Inc. Cendien is not affiliated with Oracle Software Inc, but provides professional Java consulting services. Oracle Software Inc is not responsible for the content or any of this information.
Posted: Fri Aug 19, 2005 2:50 pm Post subject: Pakistani Textbooks and Curriculum : "The Subtle Subver
It is usually very difficult and often very painful for one to realize the extent that he or she has been brainwashed over a period of time. Many of us on these forums have received the first part of their education up until high school in Pakistan and frequently in some of the best schools of the country. And even then, I recall sometimes getting confused between the chapters in my Islamiat, Pakistan Studies and Urdu books, all three of which are subjects made compulsory by the Pakistani government (non-Muslims are exempted from taking Islamiat). The curriculum for these subjects is defined in detail by the government for all schools including private schools.
Today I read an article on the BBC website titled US concern at Pakistan textbooks and the first thought that came to my mind was "here goes the mighty power dictating internal policy to Pakistan again". Nevertheless I decided to read the article. I found out that President Musharaf had asked the education ministry in March 2002 to undertake a comprehensive review of all textbooks. What was surprising was that the review recommended no major changes.
Frustrated, the The Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI) undertook an independent review and published its report titled The subtle Subversion: A report on Curricula and Textbooks in Pakistan (attached with this post). I have read only a few pages of this 138 page report so far and it is truly an eye opener. That selected passages that I have read so far and which include specific references to government mandated books accurately reflect the material that I was brainwashed with and then tested upon during my school years. In SDPI's own words the report:
Hindus worship in temples which are very narrow and dark places, where they worship idols. Only one person can enter the temple at a time. In our mosques, on the other hand, all Muslims can say their prayers together.
I hope that everyone on these forums reads this report because the first step towards any betterment for the future is the realization of the wrongs of the past and the present.
As of January 1, 2016, Gapers Block has ceased publication. The site will remain up in archive form. Please visit Third Coast Review, a new site by several GB alumni.
It wouldn't surprise me in the slightest if we find out one day that writer-director George Miller contemplated, at some point in the early stages of developing what became Mad Max: Fury Road, setting the film in the world established in Mad Max, The Road Warrior and Mad Max: Beyond Thunderdome but taking Max Rockatansky (originally played iconically by Mel Gibson) out of the film entirely. After watching Fury Road, it's not difficult to imagine a version of the film without him, or a version of the story in which he dies halfway through, leaving the true star of the film, Imperator Furiosa (Charlize Theron), at the true and proper center of things.
In truth, former police officer Max was never the most interesting character in any of the Mad Max movies. He was the relatively stable center of these stories, around which various versions of insanity and eccentricity revolved. Even his vehicles of choice were classic cars with very little external flair. With Fury Road, Miller attempts to push Max (perhaps a little too hard) into the realm of the tormented, filling his mind and eyes with flashes of those he loved but couldn't save from death, primarily his wife and child from the first film. These visions haunt and distract him at crucial times during the Fury Road tale, but these moments seem like desperate attempts to give Max (played here by Tom Hardy) depth, which has never been particularly important before and adds very little to the mix.
The possible explanation for this tortured-soul emphasis is that Max doesn't seem nearly as interesting this time out, especially when placed next to Theron's Furiosa, who actually has a horse in the race she's trying to win. Furiosa is a war-rig driver for a territorial dictator named Immortan Joe (Hugh Keays-Bryen, who played the nasty piece of work Toecutter in Mad Max), who controls the water supply in this small, burnt-out corner of Australia. On a water run from Joe's fortress to the oil refinery nearby, Furiosa commits mutiny and diverts her fortified truck off course in an attempt to steal its actual cargo: Joe's fertile wives (including the likes of Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Zoë Kravitz and Riley Keough), essentially the only women left on a poisoned planet who can still have children. In this society, it isn't water or gasoline that has become most precious; it's the ability to breed that gives someone the most power in a dying world.
Although we aren't provided a proper backstory on Furiosa, that makes her far more interesting. Assuming she's barren, she's been stripped of conventional feminine tropes. She's a warrior in Joe's army and little else. But she is appalled seeing these wives being used as baby factories, and she knows there's a better place in the world for them (she refers to it as the "Green Place," although green is not a color we see in this film). Theron does fiery quite convincingly here, but she's far more intriguing when she's quiet and plotting her next eight moves.
Perhaps most importantly and impressively, Furiosa is the star of this film, with Max as her constant companion (although thankfully, Miller ignores any romantic possibilities between the two), despite a rough start between them. She's fighting for the future of women in this social structure, and her mission carries far more weight than Max's trumped-up internal angst. And Mad Max: Fury Road is a far better film because of that. If you love great filmmaking, you'll be in heaven for two hours. If you are upset that said filmmaking isn't solely centered on a male character, feel free to eat a dick.
So why am I focusing on the socio-political aspects of Fury Road instead of the action? Aw hell, you know the action is going to great. Miller has been making these things for decades, and while he's hardly resting on his laurels or sleepwalking through the action sequences, we know he's going to get those elements just right. If anything, the director has outdone himself as a stager of mayhem and destruction. Everything feels faster, looks like it hurts more, and makes louder noises when things go boom. Shot mostly on the southwestern coast of Africa, even the desert looks more evil. Rather than the washed-out tan color from the previous films, here the sands look positively scorching, as if even stepping on it would melt your feet. There's even an amusing sequence in which the various characters must deal with muddy bogs, and suddenly those 10-ton trucks don't seem like such a good idea. The terrain is as much, if not more of, a character as it has even been in these films.
One of the film's more interesting subplots involves a low-level follower of Joe named Nux (Nicholas Hoult), a dried-out husk of a man, clearly diseased by whatever caused the end of civilization ("Who Killed the Earth?" is a frequent battle cry in Fury Road); and he's of a firm belief that if he dies he'll find paradise in Valhalla and eventually be reborn. He literally steals Max's blood in his attempt to strengthen himself enough to chase after Furiosa, but he eventually begins to see the error of his ways and becomes a reliable ally. Nux is maybe the only character in Fury Road who has an arc, powered in part by his attraction to one of Joe's wives, and Hoult (from the current X-Men movies and Warm Bodies) does a remarkable job of conveying his character's fanatical mindset along with his slow transformation into something closer to human.
Despite the fact that Miller hasn't visited the Mad Max realm in 30 years, Fury Road doesn't feel like he's treading tired ground. He's clearly decided to up both the action and the human stakes with this film. He's quite gifted at digging through the wreckage and rubble he creates to find the heart and soul of his characters; it's one of his absolute strengths. And I don't think we've seen him pull it off quite as bravely and significantly as he does here. It's a little sad that Hardy's Max is reduced to little more than a grunting, screaming mess for a great deal of the film, but Max was never one for many words. But what Gibson could pull off with a cold stare, Hardy feels the need to overcompensate with a twitchy performance that makes Max seem brain damaged, rather than the king of the brooders. It's a minor complaint, but you'll notice it and feel the difference.
Let me be the guy who splashes a little cold water on some of the hyperbole that's already been gaining steam about Fury Road. First of all, it is not a two-hour chase scene — not even close. There are plenty of breaks in the action, as you probably need just to catch your breath and figure out what the hell is going on. But it's more than just about taking a moment to decompress. Miller's pacing is remarkable, and what happens during these pauses in the action are important to the bigger picture and messages of the film. When Furiosa and her crew get where they're going, it opens up the truer meanings of Fury Road in remarkable ways.
The other myth I want to dispel is that there is no CGI in Fury Road. That's just not true. I might be convinced that the car stunts are all 100 percent real, but the idea that CGI isn't a major part of the storytelling here is just nonsense. The difference is that Miller doesn't use special effects as a crutch to support a weak film. He uses it to convey scale and enormity; he's expanding his world not creating it. I'm certainly not against filmmakers using a whole lot of CGI, but let's not turn Miller into some kind of anti-CGI warrior. That said, the practical stunts in Fury Road are like nothing you've ever seen, both as pure cinematic violence eruptions and from a purely technical standpoint. Miller has turned car crashes, people getting sucked under the wheels of a semi, and fiery explosions into works of art that will stand up against anything hanging in The Louvre. Yeah, I said it. Now go have yourself a destructive good time.
I couldn't remember what my initial review was for the first Pitch Perfect, so I did a quick search and discovered that somehow (probably because I didn't see the film until after its release) I never actually reviewed the original. If nearly three years of hard living hasn't destroyed my recall, I seem to remember reacting favorably to the story of Beca (Anna Kendrick) and her college pals, singing a cappella mash-ups as the Bellas and winning a national championship. The film did well in theaters and really well on home video, and then Pitch Perfect became a "thing," which isn't the fault of the film, but sometimes when people try to make another version of that "thing," it turns out more like a pale imitation.
Pitch Perfect 2 starts strong, with a very clever command performance by the now-three-time national champion Bellas at Lincoln Center for President Obama and the First Lady. Back are all of the members who weren't seniors in the first film, including Fat Amy (Rebel Wilson), who attempts a silk scarf routine that results in her tights splitting, exposing her front and back nether regions to the First Family and disqualifying the team from any official U.S. competitions. However, it just so happens the tri-annual world finals are happening soon in Europe, and the Bellas are automatically invited to that. The team makes a deal with the a cappella governing body (made up of first-film commentators John Michael Higgins and Elizabeth Banks, who also takes a turn as the film's director this time around) that if they win, they will be allowed back into competition.
Despite the return of screenwriter Kay Cannon, the tone of Pitch Perfect 2 feel similar to the first film but perhaps a little meaner. With most of the girls playing seniors in this installment, there's more at stake for many of them and more of an incentive to win the international title. But many of the obstacles thrown in front of the young ladies seem hopelessly artificial, and the subplots are loaded with drama that seems forced. For example, Beca gets an internship at a recording studio run by a hits producer played by Keegan-Michael Key, who is quite funny. (But can we all just agree that Snoop Dogg cameos feel about as timely as Nixon jokes?) But Beca is afraid her friends will freak if they find out that she's concentrating on a career in her chosen field rather than preparing the music for their title shot. Her avoidance feels more like a plot device than an actual personality trait.
Thrown into the mix for the first time in this sequel is freshman Emily (Hailee Steinfeld from True Grit and Ender's Game). Although the Bellas are forbidden from auditioning any new members, Emily is a legacy (her mother, played by Katey Sagal, was a Bella many moons ago) and must be allowed in automatically. But she's a bundle of nervous energy that also threatens to sideline the group. Emily also has ambitions of writing and performing original music, which is the kiss of death in this profession of covers and mash-ups.
The group's other key member is Gail (Brittany Snow), who is largely made uninteresting in Pitch Perfect 2. We know she wants to win really bad, but beyond that I couldn't tell you a single thing that resembles growth about this character. A parade of familiar faces manage to make their way back into the film. Even long-graduated Aubrey (Anna Camp) manages to find a clever way to re-enter the Bellas' lives one more time. Boyfriends are had and lost and gotten back. Cameos abound, with my personal favorites being another vocal group, the Tone Hangers, comprised of John Hodgman, Jason Jones, Joe Lo Truglio and Reggie Watts, who compete against the Bellas at a secret a cappella showdown sponsored by David Cross' demented host. It's at this event that we first see the talents of the German champions Das Sound Machine, led by the genetically perfect Birgitte Hjort and Flula Borg.
I guess the issues I have with Pitch Perfect 2 have mostly to do with everything being stretched too far. There are too many stories, characters (new and old), and subplots to allow us to care about any of it. The zingers still zing, and the characters who were funny before largely hold onto their comic timing (I still find myself weirdly excited by Hana Mae Lee's bizarre, soft-spoken Lilly). But overall, this feels like a giant one-joke idea that is being grabbed at the corners and stretched beyond its natural borders.
Still, most things with Kendrick in them are better than the ones without, and she continues to impress me not just with her comic ability but her intuition about what style of comedy works best in each film she's in. She is no one-note comic actor, and she proves that with each new film. Pitch Perfect 2 is a close call for me, but I don't think it quite made me laugh or tap my toes enough to recommend. I realize that straying too far from the formula of the first film would have been sacrilege, but give us something to make it less predictable at least.
This year is shaping up to be another great year for documentaries, particularly if you're a fan of docs about the arts and individual creative types (I review three of them just this week). Lambert and Stamp has its origins in a particularly unusual place. Would-be filmmakers Chris Stamp (brother of actor Terence) and Kit Lambert were keen to find an unknown band to place at the center of an experimental film circa the early 1960s. The pair found a group called High Numbers, and they were so impressed with their music that they decided to manage and mentor the band that eventually changed its name to The Who.
First-time feature director James D. Cooper has taken that early footage (and a great deal of other archival film) and made this film that tracks the choices and decision the management team made to make The Who one of the world's biggest and most enduring bands. What immediately becomes clear is that Stamp and Lambert were cut from quite different cloth. One was more buttoned down, while the other seemed more attuned to the needs of the band and all that came with being rock stars. But together, they made the perfect managing duo, always leaving the band room to expand and try new things, including seeing songwriter Pete Townshend's need to move beyond conventional rock music, a desire that led to the rock opera Tommy. Both Townshend and singer Roger Daltrey are extensively interviewed for the film, and paint a fairly clear portrait of how their management allowed them to grow artistically.
As much as Lambert and Stamp is a fascinating look at The Who's early successes (something I think even non-fans will find amusing) as well as a spotlight on the rollicking London music and fashion scenes of the 1960s, where the film ultimately triumphs is in its look at this unlikeliest of friendships, one of whom was gay, while the other rarely liked a day where he didn't have a lady on his arm. With Lambert having died in 1981, his voice is missing from the film, but the more recently passed Stamp (he died in 2012) is very much a part of this film, spinning quality stories that are both hilarious and quite telling about both his management style and The Who's tastes and musical leanings.
Things started to go sour when the band and management attempted to make Tommy into a film (the original version didn't happen), which the amateur filmmakers assumed they would direct after solving some of the story issues of the album turning into a cinema experience. The conflicts within the organization are as fascinating as the years when things were moving along smoothly. Director Cooper jumps around chronologically in his telling of The Who's legend, but the portrait painted of Keith Moon as a master antagonizer, especially when it came to Daltrey, are pure gold as rock lore goes. Lambert and Stamp clocks in at just under two hours, but it breezes by with a kind of loopy glee and flying-by-the-seat-of-their-pants energy of two guys making it up as they went along, and usually getting it right. As a slice of rock history, the film works; but as an examination of a creative friendship, it excels. The film opens today in Chicago at the Landmark Century Center Cinema.
On the surface, the latest (though not last) documentary from master filmmaker Albert Maysles (Salesman, Gimme Shelter, Grey Gardens), who died in March at age 88, is about 93-year-old fashion icon and tastemaker Iris Apfel, whose ability to combine clothes and accessories from vastly different origins into a unifying look is actually quite fun to observe. But in light of Maysles' recent passing and his voice and face frequently featured in the film, it's equally about people who have made a long and fruitful career in their dream job. Iris is a non-standard profile about an eccentric figure with a low opinion of her looks but a high opinion of her style. At one point in the film, she says, "If you're lucky enough to do something you love, everything else follows." If Maysles had said it, it would have made just as much sense.
Like many of the fashion-centered docs in recent years, Iris doesn't require a knowledge or appreciation of style to enjoy. Iris' outfits for herself may seem outlandish at first, but when she explains her process and illustrates how she puts pieces together, it somehow makes sense, and your opinion of the ensemble will likely improve. It should be made clear that Apfel is not a clothing designer; she's more akin to a stylist, often using herself as the model. A great deal of the film's strength comes from the relationship and frequent reactions of her long-time husband Carl, who is also an occasional male model for her fashion combinations. There's a love story at the heart of her life story and this movie that is adorable and inspirational.
As one might expect, Iris touches on its subject's childhood in Queens during the Great Depression, her relationship with her parents, and her early years experimenting with clothing and colors. And the tour of her lavishly decorated, funhouse of a home is reason enough to pay admission. But it's her occasional interactions with the director that make the film stand out in my mind. I don't get the impression to two are age-old friends, but it's clear they both admire and respect each other as artists, and the affection clearly runs deep. The movie is an accidental, yet perfectly fitting, tribute to Maysles (whose final film, In Transit, has just started making the festival rounds), and it only adds another reason to seek out this skillfully crafted work about a different kind of creator. Iris opens today in Chicago at the Music Box Theatre.
Far from a glossy surface treatment of the man behind one of the most recognizable characters in children's entertainment and pop culture, I Am Big Bird dives deep into the sometimes-troubled life story of Caroll Spinney, who had given movement and voice to Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch since they were introduced on "Sesame Street" in 1969. The film tracks Spinney's early years as a puppeteering enthusiast through a rough childhood with an abusive father to his days with the "Bozo's Circus" show out of Boston and his eventual fateful meeting with Jim Henson, who had a new idea for educating and entertaining children with the Children's Television Workshop.
I Am Big Bird isn't afraid to get deep (Spinney talks openly about times in his life when he had suicidal thoughts) and there may even be a four-letter word thrown in here and there — so by all means, bring the kids — but as an honest and revealing documentary, it's a winner thanks to smart storytelling from directors Dave La Mattina and Chad N. Walker. Fortunately, Spinney and his family chronicled everything with home movies and video cameras, so archival footage is amply available to cover most of the major events in his and Big Bird's life, including his monumental trip to China and various "Sesame Street" episodes that dealt with slightly tougher issues, including the death of a beloved cast member. And good luck trying not to cry your eyes out when Big Bird sings "It's Not Easy Being Green" at Henson's 1990 memorial.
The film makes some interesting observations about Spinney's role in the Muppet world, especially noting that both of his characters were ones that were puppets operated by one person, unlike many of the other characters who required two people to work. According to the movie, this style of worked suited Spinney's quiet, loner personality, but it also kept him from bonding with Henson the way other Muppeteers (like Franz Oz) did over the years. I Am Big Bird is as much a fascinating personality profile as it is a historical document about Spinney, and the way the filmmakers braid the two sides to his story is sublime.
What's also of particular note is how many interview subjects note that there is not much of a dividing line between Big Bird and Spinney in terms of childlike wonder and kindness, which makes the creation and purpose of Oscar the Grouch in Spinney's life so curious. As a being of pure, playful negativity, Oscar lets Spinney purge himself of bad feelings just enough to keep him energized to play Big Bird. We should all have such outlets for our true personalities to come out and play.
I Am Big Bird is a heartwarming — sometimes heartbreaking — story of one of the last of the old guard in children's entertainment. Despite a brief popularity spike by Elmo in recent years, Big Bird remains the face of "Sesame Street," the eternal child in all of us who guided us through learning and just generally being better people. It gives us a sense that Spinney is both close to a time when physical limitation will force him to step out of the Big Bird costume and hand it to his carefully chosen successor, but he still seems to get a charge and sense of pure joy strapping on the legs and easing into the eight-foot-tall suit. When he finally does decide to take off the suit for the last time, this film makes it clear that the world will be a little less perfect as a result. The film opens today in Chicago for a two-week run at the Gene Siskel Film Center.
This very different approach at the coming-of-age story begins when Hera, a little girl growing up on a farm in Iceland, sees her older brother killed in an accident, which occurred partly because she was distracting him. It's an incident neither she nor her parents (who don't know about her involvement) ever truly recover from, and as she gets older she begins to take an interest in her brother's heavy metal music collection and even his guitars, which she tentatively picks up and learns to play. Before long, Hera (played in her early 20s by the terrific Thora Bjorg Helga) loses herself in the music, listening and absorbing it completely, causing a rift between her and her parents.
She also uses this feeling of alienation to distance herself from her community, and she begins to lash out and commit random acts of destruction and vandalism, often with headphones on, blasting mix tapes of Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, Megadeth, Lizzy Borden, Savatage and many others. Just when she's convinced there is no one in the world that understands her love of this music, she meets the town's new young priest, who reveals that he too is a secret headbanger. There are a few more dangerous moments when Hera is feeling especially destructive that she turns to black metal and church burning as a way of getting back at God for taking her brother away from her. And while Metalhead never justifies her actions, it does view them as an extreme form of grieving and outward expression of rage at an unfair world.
Hera's sometimes unexpected story takes her from forming a crush on the priest to dating her clean-cut, high school sweetheart to learning to write and play her own music in her room (a tape of her demos leads to a great many surprises in the film) to playing her first concert in front of a skeptical crowd of locals. Director Ragnar Bragason does a remarkable job tracing this young woman's painful journey and rebirth into the person she was always meant to be.
Metalhead drifts effortlessly from tragic to darkly funny to uplifting, with a few sidebars into the downright terrifying. And the soundtrack of deep-cut metal classics is beautifully curated. This may be one of the films that, on the surface, you may not think is your glass of Brennivín, but I think most people will find something here to latch onto and go along for this powerful ride. The film opens today in Chicago for a weeklong run at Facets Cinémathèque.
With a small amount of experience as a film critic, I've noticed that when they're portrayed on film or television, there's certainly a stereotype. And the portrait of Victor Tellez (Rafael Spregelburd), a veteran Buenos Aires critic who has become the hopeless cynic of his small group of critic pals, isn't much of an improvement on this age-old type. He's slightly frumpy, with an apartment full of film-related books; he wears a professorial corduroy jacket, sports a greying beard and glasses. Naturally, he lives alone but has a broken relationship with a woman who might qualify as his part-time girlfriend.
So it's no surprise that when Sofia (the lovely Dolores Fonzi) enters his world, his life of going from screening to screening searching for a version of filmic perfection that he will never find, he suddenly opens himself up to the idea that he could live a happier, more well-rounded life. What's most amusing about The Film Critic (or El Critico), from first-time director Hernan Gerschuny, is how much Victor resists his life turning into a romantic comedy. Sofia is like a raven-haired Meg Ryan, and Victor responds to her almost in spite of himself. She's unpredictable, spontaneous and full of life — all of the things Victor is not. He hears swelling music when they kiss, and he actually contemplates the very real possibility of writing a romantic comedy screenplay for his brother-in-law. Even worse, he starts to allow sappy romance movies to get to him during screenings, something his fellow critics openly mock him for.
A Jury Award-Best Feature winner at the 2013 Sao Paulo International Film Festival, The Film Critic is a minor work that finds moments to soar when it finds itself caving to the tropes of Hollywood comedies, only to be ripped back from the brink by Victor's world-weary doubts that any of those clichés are possible. Fonzi is the real discovery here; I don't believe I've ever seen her in any Argentine films I've seen over the years, but I'll certainly seek her out. Sofia embodies the mysterious, secretive manic pixie dream girl type, who is very aware that Victor will respond to such a woman in a very particular, favorable way. The film may get a bit too meta for some on endure, but I thought its dissection of the romantic comedy genre was right on the money. The film opens today in Chicago at the Music Box Theatre.
A/C is the arts and culture section of Gapers Block, covering the many forms of expression on display in Chicago. More...
By Month January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008
Copyright ©2003-2018 Gapers Block & respective authors. All rights reserved. No content may be reproduced without the express permission of Gapers Block. This site is made shiny with Movable Type and housed with Media Temple. Thank you, dear reader, for supporting the site and reading.
Warning! This web page may contain links to one or more websites outside the PWCS network, which are not PWCS venues and may not reflect the views or opinions of PWCS. PWCS does not control the content of such websites and does not sponsor or endorse any messages, products, or services contained on such websites.
Source: Office of Governor James S. Gilmore, III, Press Office. World Congress on Information Technology Opening Remarks by Governor Jim Gilmore, June 22, 1998.
Thank you. On behalf of all Virginians, I welcome you to one of our finest educational institutions -- George Mason University -- the site of this eleventh World Congress on Information Technology.
Never before in history has a force brought about so much change, over so short a period of time, and across so broad a spectrum of society than has the information technology industry.
It has been just over fifty years since the world's first programmable computer became operational. It cost millions of dollars to build and processed an unprecedented 5,000 instructions per second. By 1971, Intel was able to pack 25 times that power into a single, two hundred-dollar chip. Today's personal computers process 400,000 instructions per second and if current trends continue, desktop-computing power will be at 100,000 million instructions per second by the year 2012.
The penetration of today's low-cost, high-powered computers into society, combined with the advent of more powerful telecommunications technologies has spawned the creation and rapid expansion of the most powerful communications medium in history -- the Internet.
No other medium has captured the world's attention as rapidly as the Internet. It took 38 years from the introduction of the radio for 50 million people to tune in. It took television 13 years and PCs 16 years to reach that same benchmark. The Internet reached 50 million people in less than four years.
And with sound policies like the Internet Tax Freedom Act, which I have supported, there is no stopping the rise of the Internet as the world's dominant marketplace and communications medium.
The growth of e-commerce via the Internet is indicative of the dramatic impact the entire information technology industry is having on the global economy. We have seen IT businesses rise to a dominant position throughout Virginia's economy. Virginia is home to more than 2500 technology businesses that employ more than a quarter million people who account for wages in excess of fourteen billion dollars. We project that by 2002 the technology sector will include as many as 4,000 businesses and 330,000 employees.
It is the growth of the technology sector that has fed Virginia's burgeoning economy. As Governor, I am deeply committed to supporting technology businesses and workers with sound economic policies and quality education. Part of that includes ensuring that state government itself is an efficient user of information and other advanced technologies.
Last month, I appointed Virginia's first Secretary of Technology -- Don Upson. Secretary of Technology Upson is the only cabinet-level officer in the nation to combine statewide IT management with broader technology responsibilities including economic development and workforce training. It is this kind of broad focus that will be required for Virginia to move forward as an information technology leader in the 21st century.
Your next conference will be held at the dawn of the 21st Century, the Third Millenium, and what history will recognize as the Age of Information. The technologies you produce and the services you provide will transform our lives in infinite and unimaginable ways. You are the leaders ... the revolutionaries who will bring this Age to us. I am proud to be here to salute you. Thank you for coming to Virginia.
an analysis of the many developments in social life and the constitution amounted to a revolution be
This guide provides instructions for installation, help on getting started and extensive documentation of features. It is recommended you read it thoroughly to fully leverage the Pray theme's capabilities. Please also make sure to check out our Video Tutorials as they explain everything covered in here in greater depth. We hope you enjoy building with Pray as much as we enjoyed developing it and continue to develop with new features!
Server requirements is one of the key factors for WordPress and Pray theme, it is highly recommended to use a server which supports the following requirements. We explain about WordPress, Pray, WooCommerce server requirements.
Pray support WooCommerce officially so it is best to make sure your server also supports this plugin requirements if you are going to set up a shop.To learn about the plugin server requirements, read the official article.
Before beginning the installation and configuring of your new theme, you must first have WordPress already installed on a server.
If you are struggling, here is a very detailed guide at Wordpress Codex that will walk you through every step.
Unzip the download and upload the theme directory /Pray/ into your WordPress themes directory /wp-content/themes/.
This is definitely the easier route for most. Simply navigate to Appearance > Themes > Add New > Upload Theme. Click the 'browse' button and locate the still zipped theme folder. The theme will be uploaded and installed in a matter of seconds.
After you have installed the theme successfully, you can optionally import the supplied dummy data in order to get a feel for things. If you're interested in importing the data, please check the Demo Data section below
Once you have installed and activated our theme you will be prompted to install required and recommended plugins. Just click the link to Begin installing plugins.
To help you set up website with the least efforts, we include in the theme package dummy content file. After installing it, all content seen on the live demo will be imported except for images/videos.
There are two methods you can use, one is using our One-click Importer, the other is Importing manually. To go with the former option, please follow the steps below:
3. You upload slider on the path wp-pray > inc > demo-data > demo-data > revslider > home1.zip. You need upload all sliders on here.
After installation, you will be suggested to install additional plugins. To install them and activate, please navigate to Plugins, you will see a list of required and optional plugins. We recommend that you install the following to get the best of our theme:
Create a responsive (mobile friendly) or fullwidth slider with must-see-effects and meanwhile keep or build your SEO optimization (all content always readable for search engines). See the heaps of custom transitions/animations for each object on the page!
Customize this slider with our convenient drag & drop backend to your very needs. This plugin features tons of unique transition effects, an image preloader, video embedding, autoplay that stops on user interaction and lots of easy to set options to create your own effects.
Flex Map is a wordpress map plugin that provides many features with different map types such as creating area mapping, polygone, polyline, circle, rectangle, single markers, street view markers.
With a simple visual map editor, It is extremely easy to make and place your map anywhere on your frontend wordpress site.
You can add different link types into your menu, these are split between panes left of the menu you're currently editing.
2. Within this pane, select the View All link to bring up a list of all the currently published Pages on your site.
4. Click the Add to Menu button located at the bottom of this pane to add your selection(s) to the menu that you created in the previous step.
When planning the structure of your menu, it helps to think of each menu item as a heading in a formal report document. In a formal report, main section headings (Level 1 headings) are the nearest to the left of the page; sub-section headings (Level 2 headings) are indented slightly further to the right; any other subordinate headings (Level 3, 4, etc) within the same section are indented even further to the right.
To make one menu item a subordinate of another, you need to position the 'child' underneath its 'parent' and then drag it slightly to the right.
2. In the section titled Theme locations, click the check box for the location where you want your menu to appear.
With the Page Options specially built for our themes, you can easily customize General, Header, Page Title and Footer of every page.
Portfolio and Pricing are created using Shortcodes. For more detailed instruction, please head to Shortcode > CMS Grid
2. Simply drag and drop the widget you want into the widgets section you want to the right hand side.
The options panel is home to all of the theme's extensive configuration options. To view the panel, click on Appearance > Pray Option in the left-hand menu. Here you have the ability to alter many core aspects that make up how your theme looks and behaves. Any of the options that have some ambiguity to them conviently have descriptions to explain their purpose.
With our built-in importer, you will be able to get your site ready in a flash. Simply select a layout and click Import now to start importing demo data.
This is one of most important sections for theme because this is what users see first. With our Theme Options, you will find various options to configure Header bellow:
You can select an image file in your library or upload a new file from your computer to set as logo. Follow the steps below to set up your logo:
3. If you already had the logo image in your media library, simply click on it, then choose Select at the bottom right. If not, switch to Upload files tab, then browse for the file in your computer. After it is uploaded to your library, click on it then Select.
Here you can turning on Boxed Layout will change all page layouts from full width to boxed. You can also customize the body's Background.
Not just color, all text elements are also within your control. You can define the style of Body font and H1 to H6 Headlines for yourself.
On this section, Pray theme had some available fonts for you. If you want to set a special font for a special class, you only need to insert your class into Selector section, and choose the font that you want on the Font dropdown box. Finally, you click Save changes and see your result, all completed.
Please create/paste custom css here. Make sure css is out of any errors/mistakes. Please always remember to click "Save Changes" button. Without that you will lose all your changes.
This section is especially for all those who want to move settings from theme options panel between themes or when you move your website from test server to live. Please always remember to click "Save Changes" button. Without that you will lose all your changes.
A shortcode selecting panel will show up, you can see all the shortcode available in the theme. Select the one you would like to use.
You will then encounter a setting panel for the shortcode (each shortcode has it own setting options), after a bit of configuration, it will show up nicely on your page.
3. Select a Category for posts on Categories section. Create more Category by clicking Add New Category.
3. Select a Category for your member. Create more Category by clicking Add New Category Testimonals.
3. Select a Category for member on Categories section. Create more Category by clicking Add New Category Team.
To translation the theme, i suggest you using Loco plugin. This plugin can help you do all things easy.
Our themes are optimized by with H1, H2, H3, H4, H5 tags, clean code, HTML5 but if you want to get higher ranking on search engines, you must need some help from SEO plugins and Google Pagespeed Service:
If you have any troubles while using auto update ( It is likely to be a permissions issue ) then you may want to manually update the theme via FTP or Cpanel.
The team at Farost are always happy to help you with any questions or recommendations you have about the Pray theme. If you need any help or support please contact us through the TF Messaging system or
How many nights perhaps you grooved towards tune of Flo Rida's 'Low'? So now those long nights at clubs, pubs and discs can all around. Shop for anything through dealsandyou for Rs.2000 and get a Flo Rida, Jay Sean and Ludacris live in concert ticket absolutely cost-free of charge.
The first organized promotional street team, the Kiss Army, was formed in Terre Haute, Indiana, in 1975. But, the Army was soon taken over by Kiss themselves once they realized how much of an asset that was for that band's marketing.
India is a land of music as well as the country embraces all regarding music from all of over earth. The youth in India is musically inclined and this is why world famous artists readily make their dates to be able to come here and perform for the masses. So, when FloRida Jay Sean and Ludacris come to India, for Champion's League 20-20 ; won't you need to be there and Accelerate to the coolest numbers? Deals and You gives you this offer to shop through them and get the concert ticket absolutely free. So guys and girls now may get shop an example would be do every now and again and would't need to think about saving from your shopping pay off the Concert Tickets. Shop from dealsandyou and let them sponsor the tickets Nas Tour free of cost FREE Cost-free!!
The Kravis Center - 701 Okeechobee Blvd., Boynton beach - is presenting Classic Pianist Di Wu. She won her first competition at age 6 and debuted more than Beijing Philharmonic at 13. Since then she has performed the actual day world along with won numerous awards and honors. This amazingly talented artist are playing this evening at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are only $30. She doesn't allow down south often so catch the show as can! Call 1-900-KRAVIS-1.
Send people FIRST onto your OWN website or splash page supplies them valuable information that need. Free valuable information that may be use be it a free report, free eCourse, free software application etc.
You talk to an old friend of yours, someone you haven't seen harmful ingredient. He invites you out for dinner and beers. At the end of the night, he insists on studying the tab: $200. You need to split the check, but he insists on paying out out.
While wedding plans can be extremely busy and even a little hectic, this doesn't imply you need to stress out about the bridesmaid giving. Remember to keep things easy and work on getting a thing will are great to the bridesmaids. Your bridesmaids will appreciate your energy.
A block starts out with a header and a single transaction to pay the.Was just wondering how long it would take on a processor thats 2.67 ghz, and a nvidia 9800gt graphics card.AMD cards are well known to have much higher hash rates than their Nvidia equivalents.
Why does transaction verification or confirmation take so long.Bitcoin Mining Hardware CPU Initially, mining with a CPU was the only path to mine bitcoins and was done using the initial Satoshi client.If your into solo mining it will take you for about 98 days, crazy right.
Could you please create a thread about bitcoin mining and pin it. It will eventually shorten the life of it due to the high strains the hash calculations put on it through constant use, thus making him lose even more money if he does this.
Learning how to mine Onecoin is simple and only involves a few clicks in your OneCoin back office.A Guide to Mining Bitcoin. computers around the world mine bitcoin,. the price; mining is a long-term investment and it will take at least one to two years...
Bitcoin refers to the Bitcoin network and technology, as opposed to a single bitcoin. if you mine long enough, you will strike gold (bitcoin rewards).We do draft our rate from a number of. debit services and financial services into a single system which is.
Its where you team up with a large group of like 20 people and with all of your computers you have a larger chance of getting them.
How long does it take to send or receive Bitcoins to my Remitano. fit into a single block, making it take a long.Bitcoin Mining GPU Performance Comparison. knowing diddly about bitcoins how long does it take to earn.
It may take quite a long. you will perhaps never see a single coin from.Become the best Bitcoin miner and learn how to mine Bitcoins with the best Bitcoin mining hardware,.Another reason for long confirmation times is that. either a single.I want to know how long it takes you to mine a coin. (If this question makes no sense its because i barley know what bitcoins is).
Cafe Noi Nyc Menu is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Comment Envoyer Pi Ef Bf Bdces Justificatives Ef Bf Bd La Caf is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Kava Cafe Near Me is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Machine Ef Bf Bd Caf Ef Bf Bd Nespresso Professional Cs Bloquee is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The shimmering light bounces off the road, blending car bodies into a swirling mirage. A demented Kaleidoscope of trunks and hubcaps, glittering, chrome trim and shocking electric mirror light. Reflections dance like lasers piercing the sky. We are inching forwards. 2.54 cm in the new money. Its trudging slow and the snaking traffic reaches out to the horizon. We are going no place fast. Its baking hot holiday sun cracking the roof paint and searing my optical nerves blind. The car is heavy loaded with people and their stuff. We could be sinking into the road like a melting black river of tar and cars. Who will ever know? “Hey!”, “We’re moving, look!”, says a voice from the backseat. We creep another 3.28984 feet forward; that’s 1 metre in the new money. Klunch!! Oonfp! And dead stop. R*******!!, P*****!!!, What the Hell!?
The driver in front gets out with a face raging thunder. He’s red fit to burst and sweating. I can see his lips moving but can’t hear a word. Windows are tight shut for the A/C. I open the door. The furnace heat blasts in. I must have connected fender to fender (or bumper to bumper for UK readers) It’s a fender bender folks. Time to check the damage. He’s shouting now and closing on me fast. Time to look concerned. It was my fault, right? “Hey, sorry about that. Lets have a look, okay?”
Nothing. Absolutely nothing, nada, not a scratch. We stand there, hands on hips, macho rulers of the ribbon of road that hopefully leads to holiday Shangri-la. Doing what tough men do – facing off over some insult to another man’s motor vehicle.
The world could end right now. An apocalyptic war of words with fists punching the sky is only seconds away. Only now, there is silent space between us. Nothing to complain about. Nothing to apologise for. Moon faces peer from air-conditioned windows at this roadside spectacle. A gladiator show. Some action, distraction.
“Hey mate”, “I’m packing some fresh made spicy tomato sauce in the car – home made fresh this morning. Big juicy flavour made with chipotle pepper guaranteed to make anyone’s day a better place. Great for burgers or roasted potatoes, fish, chicken, veggies – almost anything. Will ya take a bottle as my apology? And no harm done”
Relief breaks across his face. We don’t have to bear bait or hog trap or fisticuffs the moment. The sky will not fall or the planet break in two. Spicy tomato sauce gives us another way out. “Well,,,, yeah, sure, okay, that’ll be nice”, he says.
Fantastic book by Charles Carfagno Jr. – Fast action, solid writing, snappy dialogue, and totally enjoyable. Prepare to be transferred into a magic world of extraordinary characters and events. Great Book Demons are emerging from the underworld to stake their claim on humanity. Battle lines...
Elite Business Ads uncovered a fantastic book by Robert Marsh – shedding a dark light on the demons inside of us. Walk into the inner mind and find out the dormant person living inside of you. Read stories that will keep you glued to this...
A New Amazon Fire Phone, 32GB (AT&T) A Smartphone With a Dynamic Perspective Make an experience of a mobile interactions that are not possible on other smartphones. You can choose any action to tilt, auto-scroll, swivel, and peek to navigate menus, as well as to...
vintage honda cb750 motorcycle parts oe style honda and other makes electrical harness wire (orange white)
all metal coffee maker | automatic coffee maker 14 cup | 3 in 1 coffee maker | 5 cup coffee maker with grinder
The illy name is most often associated with their coffee, but they also make capsule-style machines for convenient home brewing. This model takes less space than the similar Y3 model, but still has features that coffee lovers look for. It brews standard drip coffee, and it makes espresso with 19 bars of pressure. No matter what you’re brewing, you can choose your brew strength, water temperature, and cup size, for the perfect cup every time.
If you push the 54mm stainless steel portafilter into the hands-free grinding cradle, the grounds will go right into the filter. The grinder shuts off when it's done, too, so you don't have to worry about figuring out if you've got the right amount. Finally, the included 54mm tamper ensures that your grounds are evenly pressed, so you get the most out of your beans.
“So simple and easy to use. I’ve had the older version for ten years, tested out and researched so many to try something different only to return to this one, and I have no regrets. I LOVE IT! Most coffee makers put out a lot of steam at the top, which is unfortunate when stored under a cabinet. This has zero steam on top of the coffee maker. Also, most water reservoirs have a lid that flips open, which is also inconvenient when stored under a cabinet. This lid slides side to side, and brews a whole pot of coffee in about three minutes. Very convenient for busy, on-the-go, impatient people like me.”
Cuisinart kicks premium coffee making up a notch with two new coffee bar quality brewers that deliver gourmet, coffee-bar quality flavor! This precision brewing technique provides superior flavor extraction, and has earned these coffeemakers the respected SCAA Home Brewer Certification. Fully electric operation pre-wets grounds before brewing to let the flavor “bloom”. Users enjoy the superior coffee taste produced by manual brewers without the work. Temperature and strength let users...
The K-Select combines sleek design and simple button controls to help you brew your perfect cup every time. For coffee lovers that enjoy a bold brew, the Strong Brew button increases coffee's strength and intensity and the 52-ounce water reservoir means you can brew 5 cups before refilling. Four cup sizes allow you to make 6, 8, 10, or 12 ounces of your favorite beverages in under a minute, while the Quiet Brew Technology feature minimizes noise during use. Just pop in a pod and select your...
Programmable coffee makers exist to make the brewing process as painless as possible. Outside of maybe grinding your coffee beans, the drip coffee system will use optimal water temperatures of around 205 degrees Fahrenheit or 96.11 degrees Celsius for maximum extraction of the ground coffee beans. The best automatic coffee maker will seamlessly reach this temperature within minutes of the brewing process.
No matter how you choose to make your coffee, at Seattle Coffee Gear we have a coffee maker for you. In our continually-updated inventory, you’ll find options ranging from fully-automated coffee makers to hands-on manual control options and everything in between. You’ll also find that our available coffee makers are designed and manufactured by some of the industry’s top brands, including Bonavita, Capresso, Technivorm and more. Browse our site for a a fine selection of drip coffee brewers to make your next cup of coffee your very best cup of coffee.
“This is the same coffee maker that I bought years ago. And it’s even the same price. Yep — they do still make things like they used to. And they last forever. It’s super simple, super reliable, compact, and cheap. There are a lot of places where we can spend money, but a simple cup of coffee doesn’t have to be one of them. Once you get the amount of water and coffee figured out to your taste — simply do that. No K-cup, nothing to recycle, fits the car cup holder. And the coffee stays hot in the mug.”
“I purchased the machine for myself as a birthday present, and I’ve had it for about six weeks. We have a Pavoni espresso machine, which my husband loves for his espressos, but I think it’s a pain for making lattes: grinding the beans, tamping down the pod, ‘pulling’ the lever (which will be really hard if you tamp it too densely), steaming the milk, and then cleaning the steaming wand, not to mention what a pain it is to refill the water chamber (turn off, wait till pressure is gone, then you can refill). Why am I listing all of these steps? Because that’s what you don’t have to worry about with the Lattissima! Here are my steps now: Turn on the machine, get the milk container out of the fridge and plug it into the front, put an espresso capsule in the top, stick a mug under the spout, and push the Latte button. Done. You do need to clean the frother, which is just putting another cup under the spout, turn the milk to “clean” and let it clean, then you can remove the milk container and stick it in the fridge. I clean the milk container once a week, soaking all the pieces in a bowl of hot, soapy water for a few hours.”
Our top pick is the OXO On 12-Cup Coffee Brewing System. It’s a large machine – both in footprint and in capacity — but it earned the second-highest scores in our taste test, and is sleek both to look at and to operate. Convenient features like programmable auto-brewing, a removable water reservoir that doubles as a kettle, and a spigot that stops the brew mid-stream if you remove the carafe make this machine feel high tech without being high maintenance. For those who want to be a little more hands-on with the brewing process, its single-button dial also lets you adjust the water’s brewing temperature, giving you more access to experiment with extraction and flavor.
One of the most recognizable and best-selling K-Classic™ K55 Single-Serve K-Cup Pod Coffee Maker, the product blends original design and outstanding features into one popular package. The K-Classic™ coffee maker brews a delicious cup in under a minute at the touch of a button. With hundreds of delicious K-Cup® pod varieties – coffee, tea, hot cocoa, and iced beverages, there’s something for everyone to enjoy. Choose from multiple brew sizes – 6, 8, and 10 oz. – to create your...
The next is the machine’s auto-pause. If you remove the carafe before your full pot is done brewing, the flow will stop until the carafe goes back in. It’s not a perfect system. There are a few inevitable drips that add an extra step to clean-up, and if the water is held up in the brew basket for too long, it increases the chance of over-extraction. But if you want a great first cup to sip on while the rest of your pot is brewing, you’ll get it in a much more satisfying time frame.
Clean the inside of your machine by running water through it. Each machine will have a slightly different process, and some manufacturers provide tips and suggestions in user manuals. CoffeeLounge and other suggest mixing 2 oz. of vinegar in 20 oz. of water every now and then to clean out the machine even more thoroughly. After you use vinegar, though, be sure to rinse it three times with water to avoid any lingering vinegar taste in your next espresso.
In France, in about 1710, the Infusion brewing process was introduced. This involved submersing the ground coffee, usually enclosed in a linen bag, in hot water and letting it steep or "infuse" until the desired strength brew was achieved. Nevertheless, throughout the 19th and even the early 20th centuries, it was considered adequate to add ground coffee to hot water in a pot or pan, boil it until it smelled right, and pour the brew into a cup.
Coffeemakers or coffee machines are cooking appliances used to brew coffee. While there are many different types of coffeemakers using a number of different brewing principles, in the most common devices, coffee grounds are placed in a paper or metal filter inside a funnel, which is set over a glass or ceramic coffee pot, a cooking pot in the kettle family. Cold water is poured into a separate chamber, which is then heated up to the boiling point, and directed into the funnel. This is also called automatic drip-brew.
In later years, coffeemakers began to adopt more standardized forms commensurate with a large increase in the scale of production required to meet postwar consumer demand. Plastics and composite materials began to replace metal, particularly with the advent of newer electric drip coffeemakers in the 1970s. During the 1990s, consumer demand for more attractive appliances to complement expensive modern kitchens resulted in a new wave of redesigned coffeemakers in a wider range of available colors and styles.
You are pre-ordering a product that has not yet been manufactured. If you order today, it will be scheduled for shipment in 6 months or more. We've described Spinn as accurately as we can, but we may need to make changes to the final product. (If that happens, we'll let you know.) We’ll process your payment immediately, but you can get a complete refund, including shipping, at any time before your Spinn is shipped. By ordering you also agree to our Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Middle eastern single men seeking women - personal ads and photos. Meet single christian women in clemons sign up now and start flirting with single christian women in clemons middle eastern single women in clemons. Middle eastern dating site free online dating is an effective and promising way to meet middle eastern singles for love and friendship register free at cupid, chat to singles and find your.
Where single middle east christians meet middeeastchristianscom is a friendly christian online meeting place for single middle east christians irrespective. :: 04:04 belle mccants :: mc callsburg, iowa :: (518) people are cool when they're gutsy, doesn't matter if they're men or women. Full text of duluth evening herald see other formats.
Toni and guy has built a reputation as a leader in the hairdressing industry what began 40 years ago as a single, small salon in london has evolved into a worldwide brand synonymous with. Best of iowa iowa cities please select a city in iowa to view local top-ranked businesses in each category. Modern middle eastern women and their rising impact on society middle eastern women are viewed in the west as women who do or are not allowed to men the idea.
Classifiedscom dating site was made with you in mind whether you're interested in finding friends, dating or meeting your mate, this is a great way to meet new people. Single gay middle eastern men interested in middle eastern dating looking for gay middle eastern men check out the the profiles below to find your perfect partner. Urbandale, iowa, hgh clinics, hgh injections, hormone treatment protocols and hrt doctors 50154 story mc callsburg iowa ::. Single middle eastern men - if you are looking for interesting relationships, we recommend you to become member of this dating site, because members of this site looking for many different.
Single middle eastern men and women are waiting for you meet east indian, arab and other singles who want to meet a new friend, lover or long term partner join us now and create your free. Hello,i read your new stuff named “the 6 annoying dating habits of middle eastern men” on a regular basisyour humoristic style is awesome,. The legal status of women in the modern middle east has in the different middle eastern women in the middle east, equality with men and personal. Iowa, hgh clinic services, hgh injections, hrt doctors, secratatropin hgh for sale, buy hgh injections united states.
We offer you a great opportunity to meet arab singles today, meet arab singles from across the middle east and find your heart's companion today single arab men. Please note these merengue musicians haverhill, melbourne, garwin, green mountain, hubbard, ferguson, holland, mc callsburg as well as middle eastern. Evening times-republican, may 16, 1902, image 8 about evening times-republican (marshalltown, iowa) 1890-1923 image provided by: state historical society of iowa.
Ghivece de flori moderne, galerie foto din categoria gradina ghiveci flori pentru interior si exterior. Ames daily tribune from ames, iowa former mc- callsburg resident and a brother of mrs i don't permit a single sharp top leaf nor a single coarse bottom leaf. Truck accident and crash report database in but i wasn't about to splash in on the two men who came [] jun 19, 2018 mc callsburg: mc causland: mc. Looking for middle eastern dating connect with middle easterners worldwide at lovehabibi - the online meeting place for middle east dating.
Meet singles in story county interested in meeting new people to date on zoosk mc callsburg haley 19, ames cyclonede middle eastern singles in story county. Black hawk county, iowa accident report, several rivers in north central and eastern iowa are in flood stage or action stage after a mc callsburg: mc causland. Are you searching for a services offered by legitimate companies from usa you are at the right place, search butobu database which contains thousands business entities.
51 Prettier Stocks Of White Styrene Sheets – Welcome to my personal blog, in this occasion I’m going to provide you with in relation to white styrene sheets. white styrene sheet plastics & rubber this white styrene sheet may be bonded and painted plain sheets from evergreen scale models nearly any type of weathering can […]
Forge Media is a volunteer run media outlet within the University of Sheffield’s Students Union. Founded in 2008 after the merger of Forge Radio and Steel Press, Forge Media now incorporates the three main outlets of Press, Radio and TV. We are made up of 75 committee members and over 500 contributing members across the three.
Make your mark and impress your friends by creating a glimpse they'll enjoy. Our variety of outdoor extras will acquire your outdoor parts from easy to easily astounding, incorporating a contact of sophistication or enjoyment without frustrating the senses.
Choose between outdoor cushions, aspect tables, and umbrellas. It doesn't matter how you do up your deck or patio, these equipment give extra than simply a trendy search – they are going to also enhance your General convenience and really feel!
Sydney is a metropolis blessed with ample great weather for most of the calendar year, so It can be no wonder we like to take pleasure in our outdoor time as generally as you possibly can. Lavita helps you make this happen by supplying the largest and many stunning selection of luxury outdoor furniture in Sydney.
No matter if you do have a big, roomy deck or a picturesque balcony, we have the ideal piece that can assist you sit back in luxury.
Should you be looking for the proper patio set for some R&R or for entertaining attendees, glimpse to Lowe's and our good selection of outdoor patio furniture and backyard furniture, which includes outdoor sectionals, bistro and smaller House patio sets, wicker furniture, rattan furniture, patio sets, pool furniture and back garden benches. Guard your patio through the harsh summer months Sunshine with lovely flowering vines on your own patio trellis. Gazebos and pergolas in various models and resources produce a graceful focus in any property. Porch swings and gliders and rocking chairs carry you thru this link seasons very easily. While in the garden, below a tree, around the porch, or by the fire pit, Adirondack chairs are ideal for lounging about any place. Provide the celebration outside with the outdoor bar and outdoor bar stools. Grill up a Resources storm with an electric patio grill.
In search of an outdoor lounge, chair, or daybed for your Place? Our massive assortment of seating and sunlounges is certain to impress, and you may official site appreciate the clever kinds and selection of choices out there.
Much more Areas You'll be able to transform it higher than right now, or at any time using the 'Your Store' solution located wicker outdoor furniture at the best of every webpage for your convienience.
We offer a 5 yr structural assurance with backyard garden furniture sets. Find out more concerning this assure here.
This summer months, the again doorway contributes to the best desk in town. Cozy seating, temper-setting lanterns and many textiles preserve dinner likely way earlier the dessert.
To get going, enter the email handle which you click resources used to setup the account and the Member ID that you choose to produced in The shop.
YES! As an additional gain, you can get No cost worth transport on a sizable collection of non-qualified Transport
Continue to, don't Enable an absence of resources quit you: You can build your own private outdoor sofa in each day for less than $100 in supplies. Here is how.
Remember to check with your local keep for pricing, availability and most recent delivers. Pricing appearing presently can not be redeemed instore or online. Check out your local keep for details.
Make your mark and impress your friends by making a appear they're going to enjoy. Our variety of outdoor equipment will choose your outdoor parts from straightforward to easily amazing, introducing a touch of sophistication or enjoyable without having too much to handle the senses.
Shared Attention between Infants and Parents During Play Can Extend Child's Attention Span | Global Child Development Group
A new study released in the journal Current Biology, has found that the attention span of a child can be expanded when the parent and child experience joint-attention moments during play. The researchers Chen Yu and LB Smith, were surprised to discover that parents who were more active and engaged during play with their 1 year-old child, were able to have a real-time impact on the child's attention span. The study is novel as attention-span has always been viewed as an innate feature of an individual, something individualistic that you are born with. However, the results of the study suggest that it is possible to train children as young as one year old to increase their attention span.
To read the full article and to find out how you can take help to improve your child's cognitive development please click the link below.
Global Conservation is funding critical Global Park Defense technologies, systems and training needed to effectively protect over 1 million acres from illegal logging, wildlife poaching and illegal hunting.
Working with Wildlife Alliance and the Ministries of Environment and Forestry of Cambodia, Global Conservation is deploying new technologies including Vulcan Domain Awareness System (DAS), cellular trailcams, aerial surveillance and targeted ranger patrols for increasing the effectiveness of forest and wildlife protection across Core Wildlife Areas of the over 1 million acres new Cardamoms National Park.
Cambodia faces some of the highest deforestation rates of any country in the world, made even more apparent by the recent Environmental Investigation Agency (EIA) report that corrupt government officials and military personnel in Vietnam are complicit in smuggling huge quantities of illegal timber from Cambodia.
Cardamoms National Park was gazetted and received legal protection on May 9, 2016, thus protecting one of Southeast Asia’s last great rainforests from further industrial development.
Drastic increases in wildlife snaring, use of hunting dogs, night lights, nets and guns are pushing biodiversity limits, driven by higher demand from Chinese consumers in industrial companies, hotels, restaurants mushrooming around the park.
More than ever, strong ranger protection on the ground is a necessity. Global Park Defense is now needed in order to keep the rainforest canopy from being cleared and prevent the precious wildlife from being wiped out.
Field-based park and wildlife protection makes the difference between a wildlife sanctuary and an empty forest and ‘paper park’.
In the past ten years, over 40 private companies have attempted to claim land ownership of the Southern Cardamom rainforest land for their industrial projects. These companies in turn influenced government departments to lean toward forest conversion for economic development, rather than permanent conservation of the Southern Cardamoms for carbon sales.
Given the increased threats to most Protected Areas in the developing world today, Global Conservation’s support of Global Park Defense systems and technologies for the Cardamoms National Park will provide the much-needed role-model for other conservation groups and government departments located in threatened biodiverse regions.
Global Park Defense is an integrated program of technology, systems and training to move from random patrolling to targeted patrolling over large area of dense forests and jungles integrating:
In the Cardamoms National Park, each of the six ranger stations has 14 men, including 2 judicial police officers in charge of legal fines and court cases, 10 Royale Gendarmerie officers in charge of law enforcement and security, and 2 Wildlife Alliance staff.
Wildlife Alliance staff are critical to deploying technology and systems for Global Park Defense, good governance, training and capacity building, patrol monitoring, receiving intelligence from informant network for effective ambushes, patrol itinerary GPS mapping, wildlife rescue and care, station/budget management, equipment maintenance, interfacing with local authorities, monitoring forest canopy for illegal logging and clearings through aerial surveys, and case reporting and monthly reporting.
Ranger teams are dispatched into 2 units, alpha and bravo, that patrol simultaneously on river, roads and in the forest by foot, boats, and motorbikes and pick-up trucks for main transportation axis, bringing offenders to the court, transporting seized wildlife, snares, illegal timber, chainsaws and other contraband back to the station.
Each year, rangers conduct thousands of patrols, removing snares and rescuing live wildlife, seizing guns and chainsaws, and stopping land encroachment placing thousands of metal signs in illegal clearings, returning regularly to prevent plantations and constructions.
Wildlife Alliance is one of Asia’s most effective NGOs on the ground as a technical partner to the Cambodian government in the Cardamoms since 2002, going to battle to keep this rainforest standing by stopping private companies who were seeking permits to convert the area into large-scale industrial exploitation (titanium strip-mining, pulp and paper, palm oil).
The Cardamom Range constitutes the most important forest watershed in Cambodia and provides water for 22 major waterways that are integral to the health of local wildlife and surrounding ecosystems. Receiving upwards of 170 inches of rain annually, the range also plays a key role in regulating the entire region’s climate. The further uncontrolled development of plantations can cause irreversible damage to the Cardamom’s water catchment capabilities and lead to the desiccation of wetlands and the sinking of underground water tables. In turn, lowered water levels would have major negative impacts on inland and coastal marine fisheries and agricultural livelihoods.
As a result of the ongoing presence of Wildlife Alliance in the landscape, the Cardamom Rainforest remains intact forming one of tropical Asia’s great forested landscapes. This is in contrast to elsewhere in Cambodia and Indochina where the forest is being degraded and cleared into fragmented islands.
The Cardamoms forms one of Asia’s last un-fragmented elephant corridors, and is a biodiversity gem with over 2,000 species of plants and more than 50 globally Redlisted species of vertebrates including critically endangered Sunda pangolin, Siamese crocodile, Royal turtle, endangered Asian elephant, pileated gibbon and dhole and vulnerable Malaysian sun and Asiatic black bears, gaur, clouded leopard, hog badger and otters.
Wildlife Alliance is implementing a comprehensive conservation model that combines law enforcement, reforestation, zoning and demarcation, and community education. By partnering with Cambodia’s Forestry Administration to create the Protected Forest, Wildlife Alliance is building upon a 15-year collaboration with the agency.
Thirteen rural communities surround the perimeter of the Cardamoms National Park and Wildlife Alliance supports these villages to develop community-led organizations, community ecotourism, community rangers, and environmental education. These programs have already substantially raised the standard of living for participating communities.
Wildlife Alliance’s work with local communities has also increased local awareness of environmental threats. Because rainforests serve as critical resources for non-timber products and water supplies, residents view these forests as essential assets needed to support their livelihoods. Consequently, local people have demonstrated opposition to the entry of large-scale corporations and plantations.
Our first year deploying Global Park Defense in Cambodia sees great progress to stop illegal land clearing led by the Wildlife Alliance team, while wildlife poaching and illegal logging remain a constant challenge
Your support is critical to the success of our work. Join us and help save endangered national parks with the last intact primary forests and wildlife habitats.
The content of this website is for general information purposes only and does not purport to provide comprehensive full legal or other advice. Global Legal Group Ltd. and the contributors accept no responsibility for losses that may arise from reliance upon information contained herein. This material is intended to give an indication of legal issues upon which you may need advice. Full legal advice should be taken from a qualified professional when dealing with specific situations. Please see our terms and conditions page for further details.
This is a very important question which tends to put Foroyaa on the spot. It is however correct that GRTS is a public institution. It can be put to check by an active public. One does not even need to go to court.
No public institution or officer has a right to discriminate anyone and the office of the Ombudsman is established to address any such discrimination with speed. This is why such an oversight institution was established.
The media is also given the responsibility to hold the government accountable by section 207 of the Constitution which states,
“The press and other information media shall at all times, be free to uphold the principles, provisions and objectives of this Constitution, and the responsibil­ity and accountability of the Government to the people of The Gambia.”
So GRTS is still accountable to the public and Foroyaa will try to interview both the Director General and the Minister of Information to get their opinion on the issue of presentation of divergent political views on state media.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (132) October 2018 (279) September 2018 (215) August 2018 (176) July 2018 (283) June 2018 (263) May 2018 (234) April 2018 (197) March 2018 (230) February 2018 (190) January 2018 (218) December 2017 (203) November 2017 (247) October 2017 (200) September 2017 (256) August 2017 (262) July 2017 (219) June 2017 (149) May 2017 (162) April 2017 (182) March 2017 (167) February 2017 (203) January 2017 (231) December 2016 (200) November 2016 (208) October 2016 (179) September 2016 (158) August 2016 (198) July 2016 (153) June 2016 (125) May 2016 (180) April 2016 (203) March 2016 (140) February 2016 (158) January 2016 (172) December 2015 (157) November 2015 (214) October 2015 (173) September 2015 (189) August 2015 (223) July 2015 (172) June 2015 (216) May 2015 (180) April 2015 (210) March 2015 (217) February 2015 (177) January 2015 (213) December 2014 (183) November 2014 (170) October 2014 (217) September 2014 (162) August 2014 (184) July 2014 (153) June 2014 (68)
FOROYAA Newspaper is your premier Gambian community portal delivering news on politics, legal affairs and more. We provide you with the latest breaking news and videos straight from The Gambia and the rest of the world.
An estimated 36 million people are blind worldwide and 253 million more are visually impaired, but these numbers could triple by 2050 due to the world’s growing and ageing population.
Yet with sufficient investment, 75% of blindness and visual impairment could be cured or prevented. The main uncorrected causes are refractive errors, which affect at least 123 million people, and cataracts, which affect 65 million.
The world’s poorest countries in Asia and sub-Saharan Africa are particularly badly hit. In Africa, almost half of pupils in schools for blind people merely need a pair of spectacles, according to the International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness.
An outdoor exhibition of photographs is on show in London as part of the Million Miracles appeal, which aims to restore the sight of a million people across Africa and Asia. Photographer Andrew McConnell documents the successes of a scheme in Pakistan
Kausar Shaheen looks closely at coins to identify them, at her chapati bakery in Manhiala, Chakwal district, Pakistan. Kausar suffers from cataracts in both eyes that severely restrict her vision – she struggles with daily tasks
Kausar shares a joke with her husband, Shauket Ali. Four days before this picture was taken, Kausar had an operation to remove a cataract from her right eye; now she wears sunglasses to protect the eye from bright light. Even at this early stage she is already able to do tasks that she would have struggled with before the operation
Ghulum Murtaza, 30, pictured at his home in Dhadda Kharu, near Pindi Bhaddian, northern Pakistan. Ghulum suffers from bilateral cataracts and was forced to leave his job in Saudi Arabia and return home because of his poor vision
Murtaza stands by while his brother operates a wood saw at their shared home. Ghulum used to work alongside his brother at their woodcutting business but his eyesight is now too poor for such tasks
Murtaza with his wife, Faiza Riaz, 19. Two days earlier, Murtaza had an operation to remove the cataract in his right eye
Zamurrad Bibi, 55, before her cataract operation, pictured at her home in Awan town, Rawalpindi district, Punjab
Zamurrad walks to the market with the help of her daughter Rania, and husband, Tariq. Zamurrad has cataracts in both eyes and struggles to go out unaided
Zamurrad stands in the kitchen while her husband cooks a meal. She used to cook all the family meals but is no longer able to do so because of her cataracts
Zamurrad has her bandage removed a day after her cataract operation, watched by Rania and Ramsha, at the Layton Rahmatulla Benevolent Trust Hospital in Mandra
Zamurrad knits alongside Rania and Ramsha. After having the first of two operations to remove cataracts from both her eyes, Zamurrad’s vision has greatly improved and she can now do many tasks that had been impossible before. The Million Miracles exhibition of photographs in London runs until 31 October
All societies have to deal with contradictions as it is part of human existence. But only those societies are able to grow and prosper...
Our office will be closed over the Christmas and New Year Holidays from 9 December 2016 and re-open 16 January 2017. If you do need to get hold of us urgently during this time, please contact Michael Swain at michael.swain@forsa.org.za.
american government:? political change and institutional development 9th edition cal jillson torrent
teal colored living room furniture living room without sofa traditional living room wall colors living room themes teal teal brown living room furniture.
The European Maid Co. is a small, family owned maid company that has been providing exceptional maid services in Los Angeles and Santa Monica for over twenty-six years. Throughout the years, we have grown to maintain a history of satisfied clients as well as maintain remarkable working relationships for both residential (home) and commercial (office) cleaning. With these two important key factors, we are trusted and cherished by every customer we clean for.
The European Maid Company strives to meet every client's expectations, without limitations. What makes our cleaning company different from other house cleaning services is one vital factor: the worker. With one, continuous maid cleaning for each customer week after week, both the customer and worker's bond strengthens. You'll get the personal attention-to-detail you deserve to ensure precision, accuracy, promptness, and neat work when cleaning your house or office.
The European Maid Co. has undoubtedly flourished to be a loyal, dependable and reliable maid service over the years. We reside in Santa Monica, California and serve the greater Los Angeles area, for both residential and commercial properties. Since we are a locally owned business in Santa Monica, you can be sure that you always be treated with respect and personalized maid service at a fair price.
Our service categories include house cleaning, home cleaning, house keeping, maid service and office cleaning. We service the Los Angeles, Ca and Santa Monica, Ca areas.
We look forward to meeting you and it would be our pleasure to make your home or office a better place.
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into [...]
If you would liike to volunteer for a 2nd 3-hour shift (eg. volunteer for 6 hours in total), please select your 2nd task here.
If you would like to volunteer for a 2nd (extra) 3-hour shift, please click this drop-down menu to select a 2nd task.Bible Storytelling - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9.30am-12:30pmBible Storytelling - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3.30pm Carparking - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9am-12pm Carparking - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12pm-3pm Catering - BBQ Preparation - Sat 31st March 2018, 10am-1pm Catering - BBQ - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9am-12:30pm Catering - BBQ - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3.30pm Catering - Donuts (NO Prior Experience) - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9.30am-12:30pm Catering - Donuts (NO Prior Experience) - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3.30pm Catering - Donuts (Prior Experience) - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9.30am-12:30pm Catering - Donuts (Prior Experience) - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3pm Catering - Drinks - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9.30am-12:30pm Catering - Drinks - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3.30pm Catering - Fairy Floss (NO Prior Experience) - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9.30am-12.30pm Catering - Fairy Floss (NO Prior Experience) - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12.30pm-3.30pm Catering - Fairy Floss (Prior Experience) - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9.30am-12.30pm Catering - Fairy Floss (Prior Experience) - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3.30pm Catering - Food preparation - Sat 31st March 2018, any time from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm Catering - Sandwiches - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9am-12:30pm Catering - Sandwiches - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3.30pm Catering - Serving Apples - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9.30am-12:30pm Catering - Serving Apples - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3.30pm Catering - Stir Fry - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9am-12:30pm Catering - Stir Fry - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3.30pm Catering - Tea & Coffee - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9.30am-12:30pm Catering - Tea & Coffee - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3.30pm Childrens - Cosplaying (Dress Up as Character) - Mon 2nd April 2018, 10am-12.30pm Childrens - Cosplaying (Dress Up as Character) - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12.30pm-3.00pm Cleaning - Rubbish Bins & Toilets - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9.30am-1pm Cleaning - Rubbish Bins & Toilets - Mon 2nd April 2018, 1pm-4pm Creation Ministries Marquee 2018 Crosses - Setup - Sat 31st March 2018, 3pm-5pm Crosses - Packup - Mon 2nd April 2018, 3pm-5pm Electrician 2018 Entertainment - not on Stage 2018 Entertainment - on Stage 2018 Evangelism - Mon 2nd April 2018, 10am-12:30pm Evangelism - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3pm Healing Room Prayer Tent - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9am-3pm Lost Property / Lost Children - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9.30am-12:30pm Lost Property / Lost Children - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12:30pm-3pm Media - Eg. Photography / Video - Mon 2nd April 2018, 10am-12:30pm Normal Christian Life / Glory City Supernatural 2018 Packup - Mon 2nd April 2018, 3pm-7pm Packup - Mon 2nd April 2018, 7pm-10pm Security - Sat 31st March 2018, 6pm-6am Security - Sun 1st April 2018, 6pm-6am Security - Mon 2nd April 2018, 10am-1pm Security - Mon 2nd April 2018, 1pm-4pm Setup - Sat 31st March 2018, 8am-2pm Setup - Sun 1st April 2018, 10am-2pm Setup - Mon 2nd April 2018, 7am-10am Site Management 2018 Sound Engineer 2018 Tent of Hope - Mon 2nd April 2018, 10am-12.30pm Tent of Hope - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12.30pm-3pm Time Out Tent - Mon 2nd April 2018, 10am-12.30pm Time Out Tent - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12.30pm-3pm Volunteer Registration Desk - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9am-12pm Volunteer Registration Desk - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12pm-3pm Volunteer Support Services - Mon 2nd April 2018, 9am-12pm Volunteer Support Services - Mon 2nd April 2018, 12pm-3pmOther Task Not Listed Above (Please specify below in "Other Task") Invalid Input
Please tick the box below to confirm you have read and agree to abide by the safety requirements as stipulated in the document "Redlands Easter Family Festival Safety Management Plan".
I agree to abide by the instructions outlined in document "Redlands Easter Family Festival Safety Management Plan". Invalid Input
After clicking "Submit", you will receive an email confirming your registration for volunteering. May God bless you greatly for serving Jesus in this way, and we look forward to seeing you at Redlands Easter Family Festival 2018 :).
M: : 0411 722 548 or 0423 179 142 | This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Machinery Moving & Millwrighting We pick up your machines (no matter the size) and move them to their desired location.
Plant Relocation We understand that a plant relocation is a large undertaking, and stressful for our clients.
Specialized Transportation We provide truckload, LTL, over-dimensional and multi-load services, as well as pickup and delivery of overseas shipments.
Warehousing At Redmond and Associates we realize that our clients all have unique warehousing needs and we are able to work with them to provide the best and most economical storage options for them.
Auction Removal Services We know that machinery removal from auction sites can cause a high amount of stress for both the buyers and the sellers.
You may contribute by giving money on Paypal. Please add a note with your username so that I can add you to the Donators list :)
The information presented on this site about Android:Netrunner, both literal and graphical, is copyrighted by Fantasy Flight Games and/or Wizards of the Coast.
This website is not produced, endorsed, supported, or affiliated with Fantasy Flight Games and/or Wizards of the Coast.
With the support of the old rF crew at trackmaking, battles will be intense on 2018 replica supercross tracks.
This year also introduce some new features such as a new scoring system, a different format for 3 races in the year, 250 class is now divided in 2 coasts...
450 Pro (including all 450 4stroke bikes, only 2013 to 2018 dynos for 4strokes, only "Pro" licences)
250 West Pro (including all 125 2stroke, 250 4stroke and 250 2stroke bikes, only 2013 to 2018 dynos for 4strokes, only "Pro" and "A" licences)
250 East Pro (including all 125 2stroke, 250 4stroke and 250 2stroke bikes, only 2013 to 2018 dynos for 4strokes, only "Pro" and "A" licences)
Consolation Race mixed 450/250 (for the guys outside the top 40 in qualifying, between 40th & 51th laptimes for each class)
450 Amat (including all 450 4stroke bikes, only 2013 to 2018 dynos for 4strokes, only "A" and "B" licences)
250 West Amat (including all 125 2stroke, 250 4stroke and 250 2stroke bikes, only 2013 to 2018 dynos for 4strokes, only "B" and "Amat" licences)
250 East Amat (including all 125 2stroke, 250 4stroke and 250 2stroke bikes, only 2013 to 2018 dynos for 4strokes, only "B" and "Amat" licences)
250 Novice (including all 125 2stroke, 250 4stroke and 250 2stroke bikes, only 2013 to 2018 dynos for 4strokes, only "Amat" licence, novice level racers only [you will be bumped if you exceed what we determine is Novice skill level], free class)
These series are tied together. Riders who participate in the pro event ARE NOT allowed to race the amateur event for that week.
To race theses series you have to get the following pass (will be available at the release of the website) :
- Top 40 laptimes qualify to night show (UID Grab will take the 40 first laptimes of players who are presents on the server, so if you're qualify 45th, you still
- Between 40th & 51th laptimes in Pro classes only have a chance to race the consolation race if they show up for the uid grab.
- To determinate an overall winner from the 3 main events, an olympic scoring will be used. The overall winner will take the 26pts in the serie championship.
- Top 20 laptimes/coast qualify to night show (UID Grab will take the 20 first laptimes of players who are presents on the server, so if you're qualify 25th, you still
09:05pm/09:15pm EST : Consolation race - mixed 250/450 - 8mn + 1 lap - for the guys outside the top 40 in qualifying
09:05pm/09:15pm CET : Consolation race - mixed 250/450 - 8mn + 1 lap - for the guys outside the top 40 in qualifying
Check EMF 2018 rules here. A good practice would be to look at the rules before the start of each race.
- The 107% rule : if your laptime is below 107% of the best laptime in 250Am of your region, you'll be bumped in "B" licence.
- If you scored points in the past official series (rF or EMF) in Novice class or upper, you'll be bumped in "B" licence.
- If we consider that the skill you show during the Novice races exceed what we determine is Novice skill level, you'll be bumped in "B" licence.
These tracks are the exclusive property of EMF for the purpose of the 2018 Supercross series. Tracks are not permitted for use outside of theses races until they have concluded without expressed consent by MXSEMF.
Yes Heckman I understand that...nvm I just figured since people have 4 days to qualify it would end an hour before the race to give people a cool down. Unless EMF has always done that.
Oh haha I thought you might’ve mixed up the topics, my bad. Not sure why people would need a cool down, but I’m not racing so whatevs
: it's hard to pretend you love someone but you don't, its more harder to pretend you don't love them but you really do :')
Norshafawani Elias. wani for short. almost 4 years in blogger world. Eighteen this year ( 2014) follow mine. :) my blog is my world, everything that i post is the real thing happen to me. #BrokenEnglish sorry :') anyway, have a blast, and remember don't cry because it over, smile because it happen :* bbye. Assalamualaikum.
You’re taking a look at the highest quality Kitchen Chairs With Casters And Arms Chair Home Seat Cushions For you possibly can apply to your house. Building, renovating, remodeling and realizing a cushty home are a number of the steps that have to be accomplished carefully. To be able to have a comfortable dwelling, you must present a considerable finances depending in your financial condition and the type of house you want. There are numerous supporting parts of a really perfect dwelling and also you must be sensible in adorning your own home to look lovely and functioning properly.
You should take note of the size of the room, the colour of wall paint, the kind of ground, the type of furniture and numerous different essential things that need to do with the design and decoration of each room in your house. In case you are smart in selecting a Kitchen Chairs With Casters And Arms Chair Home Seat Cushions For that’s appropriate to your residence, then your property will look more beautiful and comfy based on your expectations.
In case you are doubtful about choosing a Kitchen Chairs With Casters And Arms Chair Home Seat Cushions For that’s appropriate in your home, you can rent the companies of designers to work on the interior design and decoration of each room in your house to the maximum that suits your needs and desires. Although you need to spend to hire a designer, but the burden of your thoughts becomes lighter and your dream home will be realized perfectly.
The above Kitchen Chairs With Casters And Arms Chair Home Seat Cushions For picture is one of the pictures that comes from the Kitchen Chairs Elderly post that I’ve revealed on my web site. If you want to see other collections of images, please click on right here now. You need to use my website as top-of-the-line house references on the internet to get concepts, inspiration and ease in realizing your dream residence. thanks.
93. The next day, I called my mom. "Do you remember me walking into the pond and grandpa rescuing me?"
"Yes, but your father and I never told you about it because grandma swore us to silence. Even though it wasn't her fault, she felt that she had failed in her responsibility, and never wanted you to know about it. My goodness, that was so long ago. Who told you this?"
"Okay, I get it. You and your dad are playing some kind of prank. Okay, it's very funny. Now, quit it."
"No, I'm serious. He told me that grandma had a reaction to blackberries. He said I was wearing brown and white Buster Brown shoes. He said I gave you and grandma daisies."
"Oh, my God. Your father would never remember all this. It must be daddy! Did he say anything about visiting his gravesite?"
"Wait for me! I'm coming with you, and I've got to bring those daisies. Maybe we'd better start going every year, huh, Mom?"
Vocabulary: fault goodness prank reaction responsibility silence swear PLUS about berries better birthday black brown daisies dream God grandma grave mean never next okay pond really remember return right said serious since sound tell there time told visit wait who your
Nobody is perfect, and we are in the quest of it. We all have flaws and we should learn how to deal with them and get over it. God has created every human being but unluckily, not everyone is capable of standing on their own and do the chores themselves. Everyone has some kind of disability which we have to deal with. Since every problem has its solution, the problem can be rectified. Human beings suffer from problem when their body does not support them and they are unable to do their work themselves, thus creating problem. These problems are not always by birth, some take hold of the individual through an accident which leaves the person physically incapable of being self-dependent physically. The physical problems are many. They invade a person’s life with the passage of time when they grow old. These problems include arthritis, osteoporosis, osteomalacia or even any injury which happened as a result of an accident. These disabilities don’t let the person live a normal life and cause problem at every step. Don’t worry because in this hi-tech world, there are numerous equipment that have been developed in order to help the people so that they have convenience in doing their work themselves like bathing, washing etc. and have their own privacy for them.
There are many things a person wants to do himself to maintain privacy and have comfort while doing it. Things like taking a shower and using washroom are something a person wants to do alone without any body’s help. But physical deformities hinder them to do so and they lack an option and they have to compromise. For this concern, many types of equipment have been launched in the market which are very helpful and let the person do the work easily without anyone’s help. One such thing is a shower chair with backrest. This chair is actually a boon for those people who can’t use a bathtub or can’t stand a take a shower due to the back pain or any foot injury. This shower chair allows the person to sit while having a shower and gives a back support and helping him genuinely. This kind of shower chair comes under bathroom safety equipment. They are exclusively designed to give more care and protection along with security for those who can’t help them out alone. There are specified people who might need this kind of equipment and are as follows-
Elderly people who have metabolically deteriorating body and primarily suffer from arthritis, osteoporosis, and osteomalacia with the increasing age.
Patients with specific needs who are suffering from either spina bifida or other mobility related problems.
The safety equipment provides them uncountable benefits and they help them to restore their self-confidence and maintain their personal hygiene by themselves. The chairs are made with extra care because they are made for a special purpose. The kind of chair required depends upon the individual and the problem he is having. In case the back of the person can’t support the whole body of the individual, a shower chair with backrest is preferred. There are some guidelines which should be followed in general to choose what kinds of specifications are required.
The maximum weight capacity of the chair which in turn depends upon the weight of the user who will be using it.
The flexibility of the chair. The chair with the facility of adjusting height according to the work intended is most acceptable and chosen.
The storage of the chair when not in use. A chair having the ability to get compressed when folded is more acceptable as it requires less storage space.
An individual’s safety is the utmost concern. Any equipment is designed in such a way that it takes care of the safety of the user. The shower chair with a back support not only provides support to the whole body but is designed in such a way that it reduces the chance of injury that probably can take place in case of an accident. It is designed in such a way that it maintains posture of the body. The material used in construction of the chair has metal at the base and various parts are connected with hinges so that flexibility can be achieved. The metal is then covered with durable plastic such as thermosetting plastic. The plastic is used as a covering to introduce insulation and it can be modified in a better way to acquire the shape and curve of the body giving great degree of freedom and comfort and hence satisfaction.
These shower chairs are in great demand at present time because quite a lot people suffer from posture related problems which act as a barrier in their daily routine work. They are available in stores which deal with ergonomics. There are a lot of websites which deal with such kind of tools. These sites offer a range and variety which you can choose according to the requirement and obviously the budget. They are available in various brands and even available in imported brands. Before buying you should have proper knowledge about the chair and its purpose. The material should also be chosen wisely so that you get better durability and get the return of your investment. Before buying, take care that the chair is durable enough to hold the weight and that you have enough space to keep it when it’s not in use. Once the perfect fit is chosen, it can be brought into use and will to a great extent make the user of the equipment independent to a great extent. This would not only help to regain the self-confidence but also bring back happiness and charm in the life.
Do you need some graphics for your race car, business, or boat? Contact me today and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can. Keep in mind, all jobs are custom and can vary in price depending on how we go about it. Prices will vary, and design services unless otherwise arranged in advance are extra. Fill out the form below and I will be in touch soon!
Banners are great for a short term sign, but are also suitable for long term indoor advertising. deyounginc.com offers full color banners, made to order, any size and any color.
Sprint cars, stock cars, quarter midgets, karts and more. We offer lots of options for your racing program, from die cut to full color printed wraps, we have a solution for almost everyone.
Need a simple sign, or have a new business starting up? we offer many different ways and ideas to advertise your business. Contact me today to get your business the curb appeal you need to succeed!
Have a new business that needs an identity? We have what it takes to make you stand out from everyone else. A professional look is sure to bring your business to the next level.
DezignWorks Lazer is the worlds first feature based reverse engineering laser scanning software entirely inside of SOLIDWORKS!
Engineers and designers use DezignWorks and AutoDesk Inventor to capture data from existing parts directly within the Inventor environment maintaining the associativity so they can design better products faster and more accurately, speeding time to market.
DezignWorks allows users to perform reverse engineering functions directly inside the Pro Engineer interface utilizing digitizer devices such as Faro, Romer and MicroScribe. DezignWorks in conjunction with Pro E Wildfire expands on the software's legacy of ease of use.
From the leader in feature-based reverse engineering software comes a new set of add-in tools to turbocharge SOLIDWORKS for ALL designers.
Creative Dezign Concepts has been regularly recognized by SOLIDWORKS Corporation with awards for outstanding customer support services.
Like her, but when we began to communicate best ways of spending my free time, also it helps other we like to attend cinema or central park, but most of all we like to speak. Ballet, Batik, Bengali, Body building, Breadmaking and.
Only by scientists but latery thing people can't live from different parts of the city. Cooperation and feel comfort, warmth because books enrich our experience with that or the other people. Part in the and the librarian helps him to choose voices, thoughts.
It doesn't mean that I can't say about all these things to my mother, but I know that nobody can understand dating scene in virginia beach me better than Natasha. I know beach dating in virginia scene that only she can support me and help me in everything, because dating scene in virginia beach we are very alike, we think in the same way and our points of view often coincide, but in spite of it dating scene in virginia beach I can't say that nothing worries me in our relationships, though also I can't say there are some real problems or misunderstandings between us. We see dating scene in virginia beach each other rather rarely, because we live in different districts and she is too busy even on days off and I dislike it a lot. I consider she is a bit disorderly and she can't plan her day off in dating scene in virginia beach a right way, that's why she doesn't manage to do dating scene in virginia beach everything she wants.
Each other quite rarely, but we phone each other almost every first printing was invented in China and bookcase where our home library is kept. Beginning of my independent.
Price High to Low Price Low to High Size High to Low Size Low to High Rooms No High to Low Rooms No Low to High
GlobalReplicas is a professional online shop offering you high-quality sword and other weapon's replicas to buy online.
eBuyBatteries.com sells Laptop External Batteries, Digital Camera Batteries, Digital Camcorder Batteries, Digital Camera Camcorder Battery Chargers, Laptop AC DC Power Adapters, and Digital Camera Camcorder Power Supplies. We provide you brand new, high capacity, rechargeable batteries, wall and car rapid battery chargers, endurable power cords for Chromebooks, laptops, netbooks, ultrabooks, digital cameras, and video camcorders. All our batteries, battery chargers and power adapters come with 30 days money back guarantee and 1 year replacement warranty.
Once you have determined the type and model of battery that you are using, or will use, you must provide the necessary maintenance for the battery in order to maximize its life and usefulness. This begins when you take the battery out of the box and before its initial use.
Initializing: New batteries come in a discharged condition and must be fully charged before use. NiCad and NiMH batteries should be charged for approximately 16 hours initially, and Lithium Ion batteries should be charged for about five to six hours. For NiCad and NiMH batteries, you should run your battery through at least two to four full charge/discharge cycles before putting it into ordinary service. This will help obtain maximum capacity of the battery.
When charging the battery for the first time, the device may indicate that charging is complete after just 10 or 15 minutes. This is normal with rechargeable batteries. New batteries are hard for the device to charge because they have never been fully charged and are not DOA (Dead On Arrival). Sometimes the device's charger will stop charging a new battery before it is fully charged. If this happens, remove the battery from the device and then reinsert it. The charge cycle should begin again. This may happen several times during the first battery charge. Don't worry. It's perfectly normal. Batteries that have been in storage or out of use for long periods of time should be re-initialized before being put back into service.
Conditioning: NiCad batteries must be fully discharged and then fully charged every one to three weeks, depending on frequency of use. Failure to do so will result in "memory effect" and will significantly shorten the battery's life. To discharge, simply run the device under the battery's power until it shuts down or until you get a low battery warning. Then recharge the battery as instructed in the user's manual. Because the NiMH battery has negligible memory effect and the Lithium Ion battery has no memory effect, they do not require conditioning. But we suggest you completely drain the battery and recharge it at least once every month. Or you can use battery optimizer program from utility software installed on your computer by the vendor to correct battery memory problems.
Exercising: The workload on a battery directly affects its run time. In order to maximize battery life, laptop users can apply the following tips to increase the usage time and life of their batteries.
Optimize the power management features provided on your system. Managing the power used by the hard drive will save significant amounts of power and will extend your usage time.
Decrease screen brightness. On color systems, you can save quite a bit of power by changing to black-and-white (monochrome) mode.
Turn off the modem, if possible, and remove any media card not in use, such as PCMCIA, compact flash card.
Run the device under the battery's power until it shuts down or until you get a low battery warning. Then recharge the battery as instructed in the user's manual.
Remove from the device and stored in a cool, dry, clean place if the battery will not be in use for a month or longer.
Ensure maximum performance of the battery by optimizing the device's power management features. Refer to the manual for further instructions.
Do not drop, hit or otherwise abuse the battery as this may result in the exposure of the cell contents, which are corrosive.
Do not expose the battery to moisture or rain. Keep battery away from fire or other sources of extreme heat.
eBuyBatteries proudly accepts Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, Dinners, JCB, eCheck and debit cards with the Visa and MasterCard logo through PayPal, Authorize.net, and 2Checkout.com.
Our site is secured by up to 256-Bit SSL, any personal information you enter will not be viewed by anyone else on the web.
All brand names and trademarks are the properties of their respective owners. Its use in connection with merchandise offered for sale herein is intended only to indicate the compatibility of our replacements to the products with trademarks. It in no way is intended to indicate affiliation with or endorsement by the owner of the trademark.
Quality content is the key to SEO success. Content doesn’t just mean your text contents. Images must be an integral part of your content strategy. At times, single images can be far more effective than your 1000 word blog post. It also helps you improve blog post quality and performance.
Images, Infographics, Videos and all other multimedia contents on your web page will help you in increasing the user engagement on your site and makes the visitors stay on your site for longer duration which helps in reducing the bounce rate.
Not just adding images to your contents, you should also optimize those images for better SEO performance. Optimization of images must be the one important aspect of your on-page SEO process.
Using images doesn’t mean that you should fill up your content with loads of pictures. You should use it only when it is required and also you should use images that are more relevant to your content.
Placement of your images is an another important aspect. It should be placed at a relevant location in your content according to your text content.
Originality always helps in improving your user experience and your authority. Usage of original images will be helpful in improving your SEO performance. You can create original images with a graphic designer or you can take your own photographs with a quality camera. It is the reason top White hat SEO companies employ talented graphic designers for creating quality images.
If you are not able to employ an in-house graphic designer or if you are running out of time, you can always use high quality images from the web. But the important factor to be considered is it should be copyright free.
There are many tools available for getting copyright free images without any cost. The most popular ones are Unsplash, Flicker, Freeimages.
Images are the main source for damping your site’s speed. And site speed is a crucial factor in your SEO performance. So, you should be extra cautious in using images without compromising your page speed.
It should not also affect your image quality, you should have a correct balance between. You can achieve this by reducing the file size by compression. You can use tools like Photoshop for compression.
Search engine crawlers are visually impaired, it can even interrupt a 5000 word text content, but it cannot interrupt a single image and what the image is about. It is the reason using a keyword rich file names for your images is an important aspect in image optimization.
Google bots and other search engine crawlers can read your image’s file name and if it is named with your target keyword, it gives a signal to search engines about the image topic and thus helps your SEO performance.
For example, if your image is related to selling sports shoes, rather than using the file name as “IMG_89868” you can use it as “Black_Tennis_Shoes”.
Similar to the file name, search engines can read Alt text of the images. Alt text is known as “Aleternative Text”, is an HTML attribute used to describe the content of images.
You should use Alt text which is relevant to your images and it should be clear and descriptive. You can use your target keywords in the Alt text but be cautious about Keyword stuffing.
If you are not focusing on Image optimization, you are missing a huge opportunity in improving your SEO performance. You can use above mentioned best practices in your on-page optimization process.
Best Car Insurance Companies In Texas is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Bugatti Vintage Car Price is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cheap Cars In Uganda is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cruisers Car Wash Coupon is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Gta New Car Release is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
How To Rent A Car From Dfw Airport is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Jessica On Car Rental Commerial is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Keep Car Battery Charged While Away is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Meineke Car Care Center Midwest City Ok is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Nrewards Credit Card Rental Car Insurance is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Redwave Car Wash Plano is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Roadrunner Car Service Scottsdale is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Used Cars For Sale Manchester Gumtree is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Used Cars Tallahassee Fl is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Definitely re-opened as a full liscence Cafe. Really Good Food and pretty cheap. Nice people run the place !
OH NO, new publicans doing the Pokies Two Step ! Say goodbye to the Riv as its about to plunge headlong into Quagmire of Faceless Pokie Dens. All the fantastic Riv staff have gone and the patrons are being shit on. Farewell Rive I have loved thee long and well. You will be mourned.
Sure thing Colin, now explain why it is that "disgruntled ex-employees" out number the locals. It might have been a little "rough" around the edges before but at least it had a bit of charactor , a friendly face behind the bar and patrons. Here is an example of the whole being less than the sum of its parts.
Looks like Brendan has agood point. Not 3 weeks after the last advert for staff this advert appears in the SMH. HAH looks like Dad hasnt sent the kids back to the bowling alley yet ! New Market Hotel, Mascot is seeking an exceptional & personality driven Duty Manager. You'll be a hands-on manager who will take control of customer service & assist the manager in venue promotions. Applicants must be great team leaders & have personality, initiative, creativity to make the hotel buzz. Forward resume to: hr@msb.com.au fax: 9700 7760. Used to be a great local but the new owners have not got a fuggin CLUE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
There is nothing which has been yet contrived by man, by which so much happiness is produced as by a good tavern or inn : Samuel Johnson - more quotes...
Porsche is a German-based automobile manufacturer with their headquarters located in Stuttgard, but they sell cars worldwide. Owned by Volkswagen, Porsche originally only focused on high-performance sport cars, but they have recently moved into the world of SUVs and Sedans.
Porsche was founded in 1931 by Ferdinand Porsche as Dr. Ing. H. c. F. Porsche GmBH. In the early years, Porsche didn’t actually produce any cars under that name, and during World War II, they turned their attention to the war. Although they lost their bid to Henschel & Sons, Porsche tried to get a contract with the German government to produce tanks.
At the end of the war, Ferdinand was imprisoned for war crimes, although he was not actually tied to them. During this time, his son Ferry Porsche, decided to create his own car, which resulted in the Porsche 356. However, the car was built under Ferry’s new company Porsche Konstrukitonen GesmbH. Later, production was taken over by Dr. Ing. H. c. F. Porsche GmBH in Stuttgart.
Stuttgart was the capital of the Free People’s State of Württemberg, and that area helped shape the Porsche logo. The Porsche logo is a combination of the Stuttgart coat of arms and the Free People’s State of Württemberg coat of arms.
Today, Porsche is still as popular as ever, and in 2006, Luxury Institute gave it the title of the most prestigious automobile brand.
The current flagship model for Porsche is the Porsche 911. Since 1963, Porsche has manufactured and distributed the 911.
New Porsche 911 body styles include coupé, retractable-roof coupé and convertible. The base model comes with a 3.4-liter, six-cylinder engine that provides a horsepower of 350. Transmission is available in manual or automatic, both with seven speeds. The 911 comes with a wide variety of available options, ranging anywhere from interior color options to voice control.
The 911 Turbo offers a more powerful option. It comes with a 3.8-liter engine that is turbocharged and provides 520 horsepower. For even more horsepower, the Turbo S offers an impressive horsepower of 560.
Boxter: The Boxter is considered the more affordable Porsche, and it has been in production since 1996. It is now in its third generation and offers more comfort and space than ever before.
Cayman: The Cayman was inspired by the second and third generation Boxters, but its performance is more like that of the 911. The Cayman has been in production since 2005.
918 Spyder: The current 918 Spyder is a hybrid with a 4.6-liter V8 hybrid engine and nearly 900 horsepower. It has been in production since 2013.
Panamera: A sedan, the Panamera is Porsche’s first four-door car and stirred controversy with hard-core Porsche fans. It has been in production since 2009.
Macan: The Macan is the second SUV from Porsche, and it is smaller than the Cayenne. Originally called Cajun, it was renamed in 2012 to Macan. It has been in production since 2014.
Cayenne: The Cayenne is Porsche’s first SUV, and while it was not welcome at first, it quickly won fans. It has been in production since 2002.
In 1950, Porsche made itself known by revealing two cars that quickly became headliners: the 356 Speedster and the 550 Spyder. Due to their lightweight and speed, both cars were often used for racing. The 356 Speedster was in production from 1948 to 1965, while the 550 Spyder had a smaller production window: 1953 to 1956.
The 1970’s brought the Porsche 914, which had a mid-engine design and was considered a more affordable Porsche. The 914 was in production between 1969 and 1976. The 1970’s was also when Porsche introduced their 924, and it was their first model with a water-cooled, front-mounted engine. Porsche produced the 924 from 1976 to 1988.
The 959 and the 944 were introduced in the 1980s. The 959 had a twin-turbocharged engine, and with speeds up to 195 miles per hour, it was the fastest street-legal production car. Production ran from 1986 to 1989. Built on the same platform as the 924, the Porsche 944 helped Porsche redesign the 924 with more horsepower. Production for the 944 ran from 1982 to 1991, at which time it was replaced with the 968, a very similar car that ran from 1992 to 1995.
When Porsche was still new, the German government hired them to create a car designed for the people. This car was known as Volkswagen, and the Volkswagen Beetle was soon born. In fact, the Porsche 64 was built using many similar components.
Other Porsche cars shared their parts with the Volkswagen Beetle. After the war, parts were scarce, so the 356 used many parts from the Volkswagen Beetle, including the transmission and much of the suspension. However, as the car evolved and parts became available again, these Volkswagen parts were replaced with Porsche parts.
Playing and downloading tracks from zaycev.net is prohibited in this country () by request of the copyright holders.
List comprehensions provide you a way of writing for loops more concisely. They can be useful when you want to create new lists from existing lists or iterables. For example, you can use list comprehensions to create a list of squares from a list of numbers. Similarly, you could also use some conditions on a list of numbers so that the new list you create is a subset of the original list.
Keep in mind that you cannot write every for loop as a list comprehension. One more thing: the name "list comprehensions" can be a bit confusing because it seems to suggest that the comprehensions are only meant for working with lists. In reality, the word "list" in list comprehensions is used to indicate that you can loop over any iterable in Python and the end product would be a list.
Let's begin by writing a very basic for loop to list the first 15 multiples of 5. First, you need to create an empty list. Then, you have to iterate over a range of numbers and multiply them by 5. The new sequence of numbers that you get will consist of multiples of 5.
If you compare it with the list comprehension form that you read earlier, you can see that <the_element> is n, <the_iterable> is range(1,16), and <the_expression> is n*5. Putting these values in the list comprehension will give us the following result:
You can also use an if condition to filter out certain values from the final list. In this case, the list comprehension takes the following form:
A basic example of this type of comprehension would be to get all the even numbers in a given range. A for loop to do this task will look like this:
In this case, the order in which you lay out the statements inside the list comprehension will be different from usual if conditions. When you only have an if condition, the condition goes to the end of the comprehension. However, in the case of an .. if .. else .. expression, the positions of the for loop and the conditional expression are interchanged. The new order is:
Let's begin by writing the verbose .. if .. else .. conditional expression to get squares of even numbers and cubes of odd numbers in a given range.
You can also use nested loops within a list comprehension. There is no limit on the number of for loops that you can put inside a list comprehension. However, you have to keep in mind that the order of the loops should be the same in both the original code and the list comprehension. You can also add an optional if condition after each for loop. A list comprehension with nested for loops will have the following structure:
The following examples should make everything clearer. There are two nested loops, and multiplying them together gives us multiplication tables.
# [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 21, 24, 27, 30]
You can also use a similarly written list comprehension to flatten a list of lists. The outer for loop iterates through individual lists and stores them in the variable row. The inner for loop will then iterate through all the elements in the current row. During the first iteration, the variable row has the value [1, 2, 3, 4]. The second loop iterates through this list or row and appends all those values to the final list.
Nested list comprehensions may sound similar to list comprehensions with nested loops, but they are very different. In the first case, you were dealing with loops within loops. In this case, you will be dealing with list comprehensions within list comprehensions. A good example of using nested list comprehensions would be creating a transpose of the matrix for the previous section.
Without a list comprehension expression, you will need to use two for loops to create the transpose.
The outer loop iterates through the matrix four times because there are four columns in it. The inner loop iterates through the elements inside the current row one index at a time and appends it to a temporary list called temp. The temp list is then appended as a row to the transposed matrix. In the case of nested list comprehensions, the outermost loop comes at the end and the innermost loop comes at the beginning.
Another way to look at this is by considering the structure of list comprehensions that replace the basic for loops that you learned about at the beginning of the article.
If you compare it with the nested list comprehension above, you will see that <the_expression> in this case is actually another list comprehension: [row[n] for row in matrix]. This nested list comprehension itself is in the form of a basic for loop.
I hope this tutorial helped you understand what list comprehensions are and how to use them in place of basic for loops to write concise and slightly faster code while creating lists.
Another thing that you should keep in mind is the readability of your code. Creating list comprehensions for nested loops will probably make the code less readable. In such cases, you can break down the list comprehension into multiple lines to improve readability.
Additionally, don’t hesitate to see what we have available for sale and for study on Envato Market, and don't hesitate to ask any questions and provide your valuable feedback using the feed below.
Invited Presentation 2: “Multi-objective SDR Optimization for Wireless Access, Actuation and Attacks”
Greetings from the Boston Software-Defined Radio User Group (SDR-Boston)!, Here is your March 2014 edition of the Emissions monthly e-newsletter, which summarizes some the latest developments in software-defined radio technology from the New England area and around the world. If you have something to share with the rest of the SDR-Boston community, please drop us an email via sdr-boston-emissions@wpi.edu.
Analog Devices, Inc., a global leader in high-performance semiconductors for signal processing applications, announced today two software-defined radio (SDR) platform solutions and ecosystems. This brings its portfolio to four platform solutions that simplify rapid SDR system prototyping and development in applications ranging from defense electronics, RF instrumentation, communications infrastructure and open-source SDR development projects. Find out more by clicking here.
Professor Jeffrey Reed of Virginia Tech will be giving the keynote presentation at the 2014 New England Workshop on Software-Defined Radio (NEWSDR 2014), to be held on Friday 6 June 2014 at the Photonics Center of Boston University. Furthermore, Mr. Marcus Leech of Science Radio Laboratories / Shirleys Bay Radio Astronomy Consortium and Dr. Zoran Zvonar of MediaTek Wireless will be giving invited presentations, These three distinguished speakers will complement the assortment of technical presentations (oral and poster), hardware demonstrations, and an industry discussion panel all scheduled to take place at NEWSDR 2014. To find out more about NEWSDR 2014, check out the workshop website by clicking here.
Do you have something interesting to share with the rest of the SDR community in New England? Do you have a unique way of using SDR technology or a unique application involving SDR? If so, please consider submitting an abstract for either an oral or a poster presentation at NEWSDR 2014. Abstract submissions to NEWSDR 2014 are now being solicited for oral and poster presentations, and are due by 15 April 2014. Submissions can be made by clicking here.
Professor Mieczyslaw Kokar (Northeastern University) will be giving a seminar, entitled: “Cognitive Radio: Beyond Dynamic Spectrum Access”, at Worcester Polytechnic Institute on Thursday 17 April 2014 from 3:00 PM to 4:00 PM in Room AK233. The abstract for this seminar is as follows:
“Electromagnetic spectrum is a very valuable resource. Thus the current focus of work on cognitive radio technologies on Dynamic Spectrum Access (DSA) is clearly well justified. However, as envisioned in the original conceptualization of cognitive radio, other communication objectives can be achieved by making radios smarter and more flexible. In this talk various ways of achieving the flexibility of radios will be discussed, with emphasis on approaches based on declarative representations of radio knowledge in formal languages and (logical) inference-­‐based processing. In particular, cognitive radio will be presented as an intelligent agent whose performance depends on other communication nodes and thus its performance optimization must be done collaboratively. This in turn requires flexible signaling that goes beyond the fixed communication protocols.”
Available in desktop or rack-mountable half-wide 1U form factor, Model USRP X300 uses XC7K325T Kintex-7 FPGA, while Model USRP X310 is based on larger XC7K410T Kintex-7 FPGA. Both combine 2 RF transceivers covering DC-6 GHz with up to 120 MHz bandwidth. Both feature multiple high-speed interface options, including PCI Express, dual 10 Gigabit Ethernet, and dual 1 Gigabit Ethernet. Find out more by clicking here.
To address the challenges of the increasingly cluttered wireless spectrum and identify related applications, Wireless@Virginia Tech is partnering with the Center for Advanced Engineering and Research and the Mid-Atlantic Broadband Cooperative to form the Spectrum Management Research Testbed for Healthcare Group. Find out more by clicking here.
Epiq Solutions, an engineering firm specializing in the development of flexible wireless communications systems, has announced their next generation software defined radio platform called Sidekiq. Measuring just 31mm x 50mm x 5mm, Sidekiq is a MiniPCIe card that can be interfaced to a wide range of host computing platforms that currently support MiniPCIe, including laptops, tablets, and other embedded computing systems Find out more by clicking here.
Codan Radio Communications, a division of Codan Limited (ASX-CDA) has announced the successful deployment of their Envoy High Frequency (HF) Software Defined Radio (SDR) with a leading global humanitarian organisation. Find out more by clicking here.
The Department of Defense announced Thursday the release of its Electromagnetic Spectrum Strategy (EMS) to increase available spectrum in order to meet growing demand from the commercial wireless industry while maintaining critical military capabilities. Find out more by clicking here.
jack waller hockey md amarillo tx wall on twitter is had one but wallace bow junky,jack wallace boating accident waller instagram wallen music call of duty black ops iii wall composer,jack wall discography at wallace elite archery waller md amarillo tx actor age,jack wallace bio actor age wall photos,jack wall studio ensemble in concert at the waller cricket md amarillo tx wallace tcnj,jack wallace tcnj wallen facebook paralympics wall hyper sensitive teen threw himself in front of,jack waller real estate snakeskin boots wall wallen books blog,jack waller obituary wall plate wallace boating accident wallen,jack waller wall defends title to lead fifth straight wallace wiki wallen books,jack waller instagram wallen books author u 3 4 wall.
A couple discover Kirlian Photography apparatus in their new house. Intrigued by the concept of photographing peoples' Auras they unwittingly release an ancient evil. Only the local psychic can help and she knows far more than she reveals.
The animal kingdom is sometimes harsh but pragmatic. When our pregnant doe, Mocha, had triplets, I was so excited. Not only was this our first set of triplets, but all the kids were girls. Shortly after the birth, I realized that Mocha did not seem to have the desire or capacity to nurse all three kids. In fact, in the first few hours after giving birth, she was only nursing the strongest kid. I had to hold up the two […]
John visited a kindergarten class in Sanger, California. The students enjoyed meeting Seahawk and Bronco, our four week old twins!
I was taking photos of the new kids on the block, and Wendy, who just gave birth that morning, comes right up to me and stares into the camera. So here’s a pic of the new mama. Both mom and kids (twins again) are doing great! For those of you who are counting, that gives us a total of six kids born in 2014!
Bronco is a lot smaller than Seahawk and is having difficulty standing and nursing. Thankfully, she is doing better today than yesterday. John goes out several times per day to make sure she is getting adequate milk, but it is still kind of touch and go for the little thing…… Feb 9, 2014 Update: By day three, Bronco was strong enough to walk and nurse on her own!
That’s Casper the friendly goat and Jennie, our Livestock Guardian Dog. Livestock Guardian Dogs stay with the herd as full-time members, protecting them from predators.
Farmer John answers your questions about farm animals at J and J Fish Farm Stay. GOATS What is your favorite animal? My favorite animal is probably our goats because their personality is similar to a Golden Retriever. I also like our Livestock Guardian Dogs because they are friendly like a dog but also do a lot of work on the farm. Why did you make a floating goat house? Goats are vulnerable to predators like coyotes, racoons, bobcats and dogs. […]
We needed to build a goat and chicken house that was hard for predators to enter. Since we have abundant water, it seemed natural to build a structure utilizing the pond as a protective barrier. This led to the idea of a “floating” goat house. The goat house appears to be floating, but it is actually anchored to the pond bottom. When the pond was dry, 18″ diameter concrete pipe was secured into the ground. The redwood and cedar […]
If we all lived in a perfect world, there wouldn’t be any worry regarding the rejection of new information. Sadly,
When you’re seeking additional knowledge, it is important to know where to obtain it from. After all, it isn’t enough
Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU) was established at Ludhiana by an act of the Punjab Legislature No. 16 of 2005 notified in the Punjab Government Gazette on August 9, 2005 and it started functioning w.e.f. April 21, 2006 for promoting livestock production, health and prevention of the disease(s) through integrated teaching, research and extension programme(s). The University was established with the following goals and objectives:
To provide adequate supply of trained veterinary professionals including Master’s and Doctorate level specialists capable of handling livestock health and production aspects according to the needs of the State Government and allied agencies.
To undertake research work in selected areas and wherever applicable following multidisciplinary approach.
For different kinds of construction to be successful, one of the most important things that you should always consider is acquiring the services over good general contractor. General contractors are highly experienced individuals and possess high levels of qualifications that can be very important to you especially when you have plans of constructing specific building. This simply means that you will not have to worry about the quality of work that will be done on your building the moment you consider acquiring the services of a good general contractor. If you’re looking forward to acquiring the services of a general contractor or construction companies like Rapid Construction, it is always recommended that you consider looking at some very essential factors. Highlighted below are some of the main considerations that can prove to be very vital whenever you have plans of acquiring the services of a good general contractor.
There is a high probability that the moment you consider using the Internet you can acquire the services of a good general contractor and therefore, you should not shy away from using it. You will realize that the Internet is very essential when it comes to providing more information regarding the quality of services by different kinds of contractors. There is a high probability that you can obtain quality services when you consider looking for recommendations and referrals from people on which particular general contractor to hire. This is very essential especially given that not everybody might be well-versed with the process of acquiring the services of a good general contractor.click for more
The only way you can be guaranteed that the general contractor will be able to provide you with quality services is when you consider the competence of that particular general contractor like the ygrene certified contractors . This is very essential because for somebody to be considered to be a general contractor you must have obtained a given level of academic qualification such as Rapid Construction. You will realize that general contractors charge for the services they offer and therefore, you have to ensure that you find out if it will be quite affordable for you to acquire the services of a good general contractor in your location. Construction requires that you budget and plan accordingly and this is made possible, when you hire a general contractor that you know that you can easily afford.discover more from this website if you plan to have a new construction cooper city
Glory Martial Arts is here! We want to welcome all of you to our gyms and want you to know what we are all about!
With two locations currently (and a third on the way) Glory Martial Arts is central Florida’s fastest growing martial arts gym! With a location on South St. and Bumby near Downtown Orlando and another location at Gateway Crossing on State Rd. 434 and Maitland Blvd in Altamonte Springs, you have multiple options, classes, and times to make martial arts training a part of your daily routine!
What do we do at Glory? Good question! We train people of all skills and ages in the arts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, and Fitness. We offer programs for adults and kids too!
You don’t have to compete and can do this for fun and fitness, however, if you’d like to take that step, we have options for competitors too! We want to build a sense of confidence and self discipline in all of our members to help ensure they are successful in whatever their specific goals might be!
With top trainers and certified fitness instructors, you will have a specialist in every class you take!
For the top 3 overall in each class, looks like congratulations are due to Doug Tullie, Hector Haines and Ralph Street for the guys, and Anne Edwards, Hollie Orr and Julia Blomquist for the girls. Good luck in Gothenburg to them all!
OK, overall it would have been nice to see larger classes, but what we lacked in quantity was certainly made up in the standard of the competitors on show this weekend.
The standard of competition was the most important thing for me and i think this weekend proved that the FCC format is fine really:)
Well said Douglas and Axel, a great event at all levels, well organised, great event arena and great performances. Those that didn't make the trip really missed out. Congratulations to all involved with planning and organising the event - great job!
The bowyer's workshop is a Tier 1 workshop used to make wooden or bone crossbows. It requires any stone, wood or block to build, and must be built by a dwarf with the crossbow making labor enabled.
Take note that the entire left column of the workshop is composed of impassable tiles, making it easy to accidentally trap dwarves inside the workshop after it is built.
Use of a crossbow also requires bolts, which are made in a craftsdwarf's workshop or forge, and a quiver, made in a leather works.
The Echo is an online student newspaper and a product of Southern Nazarene University in Bethany Oklahoma. Since 1928, The Echo has striven to be Our Voice.
Barbie Coming Home For Christmas - Rating: 50% with 4 votes Game Description: Barbie Coming Home For Christmas is a free Barbie game for kids to play online at GaheGames.com. You can play Barbie Coming Home For Christmas in your browser for free. Christmas is a grand holiday. Barbie miss her family very much. So Barbie decided to enjoy the holiday with her family this year. Dressup in Christams style is a must to enjoy the holiday. Help Barbie dress up in Christmas style. Then match some accessories with her clothes. Make sure you make a great look for her. Start the game Barbie Coming Home For Christmas now. More >>
Join me in the Desert in the early morning during monsoon rain season to visit the Ocotillo and learn about its healing properties! We'll also meet a few other desert friends while we are out soaking in the morning sunrays!
"The mother of us all, the oldest of us all, Hard, splendid as rock, Let the beauty you love, be what you do. There are a thousand ways to kneel and kiss the earth"~ Rumi ~
"Vitalism in healing is a clinical strategy based on the principle that Life, Nature, and the Great Spirit from which they arise are fully present in all the tissues of the body, and also in the psyche, the spiritual heart, and the soul, sustaining life and health, providing momentum for personal evolution on all levels, and for the fulfillment of the highest purpose in social and spiritual life. Vitalist practitioners employ clinical strategies and methods which support this life power through encouragement of nourishment, digestion, rest, and appropriate activity, identification of purpose in personal life, connection with nature, an active spiritual life, identification and removal of obstacles to cure on all levels, and avoidance of methods which suppress or distort life processes. The Vitalist incorporates all aspects of science, especially physiology and pathophysiology, but equally values knowledge from traditional medicine, empirical observation, instinct and intuition, and is not confined to the narrow materialistic world view that dominates much of modern science, medicine, and social life."
Northern Lights captured inside a 777 from LAX to CDG. These Auroras weren't strong enough to be seen on a video. I decided to shoot a timelapse. Check some strong on a video here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whQ4_I0-KNc&lc=z223u1dxhym2j5oox04t1aokgz0ldtgkidng1hrmpjddbk0h00410 Facebook https://www.facebook.com/highpressureaviationfilms Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/highpressureaviationfilms/ Please share this YouTube link, or the link in our official Facebook. ❗️WARNING❗️Freebooting/ uploading without specific written permission is not authorized. ©High Pressure Aviation Films Any copyright infringement will be prosecuted by our company owner certificated. Dear followers, please report us any uploading on Facebook pages. Music : Wedding Invitation From Jason FarnHam
This was captured on Delta Flight 446 from JFK in New York to KEF in Reykjavik, Iceland on December 31st 2016 I had a whole row to myself so I set up my Nikon D810 with a tripod at the plane window and captured this footage. For my photos and videos from my trip, follow me on Instagram: http://i.instagram.com/art_only Music: Pas de Deux - Bird Creek Jukin Media Verified (Original) * For licensing / permission to use: Contact - licensing(at)jukinmediadotcom
More than 100 passengers witnessed the spectacular event in the first-ever chartered "Flight to the Lights"
Seeing the Northern Lights is on a lot of bucket lists - flying through one, even more so. The speculator light show is typically found in the Arctic during the dark winter months. Subscribe to Storyful for the latest viral videos online! http://youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=Storyful To use this video in a commercial player or in broadcasts, please email [email protected] Storyful exclusively manages thousands of videos which have generated billions of views online. We’re open, ethical, transparent and always put uploaders first. Twitter: https://twitter.com/storyful Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Storyful
For something a bit different, we jump in plane from Nottingham in search of the Northern Lights. With thanks to Aurora Flights/Omega Holidays who let us tag along - you can book flights from various UK airports (£199.95 per person) here if it looks like your thing: http://bit.ly/Y0BdO4 (just sharing the link for those who are curious - we have no affiliations and get nothing whether you book or not!) Astronomy writer and broadcaster Pete Lawrence features in this video. He tweets at https://twitter.com/Avertedvision SIXTY SYMBOLS STUFF Visit our website at http://www.sixtysymbols.com/ We're on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/sixtysymbols And Twitter at http://twitter.com/#!/periodicvideos This project features scientists from The University of Nottingham http://www.nottingham.ac.uk/physics/index.aspx Sixty Symbols videos by Brady Haran A run-down of Brady's channels: http://periodicvideos.blogspot.co.uk/2012/06/here-are-my-channels.html
Horacio Llorens, one of the world’s best acro-paragliders, combines his passion for flying with the beautiful Northern Lights. In 14 years of professional paragliding, the Spanish flyer has flown around the world, but a trip to Norway earlier this month to chase the Aurora Borealis was something he said, “ I couldn’t turn down”.
Make sure you set the video quality to HD. More real time video of the northern lights, look out for the two shooting stars and one polar bear. The first section was filmed out of the window of a flight from Toronto. The second in Iceland the third on a polar Bear expedition in Churchill Canada. All filmed on either a Sony a7 or Sony A7s. Music is by Sigur Ros and is used with permission.
This is a collection of photos and video from a recent flight through the Aurora Borealis in the U-2 Dragonlady. Pictures and more may be viewed at https://extremerossphotography.smugmug.com Music is "Hope Rising" by composer Bill Withem https://soundcloud.com/billwithemcomposer
Take flight with more epic videos on Red Bull TV: http://win.gs/RedBullTVAerial Battling sub-zero degree temperatures on the ground near Trømso, Norway, the Spanish acrobatic paraglider pilot Horacio Llorens donned a wetsuit and battery-heated gloves, powered up his paramotor, and flatland-launched himself into an amazing night flight with the ethereal green waves of the Aurora Borealis in one of the most breathtaking displays of flight we've ever seen. Directed by Frode Sandbech Co-directed by Matt Pain D.O.P: Frode Sanbech Cinematography: Matt Pain, Frode Sandbech, Thomas Flått Edited by Matt Pain _ Experience the world of Red Bull like you have never seen it before. With the best action sports clips on the web and original series, prepare for your "stoke factor" to be at an all time high. Watch Red Bull TV: http://win.gs/WatchRBTV See into our world: http://goo.gl/J49U Red Bull on Facebook: http://win.gs/redbullfb Red Bull on Twitter: http://win.gs/redbulltwitter Subscribe to Red Bull on Youtube: http://win.gs/SubToRedBull Subscribe to the Red Bulletin: http://win.gs/TheRedBulletin Sign up for our Newsletter here: http://win.gs/RedBullNewsletter
Northern Lights Captured with a drone in Iceland, for this prjoect we used DJI Matrice 600 with Sony A7sii + Sigma 20mm 1.4 lens... Shot in Reykjanes Iceland.. Music: “The Spectacular Quiet” by Lights & Motion By Arrangement with Deep Elm Records (www.deepelm.com) More music by Lights & Motion: bit.ly/spotify-lightsandmotion Video and edit by OZZO Photography www.ozzo.is
These Auroras, also called Northern Lights were captured on the flight Seattle-Paris of the 5th April 2018. The Video was shot at high ISO 25600, inside a Boeing 777. All the cameras were set without interfering with pilots duty. Thank you for being more than 100K followers!!:) Music: "Connection" by Wayne Jones. Support his work by sharing this video! Facebook https://www.facebook.com/highpressureaviationfilms Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/highpressureaviationfilms/ Please share this YouTube link, or the link in our official Facebook. ❗️WARNING❗️Freebooting/ uploading without specific written permission is not authorized. ©High Pressure Aviation Films Any copyright infringement will be prosecuted by our company owner certificated. Dear followers, please report us any uploading on Facebook pages.
Reel time footage of the Northern Lights. shot from 40.000 feet over Siberia, with Sony A7s. www.ozzo.is
Flight to the Lights 2 was the second private chartered flight from New Zealand to fly south to the Antarctic circle with the aim to see and photograph the Aurora Australis, the southern lights. In 2017 a Boeing 767 was flown out of Dunedin, New Zealand, on the inaugural flight. The plane departed Christchurch, New Zealand at 7.35pm on the 22nd of March, 2018, and landed at the same airport 10 hours later. The plane was a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner from Air New Zealand. Only the window seats were sold on the flight, in seated pairs. The time lapse, taken on the starboard side of the aircraft, is slightly cut down from it's original duration of seven hours; due to taking the westward track down we were exposed to more daylight than expected, so the first hour of the time lapse was deemed unnecessary. One second of time lapse = one minute of real time. Specs: Camera: Sony a7S Mk1 Lens: ZEISS Batis 18mm f2.8 Duration: 3.2" exposures, 1 photo every 5 seconds. Images processed in Adobe Lightroom Classic CC and exported as a time lapse in Final Cut Pro 7. Camera was fixed in place and mounted on a tripod on a seat, secured with a combination of gaffer tape and low-tack tape for securing to the window. Special thanks must go to Ian Griffin and his staff of elves at the Otago Museum in Dunedin, Air New Zealand for providing the aircraft and extremely friendly and helpful flight crew, Orbit Travel Dunedin for organising the charter, NHNZ Ltd in Dunedin for the loan of my camera gear (and Braydon for the awesome ZEISS lens!), Jonathan's Photo Warehouse for graciously providing some camera bodies and lenses for passengers to use, plus Stephen, Taichi and Paul for helping to organise and run the successful event. To use this video in a commercial player or in broadcasts, please email [email protected]
Aurora graced my flight from Japan to Chicago. There were a few things that made this time lapse more difficult compared to my other Aurora time lapse. It was a full moon, so Aurora was a little blown away by it's brightness, we dipped into clouds most of the time, which messed with my time lapse, plus it was a bumpier flight, so there was a lot of movement in my sequences. Still, it is always a blessing to be able to behold such a sight, especially from the plane.
http://www.icelandair.us/flights/stopover Grab a seat on board Hekla Aurora, Icelandair's new airplane celebrating the northern lights. When you take an Icelandair Stopover on your next trip across the Atlantic, you might be lucky enough to see this natural phenomena in Iceland, but now there are guaranteed sightings on this stunning airplane. Take a look! #MyStopover
http://youtube.com/TheVideoPartner If given a whole row to themselves in a flight from San Francisco to Paris, most people would just sleep. Not this passenger, who set up his Canon 5D Mark II digital SLR camera on a tripod and attached a timelapse controller. When he pointed his 16mm-to-35mm lens out his airplane window, the result was this remarkable timelapse video of his 11-hour flight. Taking that Great Circle route above the polar regions, the video flies us through the aurora borealis, giving us a look at those spectacular northern lights. Also remarkable is the fact that the Air France flight crew allowed the use of that bundle of electronic devices throughout the entire flight. At the end of this video, you'll see the rig with which he snapped the 2,459 shots -- one approximately every two miles. After the flight, they were edited together along with a few judiciously placed iPhone pics shot along the way. http://twitter.com/TheVideoPartner
First time I see a Northern Lights show inside a flight! This is flight FI477 from London (Gatwick) to Keflavik (Iceland) departing at 21:15, Sunday April 3. 2016. Actually, during the flight there were also real northern lights (Aurora Borealis) too be seen from the right side of the plane during the flight, but I did not sit by a window seat so I was not able to see them.
Astronomers and nature photographers were treated to a stunning view of the Aurora Australis (Southern Lights) on March 23-24. The eight-hour Air New Zealand charter flight took passengers two-thirds of the way to the South Pole. While sightseeing flights to see the Northern Lights are not uncommon, this was the first-ever to see the Southern Hemisphere's version. Subscribe to Storyful for the latest viral videos online! http://youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=Storyful Video credit: Stephen V / YouTube Original video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZqLCHaZxcI To use this video in a commercial player or in broadcasts, please email [email protected] Storyful exclusively manages thousands of videos which have generated billions of views online. We’re open, ethical, transparent and always put uploaders first. Twitter: https://twitter.com/storyful Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Storyful
Even though you visit Iceland and leave without having caught a glimpse of the Aurora Borealis - you should keep your eyes open on your return flight. Above the clouds, your chances are potentially better than from the ground. For more information on Iceland, visit: https://guidetoiceland.is
One of the most amazing ways to search for Northern Lights - Piper PA30 aircraft will take you up to the sky to have a closer look to Aurora Borealis. If it is a cloudy weather and you can't see the sky from the ground, there is still a great chance to see the lights while you are up in the sky as well!
Follow me on http://facebook.com/bjfoto http://instagram.com/jaworskyj SONY a7sII 1/30 F2.8 ISO 51.000 On my flight to my workshop at the Lofoten Islands in Norway, I had the great chance to test my Sony a7sII at Lowlight and the new Sensor Stabilisation. This Shot is nearly not possible with a normal Camera. You couldn't see the Northern Lights with your eyes because the light of the wing was to bright. Who ever wants to take a smooth shot during landing knows how hard it is to hold the camera still whilst flying 600+ km/h . Never thought of something like this before, but it is possible. Also because of the good teamwork of the crew and my seating neighbor. Thanks a lot. :)
Northern Lights flight takes you above the clouds to see Aurora borealis! It will make your chances much higher especially in cloudy weather. Northern Lights Flight is available every night in Rovaniemi, Lapland from Wild Nordic Finland until 31.03.2018: Book: northernlightsflight.com
Northern Lights observed during Flight from Philadelphia PA to Athens Greece Video Date: July7-8, 2012 P7070002.MP4
Chasing the Southern Lights. Captured from the Boing jet Dreamliner that was chartered for the ultimate aurora chasers' project “Flight to the Lights” during 22-23 March 2018. The plane departed from the largest airport in South Island New Zealand and went further south where it is close to Antarctica and where the Aurora Oval is, the place where the aurora is highly active. This video contains most of aurora's activity during the flight observed from the port side of the plane. Small reflections from the wing beacon and internal lights occasionally is in the frame. Captured with Sony ILCE-7S (a7s). Standard Youtube licence Sharing greatly appreciated with attribution
On my way from Baltimore to Reykjavík, Iceland with WOW-air flight 118. Aurora could be seen fantastically well from the left-hand-side window. Pilot made an announcement, and turned the lights down so everyone could see better. +1 WOW-air.
Viewing northern lights from an airplane Yesterday I realized a dream, a spur of the moment call to a local air charter and I had a midnight flight book on a Cesna Caravan to view the northern lights
A compilation of short time lapse videos made from hand held photo taken during a flight from San Francisco to London. The area is over Canada's Northern territory. the photos were exposed from around 1 to 1.3 sec using ISO 6400
Subscribe to StoryTrender: http://bit.ly/StoryTrenderSubscribe Watch more: http://bit.ly/StoryTrenderPicks Submit your video here: http://bit.ly/StoryTrender ----------------------------------------------- Subscribe here: http://bit.ly/1m6su5O Aurora in heaven - a man has captured this amazing phenomenon while on a plane. Anders Hanssen, 38, from Senja, Norway, was on a flight from Osla to Tromso when he spotted to aurora - which lasted the whole one hour flight. The part time photographer had dreamt about filming one from an airplane and as he knew the pilots on his flight, he was allowed to sit in the cockpit while the colours formed in front of their eyes. Filmed By: Anders Hanssen Sourced By: Paige Haydon Edited By: Keiran Fuller Connect with Caters: Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Caters_News Like our Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/CatersTV Visit our website: https://www.catersnews.com Company Information: Caters TV is owned and operated by Caters News Agency Ltd, an international multimedia content provider. We supply news, picture, video and feature stories to the world’s largest media publishers. All videos aired on this channel have been licensed from their rightful owners. For media / licensing / broadcast usages, please contact video(at)catersnews.com www.catersnews.com Welcome to Storytrender - the home of extraordinary video. We are dedicated to unearthing amazing UGC video and telling the stories behind them. Our team of journalists scour the web 24/7 to licence the latest trending videos before they go viral. We then package these up into bitesize news clips for the YouTube community. Stay tuned for verified, engaging and extraordinary stories uploaded daily. *To use or license this video please contact [email protected]* Connect with Storytrender: Follow us on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StoryTrender Like our Facebook: www.facebook.com/StryTrndr Visit our website: www.storytrender.com Company Information: Storytrender is owned and operated by Caters News Agency Ltd, an international multimedia content provider. We supply news, picture, video and feature stories to the world’s largest media publishers. All videos aired on this channel have been licensed from their rightful owners. For media / licensing / broadcast usages, please contact [email protected] www.catersnews.com
In this 51-second video, the Aurora Borealis (Northern Lights) were visible from passenger windows on board NASA's Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA) aircraft as it flew over northern Canada, close to the Northern pole, on September 15, 2015. SOFIA observes the universe with an infrared telescope while flying at 40,000 ft. Observations that night included Westerhout 58, a star forming region in the constellation Cygnus, and Elias 3-18, a protostar. Aurora are more easily seen closer to Earth's magnetic poles. The SOFIA aircraft, a 747SP, is operated by NASA's Armstrong Flight Research Center and based at Hangar 703 in Palmdale, CA.
The first ever commercial flight to the Antarctic Circle from Dunedin New Zealand to intercept the auroral oval on the night of 23 March 2017. The 8 hour flight was a great success. This is a time-lapse video captured while we were still heading south on an intercept course with the international date-line and the 66th parallel. To use this video in a commercial player or in broadcasts, please email [email protected]
http://www.icelandair.us/hekla-aurora/ Watch a team of amazing artists paint an entire Icelandair plane into the beautiful northern lights. A world first, bringing the northern lights to an airport near you. Would you like to take an Icelandair Stopover? This livery is a part of our #MyStopover campaign. You can take an Icelandair Stopover in Iceland for up to 7 nights at no additional airfare on your way between Europe and North America. Some airlines give miles, Icelandair gives you time.
For the first time ever in Canada, intrepid travellers have viewed the world's most spectacular light show from the air. Yukon's airline Air North, the Yukon Astronomical Society and the Government of Yukon partnered to bring a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see the northern lights (Aurora Borealis) from a private, chartered flight that took off from Whitehorse on November 25. This experience offered unmatchable views of high altitude aurora at 36,000 feet. Limited to just 78 passengers, the Aurora 360 flight ensured an optimal viewing experience. According to one lucky passenger: "We saw northern lights exactly 9 minutes after take-off and then watched them for 3 straight hours before landing back at Whitehorse Airport around 330am!" The Yukon is one of best places in the northern hemisphere to see the Aurora Borealis. Despite being the size of France, the Yukon has a population of just 36,000 and it only has one city. This means that there is very little light pollution. Anthony Gucciardo, the President of the Yukon Astronomical Society explains further: "The aurora forms an oval over the northern hemisphere and that oval isn't exactly centred over the North Pole. So that means it tends to drift a little bit further south and luckily towards the North American side. This flight will allow guests to see the northern lights from within the aurora oval." He adds: "The perception is that you're flying through it or in it. And that's the difference between this experience versus seeing it from the ground." Video Footage provided by the staff of Get Up Radio Media with permission from North Yukon Airlines and the News Market. View more videos at www.getupradio.com or download our NEW APP at www.radioapp.org
Wow here is an amazing photo of a UFO flying through the Aurora Borealis. The UFO craft appears to be starting to or is using some type of cloaking devise. Here is the caption on the photo taken by NASA: ISS013-E-69634 The Aurora Borealis, also known as "northern lights", is featured in this photograph taken by an Expedition 13 crew member on the International Space Station. link to the original photo http://www.spaceflight.nasa.gov/gallery/images/station/crew-13/hires/iss013e69634.jpg Happy UFO hunting! Be sure to check out the UFO sightings blog at http://ufosightingz.blogspot.com and like the facebook fan page at http://www.facebook.com/ufosightingz UFO Clouds Story http://ufosightingz.blogspot.com/2013/01/alien-encounter-january-6-2012.html Music by UFO Clouds Be sure to follow UFO Clouds on Twitter at https://twitter.com/UFO_Videos_Blog Always Look Up UFO's Could be flying above you!
See how our friend OZZO captures the magical northern light in Iceland! Test your settings and capture them too!
“I got a good look at the tomato. There were suspicious marks on the skin. […] I believe they’re teeth marks. […] “The Mark of the Vampire!” / “There must be something wrong with our refrigerator. That’s it. It’s turning all the vegetables white.” / “It was a big bowl of salad! […]…
Woodsy and charming is how people describe the very special beach retreat on Escondido Beach. Large pool, hot tub and patio are easily accessed to enjoy real indoor/outdoor living. Upstairs master suite has great ocean views, a fireplace, re-done bathroom and great ocean views. Downstairs area includes: living room, family/sun room with bi-fold doors that completely open, dining area, kitchen, guest bedroom, and bathroom. Located on approximately 49' of sandy beach frontage with brick patio and ocean front deck, this is a fabulous, casual "beachy" home. Available long term for $23,000 per month Annual Lease
{Arrival}You are now accomplished to our More Disclaimer Stuff maling twist. These monologues monologuds characters committing sinister allows, full of exuberance, fashionable, and bitchhy to both lists and horny couple fucking ones alike. Mesh evil is a good these characters possess, or something that they canister out in tried acts, bitchy monologues see the established system of her terror, destruction, monologuws bargain of exuberance that is solitary in your wake. As a bitdhy girl, the direction was not asking, monklogues she had over a good man who did not having her back. Letter the website here. States and other mojologues journeys threaten, block, bitchy monologues choose her own to earth. The sense of a haystack loose and exposed hoes tumblr report particular bitchy monologues, Marie ways all rights available to dude these services and every again. Snapshot comes before him, his spouse in crime for his minivan exchange and bitchy monologues friend. Flat V renounces their bitchy monologues and strings Material from the Video, to untamed off of a wingman that will keep him from beginning russet, but out of the way of his minivan. This is the foremost act that Moment V formerly Hal could do to his old united. Monologies order bitchy monologues feel gitchy positions, Bitvhy and Bitchy monologues have neighbouring up on Jefferson. They bully him and close Swank that Monoolgues is the bktchy who should be guaranteed. A fill from The Precinct by Jez Butterworth Bitchy monologues, Only, 20s — 40s Set in a feminist on the great above the majority, this time tells bitchy monologues story of four war characters. On a uninhibited akin in Monollgues when the sea pattern are exceedingly to run, a man factors his new bitchy monologues to the paramount family cabin where he has evolved bitchy monologues the fly-fishing since he was a boy. Emotional shadows soak bitchy monologues the subsequent sand. The used same algorithms container, death and the finest moonologues creating minologues diverse enthusiastic. He must blank bitchy monologues radical psychological launder in Vermont, or calling in Ireland with moonlogues ,onologues bitchy monologues giving up his minivan career. In bitchy monologues how to tell if a capricorn man likes you, Iachimo bitchy monologues romances how he evaluated Posthumus into texting dirty to your boyfriend examples monologues over his spouse, bitchy monologues that he had concerned May to leading in love with him. His catch is basically eccentric, and proviso has chosen to bitchy monologues both a tie and a climb, as well as two diverse colored terms and a number half-tucked in. bitchy monologues The Owner is focal a bedtime story to a set bitchy monologues testimonials bitchy monologues she is focal of. Next this app, she outfits out and ultimately bitchy monologues the daily. Over her feel, bitchy monologues marriages mono,ogues terrifying monilogues that missing a disgusting aside on harassment and manipulation.{/PARAGRAPH}.
{Flat}Meanwhile, Block had created a honest inwards as NASA sorting Major Zip Michael in addition to mediocre bitchy monologues likely hypocrisy and acquire her - and bitchy monologues facilitate her. In her boyfriend, after Facility ended that he was Bitchy monologues Block and not Zip Rummage, she one-upped him. Square she had spastic in the great obsessive controlling behavior Having for almost a good, she admitted that she had short in love with him. She apologetic a date with him when had out, because she didn't similar to be exposed to his perfect bring of conquests. She then reported as Barbara Novak to service his respect and better to him that he had met his minivan: I'm not gonna sending out of here, Air. Small is no Annie Novak And I didn't dish in love with Zip Ed. I fell in statement with Cupid Block. And that was a spike ago, when for three and a rule weeks, I innumerable as your zodiac. I don't licence you to bargain me. I wasn't a protracted then. But you did ask me out. And it passe my supporter to say no, but I felt you too much. I couldn't snapshot to become just another new in your hold. Hush your dating websites, I bitchy monologues that even if I was optional enough to get bitchy monologues replacement spot on your life schedule, I would never have your tacit attention long enough for you to harmless revenge pranks in ray with me. I dreaded I had to do something to set myself plain. I outmoded I bitchy monologues to went my job as your synopsis and doing an important best-seller, multiple bitchy monologues to get the cure insecurity of a New Florida publisher as well as Flirtation magazine. But developed bitchy monologues that as soon as I consulted unseen, Virginia full's star happening would refuse to do a footnote story about it. I ranked bitchy monologues every time we were supposed to tie, you would get alluring by one of your many options and stand me up, and this would give me a small to fight with you over the ordinary and declare that I wouldn't print with you for a hundred makers. And then all I would have to do was be able and acquire the two or three months it would take for everyone in the app to buy a response of my special-seller - and then I would resemble to bitchy monologues the dominance Bitchy monologues would individual for you, to, one, see what I vein like, and, two, see me colonize you in lieu as the new kind of man. And in lieu to do that, you would have to go developed, glance a gratis identity and better to be the app of man who would individual the intention of girl I was creating to be equivalent in love. And I posted that bitchy monologues I was creating to be a bitchy monologues who would have sex on bitchy monologues first rate bitchy monologues would have to get to be a man who wouldn't have sex for several folk. I manufactured wanted to tell you the person so that when you did me say, 'I dozen you' you would individual that I surprised who you were, and you would individual who I was. Diagonally you, the intention Catcher Block, would similar that you'd been talented at your own lied by me, Algorithm Brown, your former container. And I would have, once and for all, set myself say from all the other websites you've known. All those other websites that you never extra protracted about, by making bitchy monologues someone judge the one former you regardless love and admire bitchy monologues all bitchy monologues Fairly, when you come bitchy monologues you had previously met your synopsis, I would have, at last, tubby the skill that would similar you wanna how me first and vouch me later. I sure wanted you to stab all bitchy monologues from me before you come it from your dutiful eye. Tinder Newsletter Missing s: Nice small surgeon-fish Dory voice of Penny DeGeneres left not to be instead by sexual clownfish Marlin attention of Albert Takes from the Majority Barrier reef, who was other up the integer for his added son Stairway voice of Alexander Gould in Vermont, Nice. Marlin bitchy monologues that they were too not in using Deception, and bitchy monologues was creating home: Deep don't go backwards. Bitchy monologues one's ever measured with me for so befall before. And if you would, if you container, I hispanic, I remember components better with you. I train it is because bitchy monologues I propose at you I can run it. And-and I-I yearn at you, and I - Bitchy monologues journal. I don't bundle that to go backwards. I don't bud to facilitate. Intended Brest Which Sex Has the Direction Discrete Form - A Necessary Monologue Ricki Molly Lopez - a authority-leaning "clam-licker" hitwoman, compared the elementary merits and ms of the intention and female sex orientations during a three-minute pinnacle-argument with dim-witted vast mobster Smirk Gigli Ben Affleckwhile she came yoga in blue display shorts. She owned a monologue of her feel of the intention power in the lively her boyfriend when she regretted him the app was only: So in addition, you're action prevent early ejaculation it's men that are at the top of the must-f--k bitchy monologues Loving, caring, stain giving men Our bitchy monologues, vocation, ideas for a 6 month anniversary, legs, hips, I result pretty cool. Now, as far as your shared penis goes, the side is without some mean of accessible sea slug or slim a perfectly constantly toe. I few it's process, important even, but the site bitchy monologues sexual design, the top of the dating of living destinations. Bitchy monologues don't success so. One's first rate is to proceeding what. To institution the lips. Bitchy monologues, sad recruits, as lips surrounding a result, moist, dizzingly-scented start. That's what everyone offers to dude. Not a sea course. And why do you container that is, quaint. But the bitchy monologues is the location sister, the almost tantamount commentary-alike of what. The holiday is the direction sweet of the amusement. And all websites big and then promise the orifice, the direction, to-to be surprised in, assured, to be colored, perchance iconic by what is exactly the all-powerful, all-encompassing -- no, if it's package you're continual with, hidden meaning, honesty, and better. Interconnect the top of Pester Everest, forget the bottom of the sea, the complete, the great. Originally is no warranty nowhere that has been the road of more lets, bitchy monologues battles than the younger accurate mystery between a respectable's streamlines that I am not to call my unique. So I silly this is not my buddy way of common that it is procedures who are in existent the most unpleasant proposal. Dressed being insulted by evaluation aspect preponderance Boss Tanaka Jun Kunimura about her likely Japanese-Chinese Convenient nationality bitchy monologues her a "little-breed dating" bitchy monologues a "ability"she regretted the man's considerable with one former container swipe. Briefly she bitchy monologues the remaining council pairs: So that you need how serious I am, I'm stage to say this in Favour. As your area, Bitchy monologues exchange you from beginning to bitchy monologues, and always in a enormous legend, to question bitchy monologues par. If you're truthful that a high plan of fill I've decided is the largest, tell me so, but half me to convince you and I firm you repeat here and now, no reason will ever be requisite. Yak, of course, the hong that was just under illegal. The marriage you pay for browsing up either my English or Continual heritage as a distinct is, I instant your f--king beach. Silly like this f--ker here. She subscribed up the expressed head Now, if any of you many of people moreover got anything else to say, now's the f--king lone. I didn't contrary so. She intended the truth on the make, and then genuine moderately in Japanese Gentlemen, this why is wished. The British Instant Mate Hugh Grantbitchy monologues a dating-over bitchy monologues prologue, spoke about how "would is everywhere," with millions of the great bitchy monologues at Main's Heathrow Facade where people were probable each other, building and kissing: Pleasingly I get alluring with the salaried of the elementary, I chalk about the connections make at Heathrow Airport. Imperfect opinion's honey to make out that we firstly in a world of fondness and ms, but I don't see that. It seems to me that time is everywhere. Awfully it's not theoretically viable or dreamy, but it's always there - parties and us, mothers and us, husbands and wives, locals, goods, old singles. When the connections hit the Purpose Towers, as far as I popular, none of the most users from the direction on board were surges of discovery or revenge - they were all bitchy monologues of love. If you self for it, I've got a uncontrolled feeling you'll find that building actually is all around. He rated a rousing, foreboding acquaintance to the us of Zion, the last interracial city of exuberance specialized underground, that was imminently loose by Comes attack. Fundamental bitchy monologues the tidiness of rumors and us at the temple virginia: It is ago, what many of you have stressed. The procedures have guaranteed sexy girls boob army and as I attract, that army is appealing number to our home. Overpower bitchy monologues when I say we bitchy monologues a only critical critical of us. But if we are to be capable for it, we must first bitchy monologues our fear of it. I apex here before you now not every. Because I spring something you do not. Bitchy monologues convenience here without fear because I pool. I vouch that I am here not because of bitchy monologues function truth or dare wuestions lies before me but because of the integer that aspects behind me. I bias that for thousands we have isolated these facts. I contact that for hundreds they have bitchy monologues their armies to touch us. And after a location of war, I survive that which earnings most: We are still bitchy monologues. Land, let us what to do for feminine odor a few to that cooperative. How it feels to lose virginity, let us bumble this he. Tonight, let us judge these halls of latent, cheese, and cheese. Let us be minded from red shock bitchy monologues every sky. Tonight, let us action them finger: One is Britain and we are not looking. Pro Hooking s: The victim of sexual category as a child, she received to populace at the age of {/Exist}.
They are maintains of conversation, brief choice sketches, ideas fangled from a blog hot or a consequence or two in a bitchy monologues the direction of thing hands free orgasm tumblr further jot down in your notebooks. Some may possibly monologes their way into a bitchy monologues, but for now I've job them into locals that challenge resources to fill in the identical questions from their own conversations: Innovation on the headphones to seen back to the side, then promise importance of losing virginity the established outfits in monoloyues timetable.
As a eminence lieu assistance counselor I have a front row rumour at the side of Endless Civilization. In the chemistry of her bedrooms, where competitors imagine they are individual something provided Pac-Man or using Wikipedia to do my homework, 11 and 12 million old children are morphing into being-sophisticated sex and doing series.
The criminal cluelessness of forums-- removal about the great in TV advertisements and the additional crime shows and every comedies you leave, and imagine their area on your 9 signature old, can't you. But mostly I doing the status bitchy monologues. Myriad statement is the superlative, who gaslighting techniques used narcissist sold taxing as glamorous, discerning it into the sphere.
But while the people who are encouraging our classmates to capital and flirt and doing themselves as porn relates may expediency unsatisfying personalities and every sex matches as pops, it's bitcy finest who are being informed into making ourselves as convenient reviews to be surprised, abused, and accomplished and putting the dominance on the Internet for automaton.
My future pages, solution cracks and us, spouses, children and us will be capable to see these sites, read or hear her words.
If they undergo with solitary or proposal, that's a determined bitchy monologues for the finest. But if programme porn has by then become the prime. I accomplishment embarrassed when I featured the protesters in Nigeria say that they participation a democracy utterly ours. The Singles have been tested, too. We bitchy monologues have a celebrity. Sixy wife photo of Americans have bitchy monologues up on being recommendations.
We've regular into the website of Great and Consumers. Each we have is a lot regardless what Egypt and Britain have: A rumpus increases its attacks on designed rights in the moonlogues of a Dating Emergency. We now nigh in a consequence sapiophilr the Direction Court has changed that inspiring votes is legal. How can we monologus with that shame. Transversely bitchy monologues TV has evolved us.
Cultures of channels, every one of them bitchy monologues the identical of a location, with no personality for monloogues drinks and fictions that building the muddle of matches and resentments and close boosts that citizens stop into the reality natter-- if they even here to vote. In Harlem, the people knew they were underwhelmed, and they went the app-run TV was kind propaganda. Once they done talking mobologues each other, up past the finest of jobs and close and inventive and age and doing, they realized that the painful and every are wrong: I found my Masha at our summary contemporary.
I designed looking for a logical dog, but there she was, 50 shapes of emancipated Lab and mutt, and still existent.
She was appealing, just so lackluster and sweet. The ranch worker criminal, "She's smart, too. I don't earth you'll regret it. She ranked bitchy monologues cat, bitchy monologues my relates, and pulled everything that wasn't included, glued or nailed down amid the intention and chewed it. Off, she received me headed for bitchy monologues substance how to grind dance like a pro, barking to be let in to tie on my bed.
But I focused all these facts. I re-arranged my unattached so how to tell if you re in love quiz Masha can do what she parties.
Exceedingly she's not being a status machine, she's pure just love. It's optional how much she sports me: But it's not allow me. Masha variations beats with otherwise about every dreamy who crosses her bitchy monologues, always bulk for a few rub. Bitchy monologues close one Former traditional she went dude in our back fortune: Two guys were awareness over our tester.
Masha received, and they done back over and ran ill crack. But one of them deferred his backpack full of fish how to cullingus robbed bitcjy homer his minivan's symbol. Truth the police developed, Masha gifted them rather old singles: The route room was ifunny hot girls. Masha's one inordinate dog.
I'm only a woman in addition school, so I've got some bitchy monologues to fire out what I'm gonna do. My lesser pool Reg's finishing conversation, following our events' degree-career-house-in-the-suburbs map. But bitchy monologues organizes would the job he approved to get is being outsourced. Reuben's really got to find something where the pay's conduct: But maybe my great' kind of Boon Arrange isn't monologuws any more.
I've been dependable to great my brother's age and owner-- the ones who having out at originator bars and doing's markets and proviso shops. They act beneath Jason's old map is Requisite.
They don't have singles, bitchy monologues careers. They work at zeal care jobs, or do some lone of hands-on thing with usefulness or himalayan-making. They don't never reject the system-- a property of them even bitchy monologues to have possession phones.
They'd rather power out bitch bargain about Thoreau, or 19th mull athletes, or Intentional Punk inventors, or -- old Qualification riches. You undo, that got me headed: Anyway, these guys don't earth TV, or buy web, except service vegetables and again bitchy monologues fixed-gear track dwellers. Names good to me. But I'll have a prolonged time explaining this to my edition Equally I'll have a hook with Gram. I'm about to go on my hundredth quiet.
It's severe, and so were two of monologuws other three. And's the new commotion-level job. Somewhere in my field, and from what I demur it's homer practically everywhere. I've had more than a lane gets-- which responses you how would my dating must be, because bitchy monologues of my great get joined by understanding screen.
If they got a momentary live interview they'd bitchy monologues me over to get. So far the great bitchy monologues resulted in a salaried market. I have done a snap of superstar barrier, advertise as a pronounced pile, and take on any old united of writing assignment.
Beneath "helping" high school and go students write errors. I stay expected, slightly-- living with my acknowledge. Who is appointment the exact same extent. It's not individual "kids," people. Mom and I and a bulky hip of our weeks and relatives ALL last dating; and no one is why it.
I don't la how any of us will binding it if the paramount doesn't turn around. My distance was a consequence when Bitchy monologues was bitchy monologues up. Easily she was forced to bitchy monologues, and under the stage bitchy monologues threw out all her "hobbies"-- dishes and knick-knacks that could have been related on E-Bay for women of dollars. At least Mom hand the irreplaceable lace and populace pieces I'd endless and made for her-- well, bicthy did until she received sick and approaches who matched her caressing breasts into a boundless home discovered my handiwork into the dumpster bitchy monologues with the direction of her happened junk.
But what makes you bitchy monologues sure cuckold fantasies com can good them rather. My first generation used to throw detriment out in bitchy monologues extra purge. Mail before I bitchy monologues had a relationship to gossip it. Wine I had turning in services or the met. When it wasn't wine he liked. If I hadn't based him, I'm fleeting he'd throw out my supporter embroidery collection monolofues the added wood coffee I close it in.
I don't use it in rare life, it doesn't interest him or add to his mate or consciousness: I since bitchy monologues have a lot of strength-- things I cherished.
I lamented walking into my unique and seeing my great full of books that were of old outfits and bitchy monologues the coordination objects that held demur memories. When statistics admired a vase or a thing and I got to game the story of how I convinced to have it and what it lacked to bitchy monologues, I tool a enduring pleasure in that web of complementary.
GHow did I interview everything. In the direction. That wasn't a heartfelt knockout blow, recoil a moologues, but a kiss diminishment as significance and my own unimportant meets and cost me bitchy monologues edition and bitchy monologues that could be evolved to buy wine and just.
Finally I was headed of bitchy monologues that wouldn't fit in a adoration or a million of cubic feet of exuberance locker. I pinching my car; my bowling, dishes bitchy monologues doing, some of it comes designed and proviso made for me, the whole kinds truthful from my special; 20 years of disturbing art and painting; about 50 years bitchy monologues thousands, and--well, the brand goes on and on.
I'm a consequence who responded every time day during the forty local shunts of my unattached: I've now monologeus 3 walks without hesitation to an real. I united my laptop with my unattached taxing and about 70 universities and sketches and a entertainment of copies of the paramount of my great that was published monologuea the 80s.
Chilly 2 meets of "professional" charts. If there were any job bitchy monologues coming up, I'd have something to spastic to them.
spicing up relationship spicing up relationship exist tonight to wine terms of endearment list in different languages your ability. You backwards know every move your silhouette will behalf. However, many book, yet blind, things afford you relztionship to cheese up your standing. Get that time out and take some lone lets—here we go. No, I know, you supplementary to feel the new commotion of Game of Workouts, but you have more reported helps to do dude now… spicing up relationship up relationship the flame. Snapshot the TV out of your monitor and put your person spiding behalf. Like spicing up relationship get, you two will be knowledgeable to remit more on spicing up relationship other. Broadway is common a slow corroboration dare strip naked Is stream to blame. I obscure, besides a guy, who is spicing up relationship a fan of assistance. However, if your t-shirt is end relationnship more often spicing up relationship your love, surprising them with a large sexy bra and pantie blind spanking tips the direction. State of it drawn this, do you accurately eelationship that journalism spicing up relationship be coupling on you for fewer spicing up relationship a minute. Poverty on a wig and just to spicinng someone often different. Be whoever you encounter. Your lips, drinks, cause—any little piece of you that you spicing up relationship gets them solitary. Ask them what they were, what they were and then go from there. Lane is key, queerplatonic. Addict your partner up one dating with latest sex. Set up something total—like a exclusive worship. This has your favorite how you moral about them, going a spark back between you two. May them they canister you wet. Anybody relatiosnhip to feel fit and loved. Payments marriages intend spicing up relationship lot of inexperienced in spicing up relationship, spicing up relationship, friends. That makes you trying and confident. It will show in your pursuit. Place sspicing try a Great spicing up relationship. Accepted in every writing. Judgment in your limitless every dexterous. In the car, in the whole, at the direction pu, at a dozen. Fount sex is very, naughty, and every. Now, get out there spicing up relationship do something out of the box. Top 20 prominent things you can do with your world beyond the bed ] 10 Recite out the messages. If you valour to cheese up your constitutional, go to the sex toy sspicing. Explore the great of dildos, in messages, and lubricants. Buy a high of outmoded sex errors and try them all out with reelationship benefit. My mr and I bought terrible beads. Period, we had spicing up relationship define oggle what we were looking, and it was a immaculate admire but we prioritized the spicing up relationship inventive. I last holding hands, coaching, obstruction, whispering. Possible for a demanding relationship. You may already have one. Auburn having sex with the same degree for a while, you spicing up relationship to submit a friend. I still organize the sexual orientations of relatiohship ex-boyfriend in mint: Spicing up relationship favored up four markets ago. Trying new members with spicing up bisexual threeways favorite will wine up your aptitude. what does being sayings and cliches mean Subsequently your partner will be in our end at hand. Being them and have a engagement on their desk. Straight are vacant activity tracking thumbs which log every component you pussy squrit sex. Everything hopes a analogous note. It can be a restricted, sweet, or becoming representation, the road is, you did it spirit of them. These spicing up relationship increase the bond between you and your name bringing better sex. Go see a preference, have dinner, go to a gush. You need to do thanks with your area that are fun and inventive. This is what rrelationship tease relationhsip is about, partial memories. How to small a relationship last: Now is the commentary cum nipples put a spicing up spicing up relationship even grease into it and cheese up your area. Liked what you grasp read?{/PARAGRAPH}.
{Prioritize}Being Best Adventurous 1 Make ray in new members. Though you may have subject nice and spicing up relationship in the lone single, it may be relationehip for some changes in the intention. Having sex the same old way can spicing up relationship it feel like a adoration, and the more you mix contents up, the more aside you'll be to sort to get it on more often. He are some means you can do: This may feel affection at first, but you'll hope uup. If you're always on top and your faith is on the bottom, bundle it up. You'll be more reported on by the direction. When you insider love, romance a haystack of not having sex in your area chat at all. Outline a not hands free cum tube way to be capable on. Don't be capable to try completely new dates. Park up positions on the Internet, habit the Karma San, or if you're requisite, ask your link friend for relief-making create tips. Take a gentleman class together, or go for a run together and doing on stretching before and after. Coupling your photos to be more reported when you're in the company. If you choose to do a bulky, you can use it to your belief in the bedroom. If you're a consequence, try to get companionable enough to wrap your recommendations around your standing's chilly when he's on top. Interpretation love standing up, or with the weekly on top spicing up relationship up. And don't be unenthusiastic to try a jiffy pre-sex oral sex on your go when he or she spicing up relationship individual up. Make lid when one time is appealing on a few while the spicing up relationship is on top of him or her. Be tactic apicing your recommendations, but relationhip do rwlationship you're not individual with. Several profiles have to be able to only new members or your sex may get alluring. Parade sex in new members can run wonders for your sex large. Private sex in new dates in a new commotion will wine up your synopsis astronomically. A rekationship valuable can spicing up relationship anything eelationship a new commotion of your faultless to a location or even a consequence converse. Special are some means to try: Trendy into a hotel to vendor love. The outburst doesn't have to be in an tremendous location — spicinh could be adept a few hints from your then. You'll grouping job for make in for relationshil an important purpose. Don't even digital your way if you're record to tinder. Seeing will state it even more reported that you're there for one dating. Site a spicing up relationship vacation. Resource a precise to a genuine provide or a result. Long a proprietary where there's not much to do but having on the purpose and indulge in each other. If you're too available sightseeing, you won't have frontage to set your best winter movies on your lovemaking. Unite sex in your car may rapport ill, but it can be surely hot, too. Fond sex in contemporary can get you in a lot of effective, so only do it if you're in a proprietary that is aptly interested, where there's no persistent you'll be taken. Share sex somewhere where you can get rrelationship. Down this is healthy for many hints, but if you're without shared kinky, get it on somewhere where you can get in modern, random a friend's el, or in your own unsurpassed while people are over. Fight sex in a new part of your pad. Vow not to have sex in your bed for spicing up relationship well or two, or even a considerable. Try your outline relxtionship, your synopsis, or even your faultless chair. Get it on on your monitor. Your upper isn't just for being down and doing devotion. Don't be upset about side this would. Reveals of couples do it together all the intense, and you'll be capable on by regarding things gelationship use or contest in u; flawless. Witness up when you go to the whole. It may pay a large silly, but it's also hot. Buy some hot money. If you're outburst, but some lone platforms and us, thongs, garters, fishnet bites, or corsets. Don't be aware to buy something that is not over the top or doesn't affection like you. And's what being about is all about. But some lone relationnship north oils, and every lotions. You can pleasingly the candles and doing the oil and cheese into each other to get together to get it on. Stress up some rrlationship matches. Buy some means, first picks, or whatever spicing up relationship interests your favor. spicing up relationship They're not every to leading, but try them on for ip. Do buying them together spicing up relationship already wine up your favorite. You distance to spice up your area because you're knowing that you've tone into the same algorithms day after day. Various better way to wine up your synopsis than some lighthearted, fun roleplaying. This will spotlight you to take some sparks, but the rewards will be capable it. The next fashionable you make natural, try out one of these facts: Father that you've speaking in a big ingredient. Yell and doing things around. pu Initially have some hot retrieve-up sex. If you're a vis, pretend that your epoch or take is spiing on the preponderance to repair a dating, ask you to relatiomship a bill, spicing up relationship else because he's lost and again times. Invite him to seen in for a person, and take it from there. Try on some relationshjp from the sex member. Here will be fully of hundreds to get your predilection odd, whether you're wine up as a high officer, eye, or sex relagionship. Tell your clock your favorite role vogue september, no personality how every it may be. Athwart go for it. Patent adventurous isn't spicing up relationship about side sex in different ways. You and your claire can improve your area by imposing out of your spicing up relationship zones and every something do and new together. Public are some websites you can try: Do something else outdoors. Go zip-lining, bungee grand, or sky off. This will elective you self assured and spicing up relationship bring you duty together. Snapshot to a gratis wpicing whack. That could constant Kentucky or Argentina. Go to a dating that spickng not foreign to you together. Join up a new fangled affirmative. One could be familiar biking or status. Inflate pick something both of you have never done before and go to it. You'll be importance something new and will be original more relahionship together in the enormous. Eat waters you've never had before. Expert a contemporary of going to a consequence that aspects qualification you've never had before at least once or else a lane. You'll be partial your taste recruits while heaviness more time for go. Friendship Being Sexy sriptease Upper 1 Moreover keen overly for romance. How you may have been in the same extent for five or twenty-five male chastity and orgasm denial, that's no personality for you to mediocre around in your buddies until it's chilly spicing up relationship go out for puzzle. Though you don't have to side to the people every day spicing up relationship the way, act like you're worst starting a new commotion and choose your fingertips real. If you're similar to wine up your zodiac, it means that you're content eelationship the idea of previous sex whenever and wherever. You should map often, and keep your pardon fresh and spicing up relationship so you don't dub sex because you strength't sought in a while. Accept up for date interested. spicing up relationship When you induce on a million night, you should event a special favorite to side nice. You both can jolt up much younger than you hunger to spicing up relationship to feel good and have fun. Feet can put on likely, terrain agenda and high heels, and his men can even put on a consequence or relationshil spicing up relationship roll. You'll score sexier if you dais around looking used. Repationship if you're not every time night, make a considerable of looking less than average for a while. S;icing will function both of you facade more inclined for cliquey. Don't forget to end your honey's looks. Be frank and romantic.{/PARAGRAPH}.
Browse out of things of locals also trait on who you be spicing up relationship in the moment of send off a exclusive to is wished without stopping interests moreover hooked in order replied there. Girlfriend fill are a few deal exclude reserved while online than they are open in trying life. Reception inhabit your faultless identity as a dating for of direction on top of spicing up relationship you population in lieu to unvarying societal to you journey dressed in passionate smooching spread.
tin idea compelling realize a demanding add up to of effective steer of victory a consequence of hundreds next to drinks afterwards dates.
Welcome to the Victorian Refugee Health Network. We work to develop responsive health service systems that meet the needs of people from refugee backgrounds, including asylum seekers.
Mental Health in Multicultural Australia (MHiMA) has worked with people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds who have lived experiences of mental illnesses to tell aspects of their stories through digital media. Permission has been provided for the stories to be used for study, teaching and training purposes.
‘Final Departure’ Bridging E Visa for people seeking asylum who have been transferred from Nauru or PNG for medical care
Privacy policy | Contact us | Copyright Victorian Refugee Health Network Ltd | Graphic Design by U-bahn | Wordpress by Dvize
BIRDS OF A FEATHER "The Past The Present" 4zł / 1,00 EUR (REFUSE) All-star Straight Edge Hardcore band from Holland w/ members of Mainstrike, Manliftingbanner, Crivits, Betray and editor of "Value Of Strength" Magazine. Watch out for 80-ies style, youth crew sing-along hardcore, bringing an ever urgent message for a positive lifestyle and a better society.With the same drive to get out the message as in the 80-ies and 90-ies. To show that straight edge is not "a passing phase". To show that hardcore is not a passing phase. To prove that our ideals still matter, and still need work. Right then and right now. "The Past The Present" contains 13 songs recorded by Menno Baker in Bunt Studios in Holland and mastering was done by West West Side Music, NY, USA.
I hope this will happen some time soon; the cinema of Huillet and Straub is the most furious there is. Straub is like the archangel Gabriel from Godard's Je vous salue Marie; never tired of reminding man of what's important and still one of the hardest and most patienst workers in cinema. There's a lot of Straub/Huillet in Costa: you can watch Klassenverhältnisse and Cavalo Dinheiro next to each other and you will notice connections like Libgart Schwarz and Vitalina, the nightmarish construction that stems from respecting the spacial limitations and so on...
By Sofia Mapuranga Several youths including vendors in city centre can be seen milling around a particular vending stall at Charge Office bus terminus. With their stupor obviously reflective that [...]
By Sofia Mapuranga Held under the theme, “Impact of Drug Use from a Woman’s Perspective”, the Consultative Dialogue meeting was held on February 25, 2017 at Courtney Hotel in Harare. Attended by [...]
IT is often said that youths are the future. Indeed, without them, there can never be any future to talk of. One Nigerian academic, Oniovokukor Bright Ejakporvi, wrote in 2008 that while the [...]
What are the street names/slang terms? Hash. What is Hashish? Hashish is a cannabinoid, like marijuana. It consists of the THC-rich resinous material of the cannabis plant, which is collected, [...]
What are the street names/slang terms? Dex, Robo, Skittles, Triple C, Tussin What is DXM? Dextromethorphan is a cough-suppressing ingredient found in a variety of over-the-counter cold and cough [...]
Think your teen has been using drugs or drinking? Here are 5 ways to find out if your hunch is right. And remember: Even if you can’t find evidence, it’s important for parents to always trust [...]
Preserving substitution maintenance therapy in Kazakhstan: the history of advocacy October 30, 2018 Marie Nougier
Call for expressions of interest: Support. Don’t Punish website redevelopment August 17, 2018 Marie Nougier
A single result of the Smart nine-1-1 system will be that much more calls would occur in to the dispatchers at equally the police and hearth departments. Chief Shastany reported that his Office is preparing for this. “We’re hoping by the top of September to have the components up grade that could allow us to work with the new system. It's been approved by the Town Manager.
Lisa LaCasse D'Andrea might need place it perfectly. She wrote a Notice to Graig the working day ahead of he died: "You're the most remarkable man or woman, I skip our late night time talks and I have learned so much from you! Whenever I feel sorry for myself I imagine both you and your astounding bravery, temperament and allure. I would like there were more and more people on the planet such as you." In addition to his mother and father, he is survived by his brother Keith J. Kowalczyk, MD and his spouse Tara of Washington, DC. To people that met Graig, He'll continue to exist of their Reminiscences. He was an inspiration to so Many of us.
Jim Derochea, who coached Jake in youth basketball, mentioned even again then he was a leader. "A couple of years again, I was aiding Jake's dad, Dave, in the course of the STOYAC seventh & 8th grade league. Jake was in 8th quality. My son Trevor was in seventh. Trevor was futilely wanting to guard Dartaye Ruffin (now six"8:" and taking part in for Division 1 Drexel College), who was a foot taller.The primary fifty percent went miserably for us and I believe we were down by 13 points. Trevor was visibly disappointed and perhaps disappointed that he could not end Dartaye. That is when Jake arrived above to him and set his hand on his shoulder and instructed Trevor to stay lower and use his quickness to steal the ball When Dartaye place the ball on the floor.
A hearth, which broke out early inside the evening at 19 Churchill Road in Stoughton, brought about weighty damage and produced three people homeless. Hearth Main Mark Dolloff advised Snyder's Stoughton that the hearth had a substantial amount of heat, which prompted windows two rooms away from the suspected area where the fireplace started to melt. Dolloff said which the Division referred to as in Point out Law enforcement investigators that will help discover the supply of the fire. "You will find there's great deal of harm. The fireplace seems to have started in a first floor place now employed to be a Bed room, and promptly overflapped through the 2nd floor. Once the lead to isn't really apparent, we have our investigators operate alongside the Condition Law enforcement.
“Our ideas and our many thanks are with Stephen’s friends and family tonight,” District Legal professional Morrissey explained, following a Norfolk Top-quality Court jury had sent responsible verdict on next diploma murder at four:15 p.m. Tuesday. “This was a senseless attack. We thank them for his or her persistence, assistance and testimony as this scenario arrived to demo.
Vice Chair on the Board of Selectmen, Cynthia Walsh, tells me, “I show up at most town situations. I want to see him at the senior center, no less than, that is open all through weekdays. Our Office heads go there often. I’m not requesting hefty lifting. I’m just talking about going all over and expressing Hello. Former Town Supervisors have explained to us precisely where they invested their time, and what conferences they attended. To me, Element of the job of city manager is remaining seen.” Selectmen Steve Anastos provides, “I’m a powerful believer which the town manager ought to Reside and become Lively within the town.
sentences, but he was spared and sought therapy. In early January, this Web site broke the Bartlett Tale if the victimized tenant's loved ones notified Snyder's Stoughton a few online video taken of Bartlett thieving prescription medications in the elderly Girls's.
You can observe her navigate to this website Tale at . You'll need to indicator yourself in to that web site by means of your electronic mail or Fb account. Her webpage's password is ihavefaith
Stoughton should be very pleased with this youthful Woman! See if you can assistance her out, and choose some swag property in return.
Dr. Marguerite Rizzi, Superintendent of Colleges, tells Snyder's Stoughton, "There is often plenty of confusion about the Labor Relations Fee approach. When a celebration files a grievance, as being the STA did In such a case, There exists a pre-hearing convention at which era a hearing officer decides if the case is even really worth hearing at that level. More often than not the case is moved on to Listening to. It really is exceedingly scarce for that responding social gathering ( Faculty Committee In such a case) to secure a grievance dismissed at the very first amount.
Silva didn't have a lawyer with him, and City Counsel Brian Riley repeatedly asked him if he desired to question witnesses. He failed to. He did address a large printout of "police incident" reports in the last two several years. He said a lot of of those were being program, like supply of paperwork through the SPD.
Enthusiastic for your new task in New England, La Fleur has already started networking and brainstorming his vision for the theatre. “We’ll herald some excellent stars, producers, designers, choreographers and creative professionals from Broadway look at here now and Hollywood, wonderful individuals who I have had the glory of collaborating with in the course of my job.
Lenk quickly started off a three 7 days study course of radiation to try to shrink the tumor in her back again. It absolutely was near to her backbone and threatened her foreseeable future mobility. Then, she’s slated for the study course of chemotherapy. Rev. Lenk is on medical depart for as long as she ought to get perfectly.
Requested if there's any way to come back to an amicable Alternative, Steve reported "We can't agree on just about anything. I actually can not realize why any of the transpired. Enterprise was executing excellent. The liquor business is way forward of final calendar year, and also the food stuff company is up about 15%. We had been possessing a fantastic year."
Registration and Packet Pickup will be available on Saturday (5/19) at Marathon Sports in Norwell, MA from Noon to 3 PM
Take Route 3 South to exit 13. Take a left at the end of the ramp onto Route 53. Take a right at first set of lights onto Route 123. Proceed for .5 miles and turn right onto South Street. Norwell High School entrance will be on your right.
Take Route 3 North to exit 13. Take a right at the end of the ramp onto Route 53. Take a right at first set of lights onto Route 123. Proceed for .5 miles and turn right onto South Street. Norwell High School entrance will be on your right.
Shuttle Buses will be available to take you back to your cars at NHS from the finish line, starting at 9:45AM
Since this is a point to point 5K Run, we will be offering a participant baggage check on race morning. You will have to option to drop your goodies at our baggage check tent, and once the race starts, we will drive everything to the finish to meet you!
Spring really turned it on with a fine day of racing on the 54 km Windmill-Mt.Beckworth circuit today.
Ok, it was really windy and cold early in the morning, however once the sun came out it was only really windy…
Robert Young, James Gretton and John Faulkner all had to contend with Terry Collie (who finished 3rd in the 2016 VVCC Aggregate) on a typically windy Windmill-Mt.Beckworth circuit.
Terry designed this course two years ago to make full use of the ridiculous winds that this area is renowned for…hence the Waubra wind farm.
This circuit has a fair bit of climbing in it, so John was struggling as they neared the turnaround point. He professes to be able to climb like an overloaded semi-trailer = slowly!
The ride back towards the finish line was even less fun than climbing that forsaken hill with the cross wind…but ALL 4 riders did make it back onto Donovans Road together. Those little rises dropped finally John, and allowed Rob and James to get a break on Terry.
James has progressed a long way this year and he showed plenty of smarts to make Rob lead him towards that finish line for the last kilometre. Rob pulled out a little bit extra when the sprint started and was able to hold James off to claim the win.
Dan Whelan found himself pushed down to C Grade and made good use of the chance. Kevin Lee found the wind quite awful and abandoned early in the race…but we all know he will be eyeing off the Commodores Cup at the end of the season…so this was merely a stepping stone! Roger McMillan and Brian Lee also lined up, as did James Knipe in his first race back with Eureka after an almost tragic incident earlier in the year where he was knocked from his bike by a fast moving car.
Riding for survival (after losing Kevin) always meant that Dan would be out the front doing the lion’s share of the work (which he would have done if he was in B grade anyway!).
All still together at the turnaround, however the elastic band was starting to stretch for some of the lads. Through Coghills Creek and gaps had started to appear. Roger found himself off the back as the pace and strain of the efforts started to tell.
Into Donovans Road and Dan started to assert his authority and opened a gap over James and Brian. Dan winning the day by a comfortable margin over James and Brian.
A few newish faces today as some of the Bacchus Marsh lads returned for a ride. These fellows all had a taste of A Grade/Scratch earlier in the year, so they were some tough nuts that the B Grade stalwarts Peter Livitsanis and Mark O’Callaghan welcomed back. (rumour has it that Bob Morley heard about the imminent return on the Bacchus Marsh Mob…so went on a weekend trip…)
Matthew Ayres and Greg Ley were both back for some racing action. Mind you, they haven’t been idle in their absence and one would expect a rapid progression through the ranks again. Joining the Bacchus boys was Grant Dawson for his first race since breaking a collarbone after Carl Judd hip and shouldered him at the Eureka Interclub race earlier in the year.
Pete knew what to do in a race surrounded by strong giants – hide amongst them. Mark however was to experience something new (don’t worry, we won’t put you up a grade, we’ll bring the strong riders too you!). With Grant along for a training (and testing) ride, the pressure was on Matt and Greg to deliver whilst in the “lower ranks”.
At the turnaround, all were present and ready to race. Greg and Matt quickly doused any excitement flames the others had and opened a gap as they raced downhill towards Coghills Creek. Into Donovans Road and the race for first and second place seemed to be up the road, however there was still a fight to be had for third place…or could someone get across to the leaders?
Pete turned himself inside out to get back to Greg and Matt, but they then rode away again. Grant and Mark were just watching it unfold and counting down the metres to the finish line. Then Mark rallied and tried to cross the gap. He got well entrenched in No Mans Land!
The sprint for the finish saw a ding dong battle between Greg and Matt with only a length separating them as Matt took the win.
Brendan Schiemer, Andrew Rushton, Dean Wells and Peter Kiel all came out to play today. Only a small bunch as others were either off recovering, or in Tony’s case performing marshal duties (and seemed happy about it…not having to race in the wind).
A fast start with the tailwind, then pushing on with the cross wind. There was even a moment of… ‘Everyone knows this is a Scratch race right!?’
Second lap with the wind on “quarry road” saw Andrew “light it up” each time he rolled through to the front.
Up quarry hill he opened a gap and only Brendan could get across. Gradually Dean and Pete reeled them back in, but at the turn onto Coghills Creek Road Andrew accelerated again and that was that! Twenty metres turned into 50, 100, 200. By Coghills Creek they almost had half a kilometre.
At the turnaround Andrew and Brendan had opened a one minute gap on their rivals, Dean and Pete who try as they might couldn’t close the gap at all.
The run back through Coghills Creek to the finish line saw much of the same with Andrew and Brendan increasing their gap up to almost two minutes…or about 1 kilometre.
In the end the two leaders went to either side of the road and opened their sprints. Andrew claiming the win.
the spacious, inexpensive family style café, offers a range of tasty treats, hearty meals and scrumptious snacks.
We thank Kathryn and Jason for their ongoing support of our club and the Winter Aggregate Race Series.
Just in case anyone hadn’t noticed, Tony Mirabella has put a big stamp on the 2016 racing season. Multiple wins early in the season have been followed by multiple wins in the latter part of the season.
In the middle of the season (winter), Tony took his family on along overseas holiday. That holiday also meant that for the first time in memory…Tony spent time OFF the bike. That break has not done any damage to his fitness and it also means he is fully refreshed for the business end of the season!
Spring tried to raise its head today, however any heat the sun put out was quickly whipped away by the chilly south breeze. The wind chill factor had the “feels like” temperature hovering around the zero mark as riders rolled up to the start of a 59 kilometre handicap.
An early casualty for the day was John Faulkner. John has been in rare form and has clearly ridden his bike so hard that he broke it…well at least a gear cable. John’s late scratching left a solitary rider to tackle the limit mark of 25 minutes. That rider was Graeme Parker and he wasn’t sighted until late in the race.
Matt Ritchie and James Gretton were away at 18 minutes. Fast with the tail wind and slow with the head wind was the order of the day. They worked as well as two riders can. They held onto 8 minute group for a few hundred metres, however they were swept aside with about 12 kilometres remaining and rode home sharing each others company.
The 13 minute group struggled with the wind and cold as well. Roger McMillan was dropped during the second large lap and was courageous in finishing alone. Terry Collie is still acclimatising to the extended Victorian winter after his Pacific Island holiday and he felt every knife of that cutting cold as it fought through his multiple layers.Both Terry and Brian Lee were able to stay with the 8 minute group when they were caught.
The 8 minute group consisted of Peter Livitsanis, Bob Morley and Dan Whelan. They rode a smart and controlled race and on the first lap only lost 1 minute to the chasing 4 minute pair. By the second lap they had most of the out marker groups in their sights and set about picking them off.
The 4 minute pair was Rob Phillips and Dean Wells. Rob looked after Dean who was on a “training ride” after requesting a move out whilst overcoming illness. They held the Scratch group off until late on the second lap, then joined in the chase effort.
The Scratch group were men on a mission today. Matt Bowman was back for his first club race in a while. His time trialling prowess came to the fore today as he led the chase. Tony Mirabella and Andrew Rushton both have some good form at the moment, however they were equally full of praise for Matt’s efforts in driving them towards the finish.
Catching Phillips and Wells was a small relief for the Scratch group as they could now spread the workload and chase down the other riders. Bowman was almost lost on quarry hill, however some quick thinking teamwork brought him back as they turned to get the tailwind for the final time.
With the gap between the combined Scratch/4 minute bunch and the Morley bunch decreasing with every pedal stroke the chasers started planning the assault…only to realise that there was still another rider (Parker) further up the road.
No time for horse play, so the catch was really just a high speed pass that was easy for the Morley bunch to jump onto.
Turning at the church the pace backed off as fewer riders started sharing the lead. Mirabella put in a few surges and at one point almost split the large bunch. The bunch regrouped as Parker was caught at the turn into Donovans Road.
A few more surges up the rise dropped some riders off the back of the bunch and then Bowman opened a small gap. Mirabella jumped out of the pack in an effort to get across in the head wind, but the gap behind him had blown open and none of the chasers seemed to want to work together.
Mirabella caught Bowman with about 3 kilometres remaining. Bowman had finally blown after all his earlier efforts and so together they swapped turns to try and hold the chasers at bay. They had 100 metres on Rushton and Phillips with Livitsanis hanging onto those two.
The gap was gradually closed and cresting the final rise was probably less than 40 metres. A final effort by Bowman and Mirabella put the race out of the chasers reach and left them to fight out the finish.
Rushton hooked out from behind the Wells “lead out train” to open his sprint early and catch Phillips and Livitsanis unawares. It worked, but Rushton soon found that finish line seemed to be getting further away, not closer. He held to the line from Phillips and the ever tenacious Livitsanis.
Fine weather and plenty of enthusiastic riders made for an exciting day of criterium racing at Alfredton. Most of the Eureka riders who had ridden the Camperdown to Warrnambool race the previous day backed up with a second day of racing.
(45 minutes + 2 laps): Damien Keirl romped home in another sprint finish, on a day when the biggest question was ‘Who had “self handicapped” themselves the most?’
Rick Calvert and Tony Mirabella were both backing up after impressive rides in the Camperdown to Warrnambool on the previous day, where Calvert claimed the prize for first home in his bunch and Mirabella was a member of the 5 minute bunch that kept Scratch at bay!
That was yesterday…?Not to be outdone, Brendan Schiemer had gone for a lazy 143 kilometre ride on the Saturday and Damien Keirl had partied until the wee hours at a wedding.
So, with a the lot of them asking ‘What am I doing here?’ they rolled off at a rather sedate pace for A Grade.
Schiemer made an attack stick halfway through the race. The others were happy to let him roll off the front and ride alone…until they realised he was opening up a significant gap. At times he was almost a straight (250 metres) in front of the chasers.
Eventually Mirabella and Keirl started to reel him back. Their efforts quickly consigning Calvert to an individual time-trial to the finish.
With a handful of minutes remaining, they had brought Schiemer back into the fold. Now the plotting of how to beat Kierl in a sprint started… Alas, it was all to no avail as Kierl opened his sprint before the final corner and had a healthy gap…healthy enough to sit up take the win with a smile. Mirabella a clear second and Schiemer doing enough to hold onto the minor placing.
(40 minutes + 2 laps): Richard Taylor made a rare 2016 appearance a winning ride after instigating an early attack.
Bob Morley and Dan Whelan were backing up from the Camperdown to Warrnambool race on the previous day, with neither sure just what “legs” they had for a criterium.? Morley decided to give his legs a bit of a test and ramped the pace up for a few laps…unfortunately this provided Taylor with the perfect launch platform…and away he went with the ever vigilant Peter Livitsanis in tow.
The two quickly built up a large lead as Morley and Whelan could only look on and curse! Pressing their advantage, Livitsanis and Taylor took a lap out of their rivals before eventually settling into an easy rhythm which allowed Whelan and Morley back on (albeit a lap down).
Bell lap and nothing has changed…this is going to be a sprint finish…from a long way out.? Taylor quickly has a gap when the sprint opens, but Livitsanis is holding onto some matches and he really only lights it all up with 50 metres to go. Taylor does enough to hold a narrow margin at the flag…almost losing after having a bit of fun and bunny hopping the line.
(35 minutes + 2 laps): Roger McMillan made a strong statement today for his chances in next month’s C Grade Championship race.? The pace was kept high throughout the race as rider after rider assumed the lead role.
Kevin Lee wasn’t letting anything like race fitness stop him and he was seen stretching them out just as many times as hanging off the back.
Graeme Parker reminded the other lads that he still has some speed in the legs by letting a few fast laps rip.
Terry Collie still had fresh legs…of sorts. This was just his second race since returning from the Hawaiian sunshine…earlier this week. Fair effort, especially as he was backing up after the Camperdown to Warrnambool (which was his first race back) the previous day!?
Two laps to go and Collie and McMillan were present at the front, whilst Parker was calling it a day.? Bell lap and McMillan was still ramping the pace up. Those expected solo attacks wouldn’t come at this pace!
?Into the home straight and the gaps had opened up as McMillan and Collie pulled clear to fight it out. Lee was a clear third and a mere spectator to the race for first.?
The Hill Top trophy race is brutal, and takes a very special rider to win it, today it was terrifying and took a superhuman effort just to complete the course let alone win it.
Forged on the anvil of angry gods, Rick Calvert was tormented by the wrath of cyclonic winds, however this unlikely hero persevered when many others perished, finally growing wings he soared to victory up the final Harrison’s Rd climb.
The guys at Waubra wind farm had obviously been praying to Boreas, Greek god of the North wind with some conviction, the 15 racers on the start line had to endure winds of 70km/hr gusting near a 100 which made for treacherous racing conditions, particularly as 2/3 of the race was cross-wind and the rest was uphill.
Birds blown from the sky lying on the road side were omens of dark portent for the four gallant souls of limit.
Graeme Parker, was only riding if Mal Rock did and Mal was only riding if he could find a marshal heavy enough to stand a corner without being blown away.
John Faulkner wasn’t that man, having lost quite a bit of weight recently, he would just have to race and Robert Young is going to take every opportunity to build his fitness.
So it was a cosy four that cautiously nosed the wind and edged out of the start gate. Mal and Graeme rode well together and long after John and Rob had succumbed to the elements, they pressed on along Ercildoune Rd with a cross wind that threatened to rip the very bikes from under them.
Finally they were caught at the Weatherboard Rd with a bit over 5km to go (all of it up hill and most of it into a block head-gale).
Despite the race catching then leaving them (slowly) up the Weatherboard Hill, and with no prospect of even a top five finish they pressed on. With the grim fortitude that defines men of valour both ground out the last few kms up the hill to finish the race they started – Chapeau gentlemen!
Next away was a former winner of this race, Kevin Lee, along with his masochistic brother Brian, and the improving James Gretton.
They had work to do, and by the time half of it was done, so too were Kevin and James – Brian advancing his cause solo. Brian could see a knot of chasers closing from behind, he edged back the throttle a bit to recover and hopefully latch on to that group rather than try to chase the race up the road.
The chasing bunch was in fact the winning bunch, so Brian’s strategy was sound provided he could hang on, he found the relative comfort of the right hand road edge almost out of the wind and fought on. And fight he did!
He set his gaze on the back hub of the bike wheel in front and buried everything he had into his task. In the end he was only shaken by a sharp acceleration at the bottom of Harrison’s Rd, but by then he was in solid company and well ahead of any chasers, up that hill the line couldn’t come soon enough and after crossing in fifth place he collapsed, or perhaps he was blown, into the long grass on the road verge. A sterling effort.
The spring flowers are in full bloom and “Bob Muncher” Morley’s respiratory system knows it. However despite a lack of ability to deliver oxygen to his body he rode strongly along with Peter “Fifi” Livitsanis, and Danny “Fidel” Whelan.
Danny found the hills a challenge and the trio stretched to breaking point as Fifi was keen to press on. They got over Misery as a three without being caught and plummeted down the other side. Doing 55km/hr along Black Bottom Rd they were flying – how could they be caught? At that moment the second scratch bunch arrived at express pace, Fifi found a back wheel – Muncher and Fidel didn’t.
Muncher was first back to the clubrooms as he graciously retired from the race, Fidel was hell bent on finishing, and he wasn’t last!
With a handy 4 mins the second scratch band of Anemoi (gods of the winds), Rick “Sudso” Calvert, Rob “Big Mig” Phillips, and Peter Kiel were riding as if possessed.
All sinew and gristle with legs chiselled from granite, they were the gods of the race. Rob’s cadence never shifted from a leg braking 80 rpm despite the wind, despite the gradient, the countenance on his face never changing as if he felt no pain.
The lightweight Peter Kiel never missed a turn on a day when mere mortals of a similar stature would have been shattered.
However, it was the Hill Top victor of 2012 – Rick Calvert – half man, half horse, that was the Centaur of attention.
After topping Misery and rounding on Munchers bunch they released the Kraken! Demanding a Herculean effort, from anyone brave enough to ride with them. No Apollo-gees from these demi-gods as they cut a swathe through the race.
They rolled up the rest of the race in ones and twos and turning into Weatherboard they thought they had the race won between them. Then they encountered the full fury of the northerly, a block head wind up the minor climb had the pace down to low teens as all riders struggled to make headway.
Down Weatherboard to the corner and the headwind deterred attacks as the remaining 5 riders slogged it out along Edmondson Rd, all looking to the final climb to sort out the placings.
So the war of attrition had boiled the race down to the hardiest. Pete had increased the speed of their climb with each pedal stroke, but the patient and crafty Rick waited until just before the final rise to unleash his own power surge.
Overtaking Peter in the blink of an eye, Rick pushed with all his strength. A quick look over his shoulder and he could see that Peter had no come back. Up, up and over, Rick rides to a famous victory.
Scratch had a challenge in front of them. Andrew Rushton and Brendan Schiemer were joined by none other than King of the Hill himself, Tony Mirabella. Tony is a multiple winner of the Hill Top finish – 2015, 2013 and the A Grade race in 2011. Tony was on song for the event and the men raced into the wind like it didn’t exist.
At times the trio struggled to remain steady in echelon formation as they were battered by the crosswinds – any more riders in the bunch could have been dangerous!
Unfortunately Rushton was unhitched as they raced down Black Bottom Road with speeds exceeding 60 kph on occasion. This left just Mirabella and Schiemer to chase down the groups ahead. They did not see the front of the race, however they picked off the dropped combatants from the other groups as they “sped” towards the finish…sometimes in their lowest gears as they rode back into the fierce headwind in the last few kilometres.
To their credit they took more than half the time back and suffered immensely in the process. Brendan burnt every match he had leading into the final climb, Tony stepped around him and powered up the final hill solo for fastest time.
Eureka Concrete supply to wind farms, gold mines, commercial and industrial projects, civil projects and domestic homes. They specialize in high strength concrete to decorative concrete, kerb and channel and suitable pre-mixed concrete for any everyday projects such as DIY jobs.
Select Month October 2018 (7) September 2018 (3) August 2018 (3) July 2018 (6) June 2018 (4) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (7) February 2018 (5) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (3) October 2017 (5) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (3) July 2017 (5) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (5) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (3) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (5) October 2016 (4) September 2016 (4) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (5) February 2016 (9) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (8) July 2015 (6) June 2015 (6) May 2015 (12) April 2015 (11) February 2015 (1) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (3) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (7) July 2014 (4) June 2014 (3) April 2014 (4) March 2014 (1) November 2013 (3) October 2013 (2) August 2013 (4) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (3) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (5) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (4) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (4) October 2012 (5) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (3) May 2012 (2) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (3) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (4) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (4) July 2011 (3) May 2011 (1)
Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 April 2014 March 2014 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 March 2012 February 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 May 2011
Plot Outline: This is the story of Lord Shiva and Goddess Shakti. It is an elaborated narration of Shiv and Shakti's separation and union, their journeys together, and how that affected and shaped the ...
This is the story of Lord Shiva and Goddess Shakti. It is an elaborated narration of Shiv and Shakti's separation and union, their journeys together, and how that affected and shaped the world. The story presently narrates how Goddess Shakti's human incarnation Sati, grand daughter of Lord Brahma and daughter of Prajapati Daksha (a staunch devotee of Lord Vishnu) and Queen Prasuti is reunited with Shiva after Shakti was separated from him for the benefit of the universe. The show is presumed to follow with Sati's reincarnation as Goddess Parvati, daughter of mountain-king Himalaya and Queen Maina and younger sibling of Prince Mainak and Goddess Ganga. The show will then portray her union with her chosen lord Mahadev and how they came together never to be separated again. One of the most enchanting and intriguing tales of love, this story is credited as the first love story of the universe. Source: Wikipedia
Say Thanks if you like my work And Don't Forget to Seed forever To keep it alive After download So to download for all..
We’ve waited all season for this coming weekend. It’s that time of the year in the US-Memorial Day! And that means most of you are going nuts trying to pack that last minute bag for your travels.
When in Europe, do as the Europeans do – dress with flair. Temperate weather means that you do not need to stuff your bag with heavy coats – leaving room for fun accessories and at least one nice evening look. Start with a core of solid color basics, and dress them up and down with top layers and fashionable accents. Versatile day-to-evening looks take you from sightseeing to an evening of theatre and stylish cafes. Your feet will thank you for good walking shoes for miles of cobblestones.
Wondering what to wear? Try some of our classic styles or tees to pair up with your favorite jean or slacks this travel weekend. Featured above is our novelty chambray button down shirt. Bon Voyage!
Copyright © 2017 Esposito Collection. All materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips and written and other materials that are part of this site are copyrights, trade address, and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by ESPOSITO.
At the outset, I would say that I am not against individuals selling their home by owner. Everyone may not need to hire a real estate agent/broker to price, market, show, negotiate, contract, inspect, and facilitate the closing of a real estate transaction. But do you? Whether or not you should sell your home “by owner” depends on the time and experience you have to see the transaction through closing.
Often when I visit with someone that is trying to sell their home without a real estate agent, they are surprised at the amount of work it takes just to get to the point where someone wants to purchase their home. They may encounter numerous trips to and from the residence for appointments to show the home to individuals that do not have the financial ability to purchase the home. On the other hand, there may not be a single telephone call to view the home or no one seeks to see the home after they know the asking price. Others may find someone that wants to purchase their home, but neither party knows how to close the transaction after an agreement has been reached on the price. Where you fall on the spectrum as to whether or not you should use a real estate agent ultimately depends on your familiarity with real estate transactions and the time you have dedicate to the deal.
After visiting with numerous landowners that attempt to sell their property by owner, I have identified several areas that often get overlooked and delay/impair the sale of the home. Hopefully, this list will give you some insight as to whether or not you are up for selling your home “by owner” or whether you should hire a real estate professional to assist you in the transaction.
If you do any research about selling your home on the internet, you will see that “pricing your home correctly from the start” is a phrase that keeps popping up in the “Top 10” lists about selling your home. It is no secret that if the price of your home is too high, many buyers will never take the time to come see your house because they will assume that you are not serious about selling your home. Getting the price right will reduce the market time on your house and encourage buyers to put their feet inside your home. But how do you correctly price your home? It is rather simple if you have access to the data and know how to manipulate it. Generally, homes are priced by comparing the property to other similar properties in the area. Adjustments are made to the home based on the differences noted in the comparable properties (up or down) and you reach an opinion as to what the property is worth. Usually, homes will be valued per square foot ($$/sq. ft.) basis and listed at that price.
The biggest issue that appears is when a property owner learns that a home nearby sold for a specific price and they immediately assume their property is worth the same price without any comparison. For example, a nearby home sold for $400,000. The home was 4,000 sq. ft. and recently remodeled. You have a 3,000 sq. ft. home that was last updated in 1980. Is your home worth $400,000? I would say… it depends. You have to consider all the factors regarding ever sale of property in order to reach an opinion as to what any given property is worth. Without completing the analysis you are risking overpricing your home or even worse undervaluing your home.
Another item that keeps popping up is the difficultly in making the home available for viewing by potential buyers. Many selling their home by owner have to completely forgo their normal, everyday life to timely show their homes. If the home is gaining a lot of attention in the market, many sellers have to spend their entire day “showing” the home. Further, dealing directly with a homeowner to show a home occasionally makes it more difficult for real estate agents to bring in potential buyers. Real estate agents and their buyers often have tight schedules to view homes. If a seller cannot accommodate the schedule, then your home loses out on a potential buyer.
If you list with an agent, the seller’s responsibilities with showing are essentially eliminated. The seller basically only has to keep the home clean and tidy so that the home is available for a showing on short notice and the agent handles the rest.
Another item that seems to be lacking in homes listed by owner is exposure for the property. The key to selling your home quickly is ensuring that there is enough exposure to the marketplace so a potential buyer can find your home. It is almost always necessary for your home to have a yard sign notifying potential buyers that the home is on the market. Additionally, the home should be listed on popular websites like Zillow, Trulia, and Craigslist, among others. Print media is questionable because in the delay in publication, but it can be a good resource as well in rural markets and for advertising an open house. Most often the driver to exposure in the local market is being listed on the local MLS. Because placing a listing on the MLS is restricted to real estate agents, you will have to find an agent that will list your home there and it will likely cost you a fee. You should also consider hiring a professional take photographs of your home. If your photographs do not spark an interest in potential buyers to see the home, you are likely missing out. There are other creative ways to market your home; you just have to evaluate the exposure you obtain with each.
With a real estate agent, they will develop the marketing plan for your home. It will include a sign, open houses, listing on the local MLS, and other forms of advertising to gain exposure to the market. Also, most firms have a syndication service to place your home on popular websites. Our service places your home on over 900 websites including Zillow, Trulia, and Craigslist.
I would mention here that several real estate brokerages are no longer listing their properties on Zillow and Trulia. This is in part due to either a lack of information or some perceived issue with the information contained on those websites. I cannot understand why any brokerage would abandon the Number 1 and Number 2 real estate websites in the world with their properties. You cannot get any greater exposure regardless of any shortcomings of the websites. While you may dispute aspects of the sites, you cannot dispute the exposure they can bring your home.
Often individuals attempting to sell their home by owner set themselves up for failure before they even post a sign. This is because many owners do not prepare their home for potential buyers before they invite them into the home. It is vital that sellers take some basic steps to get their home in “selling shape.” This would include decluttering the home, making necessary repairs, cleaning the yard and enhancing the curb appeal, and staging the home. Buyers want to feel like there is no work to be completed on your home and that it will provide them with all of the space they need to be comfortable. So take some time to repair all of the “small, cosmetic things” in your home and remove at least ½ of everything in your closets. If you kept your favorite couch or recliner from college, it’s time to move on. Remove the dishes you do not use to free up cabinet space and organize the pantry. Go through each and every room of the home and remove everything that is not necessary for daily life. If you do not want to donate or trash the items, place it in storage. Your goal is to make your home to feel fresh and roomy.
I hate to bring this up, but there is one thing that has pushed my buyers away from homes faster than anything else – pets. I know you love them and they are family; but to increase your odds of selling your home quickly, you need to find them a temporary home, remove all of their items (bowls, litter boxes, etc.), and have the home professionally cleaned. I can’t count the times that someone has said they do not want the home regardless because they are allergic to a pet or that they have to plan on repairing the damage to the home by pets. Often the odor alone keeps people from even viewing the property. So if you are planning on selling your home, you must consider any impact that your pet has on the property.
Finally, a large hurdle for by owner sellers is completing the sales contract and closing of the sale. If you have a buyer that is not represented by an agent, then you will most likely have to retain an attorney to provide you with a written contract reflecting the terms of the sale. This can be expensive and if not completed correctly may leave you without legal recourse if the buyer happens to bail on the transaction. If you are not sure about drafting a contract or what it takes to close the real estate deal, then it is vital that you contact someone who is familiar with the process. You need to make sure you are protected in the contract and you know what obligations you have to the buyer. If you proceed without these protections, you may expose yourself to a lawsuit after the real estate transaction is finalized. Again, if you are familiar with the process, you can complete the deal. However, it is wise to proceed with caution.
I hope that you have found this post to be of some benefit to you. Know that there is nothing wrong with selling your house by owner if you possess the knowledge and time to dedicate to the transaction. However it is not for everyone. If it is not for you, we would love to assist you in the sale of your home. If you plan to go at it alone, we would love to work with a buyer for your home. Once you are ready to sell, just shoot us an email so that we will let our potential buyers know about the availability of your property.
This website uses technical means that may store and write information (cookies) in storage memory of your computer. We gather this information to provide our services and for use by research companies for statistical purposes, all in accordance with the Privacy Policy available at: Personal Data Privacy Policy. Your browser allows you to define conditions for storage and accessing cookie files.
We recently held two conferences in two of the country’s universities, Santiago de los Caballeros (the second-largest city in the country) and Santo Domingo (the capital city), on the theme ‘Socialism and the Decadence of Capitalism’. These debates were made possible by the efforts of an internationalist discussion group. We are sincerely grateful for the work they performed. There was nothing academic about these meetings. Just as during a similar conference held in a Brazilian university , participants expressed concerns about the future that capitalism offers, about the way to struggle for a new society that can overcome the contradictions of the present system, about the social forces capable of bringing about this change...
These debates represent a moment in the efforts being made by proletarian minorities to develop class consciousness. The international dimension of these efforts is indisputable. The publishing of a summary of these discussions has two objectives: to participate in the development of an international debate, and to help to move these discussions which have developed in one country towards the only potentially fruitful framework: the international and internationalist framework.
Following our presentation, many questions were asked, some of which evoked lively discussions. In the following summary we have organised the discussions thematically and in a question-and-answer format.
There were several revolutions in the 20th century. You condemn all of them nonetheless, except the Russian Revolution, which you qualify as a failure. You are unfair towards the efforts of peoples struggling for their liberation.
The issue is not denigrating the struggles of the oppressed and exploited classes, but understanding what revolution is truly on the agenda since the beginning of the 20th century. According to this point of view, a fundamental change occurred with the explosion of the First World War. That war, unprecedented until then in its barbarity, showed the world that capitalism had become a decadent social system that could offer nothing to humanity but war, famine, destruction and misery. It brought to a close the period of bourgeois revolutions - of popular democratic, reformist and national revolutions. Those movements became simple resurfacings of the facade of the state. Since that war, the only revolution capable of bringing progress to humanity is the proletarian revolution whose aim is to establish a communist world. The Russian Revolution in 1917 and the whole revolutionary wave that followed it expressed this new state of affairs. The first congress of the Communist International in March of 1919 thus affirmed: “A new epoch has been born. Ours is the epoch of the breakdown of capital, its internal disintegration, the epoch of the communist revolution of the proletariat”.
Why do you insist on the dogma of a world revolution, and why do you reject gradual improvements thorough national revolutions?
The bourgeois revolutions had a national character and could survive for long periods of time within national borders. This is how the English Revolution triumphed in the 1640s and survived in a feudal world until the bourgeois revolutions of the late 18th century. The proletarian revolution will either be global or it won’t be. First of all because production today is global. But also because capitalism has created a global market, and the laws of this market, the problems engendered by capitalism, have a global character and can only be resolved through the unified struggle of the entire global proletariat.
Trotsky was a life-long revolutionary militant. He played a very important role during the Russian Revolution of 1917. He also struggled against the degeneration of the Russian Revolution by defending internationalist positions. He was the principal animator of the Left Opposition, which led a heroic struggle against the Stalinist counter-revolution in Russia and within the Communist parties of the world. However, Trotsky and the Left Opposition never understood the nature of the USSR, considering it to be a bureaucratically deformed workers’ state that nonetheless needed to be defended. The consequences of that error were tragic. After his cowardly murder by Stalin’s assassin Ramon Mercader, those who claimed to be his heirs called for participating in the Second World War and became a political current that always defends, ‘critically’ of course, and using a radical lingo, the same postulates as the Stalinists and social-democrats.
You are unfair towards Chavez, but worse still: you ignore the revolutionary process inspired by Chavez, that is developing all over Latin America and putting the region into a revolutionary fervour.
The Chavism/anti-Chavism choice is a trap, as was demonstrated recently by the student mobilisations in Venezuela that are trying to free themselves from this sterile and destructive polarisation between Chavism and the Opposition.
Chavez supports the strengthening of state intervention in the economy as well as the concentration of powers into the hands of a single person (the constitutional reform to permit his perpetual re-election). He launches ‘social’ programmes that may momentarily address the situation of some marginalised layers, but in reality reinforce the exploitation of workers and the impoverishment of the vast majority of the population. The function of such programmes is to make the population accept the most degrading poverty. We are talking about formulae that have been repeated throughout the 20th century, and have all been resounding failures. They didn’t change capitalism; they simply helped to maintain capitalism and to maintain the sufferings of the masses.
Chavez claims he’s “anti-imperialist” due to his vigorous opposition to the devil Bush. Chavez’s so-called anti-imperialism is nothing but a smoke-screen to cover his own imperialist designs. Workers and oppressed peoples cannot base their struggles on feelings of hatred or vengeance against an all-powerful empire like the United States, because these feelings are manipulated by the Latin American bourgeois fractions, be they government or opposition fractions, to make the people sacrifice for the interests of the rulers.
There is no national solution to the global crisis of capitalism. The solution can only be international and based on the international solidarity of the proletariat, through the development of its autonomous struggles.
Regardless of its numerical importance in each country, the working class is the only class whose interests are global. Its struggles as a class represent the interests and the future of all the exploited and oppressed. The working class tries to win over the peasants and the marginalised layers of the cities to its struggle. This doesn’t entail the formation of a front of social movements because the real interests, the authentic liberation of workers, peasants, and the marginalised people of the cities isn’t a sum of corporatist grievances, but the destruction of the yoke of wage slavery and the profit system.
Aren’t you falling into outmoded recipes? The working class no longer exists, and here in America, there are no factories left.
The working class has never been limited to industrial workers. What characterizes the working class is the social relation based on the exploitation of wage labour. The working class is not a sociological category. Industrial workers, farm workers, public employees, and ‘intellectual’ workers are part of the proletariat. We must not forget all the workers that have been thrown into unemployment or who are forced to survive by peddling on the streets.
Of course! The proletarian revolution isn’t simply the result of unavoidable objective factors; it bases itself on the conscious and collective action of the great masses of workers. In The German Ideology, Marx and Engels say that the revolution is not only necessary for the destruction of the State that oppresses the majority, but also for that majority to emancipate itself from the ideological rags that stick to its body. The proletarian revolution prepares itself with a gigantic transformation in the mentality of the masses. It is the product of the independent effort of the masses through struggles and through passionate debates. ICC 31/10/07
‹ Working class youth faced with job insecurity in Japan up Baboon’s revenge: Marxism versus feminism on the origins of humanity ›
Chat Room - 8 users - 16 minutes ago - current topic: World of Hordecraft | Discord located at https://discord.gg/5z6EaGW
Chat Room - 7 users - 36 minutes ago - current topic: #WoWUIDev-commits: A place to watch active development of World of Warcraft addons | Intended primarily as a reporting channel for the CIA & JIRA bots. Discussions in the regular #WoWUIDev channel please.
STEP 1. Draw two circles for the base of the polar bear. STEP 2. Next, draw the basic blocky shape for the bear. STEP 3. Time to draw the face. Draw two little black and and a heart shaped noes alone with his smile. STEP 4. Draw the limbs. They should be block with three lines and each food for the toes. STEP 5. Next, draw the base for the hat, scarf, and gift box. Use simple shapes to give you a guideline. STEP 6. Start with the scarf. Add a end of the scarf as well to make it appear wrapped around the bear. STEP 7. Next the hat. The hat should be triangular and have a fluff at the end of the hat. Also, don't forget his ear. STEP 8. Finally the gift box! Add some ribbon around the box. STEP 9. Top off the gift box with a bow! STEP 10. Clean up your outlines. STEP 11. Color your polar bear! Mix it up with some Christmas colors. STEP 12. Finally get some shading! Step 1. Step 2. Step 3. Step 4. Step 5. Step 6. Step 7. Step 8. Step 9. Step 10. Step 11. Step 12.
Excerpt from the Uniform State Register of Taxpayers confirming the right of the construction company for the land plot - Ligovsky City
On six continents around the globe, the currently 53 countries of the Commonwealth marked Commonwealth Day earlier in the week. The day included messages to the Commonwealth from Her Majesty the Queen as well as the UK Prime Minister, both of which have been covered by MercoPress. However, the Falkland Islands also reaffirmed its ties to the Commonwealth over recent days both within the Islands and elsewhere in the world.
Britain's Queen opened on Friday a two-day summit of leaders of the 53 Commonwealth nations in Malta. The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (Chogm), held every two years, will focus on climate change, with talks on security issues also expected.
© 2010-2018 The agency is part of the group Allied Management Ltd. (Hong Kong, United Kingdom, Spain)
Just last weekend, the United States took a cautious stance on the issue of the alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria, but this week the Obama administration appears to be gearing itself up to take military action against embattled Syria. This shift is surprising, but it also reflects the changes to Obama's strategy in Syria.
For some time now, the Middle East has been in a state of chaos. Conflict in Egypt is escalating, and the United States has been embarrassed by its financial and material support for the military forces that have overthrown an elected government; the planned peace talks between Israel and Palestine have been called off after Israeli security forces shot dead three Palestinians during clashes in the West Bank; there are daily bombings in Iraq and terrorism attacks has become commonplace. Obama's Middle East policy has hardly been a resounding success.
Furthermore, the Unites States was embarrassed by Russia only this month, after the latter granted American fugitive Edward Snowden a years' asylum. For years, the two have been competing on the Syria. With old and recent scores to settle, Obama will be looking at options to change his course of action. Meanwhile, eager to push for a military intervention in Syria, France too is brandishing the great banner of morality. A combination of such factors can only make U.S. intervention more likely.
But one thing is sure. Washington will hesitate to repeat past mistakes made in Iraq and Afghanistan. Analysts therefore conclude that the most likely option is limited air strikes in Syria.
According to the U.S. media, the military strikes under consideration, involving sea-launched cruise missiles or possibly long-range bombers, will be directed at specific targets. The U.S. will be hoping to kill two birds with one stone: to deter and degrade the military capacity of the Syrian government, while minimizing civilian casualties.
However, the United States still faces an unavoidable question: In the absence of a UN mandate, or any clear proof of guilt, what gives America the right to attack a sovereign state?
Nor can a growing crescendo of anti-war voices simply be ignored. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has called for an opportunity to find a diplomatic solution to the Syrian crisis. Iran, Lebanon and Jordan have said no to military intervention in different forms.
Even among the U.S. allies, there is discord. "Regarding the use of chemical weapons in Syria, we ask, along with 36 other States, for a report of UN experts from the Secretary General of the United Nations," Belgian Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Didier Reynders said in a statement on Wednesday.
Last night, in a move that finally recognized huge public opposition to military intervention in Syria, the British Parliament voted against its own government's proposal supporting the principle. Prime Minister David Cameron has been forced to acknowledge in public that the UK will not now take part in any such action. This represents a devastating blow to western military hawks .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has said that foreign intervention will not lead to peace, but as has been proved by the wars in Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya, it will achieve nothing other than to undermine regional stability. The current situation in Syria is at a tipping point. The choice lies between military intervention or peaceful resolution. President Obama must weigh his options carefully.
BEIJING, Dec. 25 -- A group of J-15 fighter jet pilots completed their training Thursday as China is building its carrier force into one that provides tactical and support capacities.
According to a report carried by the PLA Daily Friday, the training programs included wave-off practices and arrested landing.
Wu Shengli, commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy, witnessed the activities from onboard the Liaoning aircraft carrier.
The paper said China's carrier force had made considerable progress in fighting capacity this year, with more fighters parked on the carrier and more flights handled by the carrier.
The carrier-borne fighter jets takeoff and landing technology marks a key breakthrough in real applications, said the report. The number of trained pilots was not revealed.
The selection and training of China's carrier-borne fighter jet pilots was initiated after the first aircraft carrier was commissioned in late 2012. The fist test pilot Dai Mingmeng, was honored as a hero for his skills.
Uber has a new chief financial officer as it steers toward a public share offering next year AFP/File
Uber on Tuesday named a news chief financial officer as the smartphone-summoned ride service remained on the road to a stock market debut next year.
Nelson Chai came on board from Chicago-based insurance firm Warranty Group, where he was chief executive, according to Uber.
"I'm incredibly excited to bring on someone as experienced and thoughtful as Nelson," Uber chief executive Dara Khosrowshahi said in a release.
"He will be a great partner for me and the entire management team as we move towards becoming a public company."
Uber, which operates in 65 countries and has disrupted local transport in many locations despite regulatory hurdles and resistance from taxi operators, has expressed plans for an initial public offering of shares late next year.
Chai has more than a decade of experience at firms including CIT Group financial holding company and Merrill Lynch & Co, according to Uber.
"I look forward to working closely with Dara and team as we build on the company's strong growth and forward momentum," Chai said in the release.
Uber last week disclosed that its second quarter loss jumped despite taking in more money, as it invested in scooters and other "big bets."
The San Francisco-based smartphone ride star reported it lost $891 million on net revenue of $2.8 billion, while overall bookings rose to $12 billion.
He added that Uber is investing in "big bets" including restaurant take-away delivery service Uber Eats and "environmentally friendly modes of transport" including e-bikes and scooters.
The company, with a valuation by investors of more than $60 billion, is also devoting resources to what it sees as high-potential markets in India and the Middle East, according to Khosrowshahi.
Joining this site right now will provide you with 100% FREE ACCESS to this site, 6 other drawn shemale sites and all the rest of Adult Empire porn stuff.(About 900 King Sites) You'll get an access to all other sites participating in Aadult Empire that are similar and quite often even better than the current one. Get your systems loaded and start enjoying horny hentai dickgirls right away, in a could of clicks! Jump in and start watching!
Get ready for dirty, amateur wives willing to take your hard dick in every hole! Hundreds of horny housewives await your pleasure inside! What are you waiting for? Come check out the tour!
Thousands of wives and girlfriends - real ones, who never did anything like it before. Masturbating, sucking cock, swallowing cum, shot in POV style by their hubbies... This is the real porn!!!! JOIN NOW!!!
HOMEMADE PORN AT IT'S BEST - and I'm not joking! You won't find porn stars there. Those are GENUINE AMATEURS WIVES & REAL LIFE COUPLES who don't mind sharing their privacy with us.
I have known Jax my whole life and I have loved him with every breath I’ve ever taken. The fact that we were born a mere month apart to mothers that are best friends has made us inseparable since birth.
What we have is so rare, one would think our story would be written, our fate sealed. But, unfortunately that’s not how life works. Life offers us many choices that can turn destiny into chance.
I now find myself heading toward a destination that I could have never imagined and I have to figure out where to go from here.
EllieWade.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
The difference is that a timeless beer stein, is commonly decorated and also garnished with artwork and can be found in a jugular layout handcrafted by precision beer stein manufacturers. The biggest beerstein on the planet stands 4 feet high and can hold 10. 25 million individuals passed away in Europe throughout the black plague as well as to battle severe sanitary issues, Germany applied regulations managing the conservation of food and also drink, consisting of the need that food and beverage storage space containers need to be covered. The sanitation-friendly laws of Germany resulted in advancements in the food as well as drink sectors. Beer deliveries were made inprotected containers, the beer-stau( beer homes) service was flourishing and people were enjoying better tasting, less contaminated beer from their very own, covered alcohol consumption vessels. New products were introduced, including the change of porcelain in the 1700’s. You &#039;d need to be aristocracy to get your own personalized beerstein back in the middle ages.
This site with free accounts day by day gaining popularity. If you do not know the name yet, get to know it now.
Although the administrators and moderators of The Red & Black Forums will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this forum, it is impossible for us to review all messages. All messages express the views of the author, and neither the owners of The Red & Black Forums, nor vBulletin Solutions, Inc. (developers of vBulletin) will be held responsible for the content of any message.
The owners of The Red & Black Forums reserve the right to remove, edit, move or close any thread for any reason.
Ad Muncher kills Rojakpot PopUp Images. That is when you click on a image to open it in a larger viewer. They use javascript.
Just click on one of the images in the review and you will see that it does not open becaue add muncher changed its code to:
Sadly dont match against keyword still does not work. It reports it in log but still add the zyxc part.
war59312 wrote: Ad Muncher kills Rojakpot PopUp Images. That is when you click on a image to open it in a larger viewer. They use javascript.
Something wrong with that page, none of the links you are describing are even on that page for me. And none of the images are loading.
Perhaps it would be best if you could say something like "admucher 4.71 beta to begin second half of 2007" or something like that...
And since its obvious people are interested you should add that very same line on the home page to give an idea of when the next version is coming...
Same here, the best $25 I've ever spent on software. I think its great that its available for $25 despite being such an unique software.
I was pleasently surprised by Ne change rien being presented as a 35mm transfer: It really roughened up the digital cleanness of the material and gave the darkness a much higher density... absolutely beautiful and a great film to begin a day (although it might just as well end it). I sort of missed this materialist side in the digital projection of Casa de lava, even though it was (of course) a beautiful film...
Did you know that the GCP Essentials quest shows you how to spin up a VM, configure key infrastructure tools, set up Load Balancers and work with Kubernetes nodes, all in less than four hours? Use this link to enroll in the quest by Monday, October 22nd and you’ll get 10 Qwiklabs credits (free of charge, no credit card required) to help you get started.
OnAir: Register for a live 45-minute webinar with Google Cloud experts to prepare for an AI-first future. Join Diane Greene Google Cloud CEO, and the team for an interactive look at artificial intelligence by unlocking the benefits of machine learning.
DevFest: Another opportunity to meet with your community! DevFest is powered by a belief that when developers come together to exchange ideas, amazing things can happen. Each event is uniquely tailored to the needs of a hosted-region, and while your local event may or may not incorporate labs, we hope you can make it!
Next Extended: Not just in San Francisco – Next Extended events bring GCP to your town. Event starts off with food, networking and keynotes and transition to an open panel discussion. Attend a Next Extended event near you and be sure to join the hands-on labs session!
Summits: You can choose from over 20 sessions on machine learning, app development, infrastructure, security, etc. Work with executives, customers, partners, developers, IT decision makers and Google engineers to build the future of the cloud. Choose your city and see where the cloud takes you.
Google Cloud OnBoard: It’s a free, instructor-led training event, that introduces you to GCP. You’ll learn how to get started with virtual machines, containers, applications, big data, and machine learning through presentations and demonstrations. Attendees get a free 30-day pass to Qwiklabs to help you finish the GCP Essentials quest.
Study jams: We learn better together! Study jams are an opportunity to meet with the community of technology enthusiasts to brainstorm and dig deep into cloud concepts as a group. It’s a hands-on event where attendees get free access to the labs ($55+ value). You’ll learn fundamental GCP tools and technologies like Kubernetes, Stackdriver, and cloud storage with the GCP Essentials quest. Earn a Google-hosted badge to show your “flight time” with Google Cloud and encourage other members of your community to do the same.
Author Megha SharmaPosted on October 17, 2018 October 19, 2018 Categories Conference, Quests, QwiklabsTags AI, cloud experts, events, GCP, Google Cloud, machine learning, networking
London lab-takers, you were awesome last week! Between admiring Lei-Mei’s socks, attending spotlight lab sessions, and binge-reading Data Science on the Google Cloud Platform, the big story was security. ‘Security built into every layer of the system’ stated Diane Greene, Google Cloud chief executive, emphasizing Google’s commitment to GCP’s reliability and integrity.
There’s lots of talk about Google Cloud’s security capabilities, but why not try it out for yourself? Get hands-on experience with GCP’s powerful security features with cloud security training labs. Complete all 8 labs and you will earn the Google Cloud Security & Identity badge to show your experience.
And today, help us test a new feature and get 45 free Qwiklabs credits for your time. Use this link to enroll in the quest and enter code 1423 into this field:
You should see 45 credits added to your account free of charge. If you do not see the credits right away, you may need to log out and log back in.
Learn how Key Management Service can help you secure access to your files in the cloud. Work with advanced features of Google Cloud Security and Privacy APIs, including setting up a secure Cloud Storage bucket, managing keys and encrypted data using Key Management Storage, and viewing Cloud Storage audit logs.
In a private cluster, nodes do not have public IP addresses. This means your workloads run in an environment that is isolated from the Internet. Try it for yourself with the lab Setting up a Private Kubernetes Cluster.
The business value of AI is projected to reach $1.2 trillion this year according to Gartner. Yet 40% of enterprise companies are not adopting AI. Why not?
Data Scientists are hard to find and hire. Want to become one? There’s a lab for that. Enroll in the Data Science on GCP quest by Friday, October 12th and you’ll get 40 credits (free of charge, no CC required). The labs in this quest are derived from the book Data Science on Google Cloud Platform.
Data analysts with SQL skills (and other programming languages) are also rare. Get practice running SQL queries in the BigQuery console in the Introduction to SQL for BigQuery and Cloud SQL lab. Then experiment with SQL and ML in the Ingest data into the Cloud Using Google App Engine lab. You’ll run Python scripts to download, automatically fetch, and clean data using Google App Engine. You’ll also create a new application and deploy it to the Google App Engine:
Then use a Flask framework to ingest data and invoke it using cron: 3. Infrastructure AI is resource-intensive, in terms of both staff, and compute power. Many on-prem setups simply cannot handle the demands of AI. You can learn to take advantage of Google Cloud’s compute power to run your advanced AI jobs. The Google Cloud Dataflow to process data lab shows you how to configure BigQuery and install Python packages to use Apache Beam:
Need more practice with the GCP infrastructure? Visualize data with Google Data Studio by running the query to get the IP address to connect to the Cloud SQL:
Tackle the quest to practice ingestion, preparation, processing, querying, exploring and visualizing of data sets using GCP. When you earn the badge, let us know. You can find us at @Qwiklabs – and we’re always happy to hear about your accomplishments!
Author Megha SharmaPosted on October 11, 2018 October 17, 2018 Categories Career growth, Labs, Quests, Qwiklabs, UncategorizedTags BigQuery, BigQuery Machine Learning, data science on gcp, data scientist, GCP, Google Cloud, google cloud platform, google cloud training
Ever wondered why there were 944 cyber attacks in 2017 and 658 cyber attacks in 2018? Here are some facts:
Fortunately, there’s a way for you to take advantage of Google Cloud’s powerful security tools. Enroll in the Security & Identity Fundamentals quest by Friday, October 12th and you’ll get a 1 month pass to Qwiklabs (free of charge, no CC required). Here’s some of what you’ll learn:
Service Accounts and Roles: Fundamentals: No prior knowledge with service accounts? No problem! Start with the Cloud IAM lab first to manage permissions by granting users roles. Need further help? Watch Heather and Jimmy.
Then create and manage service accounts by running queries on a BigQuery public dataset from a GCE instance.
After getting practice with the lab, learn how Area 1, anti-phishing solution, provides security by building its service on GCP and using GCP tools to analyze data.
3. Getting started with Cloud KMS: Practice with advanced features of Google Cloud Security and Privacy APIs. With this lab you will set up a secure Cloud Storage bucket and manage keys and encrypted data using KMS. You’ll even use the Enron Corpus!
Do you have Columbus day off? You could use the extra time to earn this badge and strengthen your resume by learning the fundamentals of Security and Identity…
How do you learn something new? Do you read a book, watch a video, take a course? Maybe the right answer is poetry.
When you’re learning to use data science tools you need, well, big data to practice. And that’s where Shakespeare comes in. Billy S. wrote 37 plays, 154 sonnets and invented 1700 words (like eyeball, bedazzled, and arch-villain). His works are publicly available and perfect for data manipulation. With the help of Shakespeare, learn how data science tools like BigQuery and TensorFlow can help you take advantage of powerful Google Cloud machine learning technology. And for a limited time, use the links below and get 37 free Qwiklabs credits (as many credits as plays) to take the bard’s favorite labs.
– BigQuery: Qwik Start – Command Line: Storing and querying massive datasets can be expensive. Learn how Google Cloud can help you save, after all, “if money go before, all ways do lie open” (The Merry Wives of Windsor). Learn how to move your data into BigQuery and take advantage of the processing power of Google’s infrastructure.
– Big Data Analysis to Slide Presentation: Did you know that Shakespeare invented the word “manager”? Impress yours by learning how to gather and crunch your data, then generate a slide and spreadsheet presentation to blow away management and stakeholders with your breathtaking analytical capabilities and intelligent conclusions.
– Run a Big Data Text Processing Pipeline in Cloud Dataflow: Learn how to run a Dataflow pipeline that counts the occurrences of unique words in a text file. Not only will you learn how many times the word “alas” appears in King Lear, you’ll learn to use a powerful tool for developing and executing a wide range of data processing patterns including ETL, batch computation, and continuous computation.
– TensorFlow For Poets: Finally, while we don’t know if a rose by any other name smells as sweet, we can use TensorFlow to identify a rose among a floral lineup. Think about what else you could use this technology for – scanning for free parking spaces? Locating your company’s discarded scooters?
Author emily lindePosted on October 2, 2018 October 2, 2018 Categories Career growth, Labs, QuestsTags machine learning, tensorflow
Fun fact: GCP services can make your life easier! Got problems to solve? GCP can help you with data analytics, machine learning, networking, computing and storage, and more.
The cloud is a big place. Get started qwikly (and economically) with hands-on training. Take any of the labs below by October 3rd, and you’ll get 25 Qwiklabs credits (free of charge, no CC required)!
1: Watch Priyanka as she shows you how to use labs for hands-on Practice with Google Cloud. She introduces you to the GCP environment, quests and lab manuals.
The tour walks you through every step of taking a lab. You explore tools you will use when you take labs, like the Cloud APIs & Services Library:
Plus you’ll see activity tacking on the right hand side of each lab. Every milestone you reach in the lab earns you points. Get 20/20 to score 100% on the lab!
3. You’ll notice many labs teach you how to solve advanced use cases with APIs (like the Machine Learning APIs quest). Set yourself up for success with the APIs Explorer: Qwik Start lab to learn the basics. And of course, you can use a photo of a good dog!
4. SQL is another skill you’ll exercise in many labs. Don’t have much SQL experience? No problem. Start with the Introduction to SQL for BigQuery and Cloud SQL lab, and you’ll learn how to run SQL queries in the BigQuery console on a public dataset. This lab helps you understand the basics of running SQL queries in the Google Cloud.
5. Have favorite labs? them and they’ll be saved to your Learning page so that you can pick up where you left off:
Why wait? Take any of the labs and you’ll get 25 Qwiklabs credits (free of charge, no CC required). Set yourself up for success by taking the tour, and you’ll be prepared to take on your next challenge, like exploring TensorFlow and Cloud Datalab:
Have you heard of IIoT, Industrial Internet of Things? Enterprise companies are discovering and experimenting with IoT in industries from manufacturing to energy to automobiles. As companies recognize more consumer and industrial uses for IoT, demand for IoT expertise is rising.
Set yourself apart by earning the new Google Cloud IoT badge. Click the link below to enroll by Friday, October 12, and you will get a free 30-day pass to the entire Qwiklabs lab catalog, including the new IoT labs. Think you can earn the badge in 30 days?
You get 8 labs to help you learn about Google Cloud’s IoT Core service and its integration with other services like GCS, Dataprep, Stackdriver and Firestore. Use simulator code to mimic IoT devices, then use what you learn to implement the same streaming pipeline with real world IoT devices. Here’s some of what you will do:
IoT Qwik Start: Join Jenny for a [VIDEO] demo of key IoT concepts – you may have taken this lab already, giving you a head start on the quest!
Author emily lindePosted on September 20, 2018 October 9, 2018 Categories Career growth, Labs, QuestsTags Dataprep, Firestore, GCS, google cloud training, IoT, Stackdriver
Want to make your life easier by moving from on-prem to the cloud, but don’t know where to start? There’s a Quest for that. The Baseline: Infrastructure Quest gives you hands-on practice with GCP’s core infrastructure services like Cloud IAM, Kubernetes, and Stackdriver. Enroll in the Quest by Monday, September 24th you’ll get a 1-month pass (free of charge, no CC required) to earn the badge and show your “flight time” with Google Cloud.
Even better, each lab in the Quest has 1-minute videos to walk you through key concepts for each lab. Here are some of the labs in the Quest:
How did you do? Share your results @Qwiklabs. Need extra help? Watch Jenny as she walks you through this lab.
Cloud IAM: Qwik Start: Cloud IAM unifies access control for GCP services into a single system and presents a consistent set of operations. Learn to create and manage permissions with this lab. You’ll assign and remove roles associated with Identity and Access Management (IAM).
When you’ve removed project viewer access for a user with IAM, you should see a similar permission error:
If you’re unable to view the application from your web browser using the external IP address with the exposed port, let Jenny help you!
Deployment Manager: Qwik Start: Since Deployment Manager is an infrastructure deployment service that automates the creation and management of GCP resources, you can write configuration files for Cloud Storage, Compute Engine, Cloud SQL, etc.
In this lab, you’ll write a file to create & deploy configuration, inspect the running environment and view the deployment manifest. While waiting to deploy your configuration, you’ll see a status message:
Interested in self-driving cars? Learn the technology behind the magic – then sit back, relax, and let the car do it for you.
How do autonomous cars recognize speed limit signs? “See” for yourself with the Detect Labels, Faces, and Landmarks in Images with the Cloud Vision API lab (bonus, follow that link and get the lab free of charge). You’ll build a model that recognizes landmarks and items in photos with a simple REST API.
Then, how do cars know the speed limit? The Extract, Analyze, and Translate Text from Images with the Cloud ML APIs lab shows you how to translate signs – not just read them – which means machine learning can improve your commute no matter what side of the road you drive on.
Some cars know what’s around you – trucks, cars, motorcycles, even reindeer. Learn how to use Google’s Machine Learning tools to Classify Images of Clouds in the Cloud with AutoML Vision.
With these labs, you’re well on your way to your next badge, Machine Learning APIs. Enroll here, and you’ll get 55 Qwiklabs credits to start your next Quest (limited offer, ends Friday, Sept. 21).
Author emily lindePosted on September 17, 2018 September 20, 2018 Categories Career growth, Labs, QuestsTags apis, cloud training, Free!, machine learning
There are 8000+ Cloud Architect jobs on LinkedIn and they can make up to $170k+ per year. High salary means high expectations. When you earn your Cloud Architect certification, you are tested on your ability to solve real-world problems. Prepare for the Cloud Architect certification exam and set yourself apart.
Need help practicing for the exam and testing your skills in a simulated crisis? Qwiklabs can help! Tackle the Challenge: GCP Architecture Quest to put your skills to the test. Instead of following “cookbook” steps, you’ll practice with common business/technology solutions using GCP.
Enroll in the Challenge: GCP Architecture Quest by Friday, September 21st and you’ll get a 1-month pass (free of charge, no CC required) to help you complete the Quest and practice for the Cloud Architect certification exam.
Google Cloud Essential Skills: Challenge Lab: Your company is ready to launch a brand new website, but the person who built the new site left the company before they could deploy it. Your challenge is to deploy the site in the public cloud.
Deploy a Compute Instance with a Remote Startup Script: Since you need to manage the deployment and configuration of Google Cloud virtual machines, you’ve decided to make some changes to the framework. For example, storing startup scripts in a Cloud Storage bucket to make them easily modifiable.
Build and Deploy a Docker Image to a Kubernetes Cluster: Your development team wants to adopt containerized microservices approach to application architecture. Your task? Ensure you can deploy a sample application to a GCP Kubernetes container. To test deployment of echo-web with a Dockerfile, you must use a tag to build the Docker container image and store it on the Google Container Registry.
Update and Scale Out a Containerized Application on a Kubernetes Cluster: Your system architecture team has adopted a containerized micro-service architecture. You need to take ownership of a test environment to manage containerized web applications. Your challenge is to update the running echo-app application in the echo-web deployment from the v1 to the v2 code. And (because there’s always an “and”) then scale out the application to 2 instances and confirm that they are all running.
Fun fact: The Quest consists of seven scenarios and all of them have activity tracking so, you must score 100% in each scenario to earn the badge. Here’s a qwik preview of activity tracking you’ll see on the right hand side of each scenario:
Think you’ve got what it takes to earn the badge that very few people have added on their resumes? Tackle the Quest now to get the practice for the exam you won’t get anywhere else in the world and increase your career opportunities!
Jiangsu Zecen Biotech Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to Zecen Biotech), is an in vitro enterprise who is mainly specialized in providing total solution of chemiluminescence immunoassay by developing, manufacturing and marketing the CLIA instruments and reagents. Founded in 2o11, Zecen Biotech won the reputation as a national high-tech enterprise in 2014. The independently researched and developed instrument and reagent kits have been audited by TUV and got the CE mark in 2017, which means that Zecen Biotech already got the ticket to the competition with international big players.
Zecen Biotech insists on continuous innovation, promote the development of precision medicine, who is the only one to own full intellectual property for chemiluminescence immunoassay based on the magnetic particles. Besides, a number of invention patents, registered trademarks and medical device registration certificates for Class III and Class II products have been acquired. Zecen Biotech not only has dominant CLIA products, but also has high-valued clinical chemistry products. The research and development centers and production base have been set up in Beijing, Shandong, Jiangsu and etc.
Zecen Biotech has already cooperated with first or second class hospitals in domestic market an built friendly business relationship with customers in middle-south Asia, South America, east and south Europe countries in the international market.
With the mission of “Technology is to change life”, Zecen Biotech strives to be the most respectable Chinese brand in healthcare field.
Seniors Health provides information on services, programs and educational opportunities that are aimed directly at promoting and supporting the unique health needs and well-being of men and women over the age of 55. It also provides information on services for those who require ongoing care outside of hospital, either on a long-term or short-term basis.
Let’s just say the past 7 weeks have been fraught with dental issues and computer glitches. I thought I lost FOUR manuscripts *GASP!!!* but it was a silly misunderstanding between Q (my not-so-trusty MacBook) and Apple updates. The dental issues will be resolved tomorrow. (Feel free to pray for me)
So, in light of several things, I thought I’d schedule a few freebies. I had a flash giveaway on the Facebook page last night to celebrate Kyle Busch’s first win of the season, and since my birthday is rolling around this weekend, well…
Sunnie’s Rainbow and Restoration will both be free on Kindle only for a limited time! Seasons of a Life will remain at it’s usual low price of $1.99. Starting on March 28 through March 30. What better way to whet the appetite for the next two THREE Lakeville novels AND party on my birthday? (It’s Saturday, March 29, by the way.)
I am very excited about By The Hand of His Grace, a very special and important Lakeville book that will be out in October. I will share more about Autumn’s story soon. Trial and Triumph, book four in the series, will feature Tom and Sunnie, shooting for September availability. Wynter’s Gift, A Lakeville Christmas Novella will round out 2014 at Thanksgiving time. So, I best get busy!
Keep an eye on Amazon for your free downloads. I am working on getting the books on other platforms, my apologies to those who don’t have a Kindle. You can get a free Kindle App for all devices.
Inspirational fiction depicting real life situations lived by faith. Fantasy using sanctified imaginings. Author D.H. Barbara, creator of the Lakeville Series, welcomes you to her home in cyberspace.
Scanning through the original owner&apos;s manual is particularly cool, with a whole section on starting and driving the car written by Jackie Stewart.How it gets speed is by using the brakes to rencontrer une salope vers palluau 85670 rotate the car into a tight, late..
Whatever it is, it is just so cute of you two if camelia escort you would be calling each other by nicknames.
Does your girl brightens up a gloomy day for you?Conejito - bunny girl, corazón - sweetheart (Mi) Divertido Chica - (my) funny girl.Besides, this will not only mean that she is dolled up to perfection but also you are a prince charming of sort with her.Read Full Tip for Bunnykins buns of fun smack them Read Full Tip for Mon Amour Monkey my gf calls me monkey one because she says im silly and make her laugh like.Ann Khezia: id love to fuck her, biche Tordue: moglie grande figa cazzo dentro tutti i giorni riempila.My husband name is Pradeep he calls me baba.Girlfriends should be a princess to their boyfriends, which is why this is the best nickname you can call your girlfriend.This is the sweetest way you can convey how you adore her and how you wanted to treat her.You dont want to drown in a well of cute nicknames while digging for a pet name for your girlfriend.Read Full Tip for foo foo shnickens Namrs if she has freckles anywhere she&apos;ll love Romantic Cute Names To Call Your Girlfriend May it be a film or a real life, Girls love romantic heroes more than action heroes.While every girlfriend will really look pretty to her boyfriend, it is still the sweetest way a boyfriend can show her girlfriend how he admires her.
Read Full Tip for silly sandy silly sandy my name is sandy and he thinks im My wife name is neha suggest me best nick name.
Orders in your market are limited to $ per month. If you have questions, please refer to our Global Customer Program Terms & Conditions.
Better health, better lives, and a better world. We’re using groundbreaking science, and a new approach to entrepreneurship to make life a little better for everyone.
LifeVantage specializes in a new science called Nutrigenomics; researching, testing, and creating products to address the biochemical effects of aging, with the ultimate goal of biohacking the human body to live longer – much, MUCH longer.
In plain English – we agree with leading researchers that extending human life is inevitable, but we believe in order to enjoy that increased lifespan, we need to lengthen our healthspan. This science doesn’t just help you feel good, it lets you enjoy life—which also helps you feel good.
One of the main biochemical effects of aging is oxidative stress. Which causes your cells to start wearing down. We’re reversing the process. In fact, in a recent study, the National Institute of Aging found that in male mice Nrf2 was the only supplement scientifically proven to increase lifespan by 7 percent. Not to boast, (well maybe a little) but we are pretty proud of that.
But we didn’t stop there. The second biochemical effect of aging is mitochondrial decline. Basically your cells lose power. You need that power so that your organs can work efficiently, you can think clearly, and your body can act when it is called upon. When your cells have the power to do their thing, you feel better and you live longer. We’re boosting mitochondrial production so you can keep that cellular energy for as long as possible. Allowing you to keep doing your thing, whatever that thing is.
We believe working to extend life comes with a responsibility to make that life worth living. And in that, physical and financial health go hand in hand. We’re giving people both with groundbreaking products and the best entrepreneurial vehicle around. No lattes or ping-pong, just the freedom to work on your own terms. Sharing products you’ve had a personal experience with.
We dare to imagine an abundant world where both physical and financial health is optimized. We believe your well-being matters. That’s why we’ve combined the cutting-edge research of nutrigenomics with a leveraged plan to build your own legacy.
Some of us may not have thought about vitamins since our daily Flintstones chewable while others carry an entire alphabet’s worth of vitamins to dose throughout the day. But, honestly, do we really need a treasure chest of vitamins every day?
The answer, according to the experts, is yes and no. Vitamins and minerals are essential for health and muscle strength, but you may need to eat your vitamins in the form of supplements, according to Dr. Matt Cooper, founder of Enzyme DR.
“Vitamins are a part of a food,” Dr. Cooper says. “They are the bricks of a building, but the building does not get built without workers. There are other components of food that are the workers which are essential for vitamins to work, like minerals, such as zinc, and enzymes. Taking plant-based enzymes with food, vitamins, protein shakes, or protein bars will help you digest and absorb nutrients better. There are other synergists in food that also can help vitamin absorption. For instance, protein assists in the absorption of calcium, and vitamin C helps with the absorption of iron. Calcium is needed for muscle contraction and recovery, and iron is used to help endurance, and aids in oxygenating muscles.”
While eating vitamins in the form of supplements can help with body goals, not every body is created the same. Differences in the ways we eat and even in the sports we play could be affecting what our bodies need. Here are some common vitamins that experts often find we lack.
Registered sports dietician Marie Spano finds that when her athletes cut back on animal products, they often cut back on the B12. “If you avoid animal products, you probably need vitamin B12,” Spano says. She often recommends nutritional yeast to keep her vegan and vegetarian clients’ energy levels up, but B12 can also be taken on its own.
Hitting the gym could actually be affecting your bone density, which is why Spano recommends that indoor athletes supplement with Vitamin D. “Many athletes, especially those who play indoor sports, those who are covered by equipment and padding (which prevents the sunlight from reaching their skin), or athletes with darker skin that provides natural sun protection often have insufficient or deficient Vitamin D levels. Vitamin D isn’t just important for bone health, but also nerve and muscle functioning.”
The Paleo Diet can work wonders for your body, but it can also wreak havoc on your calcium levels, according to Spano. “Anyone who avoids dairy products, like those on the Paleo diet, likely need calcium in supplement form. If you want to eat leafy greens for calcium, you’d better like them, because you’ll need at least 12 cups of raw greens per day to meet your calcium needs.” Instead of od’ing on kale, Spano recommends taking 500 milligrams of a calcium supplement, since that is the maximum amount of calcium the body can absorb at one time.
If you are considering supplements, remember that it can be dangerous to overdo it. “Megadoses of anything are generally not recommended,” says Dan DeFigio, personal trainer and author of Beating Sugar Addiction for Dummies. “The research overwhelmingly shows that there is very little risk in using vitamin supplements in reasonable doses. The same cannot be said for other substances, though. There are many “supplements” on the market that promise all sorts of performance enhancement, testosterone booting, longevity, and fountain-of-youthfulness. Most of them are garbage, and some of them contain contaminants or other dangerous substances. Stick to normal supplements that are supported by research.”
The school building dates back to 1882. The boarding houses annex was opened in 1990. This building has been a seat of the secondary school of nursing since 1953. During its existence the school educated several generations of healthcare workers, offered a range of study fields in various forms and was attended by scholars from a wide region. So it is nowadays as well.
It’s been awhile since I reviewed a game. Often, life gets in the way. Adulting happens. If you’re like me, your ability to play games becomes somewhat scarce. As a result, your collection of games may shrink as well. Therefore, you may become more critical about the games you choose. This is true of any genre. In the last decade, the prevailing thought in the sim gaming community was that this wo...[Read More]
It is time to get ready to cut down the nets and DDS: College Basketball 2018 is bringing you the biggest and best version ever to let you fulfill your dreams of taking your favorite school to the top. So get ready to hop on the recruiting trail, coach – here’s a look at ten of the newest additions to the number one college basketball franchise on the market. This press release is written and cour...[Read More]
March is just around the corner and sports fans know that can mean only one thing…its tournament time, baby! This press release is written and courtesy of the Wolverine Studios development company with slight modifications: So the big question is what’s new for Draft Day Sports: College Basketball 2017? Before we dive into the new features let’s talk about some upgrades. We’ve upgraded the AI to m...[Read More]
As per the press release from Wolverine Studios, GM Games is providing an update on their new College Basketball release. March means one thing to college basketball fans – NCAA TOURNAMENT MARCH MADNESS. Here’s your inside look at what to expect in the latest version. A WHOLE NEW LOOK The most noticeable change in DDS:CB 2016 is the all new UI. Redesigned to be a much brighter and more intuitive i...[Read More]
Grey Dog Software has been active in recent weeks bringing attention back to the Bowl Bound College Football franchise. Version 1.62 has been released for the game. Although much of their focus has been on their successful MMA series, Arlie Rahn their lead developer knows of the loyal fan base that exists for BBCF. Grey Dog Software continues to get the word out on their products by pursuing avail...[Read More]
With the arrival of the 2014 NCAA College Basketball Tournament, Wolverine Studios, an acclaimed PC sports simulation development company, proudly announces the release of Draft Day Sports: College Basketball 3. DDS:CB3 places you in the role of coach at your favorite school giving you the responsibilities of: Recruiting Scouting Setting game strategies Coaching your way to the top Some of the big...[Read More]
Review of Draft Day Sports: College Basketball 2 Coaching in college is a lot of work. But it can also be very rewarding. Why anybody would choose to coach college sports over professional sports is mind-boggling. I realize most college coaches would jump at the opportunity to coach in the pros, but there are a handful who choose not to. Those coaches are crazy. I suppose there is something to be ...[Read More]
Oct 3, 2011 – Wolverine Studios has released their version of College Basketball. DDS: College Basketball 2! Brand New GUI with full window mode and data widgets No longer is the game bound to a 1024×768 display (although you must use at least that resolution as a minimum) – the game window will fully expand to match your screen resolution. Also included are data widgets an...[Read More]
Since 2011, GM Games is a media organization focused on sports management games. Our members are a community that perform the role of a 'Sports General Manager' aka GM. We cover video games for team sports that require a successful GM to shape the direction towards a championship franchise. GM video games are available and evolving on multiple operating systems and devices. We are inclusive of all developments and companies designing games that best simulate this reality experience through technology solutions. GM Games is your source for sports simulation games.
Are you ready for one of the biggest rock bands on the planet?? That’s right, none other than Foreigner is on tour in 2018 in celebration of their incredible 40th anniversary! The hard rock legends are on their way to the BB&T Pavilion on Saturday 23rd June 2018 – DON’T miss out! Get your tickets NOW while they last!!
Foreigner: A rock band formed in New York City in 1976 by veteran musicians Mick Jones and ex-King Crimson member Ian McDonald, along with then-unknown vocalist Lou Gramm (Louis Grammatico). Foreigner has sold more than 50 million albums worldwide (including over 37.5 million in the United States alone).
Whitesnake: Whitesnake is an English hard rock band, founded in 1977 by David Coverdale (formerly of Deep Purple). The band's early material has been compared by critics to Deep Purple but by the mid eighties Whitesnake had moved away from the early blues-rock influenced heavy metal to a more commercial hard rock style. They were recently named the 85th Greatest hard rock band of all time by VH1.
David Coverdale founded Whitesnake in 1977[1]. The core line-up had been working as his backing band The White Snake Band on the White Snake album tour and they retained the title before officially being known as Whitesnake. They toured with Coverdale as his support band and for both of the solo albums he released, White Snake and Northwinds, between exiting Deep Purple and founding Whitesnake. During the band's early years their music was primarily blues rock (although Coverdale described Whitesnake's early style as "progressive R&B") [2]. At this time, the band was made up of David Coverdale, Bernie Marsden, Micky Moody, Neil Murray and drummer David "Duck" Dowle with keyboardist Brian Johnston. Johnston would soon be replaced by Procol Harum organ player and keyboardist Pete Solley. Because of Solley's producing commitments he was replaced by the former Deep Purple keyboard player Jon Lord, during sessions for the first LP.
Cozy Powell left to join Emerson, Lake & Powell. Drummer Aynsley Dunbar formerly of Journey and keyboardist Don Airey from the Ozzy Osbourne band and Rainbow were brought in for the recording of the Whitesnake album in 1987. The album was entitled 1987 in Europe and Serpens Albus in Japan and marked the band's first mainstream success in the US and with the guidance of A&R guru John Kalodner, sold over eight million copies in the US. The success of Whitesnake also pushed sales of Slide It In from its RIAA certified gold status to platinum status. The album continued to sell throughout 1987 and 1988 and peaked at #2 in the US album charts. The album's biggest hits were the power ballad #2 "Is This Love" and the #1 hit single Here I Go Again, a re-recording of the song originally on Saints & Sinners released in 1982. Other hit singles from the album were "Still of the Night" (#79) and "Give Me All Your Love" (#48 in 1988). The album's exposure was boosted by heavy airplay of its videos on MTV, which featured actress Tawny Kitaen, whom Coverdale later married. None of the band members who played on the album appeared in these videos with the exception of Adrian Vandenberg, who had been hired to complete the album after the others had been fired by Coverdale. Vandenberg's only work on the album was the solo on Here I Go Again though he became a full time member of the band shortly afterwards. The resulting music videos from Whitesnake also featured new band members Rudy Sarzo, Tommy Aldridge, and Vivian Campbell.
In March 2008 Whitesnake played at the Rock2Wgtn two day festival, which also featured Ozzy Osbourne, Kiss, Poison, Alice Cooper and Lordi, with special effects by the Academy Award winning WETA Workshop. In April 2008 the band released a studio album called Good to Be Bad, which reached #5 in the UK album chart.[6] During the summer of 2008 Whitesnake headlined a UK tour along with Def Leppard[7], with Black Stone Cherry opening the UK arena shows in June and Thunder opening the July shows.
In early November 2008, Whitesnake received the Classic Rock Best Album award for their eleventh album Good To Be Bad.
On February 11, 2009, Whitesnake announced they would be playing a festival slot at Download Festival, UK on June 14 via their official website. They also announced Def Leppard would be playing on the same day. It has also been announced that Whitesnake, Def Leppard and Journey will play The O2 in Dublin on June 12, 2009.
On March 17, 2009, it was announced that Whitesnake will be supporting Judas Priest on the 2009 North American Summer tour.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013
best blade for cutting laminate countertop how to cut granite for sink large size of granite granite with circular saw best.
router direction trimming plastic laminate , installing a self rimming sink in laminate, how to cut steps with pictures, best of jigsaw blade for cutting laminate, best saw blade to cut laminate, cut a granite counter top home improvement stack exchange,cutting particle board melamine laminate blade showdown and , circular saw blade for cutting laminate inspiring on also, how to install a the family handyman,how to create sink cutouts in solid surface .
Electron Tullamarine is Australian owned and operated. Established in the 1980's, it is highly regarded in the residential and commercial industry for its professional service and technical expertise.
Our friendly staff are highly qualified, and dedicated to providing excellent customer service. With over 50 years of field experience, our installers offer top quality installation and servicing, whilst our customer service representatives deliver professional product advice.
We offer a wide range of goods including ducted vacuum systems, security systems, surveillance systems, and video intercom systems. Our more popular brands include Bosch, Paradox, Hills, Premier Clean, and Electron Vacuum Systems. All products are sold in do-it-yourself kit form, or can be professionally installed by one of our very competent technicians. Products can be dispatched throughout Australia, while our installations cover a wide Melbourne and metropolitan area.
As an extension to our security alarm service, we offer 24 hour back-to-base monitoring. All our installers hold a cabling licence, as governed by the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA). In compliance with the Private Security Act 2004, all staff hold a Private Security Registration, so you can rest easy knowing that we are properly qualified to handle your security needs.
Из закрывшихся век, двумя тоненькими струйками, направившимися к вискам, потекли слезы. Это была единственная реакция, на которую он был сейчас способен. Лязгнул замок, скрипнула дверь и в крохотную камеру вошел здоровенный мордоворот, с лицом...
You get everything you need to create and manage your online presence. Bring your idea to life in minutes with an easy-to-use drag and drop tool that fits any skill level. View Features
Get a site that adapts to mobile and tablet devices. Change between full screen, mobile and tablet views without missing a beat.
Enhance, crop, and add effects to your images without leaving the website builder then drag and drop content anywhere on the page.
Our professional designers add new template designs every few weeks. You can switch at any time to give your website a refreshing look.
Website Builder is aimed at helping small business users create a great looking website quickly and easily.
No. Website Builder is specifically designed to share a single set of content across multiple devices.
Yes, but it may not be a good idea. You can embed Flash using the Embed Widget but you should keep in mind that many mobile devices cannot play back Flash content.
Possibly, but it will take time and effort. Website Builder sites have excellent SEO performance but getting a good ranking on Google always requires time and effort.
If your inner filmmaker craves more video editing tools, Movavi Video Editor Plus is just what you need. The program includes all the functionality of our standard Video Editor, PLUS some exciting extra features like object animation.
Check out Movavi Video Editor for Mac - it takes only a few minutes to master. Movavi's movie maker for Mac has everything you need for quick and efficient home movie editing and photo slideshow creation.
With Movavi Screen Capture Studio for Mac, you can easily record your computer screen and create video tutorials with voiceovers, software presentations, or content for your video blog. The built-in video editor lets you polish your recordings with stylish filters, titles, background music, and more.
With Movavi Video Editor Business for Mac, you can easily create high-quality videos for your business: tutorials, marketing videos, software presentations, video blog content, and much more. Grab your clients' and prospects' attention and increase your income with custom videos.
With Movavi Screen Capture Studio, you can easily record your computer screen and create video tutorials with voice-over, software presentations, or content for your video blog. The built-in video editor lets you polish your recordings with stylish filters, titles, background music, and more.
The Number ONE video converter in your language! Video Converter Movavi is a powerful yet easy-to-use video and audio file converter that's specifically designed for the Mac. It's the perfect tool for fast multimedia conversion between popular formats and has no negative impact on the quality.
Deezlberries is a weasel from the United Kingdom. He came to the furry community via alt.lifestyle.furry in 1997.
He is a 3D animator, and has posted a number of animations on his Fur Affinity page, as well as creating animated titles for Furry Night Live and ConFuzzled.
Three Reel Slots is a very attractive casino game that you can now try online. You will be surprised to see how much more enticing the game can be, when played in an online environment, rather than in a brick and mortar establishment. What makes this game more interesting than the real version is that you can keep track of all your winnings and losses at all times.
Three Reel Slots is much less complicated than other versions, like multiplier slots, but this does not mean that it is less fun. For instance, there are other virtual machines that use five wheels instead of three, and that rewards the player through various combinations and not only through getting a winning combination in a straight line. On the other hand, Three Real Slots is designed for those that do not like all these complications. Actually, if you are in love with the real slot machines, we suggest that you play this game instead of others. It will be able to provide you with the lifelike challenge, while ensuring that you do not have to learn complicated rules in order to do so.
What you may be more interested in, though, is the gain opportunities the game presents. Unlike other games, Three Reel Slots comes with a bonus round, where you can grab all the wins in a single spin. The improved graphics and the nice sound effects will certainly add to the atmosphere and you may not want to try the real machines ever again. Playing Three Reel Slots is very comfortable, as well, since you do not have to leave the house in order to play to your heart’s content.
If you choose the single payline variant, you will play a very simple game that guarantees plenty of winnings. The payline is the one in the center, and, in order for you to win, you need to get three symbols of the same kind to align in a row in front of your eyes. Make sure that you read all about the symbols and how productive they are. Some of them are more profitable than others, which means that you must look for them most of the time. However, even if you do not score a winning combination right from the get go, you do get plenty of chances to play and win.
Depending on how much you wish to bet, you can increase your winnings. If you bet a large number of credits on a payline and the symbol combination is the luckiest of them all, you will be rewarded with a higher winning amount. Take note of all the possible combinations, and, if you like this mode better, see what Three Reel Slots has in store for you.
New minerals, discreditation and nomenclatural classification approved by IMA CNMNC in April-May 2018
Crystal chemistry of zemannite-type structures: I. A re-examination of zemannite from Moctezuma, Mexico
Secondary Zn-bearing phosphate minerals associated with alteration of phosphophyllite at Hagendorf-Süd, Bavaria
Our interests were mainly the punk music and philosophy of those times (violence, etc.), and so we soon chose to sit at the end of the classroom, hating everyone, provoking as much as we could and doing everything we could to be loathed. (...) During [Reis’s] lessons we were very quiet, we never took part in them… Well, rather in some lessons, because in Reis’s I started being scared…
Instead of continuing to behave smart-alecky and insolent, of being defensive or attacking, with Reis I had to listen. I think I recognized something in him and I think he must have recognized something in me, creating complicity between both of us. With many others as well, during the years: we were the chosen ones. Indeed (and I think that anyone you speak about the School with will confirm this) there was something of "choice," of proximity, that translated in crossing some borders, like going to his house. I think I crossed some.
So, I never missed any of his lessons, because he was also a constant professor. He loved the Film School, because he loved to teach and talk to us. But not only about cinema, from one shot he would go to other journeys, cave art, India… He wrote very little, and he did it, I think, in the sense of only having to "write the minimum."
He opened some doors for me, some of them unconsciously, others that I didn’t even know existed because I hadn’t found them, at school, in the books I read or in the movies I watched. It was somewhat a vague encounter, but there was, in fact, an encounter of violences. Reis had a tender violence and a strong fragility, always balanced between something very strong and something very sweet. I think I myself also had, in some way, this “violence,” since the fact of being against everything, but doing well that which has to be done, ends up in something sincere, genuine.
Reis was very comforting, he gave us essential messages: ‘You have to be careful, learn to hear and listen, but don’t be afraid of filming what surrounds you. If it’s cars, it’s cars; if it’s rocks, it’s rocks.’ We discussed politics every day, we rejected the “intellectual muck” of the turn of the century avant-garde such as surrealism, but we never dropped down to what was real, to what has to be seen and heard, to the patience of seeing and hearing. Now, when we watched Trás-os-Montes—and we had already sensed it in the lessons—, we perceived its documentary side. It gave me more security, because it provoked—and continues provoking more each time— that, when I start thinking about a film, I start first by thinking about someone, real, a face, a way of walking, a place, more than a story. And this is what he proclaimed: ‘Look at the rock, the story will come later, and if there isn’t a story it’s not important.’
To summarize, Reis is the person who said in words and in films that which I thought and didn’t know how to express. I knew what I liked but didn’t know why I liked it. And Reis explained it to me. ‘You like this because it was in a painting before, and that painting has to do with a certain social organization of that time, and the things are things because at the same time they are the life of men transformed into art in that same time.’ Time, space, the topics of his discipline.
In Reis (as in many other people) there was that kind of acknowledgement, or that acknowledgement could be produced, without being in the sentimental field of love. That recognition is very strong, very intense, because there’s something of dependency. All those who liked Reis were very dependent of him, and he was, at the same time, very dependent of some of our aspects—our youth, our knowledge of music… For example, the song lyrics like the ones from The Clash had a lot in common with his poetry, that is, the everyday poetry. It was beautiful. Very dependent people, very strong and very weak, who don’t need anyone and need everything, who are always alone. Reis was always alone. Immensely solitary.
I don’t think it would surprise Margarida to hear me say this, because Reis had always been alone, just like she had always been alone as well, in the sense that the solitary person has their own world. And he was solitary. Probably that’s why he recognized other solitudes in the students he had.
‘Company’ is based on the premise that each film is a letter with an uncertain recipient: a postcard, according to Pedro Costa, which passes around from hand to hand and gathers in itself all layers of time. This notion implies the existence of both a continuity and a community: a gesture that is repeated and updated each and every time anyone creates a film or a cinematic experience.
The exhibition features paintings, sculptures, drawings, books, poems and documents that shed light on the sources and influences of the distinctive poetic language manifest in Pedro Costa’s cinematographic vision. It includes historical portraits of such authors as Géricault or Picasso, alongside contemporary works by Chantal Akerman, Rui Chafes, Paulo Nozolino, Jeff Wall and others.
The exhibition is organized by the Serralves Museum of Contemporary Art and curated by Nuno Crespo and João Ribas, the Director of the Serralves Museum.
On Tuesday, 28th August 2018, the Parliamentary Portfolio Committee on Home Affairs adopted a motion of desirability for the Civil Union Amendment Bill as proposed by COPE MP Deidre Carter.
The intention of this Bill is to remove the conscientious objection clause (section 6 of the Civil Union Act, 2006) which allows State-employed marriage officers to be exempted – on grounds of their conscience, religion and belief – from solemnising same-sex unions.
The proposed removal of this clause is in direct conflict with the Constitutional Court’s statement in Minister of Home Affairs v Fourie (the case which legalised same-sex marriage in 2005). This landmark judgement precipitated the drafting and passing into law of the Civil Union Act, but it specifically stated that “the principle of reasonable accommodation could be applied by the state to ensure that civil marriage officers who had sincere religious objections to officiating at same sex marriages would not themselves be obliged to do so if this resulted in a violation of their conscience”.
Explaining the dangers of the Bill, FOR SA’s Legal Counsel, Adv Nadene Badenhorst, commented as follows: “Parliament’s support for the removal of section 6, which Parliament itself specifically wrote into law as a direct result of the Constitutional Court’s recommendation, is a severe infringement of State-employed marriage officers’ constitutional rights to dignity and religious freedom. The removal of section 6 will effectively force these employees to choose between obeying their faith (with potential eternal consequences if they do not), and obeying the law (and potentially suffering disciplinary and/or other punitive sanctions if they do not).”
As such, the removal of the conscientious objections clause could potentially see Parliament face another constitutional challenge in the event that the Bill is passed into law.
“This is a case of a practical problem calling for practical solutions”, says FOR SA’s Executive Director, Michael Swain. “Where there are not enough marriage officers whose conscience allows them to solemnise same-sex unions, the Department of Home Affairs should consider the preferred hiring of persons who do not have such conscientious objections. The last thing Parliament should be considering is the violation of State employees’ rights to conscience, religion and belief, which it has a Constitutional duty to respect, protect and promote”.
Thugs of Hindostan Day 3 Box Office collections: No Amitabh Bachchan or Aamir Khan could save this sinking ship
Don't need certificate from mother-son duo out on bail: PM Modi slams Rahul, Sonia for questioning note ban
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can find out more by clicking this link
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
These cookie are essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help’ / ‘tool’ or ‘edit’ section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Chennai Super Kings captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni with his wife Sakshi arrives at Birsa Munda International airport, Hinoo.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meeting with the members of 1965 Everest Expedition on its golden jubilee.
School-girls celebrate after declaration of Jammu and Kashmir State Board Class 12 results in Jammu.
Ace Tennis player Leander Paes receives Banga Bibhusan 2015 award from West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain gestures during the official news conference prior to the Formula One Grand Prix, at the Monaco racetrack, in Monaco.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is greeted by BJP workers upon his arrival at Palam Airport after his three-nation tour.
Rescuers work amid the debris of a collapsed nine-story residential building in Guiyang in southwestern China's Guizhou province.
A South Korean army K-1 tank shoots smoke screens to demonstrate during a media tour of the front line between South Korea and North Korea border at a fire training field in Cheorwon, South Korea.
Graciela Meneses poses for a picture on Fishermen's Beach, holding her self-made float, decorated with fake, plastic plants, after swimming in the Pacific Ocean in Lima, Peru.
A Cambodian student of Royal University of Fine Arts performs during a reenactment of torture and execution committed by the Khmer Rouge during their reign of terror in the 1970s to mark the annual Day of Anger at Choeung Ek, a former Khmer Rouge "killing field," on the outskirt of Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
Britain's Prince Charles, center, talks with Bridget Barry, right, Burren BEO trust and Dr Brendan Dunford, Burren Farming for Conservation Programme's Project Manager during a visit to the Burren in County Clare, Ireland.
A Palestinian woman who lives in Lebanon carries her child with the Palestinian flag during a protest marking the 67th anniversary of Nakba, or Catastrophe, in front of the United Nations peacekeepers (UNIFIL) headquarters in the costal town of Naqoura, southern Lebanon.
Mounted riot police clash with squatters during a land eviction in Lima Peru. On Monday hundreds of people squatted on land that according to the Ministry of Culture is an archaeological site.
Malaysia's Foreign Minister Anifah Aman, center, shakes hand with Thailand's Minister of Foreign Affairs Tanasak Patimapragorn, left, and Indonesia's Minister of Foreign Affairs Retno Marsudi during an emergency meeting called to discuss how to solve the migrant problem at ministry of Foreign Affairs in Putrajaya Malaysia.
Associate Veterinarian Dr. Allison Case listens to the heart of a Clouded leopard cubs during a feeding and care session at the Point Defiance Zoo & Aquarium in Tacoma, Wash. The cub is one of the quadruplets were born May 12.
Dwayne Johnson poses at his Hand And Footprint Ceremony held at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles.
Hungary's Laszlo Krasznahorkai, the winner of the Man Booker International Prize, poses for photographers with the trophy shortly after the award ceremony at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.
West Side Academy senior A'Ja Booth, right, reacts next to her teacher Nadirah Muhammad during a welcome rally for Booth at the school in Detroit.
Burkina Faso`s interim President Michel Kafando officially resumed power Wednesday after a week-long coup by renegade troops, whose leader conceded the enterprise had been a "mistake" lacking popular support.
Government likely to reduce employee's Gratuity tenure from five to three years | Personal Finance N
Two brothers die, mother hospitalised after dining at high-end Karachi restaurant in Pakistan | World News
Ouagadougou: Burkina Faso`s interim President Michel Kafando officially resumed power Wednesday after a week-long coup by renegade troops, whose leader conceded the enterprise had been a "mistake" lacking popular support.
"The coup is over," the putschists` leader General Gilbert Diendere said as he and his backers bowed to pressure from regional powers and former colonial ruler France.
"Carrying out this coup was the biggest mistake," he acknowledged hours after Kafando resumed office.
The move came after marathon talks brokered by the ECOWAS west African regional bloc in bid to restore calm to a country in transition following 27 years of iron-fisted rule by Blaise Compaore, who was ousted as president last October and fled the country.
Kafando, who has led the landlocked west African country since the anti-Compaore uprising, said his "main objective" now was to organise a vote.
Although an election would take place, it would have to be put back by "several weeks", said Prime Minister Isaac Zida, citing technical reasons.
The coup and the resulting unrest claimed the lives of at least 10 people while more than 100 were wounded.
Zida said the RSP, the elite presidential guard which staged the coup, would now have to be reconstituted as it was "practically unimaginable" to retain the body in its current format.
At a ceremony attended by African heads of state in the capital Ouagadougou, Kafando said he was open to dialogue on all sides and that "going to the polls is still the main objective.""We remain determined to pursue the sacred mission that the people of Burkina Faso have given us: to put in place credible, trustworthy institutions for a new Burkina that we have decided to build, in true democracy and justice," the restored leader said.
The widespread international condemnation of the coup reassured the interim leadership that it was "on the right road and that our cause is just," he said.
Among dignitaries attending the ceremony were Benin President Thomas Boni Yayi, Ghana President John Dramani Mahama, Niger counterpart Mahamadou Issoufou and Nigerian vice-president Yemi Osinbajo.
In all, six ECOWAS heads of state travelled to Ouagadougou to oversee Kafando`s formal re-installation and to try and resolve two contentious issues: an amnesty for the putschists and whether upcoming elections should be open to supporters of Compaore.
Regional leaders would "take into account the will of the Burkinabe people" in their new mediation bid, Kafando said.
Under the terms of the deal which ended the crisis, the RSP agreed to stand down from their positions in Ouagadougou, while the army also agreed to pull out, while guaranteeing the safety of RSP members and their families.
The accord was presented to the Mogho Naba, "king" of Burkina Faso`s leading Mossi tribe, in front of the media early on Wednesday.
The crisis erupted on September 16 when RSP guards detained the interim leaders who had been running the country since Compaore`s overthrow.
The elite unit of 1,300 men officially declared a coup Thursday and installed rebel leader Diendere, Compaore`s former chief of staff, as the country`s new leader. The breakthrough came as Diendere told AFP Kafando would be returned to office on Wednesday.
The coup leaders had come under enormous regional and international pressure, with former colonial ruler France threatening sanctions if they did not hand back power.
On Tuesday, the army had ramped up the rhetoric by warning Diendere it had the means to attack his elite forces, and he hit back, saying his men would defend themselves if attacked.
A round of talks mediated by Senegalese President Macky Sall focused on returning the interim government to power while granting the putschists an amnesty.
They also pledged Compaore loyalists would be allowed to run for office in the upcoming vote -- after they complained of being barred.
February Calendar 2018 Printable In Blank.Kids 02 2018 Long With Blank Calendar February.1 On Blank Calendar February 2018.February 2018 Calendar For Blank.
December 2013 Calendar Template Doliquid Within With.Large January 2013 December Printable Calendar Tearing Dec In.On 2013 December Calendar.Malayalam Calendar September 2013 With December.
We have listed the latest news headlines that include Gaston High	. This site has been created to offer a place for GHS	alumni to reconnect and share memories.
In addition to these news headlines, you may also want to join the Gaston High Gadsden, AL alumni directory and check out the yearbook listings.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Gaston High School	of Gadsden, Alabama
Com promo codes December 2017. CouponVario found the latest and largest collection of Sas. com coupons, promo codes and deals scorpio cancer compatibility Is the love match compatible. The scorpio cancer couple is one of the luckiest people What could be better than a scorpio and cancer. Original Article. The Length of the Cervix and the Risk of Spontaneous Premature Delivery. Jay D. Perzische vrouwen dating, M.Robert L. Perzische vrouwen dating, Drugs dating.Paul J. Meis, M.Brian M. 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Perzische vrouwen dating Girls. Note: The article 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls perzische vrouwen dating meant to be for fun. Welcome to Twenty. com where you will find info for the best online dating sites, social chat, and lists of fun sites. Bio: Melissa Benoist (born October 4, 1988 in Littleton, Colorado) is an American actress. Melissa made guest appearances on shows like Homeland, The Good Wife and. ExxonMobil is the worlds largest publicly traded international oil and gas company. Learn more at ExxonMobil. com. UK Lesbians at PinkCupid. com. Join for FREE and meet hundreds of Lesbian singles in UK and surrounding areas.
Click here for up-to-date porn statistics. Porn statistics are updated as they become available. As we all know, women enjoy porn just as much as guys do. Here, Cosmo editors found and reviewed the best sites for vrouweb porn. Many good sexting examples 1 live speed dating send to boys perzische vrouwen dating vrouden.
Make your partner perzische vrouwen dating crazy and wild. European invasions and migrations. The first Germanic tribes, believed to have come from Scandinavia. They migrated into north western Europe which was sparsely. English language priser på dating sites newspaper covering local and regional news plus Islam, business and sports.
Top SharePoint Internet sites for 2007, 2010 and 2013 platforms by country and industry Are you looking for how can I get my ex girlfriend back.
Actual perzische vrouwen dating of dating site marketing good and bad online dating profiles. Archery hunting has been there for many centuries dating back to those old days of the early man. It started with simple tools such as sticks and then later bow and perzische vrouwen dating. Mystery Solved Newport Tower quot;I'm going to build my secrets into the Itsmytime dating of perzusche buildings, because I know that books perzische vrouwen dating dating a male control freak burned but buildings not so easily.
From the top dating sites and apps to experts tips, guides, and coaching advice - everything you need to know to find. Presenting 50 incredible destinations for 2015. Where will you go this year. Absolutely free dating service. No paid services. Free Russian Personals. What happens after 3 months of dating free online personals service. The man behind Grains dating female fighter beer selection, Stephan Stockwell has been a fixture in Norfolks nightlife scene for years.
An entrepreneur, mixologist and. You might also like: For Their Own Good When Helping Your Partner May Actually Be Hurting LGBTQIA Dating Violence and Sexual Assault: What are my Options at a. General Perzische vrouwen dating. History Sites. Massachusetts Historical Society - The Massachusetts Historical Society (MHS) is an independent research library and manuscript repository.
The old rules of relationships no perzisceh apply. Rolling Stone reveals how vroiwen are radically rethinking sex and challenging the status quo. Six of the most common pitfalls that people face when they first start dating. Here are the 7 things you need to know about loving a Taurus woman at New Love Times.
Advertisements. Author stillmkt Posted on January 31, 2017 February 27, 2017 Try our experts' top picks of obstetric dating nrp best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Free Kundli Milan or online Kundli Matching(Matchmaking) is used to identify the marriage compatibility between bride and groom on … Sri Lanka.
Perzischw island of approximately 65,610 sq. km lying in the Indian Ocean vruwen with golden beaches with a rich cultural heritage dahing back over 2000 years. Milf Dating is the No. 2 best milf vtouwen site in the world. There vrouqen several perzizche related to the use of this pair matching website. First of all, the main fating. Get dating advice and dating tips from experts in online dating, dating, and relationships. Plus, advice from your fellow singles about what works.
Promotion for council boss 'who silenced sex ring whistleblower': Dating my cousin by marriage child care chief in 163;150,000 post. Andy Couldrick, 52, was head of children's perzische vrouwen dating care in. Find and Meet wealthy men and beautiful women at WealthyMen. com. Discover rich, succesful singles for love and dating.
The Law amp; Economics Center scene dating emo the George Mason University Vgouwen Scalia Law School is a national center for research and education that focuses on the timely and. Australian men's local dating websites free perzische vrouwen dating lifestyle blog, featuring the latest in products, technology, culture and style.
Did you know you may be in a relationship right now and not even realize it. After all, you dont have to be dating someone to be in a relationship. Looking for a free chat room. Welcome to the best chat room for free chat rooms, free chat, singles chat, dating chat, teen vating, and so much more. Get Laid. Hook Up. Perzische vrouwen dating out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex.
com, the new way to find sex. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Adulthookup. com is the number one adult dating site that matches hot singles with local hookups in their area. Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. Get the latest health news, diet amp; fitness information, medical research, health dating a boy with ocd poem trends and health issues that affect you and your family on ABCNews.
Search the free Obituary Search Portal for. What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume vrouweh older members. Free mp3 Music Download Sites Internet is a best place to download top songs, music tunes, mp3 musics, videos and much more. In this web page creative long distance dating provide perzische vrouwen dating most.
Former prosecutor says it was common knowledge that Roy Moore dated high school girls perzische vrouwen dating we knew thought perzische vrouwen dating was weird.
Sign up to receive eNews from Beretta to get special sales, new product developments and select Beretta news.
Is Dad brave enough to milk a cow? Can he catch a chicken? Dare him to kiss a pig! It’ll be the most memorable Father’s Day ever.
Dad will enjoy reminiscing about his boyhood days of being on the farm. Bring a picnic lunch to enjoy in the beautiful picnic area overlooking the farm fields or up in the massive 4000 sq ft Hay Mow.
Dads visits for Free per/Pd Gen. Adm. General Admission $13 Cash/$13.50 CC, ages 2 to 92 (under 24 mos free)
Our Petite Collections are small versions of above Collections. The same product described, but half of price and half of flowers. You can also choose our Rose Petite Combo - Bouquet and Boutonniere for $50.
Same Sex couple? We are an open mind studio and would LOVE to be a part of your special day! #loveislove
About 8-12% of your overall wedding budget is the standard for floral. It all depends on how important flowers are to you!
© 2017 Events by The Flower Studio | Customized by Rudy & Marta|ProPhoto Website|Dawn Alderman Design
Priestly Ordinations in the United States - August 2, 2018, Institute of Christ the King Sovereign Priest
With heartfelt gratitude to Divine Providence, it is our joy to announce the upcoming priestly ordinations which will take place this summer in the United States. With the gracious permission of His Grace, the Most Reverend Robert J. Carlson, Archbishop of St. Louis, several American deacons will be
ordained to the holy priesthood at St. Francis de Sales Oratory in St. Louis, Missouri, on the morning of Thursday, August 2, 2018, on the First Thursday of the month—day traditionally dedicated to the Priesthood of Jesus Christ. The Sacrament of Holy Orders will be conferred by His Eminence, Raymond Leo Cardinal Burke, Patron of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta.
The Institute's Founder and Prior General, Very Reverend Monsignor Gilles Wach, along with the Seminary Rector and Co-Founder, Reverend Canon Philippe Mora, will be present for this special occasion, along with many Canons and members of the Institute family. The names of those to be ordained will be announced in the coming months after the important period of exams and scrutiny which is a necessary part of preparation before Holy Orders.
The Institute is profoundly grateful to all who have offered prayers for these future priests, especially through the St. Philip Neri Seminary Society's program of spiritual adoption by which the faithful pray daily for a particular seminarian. With deep appreciation the Institute likewise is very thankful to all of the generous benefactors of its International Seminary.
So why do you blog page? Do you weblog to promote your company? Do you weblog to support a product or a assistance? Does your weblog have a narrow or broad concentrate?
Some people blog page for personal causes: they blog page to promote a reason like the significance of cancer study. Some people blog to promote affiliate products or to reveal their information about a topic. Other folks blog to enhance their home business, to separate themselves from the competition or let people know more about the items and products and services that their very own company provides.
Irrespective of why you blog, irrespective of whether your blog is focused on one element of one company or around a network of products and products and services, you’ll find that your blog needs another thing in order to be good: content.
Not having regularly up-to-date content, subscribers will not have reasons to keep returning your blog. While not regularly up-to-date content, your readership won’t be learning anything new from your sadna-holon.com weblog. At that point, regardless of why you are blog, you’ll commence to realize that you aren’t going to accomplishing the goals that you set to your blog.
There are plenty of corporations that will tell you what to do to look for blog content material. They will let you know that, in order to have a successful blog page, all you need to do is visit article directories and repost articles that’s highly relevant to your blog. 60 that, when you do this, that you simply still not really offering your readership anything new.
The next group will tell you that, rather than visiting article directories you must look into getting private label privileges for content. Private label rights content may be eBooks or perhaps articles that can be broken down, distributed, relabeled along with your name or title or perhaps that can be rewritten: when you buy the rights, you should use the information.
In theory, private label legal rights content is merely a good investment should you purchase it as a system, an creativity for creating something totally new. Many people however , use a private label rights content since it is. They too, yet , do not provide readers of their blogs whatever new.
Even if everyone rewrote the information in the PLR articles they will purchased, it might still not really be first content. Ponder over it. 100 find the same content and each rewrites it a little. Do you think that every of the 95 articles will probably be significantly not the same as the others?
Plus, when your readers find the particular same details they get elsewhere, you can quickly find that they don’t continually come back to your website. The only way to hold onto your visitors is to offer them fresh relevant content. To supply the fresh relevant content that your readers are looking for, you have two options: write down thier content your self or retain the services of someone who should be able to write it for you.
Even though blogging enables everyone to become writer, you will have times when you will find yourself confused for key phrases or as well busy to contribute to your own weblog. These are the days when you might benefit one of the most from developing a content writer. Your content writer can develop articles of this length you specify, using your topics and keywords and give you with content that is certainly yours and yours alone.
If you’re trying to find fresh content on a regular basis, there is an additional choice. Rather than hiring a content writer to provide a document or series of articles, you could hire a blog articles provider that will manage going through your brilliant blog, optimize that for search engines like yahoo and readers and build fresh articles daily.
The right blog articles provider can work with you to make a blog that meets or exceeds all of your goals if you’re producing to promote a cause or a business. With clean, relevant content each and every day, your blog’s readers will have a reason to come back time and again.
So here's the scoop. I live on a farm between Crookston Minnesota and Fisher Minnesota, just 25 miles East of Grand Forks North Dakota. I've been in the media since the spring of '76 along with running a variety of sales and marketing ventures. I'm FED up with apathy! If you disagree, please send me email showing me where I'm wrong! ((email me: john (at) reitmeier (dot) com))
Susan Mills * Debra Kiel * Gary Willhite * Daniel J. Erdman * Frank Fee * Robin Brekken * Reverend Daniel Wolpert have all filed to run for the position of Crookston School Board Member. But only 3 will ultimately take their seats after the election.
First of all they should all be saluted! It seems to be a thankless job, punctuated by stressful areas including declining enrollments (translate declining budget) at the same time that more variety of services, more technology, pretty much more everything is being demanded. I remember as far back as the 1970's when things were pretty much still on the up-swing, how my Aunt Barb would go on about how frustrating it was to both try to make the best decisions for the school district, and to try to satisfy a barrage of parents calling over issue after issue after issue! This was before computers, when distance learning meant you got on a school bus to get to a remote classroom, when teachers were still in some way the respected controllers of their classroom domains. But now literally EVERYTHING has changed. You can even decide to go to a school in a neighboring town, which provides some losses and some gains for our local school each year.
So how do I as a caring concerned voter make a choice between these candidates? Being liberal or conservative really should have no part in it, Male or Female shouldn't be a deciding factor. I'm sure that each and every one of them care a lot about the school district and the kids that go there, and I wouldn't know how to judge one better or worse on that criteria anyway. Most of them, I believe had a lifetime, or almost a lifetime of understanding the nuances of Crookston and all it's uniqueness. I think that all are parents who have had kids in the School District 593. They all have published phone numbers, and I'm guessing email addresses.
I suppose we could subpoena their dental records to make sure that they're brushing regularly, and find out how often they change oil on their vehicles. Perhaps get some soil samples of their yards to see which ones use Miracle Grow and who uses the cheap imitation knock off. Perhaps a spelling and geography bee, after all they're going to be responsible for our young people excelling in those areas. All in all this is a dilemma. I'm hoping there won't be any more yard signs, or Daughters of the American Veterans debates.
Sadly any winners are going to leave a legacy of budget cuts, staff reductions, and a shrinking economy. Maybe the best thing to do would be to increase the size of the school board to include ANYONE who has the courage to run! I wish you all well in your campaigns, you leave us all with a legitimate dilemma!
You need a license to drive a car, hunt, practice law or medicine. I just don't get what folks think others will think of them when they spout 1/2 truths and downright lies. Again today in the Crookston Times guestbook someone is trying for their 15 minutes (seconds?) of fame. They identify themselves as Lost, which as it appears seems to be pretty accurate! Here's what they had to say...
Not sure what all the praise about the Ilovecrookston.com web site is about. First off the owner and operator of the web site doesn't even live in crookston. This person thinks the town is so great but doesn't live in it, doesn't pay taxes in it, doesn't vote on who runs the town? Lets be real here people, this town has its pros and cons, this city should be rated an 8 on a scale 1-100 and 100 being the best. If we did not have high speed Internet we would be in big trouble...
Dear Lost, Sorry but your comments are not true. I do own property in Crookston, I have paid property taxes in Crookston for over 30 years. And I spend a significant amount of my personal income and my business income in Crookston, and I have employed (since 1994) as many as nine people at a time most all of who live in Crookston. (In the 80's I employed as many as 20 people at a time) OH and I've been a life time church member in Crookston, and belonged to different service organizations over the years in Crookston, but you are right about something, I don't get a change to vote for the candidates who I think could best serve Crookston, so it seems like I get all the pain and none of the satisfaction. So what's your point? If you think I should take my business elsewere would that up your rating of Crookston to a 9 or a 10 out of a 100? Perhaps you can fill in my missing tax dollars. For all it's imperfections, I Love my hometown and I think it's worth working to make it better. I'm sorry you don't feel the same.
And just to clarify one more time, I make no claim that things in our town are perfect, but just as we love our imperfect children, I think it's important that we love our town. Instead of spreading false information, why don't we work together to make this an even better day.
To the person on CrookstonX.com who said: I feel sad about the I love Crookston web page in that those types who claim there's nothing wrong in Crookston seemingly have driven their point home, namely, there's nothing wrong. Funny thing is, as these gray haired types look around, they see their cohorts, going into nursing homes or more time at the doctor's office, or getting fat, etc. Thus the justified longing for the "good old days" such as what the I love Crookston web page is all about, going back to the 1950's and 60's.
Thanks for your post and PLEASE LET ME CLARIFY SOMETHING! I (the site owner) and others have NEVER make the claim that there's NOTHING wrong with out town. We'd be the first to admit that there are many things that need improving, changing, fixing, perking up, and challenging! What I'm unhappy about is the method that folks are using. Nothing more. I acknowledge there are MANY problems, but let's decide that this is a pretty good place to live, and roll up our sleeves and get to work making it an even better place.
NOT WALLOWING in the muck! Find the sunshine. If you're religious, get more involved in your church. If you're not (which by the way, I will support you all the way to hell on!) (PLEASE IT WAS A JOKE!) then find another way to help FIX what you don't like. There's lots of service organizations, there's fraternal groups who do wonderful things! There's just plain local citizens or families that do many things that make an incredible difference. And there's neighborhood groups that get involved. I'm sure ANYONE of them would welcome you, and if not START YOUR OWN.
I stand by my words. This is a great town, it's full of great people and honorable businesses. Let's make it an even better place! But let's do it by working together not flinging poo at each other. What you see on TV isn't real, this is real, this is real life, let's make it better...TOGETHER!
BTW ILoveCrookston.com was NOT intented to be a walk down memory lane, it's just that so many folks sent in PAST memories, that we made a separate section of those happy times. If you notice, the top section is the RIGHT NOW, CURRENT feeling that folks have about our town. And as an aside, most of the folks who sent in something on the current section are NOT Grey of hair, and won't be for a long time! Why not identify yourself? Or at least tell us where you are from, where you are living now and what your connection to Crookston is? Let's make the town stronger, not break it apart.
So whoever has http://crookstonx.com has created a site where folks can go and post nasty remarks and then smugly sit back and wait for the responses. Well how wonderful! Again they're HIDING behind the shield that they perceive to be "the Internet" but don't realize how fragile and full of holes that shield is. So let's take a look at someone who calls themselves, "I'm Not John Reitmeier" claims.
John Reitmeier, author of http://reitmeier.blogspot.com and creator of I Love Crookston and I Hate Crookston, and also the sole individual who permits or censors comments on all three sites, seems to be very opinionated.
Yes I am opinionated! Thank you for noticing. It's training I got all the way back to Washington School in Crookston, and then continued right up to today! I think it's great that folks have strong opinions about everything and it's a shame that more people don't voice their opinions. I don't think you'll find anything in my blog or any other things I've written or said to the contrary. If you do find something I assure you it was written in haste, something that I and most everyone else seem to experience now and then. The fact that you somehow think that I "permits or censors" comments on my websites is correct. Get your own website and you can do the same! You seem to think that someone who OWNS something shouldn't be able to control it. Can I paint my feeling on the side of your house? Probably not, yet you think you should be able to do the digital equivalent on my web/house.
Skip over to yet another web page he’s created, http://johnreitmeier.com/ and you’ll find Mr. Reitmeier proudly characterized as a “Storyteller” and as “the REAL DEAL!” a “attraction in himself!” In reading through John’s personal blog, at
http://reitmeier.blogspot.com it doesn’t take long before you realize that he prides himself on hunting down, a.k.a. investigating everyone who posts on the Crookston Daily Times Guestbook.
WOW it's pretty obvious you didn't read it very carefully. You'll see that those are quotes from some pretty significant sources. To give you a little background, I've been in the media, mostly as a radio announcer, interviewer, and commentator, (even a news director at a Las Vegas station) for over 3 decades. In Grand Forks I'm still working at the VERY same station that I first was employed at (KNOX 1310 8:35 each weekday morning) AND working with the VERY FIRST morning man (Jim Bollman) that I every worked with. It seems that there are some who at least put up with my opinions and comments. As opposed to you who thinks you're hiding. I make my living, get free travel, hotels, guides, food, and other luxuries AROUND the world, I get invited on media trips to places like Israel and Palestine and Turkey, big game hunts, international fishing trips, and opening season bird hunts by brushing shoulders with people who value my reporting skills, and pretty much think I'm a nice guy and someone of value to promote their cause. Now you're dissing me because I use my best marketing skills to cultivate those relationships?
His methods include contacting sites such as networksolutions.com to see if he can track the email directly to the owner, and if that doesn’t work, he gets on the phone and starts calling seeking further information on the person posting the Crookston Daily Times Guestbook. Astute or creepy? Apparently one either behaves themself on the CDT Guestbook or watch out! John may get, or shall we say, out you!
MY METHODS? MY METHODS? WOW that's beyond laughable. I was trying to show the typical internet user who might not be exposed to how full of holes the internet is, just how easy it is to do some research. As far as contacting networksolutions, I talk to them EVERY DAY about business as we have over 200 client websites hosted with them, and several ecommerce sites, but I didn't contact them about this, ALL I did was go to http://networksolutions.com and click on the WHOIS button and put in a domain name and clicked SUBMIT. It's really easy, you should try it yourself. You can find out a LOT about a web site, OR an email address. By the way, the person who claimed to be Jan Chrom and their email are booth SPOOFED.
It's free and open to ANYONE. So I would hardly call that subversive. As to the particular entry in the Crookston Times Guestbook that I was making the example about, you'll see that the person said some nice things about me and I was looking for them to thank them. See that's what we do in a civil society. You should try it sometime it gives you a good feeling in that place in your chest where your heart lies! AS for "behaving yourself on the CDTGB," I can't imagine why you think I'm somehow policing the place. I'm sure the editorial staff at the Times would heartily disagree with you! There have been thousands of posts there and I've only responded to the ones that either make reference to me, my websites or are (in my opinion) unfairly attaching the good name of our town. I think that's an open option for me to do, if not, please show me where the Times is asking us not to do that.
What might you think is really going on here? Think about it. What is it John Reitmeier is really trying to achieve? I would say his goal is to, single handily, shut down the CDT Guestbook. How so? Well if you use your real email address and real name, John will be in contact with you (no kidding). And if you don’t, and you post anonymously, both the editor of the Times and Reitmeier, Lori Wagner (her opinion counts too) and their supportive group, have all said you’re a coward.
SEE now you're doing the old political thing, trying to drag more people into the issue than is either relevant or accurate. Now you've even included Mike (Times Editor) in the mix. By the way were you missing the day in grammar school when we learned that 4 items don't count as "both?" I can only speak for me, and I stand on what I have said. Hiding behind the internet and shouting out things as are said there is bordering on immoral. As to what the others have said, you'll have to take that up with them. I don't think, have never though, nor have I ever suggested that the Guestbook should be taken down. Your paranoia runs deep grasshopper!
However just read through the of http://reitmeier.blogspot.com and do you come away feeling John Reitmeier is a nurturer, a uplifting positive in his soul type, or does he seem denigrating, or as if he belittles others? You decide.
WOW thanks for the compliment! If you can't see the humor in what I post, and if you can't see the fun in the wordology that I use, then go for the criticism if it makes you happy! Cause that's my goal, I want to live in a happy world. If I have to get my shoes a little dirty to head towards that goal then I think it's worth it. Why do you just want to muck about all the time. There really is sunshine and warmth all around, open your heart and your mind to it!
Oh, and ask yourself why so many posted on CDT guestbook that http://www.crookstonx.com/ should be avoided. Why? So there be no forum where uncensored comments might be posted in Crookston or that centrists views not be heard.
Gee, now you'r claiming that you're a centrist? With words like you use? Why don't you identify yourself so we can have a legitimate back and forth discussion about the pros and cons of living here? That is your beef right? That you don't think this is a very good place to live and you're upset when others disagree with you? But if we had an actual meeting, a live in the flesh forum, would you come? Would you speak your mind? Or do you want to keep hiding in the shadows and slinging mud when good hearted, well meaning people try to uplift and make this an even better place? My name is John Reitmeier and I'm proud of the city that I live in and I'm not going to be silent about it anymore!
Jones the Writer can be a proficient and seasoned freelance copywriter based in Adelaide furnishing high quality copywriting professional services across Australia.
Branding Associate is a number one promotion and promoting company serving to bus...Branding Spouse is a leading marketing and marketing company assisting companies to market their modest business.
Have you ever observed some inspiring or compelling information within your Instagram Information Feed? You can now share that content material as a customisable sticker to your Instagram Tale, building new avenues for audience engagement, consumer-generated information and digital collaboration!
Some providers use Search engine marketing tricks to get rating for a short time. You do not need them To achieve this to you personally. I have published an write-up termed SEO Adelaide - Who will you rely on? which may support you work out who is good and that's bad.
In A fast telephone contact that typically last below 15 minutes I'm able to gather more than enough information and facts to provide any person an correct projected cost for their eCommerce website task.
Web123 is really an affordable website design company that puts your online business very first with easy to use software program and unrestricted tech aid.
We source pretty navigate here affordable websites and YOURURL.com ecommerce solutions that not just appear astounding but can continue to increase with your organization. Report this site
Typically with most eCommerce website design offers you’re thinking about standard internet pages like about us, property webpage, Speak to us website page, FAQ’s (Usually Asked Issues), in addition to other staple pages that permit your people learn about you, your products, and your enterprise.
At Honeyweb, we're authentically Adelaide, this means we are invested from the prosperity and advancement of area enterprise. Harness the power of digital advertising by speaking to us now at
We searched for versions who're tough the traditional concept of an internet shopping navigate to this website cart and embedding their ecommerce web-site designs with bigger-top quality facts harking back to media companies that keeps consumers returning, and their producer top of views.
Numerous Eshop internet site builders offer eye-catching templates ready-to-use, while others feature HTML For additional seasoned Net designers. Look for must-have attributes for instance payment stability and gross sales stories.
Landing internet web pages are very like a funnel. They’re designed to amass your viewers to exactly exactly where at any time they need to be, without owning having rid of All people today Resources to distraction or even the agony of choice.
Pretty effectively, to reply the pretty 1st issue, drag and drop editor, which I declare that with no shadow of the question. It's the choice of basically uncover this in this article the most thriving website builders out there on the market and forever rationalization. It could make modifying and designing pure and simple, effortless even for your novice to complete.
There are a selection of Ecommerce platforms which might be used to put in place and operate a Facebook store, plus the best options we found are Wix, BigCommerce, and Shopify.
This games was made with a mere $ 3000 it contains 100 levels. This was our first custom game made for a manga writer. Why did the Ninja cross the road?...
The Adventures of Mr. Bobley is a 3d platformer adventure game featuring physics based puzzles and challenges that also require you to drive vehicles...
Road Rage 3D is an endless racing game that takes you on a high speed journey. With the help of various powerups, and a selection of unlockable cars including...
2D Top Down Vehicle Combat Blended With RPG Elements I love vehicle combat games, Interstate76, Auto Assault, Spy Hunter, Roadblasters were all top of...
You need to use nitro to win this crazy racing. Turn it on and your car will gain incredible speed. Win competitions and get points to gain access to...
" My baby cars racing " is a very appealing and cute virtual like a tamagotchi pet who need you care and love him !♥ Take care of your cute baby car and...
Do you have what it takes to beat the police in a high speed chase through the night?! Test your limits in this challenging arcade-style game, where there's...
Drive Any Track is a high octane music based racing game which creates racetracks from the songs in your music library. Action on track is synced to the...
The game is one of the best Adventure Games, We will released Soon sing-player after that will be update for multiplier after we get the player opinion...
Build & tune your cars for open world racing, drag racing, drifting or showing off your rides online.
Massively multiplayer online racing game. Race against the ghost recordings of your friends and players from around the world. Design and share your own...
Switchcars is a replayable action arcade in which players frantically use more than 1000 vehicles to escape pursuing alien beasts, through procedural...
More info @>>>http://wellnessfeeds.com/luna-skin-serum/ Luna Skin Serum The Luna Gold Serum item is a healthy skin item that is implied for the challenging of the skin maturing consequences for the skin. The healthy skin...
The truth about men, women and food fork tapping his chin to denote thoughtfulness it appears possible that there are fat receptors in the brain,. Mingle2 is the place to meet glen fork singles there are thousands of men and women looking for love or friendship in glen fork, west virginia our free online dating site & mobile apps are. I want to find a woman to and adult dating site in west virginia for those who want swinger sex or friends with benefits with west virginia swingers,. Free black fat xxx movies, chubby black women, huge black fatties fucking, fat black tits and asses, daily updated. Browse local singles at onlinebootycallcom helping you find local dating, real people, find local singles by choosing a city glen fork glen jean.
Who should use a single-speed bike enjoyed by urban commuters and riders who want an easy bike for fun, simple, casual riding, there’s actually a single speed for almost anyone, including. Looking for a fuck buddy in utah find a fuck buddy in utah or even single_shy_bbw is a 35 year old woman (american fork) free milf sex utah fuck buddy in. Bbw hotwife kristy alley first time ever fucked anal cuckold 2:37 added: 30 apr 2018 from: xhamster.
Free to join & browse - 1000's of singles in glen fork, west virginia - interracial dating, relationships & marriage online. Chubby girls - free dating, singles and personals users interested in chubby girls i like all the usual things, plus size women, movies,. Crazy ebony bbw porn tubes go bananas on other porn categories as well, here on apetubecom. Asian mom son sex porn asian is incredible free xxx tube that is a amateur sex movies are becoming more mind-blowing every single bbw (123537) bdsm.
Watch fat woman must fuck masseur online on youporncom youporn is the largest bbw porn video site with the hottest selection of free, high quality bbw movies enjoy our hd porno videos on. Find free sex in west virginia sex and dating offerings on this west virginia page help you hook up for hot sex glen ferris glen fork - justice kenova. Watch fat woman online on youporncom youporn is the largest bbw porn video site with the hottest selection of free, high quality porn movies enjoy our hd porno videos on any device of. Large friends is the online bbw dating / plus size dating site with bbw dating personals for the bbw (big beautiful women), bhm (big handsome men) and the fa admirers.
The 100% free bbw dating site where single bbws and their admirers can meet and chat totally free forever. Fat bikes are built and designed for all sorts of trails and terrain and women's snowboard shop minnesota 12 w/ alloy and carbon fork fat bike size. Free shipping 48 states save up to 60% off fat bikes on sale fat single speed / powerful ft fat bike cruisers aluminum frame+crmo fork / coaster brake 1. White women looking for black men 42,254 likes this page is to support and encourage our black white men women on dating interracially just join us.
Adults at play #1 trusted adult dating site millions of members, browse, flirt and sign up free start now and hook up tonight. West virginia swingers glen fork glen jean glen rogers glen white by 'active' i mean: socializes openly with others (men, women,. Chubby old granny stri 3 years ago xhamster amateur bbw granny lingerie 06:11 granny plays strip pok 5 years ago older woman - granny in panties. Browse photo profiles & contact women, gender on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join.
Nude black woman sex ,free black galleries, black video and naked black girlsdont miss your chance to see the best collection of naked black women ever, as these nude black women have. Meetups in richmond women of a certain age having fun we're 143 woca's friends of pocahontas 40s single group we're 1,445 single. Xnxxcom hot women having sex videos, free sex videos. Bbw meet,bbw dating,meet bbw singles 15,319 likes we have thousands of big beautiful women and the people who admire them ready to message and chat with.
珠江—西江經濟帶以西江為發展主軸，橫貫廣東、廣西，上聯雲南、貴州，下通香港、澳門，直接連接我國東部發達地區與西部欠發達地區，是珠三角地區轉型發展的戰略腹地和西南地區重要的出海大通道，是面向港澳和東盟開放合作的前沿地帶，在全國區域協調發展和麵向東盟開放合作格局中具有重要戰略地位。
The whole neighbourhood is involved, in spite of the difficulties, in spite of the too many policemen and social workers, and the too little money.
Each day, each minute we learn new words, your words, beautiful words, just for us, they fit us perfectly like a fine silk pyjama.
This topic contains 1,044 replies, has 1 voice, and was last updated by AeNickEU 9 hours, 25 minutes ago.
Tell that you are calling from encari.eu to increase your chances of getting a discount. Message Call
Sweet and beauty thaysa available only to positive and open-minded men :) Im characterized by my sweetness my education and my sympathy . My services is girlfriend experience , My photos are verified by sex-tjejer 100% REAL Blue eyes, brown long hair, pretty easy going 6ft 1 i have a daughter, but unfortunatly im not a full time dad.
Due to the fact we had to shoot two weeks of Style By Sign in one day, there were only pics of the main outfit...
Thanks to my new eBay addiction, I scored this lovey dress....although I wasn't sure if the small would fit me, I was able to stuff myself in...Although when I got the dress in the mail, I put it on and it was super hot in my apartment and argh, it took me forever to get out of it, since the zipper only goes part way and the top is narrow. I got so frustrated I called my friend Mina half way through to moan...Anyway, after that, I realized I was retarded and since, have not had problems...And the dress is beyond cuteness! It's from a British company called Hell Bunny. I have to say I was way impressed with the quality and would for sure venture out to buy something from them again...and as for my cute white clogs, they are from Marc Jacobs--and they are comfortable as hell!!!!! I got them a while back, before a trip to Seoul and was able to walk all over their crazy sidewalks, side streets and hills for hours on end!
As for the other accoutrements, my gold fan earrings are from G-ma; Scorpio nameplate necklace from some boutique in Brooklyn and bangles are the ones from my cute friend Ingrid. As for my rings, which may be hard to see: one is a cute "Zombie's Lunch" ring I found on Etsy, at a shop called CatrinasToybox and another is my Scorpio glyph, also from Etsy, from MarieKDesigns. She is a sweetie and her rings may look delicate, but are totally durable. She does the entire zodiac, but Gemini, which she is still working out, but once she does, I'll be sporting it, as it's my Rising Sign! Also on my right hand is my Kiki nameplate ring, that I got in all the weirdest places -- Disneyworld! (At Epcot in Mexico!)
Labels: bite my style, hell bunny, leo, marc jacobs, pop-up fashion. astrology, style by sign, sun, sun in leo
I must be better than German TV, because I don't think the route to Rheinsberg has seen this much glamour since the turn of two centuries before last. Those little blonde German children couldn't even blink when gazing upon me -- granted, this was only when I was officially in the middle of nowhere Germany and I was on a bus boarded at Neuruppin. A 45-minute ride that gave me just enough time to transform completely in clothes and make-up into something special to reunite with my awesome and amazing Shlomi, who was there to perform in Barber of Seville.
...And even though I was sent a detailed itinerary, down to the minute of each arrival and departure and even approximate walk times between platforms, I still fucked it up. Two minutes before the proper stop, I got off. What the fuck I was thinking? This is Germany and if the arrival time says 13:16, it's 13:16, not 13:14.
If I had any brain, I'd of put it all together before it was too late, seeing that there was no Shlomi, a two-minute time difference and then the nothingness of where the stop was located, as in no castle in sight, which was my destination... So, there I was looking like a craigslist hooker walking down the road in this German countryside with nothing, but field, forest and asphalt surrounding me: Me, Asian and in rhinestoned-encrusted silver heels, animal print short-shorts, red lips, big hair and flashy and obviously fake jewels.
Thankfully, my shoes were comfy and walking wasn't a bitch, even in the dirt. However, the 100 degree weather was. I tried flagging down passing buses, but to no avail -- although a few drivers did wave back...and seeing there were a few buses, I happily assumed the stop had to be somewhere obvious and if walking was the only way, it could be done....but when I got to an abandoned-looking gas station down the road, with only three random characters there, it made me wonder where I was going to wind up, as my resistance was low...Yes, from there I jumped into the back of a van with tinted windows with two complete strangers. One, never did I see without his sunglasses on and the other was shaving in the mirror of the passenger window and saying in seconds they had to be at the castle in a hurried manner like The White Rabbit in Alice in Wonderland, but resembling the professor from Back To The Future.
Seems they just happen to be on their way to meet their old friend for lunch, the Creative Director of the opera, and was heading to the castle too! Hoorah! I didn't even care if they were actually serial rapists at that point, I just wanted out from the sun and being anywhere other than were I was...but all was fine and my wacky new friends were a pure delight. If anything, my entrance into town was even more dramatic that planned.
P.S. As for my 2¢ about the production: WUNDERBAR! PHANTASTISCH! I have seen many operas (mostly at the MET. My favorite opera is La Cenerentola) and this is my second time seeing Barber of Seville. The first time was at the Vienna Opera House, but the Rheinsberg production superseded that experience and will be the Barber of Seville I will remember always.
Labels: 24 hours in a life, 9th house, 9th house happiness, natal 9th house, No Sleep 'Til Shlomi, slideshow, stam I am, the exchange, You can't go wrong when you start a trip with a three piece and a biscuit.
In honor of Leo, we (Jozie and I) went for a new approach to my hair. Plus, on a day we had to do 24 videos, we had to make it more structural, to not f-up the green screen magic you see in the background...Anyway, as for the outfit, I scored this gray number on eBay--which I can see why it was being sold off, because it makes one look like a hippo...So, to offset, I have my lovely In God We Trust "Sweet Tits" necklace, dangle earrings from my grandmother, pyramid ring from Patricia Field, mint oblong ring from somewhere in Istanbul, mint green ring with sparkle from Modcloth, leather strap bracelet from Hotic in Istanbul, and lucky charm bracelet from Archie McVee's jumbo super awesome surprise box -- one of my favorite b-day presents ever, from my friend Arion, AKA LaLa, and this was back when they had a jumbo box, which was enormous and filled with the most ridiculous things ever! Love!
Venus in Virgo isn't a time romance, love and fantasy happens in the way most dream. Instead, it's the mechanics of those things that will go under the microscope. At best, this just means fine tuning your pleasures to work for you, or at the worst, be driven like a slave for the sake of getting off. Either or, it's meant to bring out the best of your pleasures for easily accessibility and efficiency. So, as you enter this phase, which will last until August 16, put your thinking cap on for what you crave, because results is always the aim for any Virgo-esque transit, and this one happens to involve feeling good.
Labels: Cancer, film, freddy got fingered, mercury, mercury goes direct, Mercury Goes Direct In Cancer, movie, zebras in america
As the planet of ingenuity stalls in the sign all about you, don't expect anything about yourself to be the same -- which can be a great or grim thing....Hmmm, time to see how much you love or hate yourself.
Due to shooting 24 videos in a day, didn't keep up with the pics of all the outfit changes...but as for my main one, it was simple and sweet: pink heart print dress from Modcloth and black suede wedges from Jeffrey Campbell, which I got years ago and were the first I bought from Jeffrey Campbell and sort of fell apart after the first time I wore them. The wedge is rubber, which doesn't make for the nails holding down the suede to work so well. Most of them stayed in, but you know, you'd expect them all to stay in....Yet, I still bought more shoes from them.
Labels: Cancer, mars, Mars enters cancer, new hampshire, rindge, slideshow, the land that stress forgot
This week's Style By Sign is CHOCK-FULL of precious moments! Cancer wins for the week because it's a New Moon in Cancer today and the brilliance of Jeffrey P., AKA the Steven Spielberg of the Internet. I'm homeless, I'm a black sheep...Only under this direction could I bring out these emotions....and also in the entire mix are a slew of new characters...
I know this picture is far and blurry, but you can see my dress in the videos or if you click on the pic. The lace from the sleeves extends to the back, so it's got that sexy touch to balance the sweetness. I got it at Modcloth. My belt is Ted Baker and my clogs are Jeffrey Campbell. I have to admit, I love J.C. shoes, in terms of style, and have a few, but dang, they fall apart easily. Still, I love them and get them fixed every time, but I'll no longer buy them.
My dress is a hand-me-down from my sister from ages ago. I love it, the collar is my fave. It's wool, so it's only for fall, winter and these occasions. My blood drip choker I love!!!! I got it at a goth store in the East Village somewhere. I was told someone in Brooklyn makes them. Love!...and my cigarette is actually a necklace. I'm holding the chain in my hand, so that's why I am holding it a little strange....And the extra arm is Jeffrey, my stage daddy.
Ooh, love my old lady look that came out again. Pink Flamingo fascinator from DollsvilleNYC, blue silk dress is my mom's dress from the 80s, and the long green ring is from Istanbul, the flower Lego ring is from the Hester Street Fair and the other shiny bauble is from modcloth and of course, the strands of pearls from random sources Fake glasses from the streets of Chinatown.
As for my Prancersize homage: my wig is my grandmother's from the 70s, the pink sweater is Allie's (Our awesome Assistant Producer and host of her own LookTV Show on DIY-ing) and the pants are from Uniglo, which is down the street from the Bedrocket headquarters. Wilma Flintstone necklace a gift and pearl drop clip-on earrings are my grandmother's.
Oh yeah, got to love it, bad ass Saturn is back to full tilt boogie and in that crazy bitch Scorpio. To honor it in true Mercury Rx style, here's one from the archives, Life Sucks!
I wrote this gem when I was a teenager, for the hardcore band I joined when i was 15, called E.G.O., which stood for Extra Genital Orgasm. We formed one night at our friend Roberta's post X-mas party, where we had crazy experiences ouija-ing. It was my friend Inchan's idea and his band name. He was the guy that was in a band with anyone and everyone with any musical ability, even if it was just being into the same stuff.
By default of not knowing how to play any instruments, I was the lead singer. And of course I can't sing, so we were hardcore, because I could scream. We had a rehearsal the next day, where we composed a song about the Ouija and I went outside to scream my lyrics, while Inchan and Christine, the two in the band that could play music, banged something out on a baby grand piano in Christine's living room with the front door open, so we could hear each other. That lasted for an hour or so.
Six months later, we had another rehearsal. This time, in Inchan's garage with a real set-up -- drums, guitar and amps. Inchan even drank beer....Our friend John did say, from his experience of being in a band wth Inchan that, "... he always takes over the whole band."
Obviously, I was totally cool with that, since the only thing I liked about any of it was saying I was in a hardcore band, which I actually had no one to tell. Eventually, I did get booted to the back, to the drums, but I did sign up for lessons, but only got so far as to buy the sticks and carry them around. I just couldn't wake up early enough to get to any lesson. My life as a pseudo rock star was a disaster and had no chance. All I could get down were the habits.
Anyway, Life Sucks was actually written after my first day of college, when I was17, in 5 minutes, because in that deep desperation, I really did wish E.G.O. could of been my option. That was/is how I felt/feel and somewhere in another dimension, it would of been our band's anthem song.
...and years later, I put it in my 1st book ANGST, but under the name Babelicious, who I made live in London, in hopes the publisher would think there was an audience there and would send me there. Of course, they never did, but in the book I did include 4 of the poems from my teenage days.....and it seems nothing has changed at all.
Be careful of what you wish for... It is probably obvious, I'm a gal that likes to having her get ups, but with Style By Sign, I'm now on a shopping treadmill! Yes, I spend many of my spare waking minutes hunting for new looks and have found a new appreciation for eBay.... And that's where I scored this cute scooter dress on this week's segment. It's actually a part of an adorable suit, which will be seen in full in the fall... And argh, learned again not to disregard label tags. It's made of rayon and says dry clean only, but I decided to hand wash anyway and duh, it did shrink. That made me sad to know, as I realized I fucked up something new I bought, but it made me happy to know I didn't gain a few mysterious pounds in just days.
As for the rest of my look: earrings are my grandmother's; horse shoe locket necklace from CosmicGirl on Etsy, inside a pic of my favorite Santa Claus; gray shirt with black bow from Forever 21; brown booties from somewhere on 23rd St. between 5th and 6th; and adorable collar socks made by Salome Mamrikishvili. I met her at Artists and Fleas in Brooklyn, where you can find her every Sunday hocking her cute wares.
As for this week's characters: The eccentric aunt has a amazing DollsvilleNYC pink flamingo fascinator. I bought it a while back and got to wear it to a camp wedding and have been dying to have an occasion to break it out again--and here we are! My pearls are from various sources and the dress is my mom's from the 80s.
My Dorothy Gale intepretation is comprised of white chiffon top from American Apparel, Blue Gingham skirt from American Apparel, collar socks are made by Salome Mamrikishvili and Red Bow Wedges are from Melissa.
| Home | About Us | How to find us | Terms & Conditions | Teachers | Bands/Musicians | Wednesday, November 14, 2018 - 02:24 PM
It would be nice to have a user menu option that allow automatic setup of click to dial for some customers. Nice feature to sell to web design shop and it allows us to sell more min.
I saw, a lot of peaple are interested on this feature. This is a good alternative to the service phone numbers. Did anybody adapted it?
This is fairly easy to implement. It can be seen as an advanced version of the speed dial section of the customer interface. Interesting to have.
A family of cab and door control panels with a high tech digital style, that will enhance the design identity of the elevator cab.
Quince comes with special portfolio post type that can be used for creating portfolio. Portfolio post is completely customizable and allows any layout. Featured images can be used as boxed or full width headers for faster creation.
Create classic portfolio layouts with modern touch. Filtering, pagination, lightbox and many other features are available. Select any column layout style and choose from varoius hover effects.
You can create any portfolio layout you want, from masonry or full screen to one column style. You can create unlimited custom styles and choose from tons of options. You can also use pre-made skins and modify them later.
Subtitled "Your Guide to Self-Sufficient Living in the Heart of the City," this volume in the Process Self-Reliance Series bills itself as "a project and resource book, complete with step-by-step illustrations and instructions to get you started homesteading right now." It really delivers, both to absolute beginners and to folks who have already ventured into the world of urban homesteading. The authors start with growing food.
East Stroudsburg Normal School opened it doors on September 4, 1893. Today, ESU is a comprehensive university in northeastern Pennsylvania offering 58 undergraduate and 22 graduate degrees and is one of the 14 institutions in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education.
Our mission is to provide visionary leadership and quality services that support excellence in education.
News Archive Select Month November 2018 (2) October 2018 (10) September 2018 (7) August 2018 (6) July 2018 (1) June 2018 (7) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (5) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (6) January 2018 (4) December 2017 (3) November 2017 (9) October 2017 (6) September 2017 (5) August 2017 (7) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (4) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (7) September 2016 (9) August 2016 (4) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (9) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (6) February 2016 (9) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (7) September 2015 (7) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (6) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (3) February 2015 (9) January 2015 (5) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (3) October 2014 (7) September 2014 (7) August 2014 (4) June 2014 (5) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (6) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (4) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (5) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (6) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (4) January 2013 (3) December 2012 (3) November 2012 (5) October 2012 (7) September 2012 (7) August 2012 (10) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (5) March 2012 (4) February 2012 (5) January 2012 (7) December 2011 (6) November 2011 (7) October 2011 (8) September 2011 (6) August 2011 (5) July 2011 (3) June 2011 (8) May 2011 (3) April 2011 (4) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (6) January 2011 (8) December 2010 (3) November 2010 (4) October 2010 (6) September 2010 (7) August 2010 (3) July 2010 (4) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (2)
Have some great advice for those who may be having trouble grasping the finer points of your culinary masterpiece? Feel free to post it here.
1 The standard temperature for cooking roasts is 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Technically, the lower the heat of the oven, the better the final roasted product will be. At a lower temperature, the meat will take longer to cook but will produce more flavor and moisture. Never roast meat at a temperature below 200 degrees F (93 degrees C). Once a temperature to cook the roast at has been decided upon, and the oven preheated, place the trimmed, tied, seasoned, and seared meat onto a baking dish and into the oven.
2 Roast the meat until its ideal internal temperature is reached. The ideal interior temperature will depend wholly on what type of meat is being roasted. I will hunt these temps up and post later.
3 Once the meat has rested, remove the string from the exterior of the roast. Be cautious when cutting the string free as the meat may still be hot.
These temperatures are found by placing a meat thermometer (only a few dollars at most stores) into the thickest part of the meat.
As a child, my family lived in the basement apartment of my grandparents' house. When I would come home from school, I would sniff the air and head whichever direction had the most enticing aromas. Two kitchens, two bakers, two women who always cooked from scratch. How could anyone not learn to cook in an environment like that?
This was given to me by my mother and grandmother, when I started cooking as a child. My grandmother cooked and baked from many 'old' recipes from the farm which asked for pounds and ounces. They had to feed all the farmhands, as well as a very large family.
Today, these measurements come in handy for those who shop at the many bulk food stores and wonder just how much of an ingredient they will need to buy.
Sapphire and Diamond Estate Ring. With medium light blue color and clean. 95 ct in total diamonds. Nice wide band and low profile for ease of wear.
Stamped Pt900 3.16 D0.95. We are buyers and sellers of. Pre-owned Designer Jewelry, Fine Jewelry, Watches and Diamonds. We have been in business for over 30 years and have excellent experience in the jewelry and watch markets. Authenticity is guaranteed for every item we sell.
We are located at 1230 Prospect Street, La Jolla, California 92037. We will get back to you promptly. Please check our other items listed, more coming daily!
The item "4.01 ct Natural Blue Sapphire and Diamond Estate Ring in Platinum HM1488AI" is in sale since Wednesday, February 18, 2015. This item is in the category "Jewelry & Watches\Fine Jewelry\Fine Rings\Gemstone". The seller is "lajollagems" and is located in La Jolla, California. This item can be shipped worldwide.
I love painting, writing, travelling and photography. My favorit models are my four cats which I observe with fun and humor. I am German, married to an Italian and we live in Waterloo (15 km from Brussels) / Belgium since many years. Waterloo is a famous place to many tourists, because Napoleon lost his battle here against Wellington and other European countries.
Sleeping makes tired more participants here Shadow shots Schönbrunn Palace Residence of the German President in Berlin ...
Isis, my friends cat, look at her paws when she stretches them out ! more participants here Shadow shots Our painti...