Do you & your bf watch any porn together? Not together but we do watch it separately at the same time lol
Do you have to refrain from sex before a porn shoot to make sure you have a good money shot? If so how many days do you go with out sex/jerking off? Yes. Usually between 3 days to a week
What do you think about ‘gay for pay’? And guys from’ gay for pay’? Let em do what they want. I like being paired with str8 guys anyway #hotness
What is Evan Parker’s personality like? He’s super nice and has a great sense of humor! He is a great guy and very genuine! 🙂
Who has the bigger dick: your boyfriend or a porn star you’ve slept with? Only one or two others had a bigger dick
What’s the biggest dick you’ve taken? And what’s the biggest dick you want to take? I think it was a nine. And I want to be able to take at least an eleven 😛
What do you like more, your bf’s dick or ass? They both look pretty massive. Ass! It’s a great pillow! And it feels great! 😉
How do you manage to have such a sexy ass? 🙂 You only do squats to keep your bubble butt round and firm? I do more than just squats! I do squats and lunges for my legs and butt and then I do some arms, chest, and ab exercises. I also eat special food
What’s your obsession with underwear all about? I just like the designs, the colors, and how comfortable they are
I think Thor is a sex addict, I mean every time he exercises he comes after you…top him next time! Lol oh I top him plenty 😉
You guys fuck all the time. ever get interrupted and can’t finish right away? No not really, we’ve had good privacy 🙂
When you two are together who typically does what? Or do y’all flip flop? We do a lot of flip-flopping 🙂
Major turn ons? and Major turn offs? Ass-eating, kissing, pretty eyes, sexy body, handsome face, big ass are major turn ons
Someone gives you & your boyfriend two plane tickets. Where would you like the destination to be? I would love to go to London!
What’s your biggest dream? and what’s your biggest fantasy? My dreams are a secret and my fantasy includes sexy men 😉
I realize that writing a comment 2-3 years after the fact is akin to barking at the moon, but having been only recently exposed to Ian’s many charms I have a question of my own.
In most shoots Ian seems much paler than whoever he’s with. in some of the early scenes his skin looks darn well White. Is this genetics, chemically induced or just a severe lack of sunshine?
Beth, I love, love, and love your quote of the day. Although I haven’t brushed up recently on my childhood fairytales, it seems to me that the story of Hansel & Gretel sticks in my mind as a favorite: stories of survival against the odds were a big encouragement to me. Still is!
I’m in… I want to try for ten pounds in six weeks but I’ll be okay if I can hit six. Just a warning… I’ll be looking for lots of support… any ideas…recipes, tips, words of wisdom etc. I am going to attempt to come up with some kind of blog so I can have accountability. I am stuck on a blog name. I feel such pressure when I read the cool names onyour blogroll.
that they do not interfere with stitching. I have made three quilts so far from these leftovers, have made some nifty potholders, and now I am making zippered bags for my knitting. Didn’t cost me a penny unless you count the thread.
This blog is all about the life in UAE and its emirates. Life in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Sharjah and other northern emirates would be the main discussion on this blog. More to come on places to visit in uae.
You can watch HAJJ 2012 Live online here. This is a live streaming straight from Makkah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and nearby places where the Hajj is performed. If you face any issues with the live video streaming, please refresh the page or visit the page after a minute.
THE TWO EXTENDED METAPHORS that Paul deploys in 1 Corinthians 3:5-15 make roughly the same point, although each carries a special shading not found in the other.
In the agricultural metaphor (1 Cor. 3:5-9), the Lord is the farmer, Paul prepares the ground and plants the seed, Apollos waters the fledgling plants, and the Corinthians are "God's field" (1 Cor. 5:9). In the context, which is designed to combat the Corinthians' penchant for division based on attaching themselves to particular "heroes" (1 Cor. 3:3-4), Paul is concerned to show that he and Apollos are not competitors, but "fellow workers" (1 Cor. 5:9)--indeed, "God's fellow workers" (i.e., they are fellow workers who belong to God, not fellow workers along with God, as if God makes up a threesome). Not only so, but neither Paul nor Apollos can guarantee fruit: God alone makes the seed grow (1 Cor. 3:6-7). So why adopt a reverential stance toward either Paul or Apollos?
The architectural metaphor initially makes the same point: the various builders all contribute to one building, and therefore none should be idolized. Now the Corinthians are not the field, but the building itself (1 Cor. 3:9-10). Paul laid the foundation of this building; otherwise put, he planted the church in Corinth. The foundation that Paul laid is Jesus Christ himself (1 Cor. 3:11). Since his departure from this building project, others have come and built on this foundation. Thus, so far the architectural metaphor implicitly makes the same point that the agricultural metaphor made explicitly.
But now the architectural metaphor turns in a slightly different direction. Paul insists that later builders are responsible to choose with care the material they put into this building (1 Cor. 3:12-15). A "Day" is coming (1 Cor. 3:13), the day of judgment, when all that is not precious in God's sight will be consumed. It is possible that a builder could use such shoddy materials that in the end, all that he has built is devoured, even if he himself escapes the flames.
Two observations: (1) The person Paul describes as being "saved, but only as one escaping through the flames" (1 Cor. 3:15), is not some purely nominal Christian whose conduct is indifferentiable from that of any pagan. Such do not enter the kingdom (1 Cor. 6:9-10). This is a "builder," not the mass of Christians who constitute the "building" (1 Cor. 3:10). The question is whether these evangelists and pastors are using proper materials. (2) In 1 Corinthians 3:16-17, the building, the church of God, becomes a temple. Later on, God's temple is the individual Christian's body (1 Cor. 6:19-20), but here it is the local church. God loves this building so much that he openly threatens to destroy those who destroy God's temple. Damage the church, and you desecrate God's temple--and God will destroy you.
Showcasing new promotional products, promotional marketing tips, promotional industry news, promotional merchandise campaigns
Travelling with modern gadgets can prove fiddly with the need to charge your devices regularly but our Power Passport Holder can really be a useful item to have on hand so is ideal as Team Members Gifts. They look fantastic branded with company logos and are sure to be appreciated at end of year events.
It really is the ultimate travel companion. This versatile passport wallet comes with a built in 4000mAh lithium polymer battery to charge your devices on the go.
Also supplied with a charging cable to charge most phones and tablets, and battery capacity display on the back. Pen & USB’s not included. Supplied in a black tuck box.
100 Christmas Corporate Gifts Countdown 2017 – Idea #13 Puzzle Power Bank The fact is that most of us own some sort...
JEM Promotional Products focus on creating Innovative Promotional Concepts to integrate with your marketing campaign.
Our Create Your Image Blog showcases new promotional products, promotional marketing tips, promotional industry news, promotional merchandise campaigns from all over the World, and will keep you up to date with the latest JEM Promotional Products news.
At JEM Promotional Products we are constantly striving to improve internal processes so that we can better serve our clients. We welcome feedback regarding your experience when interacting with our company and any positive suggestions you may have. On True Local you can post a review as well as give JEM Promotional Products a star rating.
Cool drinks are crucial to have close by as the hot weather approaches so one of our favourite gifts this Christmas is the Alaska Cooler Seat. It’s a versatile gift item that can be part of a merchandise range or simply given as employee or clients gifts this Christmas.
This quality 2-in-1 gift is both a seat and a cooler bag. It is made from tough 600d nylon with a super-tough black metal frame and carry handles, it features a foil insulated cooler compartment designed to keep food and drink cool for hours. Available in blue, black or navy.
100 Christmas Corporate Gifts Countdown 2016 – Idea #21 Miami Picnic Cooler Picnics are one of the most popular activities during the...
100 Christmas Corporate Gifts Countdown 2017 – Idea #76 Superior Outdoor Chair Enjoying the great outdoors is something we all like to...
100 Christmas Corporate Gifts Countdown 2016 – Idea #60 Superior Outdoor Chair Spending time outdoors is one of the most relaxing ways...
I just found the rmx by DJ Manaia today just brosing around Hypem and am pretty much loving it. I havn’t heard any rmx originally done by ACDC sinse Crookers rmx’d Thunderstuct. Anyways here are a few tight tracks by Dj Manaia who is killing it like 95 pabsts.
Written by JSHAW in: Music | Tags: acdc, back in black, Dance, dj manaia, Electro, House, mpw, Remix
A powerful beginning in the year 1993 has brought Koenig to what it is today! The organization possesses 19 years of rich industry experience and maintains a team of more than 150 highly committed and qualified IT trainers. It is
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012
Top 6 Programming Languages That Every Developer Should Learn In 2018 February 6, 2018 IT Learning Center
Cloud Applications Management and Development Training Part of the New IT Trends September 22, 2015 IT Learning Center
Back at its OpenWorld event in 2014, Oracle announced it was working on a Node.js driver for its database products. The resulting code was released last week, as open source code with an Apache 2.0 license.
The driver is now available from GitHub, and includes tools for working with JavaScript objects and arrays, and for translating between Oracle and JavaScript data types. It’s designed to handle transactions, and to work with Oracle’s built-in scaling tools. This includes the ability to quickly end transactions in the event of server failures – allowing Node.js applications to quickly failover to another database, without losing user data.
Yet another project is graduating from experiment to proper part of Google. Only two weeks ago, Glass left the confines of the Skunk Works-like Google X and became its own division headed up by Nest co-founder Tony Fadell. Now Project Tango, the 3D-s...
Papyros is a new Linux distribution in the making that will use the Material Design style from Google. There is nothing to test so far, but the progress made by the developers is impressive and it's very likely that this will become one of the most interesting distros available.
TouchWiz has long been known as being far too full of bloat and unnecessary software, but the real problem with Samsung's version of Android is that these added features come with a hard hit on performance. According to a report this morning from SamMobile, the Korean company might be going as far as to remove all features from the OS that can possibly be downloaded - and this just so happens to coincide with today's market share numbers showing that Apple and Samsung were neck-and-neck in Q4. Isn't competition lovely?
ShmooCon 2015 Videos — videos to security talks from ShmooCon 2015. Comcast (Github) — Comcast is a tool designed to simulate common network problems like latency, bandwidth restrictions, and dropped/reordered/corrupted packets. On BSD-derived systems such as OSX, we use tools …
Read the full article here by O'Reilly Radar - Insight, analysis, and research about emerging technologies
CES has come and gone; the holidays are long past; and now all we're left with are a few months of dreary weather. No fun, right? Right. Except if you're a tech writer. Now that most major companies have revealed their new lineups, we have the exciti...
Created and designed by Google, Material Design is a design language that combines the classic principles of successful design along with innovation and technology. Google’s goal is to develop a system of design that allows for a unified user experience across all their products on any platform. Materialize is a modern responsive front-end framework based [...]
When Navid Khonsari left Rockstar Games after working as the cinematic director on several Grand Theft Auto titles, he was sure he wouldn't make another video game. Instead, he returned to his first love, documentary filmmaking and, in the process, s...
Chrome apps are sometimes criticized as being strictly internet-only, virtually useless if you need to work offline. There’s some truth in that, but it’s not always the case. Ra is a Chrome-based text editor which not only works with local text files, but can double as a simple file manager. The add-on supports plain text files only, and is clearly aimed at developers. Files are initially displayed with line numbers; there are 100+ syntax highlighting schemes, and you can opt to use emacs or vim key bindings. Ra can be used by anyone, though, and if your needs are less… [Continue Reading]
The following is a guest post by Sarah Drasner (@sarah_edo). Sarah has been researching and giving talks about animation lately. I jumped at the chance to have her share some of that research here, this time focusing on SVG animation and the different tech choices you can make to do it.
After working with a number of SVG animation techniques for a few months now, I can give you a basic overview so you can compare them yourself. …
Matter.js is a JavaScript 2D rigid body physics engine for the web. The Matter.Engine module contains methods for creating and manipulating engines. An engine is a controller that manages updating and rendering the simulation of the world. Matter.js is currently only alpha status, meaning the API is still in development and may change occasionally. The [...]
How Might We Code in VR? — caught my eye because I’m looking for ideas on how to think about interaction design in the holoculus world. Git Workflows for Pros — non-developers don’t understand how important this is to productivity. …
The Federal government's auto regulator is recommending auto makers to consider installing crash imminent braking and dynamic brake support as standard equipment on all new cars produced. The recommendations are the first step in getting needed technology in as a mandatory regulation. Crash imminent braking, as the name implies, uses on-board sensors to detect when a crash is about to happen and then deploy the brakes if the driver has not already done so. Comments
I applied through cadence home -> careers ->. I uploaded my linkedin link as resume. I got a call within a week and was asked to give a telephonic round. Round 1 – Telephonic 1. Tell me about yourself 2. What is the difference between C and C++ 3. Is a C program faster than […]
Allegorithmic presents a in-depth article on the interaction of light and matter and the basics of Physically-based rendering in this article. Light is a complex phenomenon as it can exhibit properties of both a wave and a particle. As a result, different models have been created to describe the behavior of light. As texture artists, [...]
You might not be happy that Google isn't fixing a web security flaw in your older Android phone, but the search giant now says that it has some good reasons for holding off. As the company's Adrian Ludwig explains, it's no longer viable to "safely" p...
Most Blu-rays and DVDs these days come with filmmaker commentary tracks, but it isn't too often you get to hear a game developer give play-by-play while running through something they created. That's the thrust behind the latest episodes of Double Fi...
Flester Iulian is offering a collection of free to use sound recordings. His library currently contains 150 samples, all recorded in high quality and shared as 320kb/s MP3's. Flester writes: When I'm not coding or playing with Blender, I like to record sound effects. The sounds are added as mp3 files. I prefer to upload [...]
16 Andreessen-Horowitz Investment Areas — I’m struck by how they’re connected: there’s a cluster around cloud development, there are two maybe three on sensors … Pattern — a web mining module for the Python programming language. It has tools for …
Know any good algorithms? These former Microsoft researchers do, and Silicon Valley companies are snapping them up
Siri, Cortana, and other virtual assistants are good at doing what you tell them, but MIT's algorithms could make them clever on their own
Lasrick writes The ominous minute hand of the 'Doomsday Clock' has been fixed at 5 minutes to midnight for the past three years. But it could move tomorrow. The clock is a visual metaphor that was created nearly 70 years ago by The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, whose Board of Governors boasts 18 Nobel laureates. Each year, the Bulletin's Science and Security Board assesses threats to humanity — with special attention to nuclear warheads and climate change — to decide whether the Doomsday Clock needs an adjustment. The event will be streamed live from the Bulletin's website at 11 am EST.
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 reviews are coming in from around the internet and, as always, we've done our best to round up as many reviews as we can and post links to them here for your convenience. We'll add more reviews throughout the day as we find them. [H]ardOCP Legit Reviews Overclockers Club PC Perspective Neoseeker Tech Report Techgage techPowerUP! TechSpot Modders Inc. Phoronix
Microsoft’s decision to drop the Start Menu in Windows 8 persuaded many developers to produce their own alternatives, and there’s no shortage of free options to explore (Classic Shell is probably still the best) Finding yet another example in the new Labrys didn’t exactly fill us with excitement, then, but despite several flaws it’s different enough to be interesting. Installation was straightforward, no adware or other complications -- it appears entirely safe to try and use. There’s no need to explore a vast library of Start buttons, either, as the program doesn’t provide any: it just pops up whenever you… [Continue Reading]
Microsoft HoloLens Goggles (Wired) — a media release about the next thing from the person behind Kinect. I’m still trying to figure out (as are investors, I’m sure) where in the hype curve this Googles/AR/etc. amalgam lives. Is it only …
The Windows 10 briefing offered up a lot of interesting things, but with a running time of just under two and a half hours, you are going to need to really, really love Microsoft and Windows to sit through it all. Fortunately, you don’t need to commit yourself to the full briefing as Microsoft has rolled out a 7.25 minute video covering the highlights. The video starts with Joe Belfiore discussing how Windows 10 is evolving the way the PC works with personal computing elements like writing on web pages and speaking to Cortana. He talks about the free upgrade… [Continue Reading]
Microsoft is building support for holographic displays into Windows 10, so it only makes sense that the company would make one of those displays, wouldn't it? Meet HoloLens, an official headset with see-through lenses that merge digital content with ...
Matt Webb Joining British Govt Data Service — working on IoT for them. Reading the Mind in the Eyes or Reading between the Lines? Theory of Mind Predicts Collective Intelligence (PLoS) — theory of mind abilities are a significant determinant …
Ubuntu Linux has spread to quite a few platforms in its 10-year history, if not always successfully. Today, though, the open source software is tackling what could be its greatest challenge yet: the internet of things. Canonical has released a versio...
Reset (Rowan Simpson) — It was a bit chilling to go back over a whole years worth of tweets and discover how many of them were just junk. Visiting the water cooler is fine, but somebody who spends all day …
With all of the various web applications we use nowadays, it can be daunting to remember all of those passwords. Many people turn to password management software to help with this. Rather than remembering 20 passwords, you can store them all in a (presumably) secure database that’s protected by a single strong password. It’s a good idea in theory, but only if the software is actually secure. [Matteo] was recently poking around an Android password management software and made some disturbing discoveries.
The app claimed to be using DES encryption, but [Matteo] wanted to put this claim to the test. …read more
In October 2014, Databricks participated in the Sort Benchmark and set a new world record for sorting 100 terabytes (TB) of data, or 1 trillion 100-byte records. The team used Apache Spark on 207 EC2 virtual machines and sorted 100 TB of data in 23 minutes.
In comparison, the previous world record set by Hadoop MapReduce used 2100 machines in a private data center and took 72 minutes. This entry tied with a UCSD research team building high performance systems and we jointly set a new world record.
IoTivity is hosted by The Linux Foundation and will release a reference implementation of the IoT standards defined by the Open Internet Consortium (OIC), which has more than 50 members including Intel and Samsung.
Cryptographers devote their careers to the science of securing your communications. Twenty-four-year-old Nadim Kobeissi has devoted his to the art of making that security as easy as possible. His software creations like Cryptocat and Minilock are meant to encrypt instant messages or shared files with three-letter-agency-level protection, but with user interfaces that require Lincoln-Log-level skills. Now he's pulling elements of all his dead-simple apps into what he describes as his biggest release yet, a single platform designed to encrypt everything you and any group of collaborators do on the desktop.
The post The Free Encryption App That Wants to Replace Gmail, Dropbox, and HipChat appeared first on WIRED.
Building the Workplace We Want (Slack) — culture is the manifestation of what your company values. What you reward, who you hire, how work is done, how decisions are made — all of these things are representations of the things …
Stephen Hawking first met Gordon Moore, the cofounder of Intel, at a conference in 1997. Moore noticed that Hawking’s computer, which he used to communicate, had an AMD processor and asked him if he preferred instead a “real computer” with an Intel micro-processor. Intel has been providing Hawking with customized PCs and technical support since then, replacing his computer every two years.
So that title may seem ridiculously random, but listen to this: it's snowing in Madrid right now! How cool is that? Yeah ok, so maybe those of you who live in places where it snows every day from November till March are guffawing at me, but for me, a California boy all my life, to live in a place where it snows is awesome. Especially since the weather in Madrid is so similar to Sacramento weather (where I live) that it's almost as cool as when it snows in Sacramento (which it does maybe once every 5 years, so it's always a cause for celebration). At any rate, I have been meaning to send an email to all my friends and family back home, and this was something I had to share, so it gave me a good opportunity to write to you.
How has everyone's Lenten season started off? Any good resolutions made? Any of those same resolutions broken yet? How about Mardi Gras and Fat Tuesday - did anybody do anything exciting for those? Here's how my Lenten experience has gone so far. Last weekend, I skipped my last two classes and Thursday and jetted out (literally, I took a jet) to Bonn Germany to visit my good friend Raymond Crosby, whom some of you know well. There is a German town called Köln (or Cologne for all of us German-challenged) where they have what I hear is a Karnival celebration second only to Rio de Janeiro. Well I don’t know about that, but it was certainly a darned good time. As soon as I arrived at 11pm Thursday night, I was greeted by a wild man in a full body lion costume who gave me a vial of strange tasting liquid to drink, then suited me up in a full body rooster costume and took me out on the town. Unfortunately, we were in the wrong part of the city, and the parties were already dying down a bit. Over the rest of the weekend, I made friends with several other LMU study abroad-ers, as well as a few cute German girls (though sadly, cute German girls are somewhat few and far between), and I saw some of the German cathedrals, as well as the mighty Rhine, in between freezing off the outer epidermal layers of my buttocks and partaking in some fine bratwurst. Overall, the weekend was a blast, though my immune system sadly could not keep up with me, and I have been recovering from a cold since then.
I came back Monday and in place of my normal songbird like voice was a screechy scratchy thing and a wicked cough. Yet I managed to perform my first cantoring at the Ash Wednesday mass, and as far as I could tell, it didn’t sound too bad! Yesterday I finished my last midterm, so I’m good to go for another few months of clowning around and goofing off, and Ray will help me start that when he comes tonight to visit for the weekend. Then next weekend is when the real fun begins. Two SLU friends, Pat and Jordan, will accompany me first by bus to Barcelona, where we will fly out to London, spend a night there probably partying with Jean Luc, another LMU study abroad-er whom some of you probably know, then fly out to Dublin the next morning, stay in Ireland for a few days, fly to Scotland, stay there a few days, fly to Stockholm Sweden, there for a few days, then back to London, back to Barcelona, and back to Madrid. The entire travel expenses for the trip will be probably only around the $200 mark, which is not bad for so many different places. It's going to be a blast, and I can't wait to party hard, Irish/Scottish/Swedish style.
[For those of you I have talked to often, the following might be repetitive… if you wish, skip it, though be aware you might be missing some of the wonderful storytelling of your dearest friend and humble narrator.]
Before last weekend, days were filled with studying, homework, and other such endeavors, but I still found time to do some fun touristy things. I went with a friend to see El Escorial, which is the burial place of all the kings of Spain. It was ok, but the place was pretty dead when we were there (rim shot). The weekend before that I went with a group of friends to Barcelona, where we saw all kinds of neat things and had a great, albeit exhausting time.
That’s all I have for now, and sadly, in the time that I was writing this, it has stopped snowing. However, the sun has come out as well, so I’m not too sad. Strange weather we’re having indeed… must be that crazy El Niño everyone is talking about. In the meantime, keep sending emails my way, as we finally have internet at my apartment and I can respond to them even faster than before, not to mention I love to hear from all of you. My love to all, and I hope this finds you well!
It has been great to hear from many of you and how you are all doing without me. Luckily, it seems most have been able to get on with their lives, and I’m glad to hear it. I have been having a very fun time, most especially over these last few weekends, and now I’ve been catching up on some much needed sleep. Here’s what has been going on since last time I emailed.
The weekend before last (the penultimate weekend, I suppose), I went on my first excursion with my Spanish Culture and Civilization class, and we took a bus Friday morning for 6 hours down to Granada, where we checked into our hotel and then went immediately over to the Royal Chapel, and we got to see the mausoleum, complete with coffins and everything, of Isabel and Fernando, los Reyes Catolicos. Next day we hit la Alhambra, this small town on top a huge hill, and it had all kinds of interesting architecture, fountains, gardens, etc. After lunch, we took the bus for an hour or two to Cordoba, where I went to mass in Spanish at a ginormous church. We walked in right on time at 8pm, and we left after mass at 8:27pm. These Spaniards really know how to pray efficiently. That night I went with some new friends to the Mercado Medieval, which was basically a Renaissance Faire in Spanish. It was very cool, we drank some mead, saw a fire juggler, and witness the forging of a dagger by an actual blacksmith. Next day was filled with more historic sites, including la Mezquita de Cordoba, the famous mosque that has been converted to a church. That place was amazingly huge. I have a feeling we did not make a great impression, as our tour guide was speaking very loudly throughout the tour, despite the many "Por favor, mantenganse silencio [Please keep quiet]" signs. Oh well, we didn’t stay long. Then we came back home and I slept the rest of the night.
The following weekend (this last one) was fun-filled. Thursday, I went to the Casa de Cerveza (even you non-Spanish speakers can probably translate that) with some friends, and then made my way home around 2, which is early for Madrid. However, after getting lost several times, and being propositioned by about 10 different prostitutes, in Spanish (to the tune of "¿Quieres ***** conmigo?" "No gracias" "¿Por que no gracias?" etc), I finally took a cab home for about 3€. The next day was spent resting up for that evening, when I went with about 30 people from my Latin Rhythms dance class to a club that looked like something out of the 70s, very Scarface-esque. We danced merengue, and did the cha-cha, and tried to be stars while Tony tended bar (obscure musical reference). It was a wild and fun night, but very crowded and very hot. I finally made it home around 4am, which is still early for Spain. Saturday was spent hiking, which was fun but not as long or rigorous a hike as I had hoped, as we did not even make it to the top of the mountain. Then Sunday was spent shopping, churching, and finally, heading down to the Hard Rock Cafe at about midnight for the big game. Five friends and I, as well as about half of the Americans in Madrid were in attendance, as I celebrated my first Super Bowl Monday. It was a rousing good time, but made for a tough Monday morning, as the game did not even till 4:30am here, and of course we stayed the whole time and had to walk 45 minutes home as the subway closes at 1:30. And yet, it’s still early for Spain. I have yet to stay out until a time that is generally considered "late" here.
Overall, very good times going on so far. I have yet to see a football (read: soccer) game here, but I’ve heard they’re awesome. Travel plans are slow going, partly because I am trying to conserve funds to backpack through Europe after school is out. I finally booked the cheapest flight I found (240€) to visit Ray for Karnival in Cologne, Germany Feb 19-23. Should be a wild time, especially with the Raymonster.
In the meantime, keep sending those emails, as I love to hear from all of you, and I will send out another email soon with more pictures! Hope everyone is doing well, and you are all constantly in my thoughts are prayers.
Marvin was recently down in Waterford City to assist in distributing food generously donated by our customers to help support those less fortunate than us in the area.
This was made possible by our customers who have previously donated money to our ‘Giveaway’ fund at the end of their online ordering experience.
A proof of concept (PoC) film is similar to a short film, except that it is not written as such. Short films have a script and a complete idea within the few minutes that they are meant to run. A PoC film, on the other hand, is a part of a feature film that has been shot and edited. A PoC is something more than a movie trailer but less than a complete short film. The idea of a PoC is to give a feel of the intended feature film to potential producers and investors.
A PoC film is extremely important to find investors for your feature film, especially if you are an amateur director who people do not know yet.
Not using the PoC to showcase your talent to the fullest is a common mistake that many amateur directors make. The other extreme is when too much work is crammed into a few minutes, making the PoC look excessive and thus taking away from the beauty and talent of all the people working in front of and behind the camera.
Investing too much money in buying equipment to shoot and ignoring editing is a major faux pas. Good shooting equipment is definitely required, but you also need to plan your time and money such that adequate resources are available at the editing stage as well.
Neglecting the audio in your PoC is never a good idea. Be it background music, dialogues or other kinds of audio, it is important to ensure that the audio syncs and works well with the visuals after video editing is complete.
Getting the format of the file wrong and being unable to showcase your PoC to your investors is possibly the biggest mistake you can commit as a film maker. It is always a good idea to check the kind of equipment available at the screening beforehand to ensure you have the format of your PoC film file correct and there are no technical glitches when playing the film.
A well-made PoC film can lead to a lot of interesting opportunities for directors in feature films, short films, and as niche expertise in making good PoC films for others. You can choose what you want your PoC film to do for you and work on it accordingly.
Oh look, Clonehunter is available on illegal bit torrent! I'd advise not trying to download it though, who knows what kind of yukky virus your computer will get?
I suppose someone should send a takedown notice. How is this movie at 23.98fps? The original files were that bit rate but the only way anyone would have had access was via a DVD of the picture (which was 29.97). Did the movie get RE-converted to 23.98?
Actually, I can't even download the movie. I can't figure out where the link is. And, well, I don't really care.
That's not what's important. The important thing is that now the movie is available as video-on-demand from Amazon! Wahoo!
Although it sucks that the movie is being pirated, likely cutting in to the limited earnings, you've made it to the big leagues.
I can't imagine that many people are downloading the ripped version. I mean other than me. I downloaded it. The sound is a bit off somehow. It's like the whole movie was dubbed. I can't explain it.
"Quarterback Tim Tebow #15 of the Denver Broncos prays with teammates and players from the New England Patriots after an NFL game at Sports Authority Field at Mile High on December 18, 2011 in Denver, Colorado."
Every year, January is a time to reflect back on the year and search through thousands of images from the previous year. I always said, if you don't look at what you did before, you'll do all the same stuff over again.
While it's a good to look back on the highlights and lowlights, I make sure it's short and sweet as I jump back into assignments and eagerly look forward to the new year.
All material on patricksmithphotos.com is protected by US copyright (©2006-2018 Patrick Smith or various publications). All rights reserved.
The original style of Kellerbier from the Franconia area of Germany. A much older style compared to the relatively more recent pale Helles-Style Kellerbier that is popular in the Munich area today.
A young, unfiltered, and unpasteurized beer that is between a Helles and Märzen in color, spicier in the hops with greater attenuation. Interpretations range in color and balance, but remain in the drinkable 4.8% ABV neighborhood. Balance ranges from the dry, spicy and pale-colored interpretations by St. Georgen and Löwenbräu of Buttenheim, to darker and maltier interpretations in the Fränkische Schweiz. This style is above all a method of producing simple drinkable beers for neighbors out of local ingredients to be served fresh. Balance with a focus on drinkability and digestibility is important.
Moderate intensity of German malt, typically rich, bready, somewhat toasty, with light bread crust notes. Moderately-low to moderate spicy peppery hop aroma. Very low to low diacetyl, occasionally low to moderately-low sulfur and very low green apple or other yeast-derived notes. Caramel, biscuity, or roasted malt aroma is inappropriate.
Moderately cloudy to clear depending on age, but never extremely cloudy or murky. Gold to deep reddish-amber color. Off-white, creamy head. When served on cask, can have low carbonation and very low head.
Initial malt flavor may suggest sweetness, but finish is moderately dry to dry, and slightly bitter. Distinctive and complex maltiness often includes a bready-toasty aspect. Hop bitterness is moderate to moderately high, and spicy or herbal hop flavor is low to moderately high. Balance can be either on the malt or hop side, but the finish is not sweet. Noticeable caramel or roasted malt flavors are inappropriate. Very low to low diacetyl. Possible very low green apple or other yeast-derived notes. Smooth, malty aftertaste.
The best examples of Amber Kellerbier are served only on tap at many of the small Franconia area breweries (as this is a beer best served fresh and the serving style being an important part of the style). Bottled versions are not likely to have the freshness, hop character and young beer notes exhibited by the draft versions.
This was the classic, historical style before it was adapted in other areas. This original, older style of Kellerbier would have simply been beer served from local taverns that did not lager long enough to drop bright. Many breweries in Franconia would use some of this young beer during the summer months, for festivals such as the Annafest (est. 1840) in July in Forchheim, where it was traditional to drink directly from the lagering vessels.
Grist varies, although traditional German versions emphasized Franconian pale and color malt. The notion of elegance is derived from the high-quality local ingredients, particularly the malts. Spalt or other typically spicy local hops are most common. Frugal Franconian brewers rarely used decoction brewing due to the cost of energy.
A very common seasonal summer beer brewed by many of the Munich area breweries and served in the beer gardens, where they are very popular.
A young, fresh Helles, so while still a malty, fully-attenuated Pils malt showcase, the hop character (aroma, flavor and bitterness) is more pronounced, and the
beer is cloudy, often with some level of diacetyl, and possibly has some green apple and/or other yeast-derived notes. As with the traditional Helles, the Keller version is still a beer intended to be drunk by the liter, so overall it should remain a light, refreshing, easy drinking golden lager.
Moderately-low to moderately-high spicy, floral, or herbal hop aroma. Very low to moderate diacetyl, possible very low green apple or other yeast derived notes. Pleasantly grainy-sweet, clean malt aroma, with possible low background note of DMS.
Slight haze to moderately cloudy, but never extremely cloudy or murky. Medium yellow to pale gold color. Creamy white head with good persistence. When served on cask, can have low carbonation and very low head.
Moderately malty with a rounded, grainy-sweet profile. Low to moderately-high spicy, floral, or herbal hop flavor, with a moderate hop bitterness that can linger. Finish is crisp and dry, but the aftertaste remains malty. Very low to moderate diacetyl, which should always remain at a pleasant, drinkable level that balances somewhat with the other characteristics of the beer; overwhelming diacetyl is not appropriate. Possible very low green apple or other yeast derived notes, and possible low background note of DMS.
Medium body. Low to medium carbonation. Depending on the level of yeast in suspension, it may assist in creating a slightly creamy texture. A slight slickness on the tongue may be present from the diacetyl.
Most Pale Kellerbiers are young, unfiltered, unpasteurized versions of Munich Helles beer, although Pils or a different, custom golden lager beer designed specifically for serving young could also be used. The best examples are served only on tap at many of the Munich area breweries. Bottled versions are not likely to have the freshness, hop character and young beer notes exhibited by the draft versions.
Most commonly, a young, unfiltered and unpasteurized version of a Munich Helles, though it can be a young, unfiltered and unpasteurized version of other golden German lagers, such as a Pilsner or a seasonal golden lager made specifically for serving young.
A darker-colored, light-flavored, malt-accented beer with a dry finish and interesting character malt flavors. Refreshing due to its high carbonation and mild flavors, and highly sessionable due to being served very fresh and with restrained alcohol levels.
Amber-orange to light brown in color. Typically clear, but may have some light haze due to limited conditioning. Foam stand may not be long lasting, and is usually white to beige in color.
Moderate grainy-sweet maltiness with low to medium-low caramel, toffee, bready, and/or biscuity notes. Generally light palate flavors typical of adjunct beers; a low grainy, corn-like sweetness is common. Medium to low floral or spicy hop flavor. Medium to low hop bitterness, which should neither be coarse nor have a harsh aftertaste. May exhibit light fruitiness. Balance in the finish is towards the malt. May have a lightly flinty or minerally-sulfate flavor in the finish. The finish is fairly dry, including the contributions of roasted grains and minerals. No sourness.
Medium to medium-light body with a relatively soft mouthfeel. Highly carbonated. Can have a creamy texture.
Modern characterizations of the style often mention a lactic sourness or sour mashing, but extensive brewing records from the larger breweries at the turn of the century have no indication of long acid rests, sour mashing, or extensive conditioning. This is likely a modern homebrewer invention, based on the supposition that since indigenous Bourbon distillers used a sour mash, beer brewers must also have used this process. No contemporaneous records indicate sour mashing or that the beer had a sour profile; rather the opposite, that the beer was brewed as an inexpensive, present-use ale. Enter soured versions in American Wild Ale.
A true American original style, Kentucky Common was almost exclusively produced and sold around the Louisville Kentucky metropolitan area from some time after the Civil War up to Prohibition. Its hallmark was that it was inexpensive and quickly produced, typically 6 to 8 days from mash to delivery. The beer was racked into barrels while actively fermenting (1.020 – 1.022) and tightly bunged to allow carbonation in the saloon cellar. There is some speculation that it was a variant of the lighter common or cream ale produced throughout much of the East prior to the Civil War and that the darker grains were added by the mostly Germanic brewers to help acidify the typical carbonate water of the Louisville area, or that they had a preference for darker colored beers. Up until the late 19th century, Kentucky Common was not brewed in the summer months unless cellars, usually used for malting, were used for fermentation. With the advent of ice machines, the larger breweries were able to brew year round. In the period from 1900 to prohibition, about 75% of the beer sold in the Louisville area was Kentucky Common. With prohibition, the style died completely as the few larger breweries that survived were almost exclusively lager producers.
Six-row barley malt was used with 35% corn grits to dilute the excessive protein levels along with 1 to 2% each caramel and black malt. Native American hops, usually about .2 pounds per barrel of Western hops for bittering and a similar amount of New York hops (such as Clusters) for flavor (15 minutes prior to knock out). Imported continental Saazer-type hops (.1 pounds per barrel) were added at knock out for aroma. Water in the Louisville area was typically moderate to high in carbonates. Mash water was often pre-boiled to precipitate the carbonate and Gypsum was commonly added. Considering the time from mash in to kegging for delivery was typically 6 to 8 days, clearly aggressive top-fermenting yeasts was used.
Like a darker-colored cream ale emphasizing corn, but with some light character malt flavor. Malt flavors and balance are probably closest to modern adjunct-driven international amber or dark lagers, Irish red ales, or Belgian pale ales.
A moderate-strength golden ale that has a subtle fruity-spicy Belgian yeast complexity, slightly malty-sweet flavor, and dry finish.
Light earthy or spicy hop nose, along with a lightly grainy-sweet malt character. Shows a subtle yeast character that may include spicy phenolics, perfumy or honey-like alcohol, or yeasty, fruity esters (commonly orange-like or lemony). Light sweetness that may have a slightly sugar-like character. Subtle yet complex.
Light to deep gold color. Generally very clear. Large, dense, and creamy white to off-white head. Good head retention with Belgian lace.
Smooth, light to moderate grainy-sweet malt flavor initially, but finishes medium-dry to dry with some smooth alcohol becoming evident in the aftertaste. Medium hop and alcohol bitterness to balance. Light hop flavor, can be spicy or earthy. Very soft yeast character (esters and alcohols, which are sometimes perfumy or orange/lemon-like). Light spicy phenolics optional. Some lightly caramelized sugar or honey-like sweetness on palate.
Medium-high to high carbonation, can give mouth-filling bubbly sensation. Medium body. Light to moderate alcohol warmth, but smooth. Can be somewhat creamy.
Often has an almost lager-like character, which gives it a cleaner profile in comparison to many other Belgian styles. Belgians use the term Blond, while the French spell it Blonde. Most commercial examples are in the 6.5 – 7% ABV range. Many Trappist or artisanal Belgian beers are called Blond but those are not representative of this style.
Relatively recent development to further appeal to European Pils drinkers, becoming more popular as it is heavily marketed and widely distributed.
Belgian Pils malt, aromatic malts, sugar, Belgian yeast strains that produce complex alcohol, phenolics and perfumy esters, Saazer-type, Styrian Goldings, or East Kent Goldings hops. Spices are not traditionally used, although the ingredients and fermentation by-products may give an impression of spicing (often reminiscent of oranges or lemons). If spices are present, should be a background character only.
Similar strength as a Dubbel, similar character as a Belgian Strong Golden Ale or Tripel, although a bit sweeter and not as bitter.
A moderately malty, somewhat fruity, easy-drinking, copper-colored Belgian ale that is somewhat less aggressive in flavor profile than many other Belgian beers. The malt character tends to be a bit biscuity with light toasty, honey-like, or caramelly components; the fruit character is noticeable and complementary to the malt. The bitterness level is generally moderate, but may not seem as high due to the flavorful malt profile.
Moderate malt aroma, which can be a combination of toasty, biscuity, or nutty, possibly with a touch of light caramel or honey. Moderate to moderately high fruitiness with an orange- or pear-like character. Low to moderate strength hop character (spicy, herbal, or floral) optionally blended with background level peppery, spicy phenols. The hop character is lower in balance than the malt and fruitiness.
Amber to copper in color. Clarity is very good. Creamy, rocky, white head often fades more quickly than other Belgian beers.
Has an initial soft, smooth, moderately malty flavor with a variable profile of toasty, biscuity, nutty, light caramel and/or honey notes. Moderate to moderately high fruitiness, sometimes orange- or pear-like. Relatively light (medium-low to low) spicy, herbal, or floral hop character. The hop bitterness is medium-high to medium-low, and is optionally enhanced by low to very low amounts of peppery phenols. There is a dry to balanced finish, with hops becoming more pronounced in the aftertaste of those with a drier finish. Fairly well balanced overall, with no single component being high in intensity; malt and fruitiness are more forward initially with a supportive bitterness and drying character coming on late.
Medium to medium-light body. Smooth palate. Alcohol level is restrained, and any warming character should be low if present. Medium to medium-high carbonation.
Most commonly found in the Flemish provinces of Antwerp and Brabant. Considered “everyday” beers (Category I). Compared to their higher alcohol Category S cousins, they are Belgian “session beers” for ease of drinking. Nothing should be too pronounced or dominant; balance is the key. Yeast character generally more subtle than many Belgian beers, with some of the fruitiness being hop-driven.
Produced by breweries with roots as far back as the mid-1700s, the most well-known examples were perfected after the Second World War with some influence from Britain, including hops and yeast strains.
Pilsner or pale ale malt contributes the bulk of the grist with (cara) Vienna and Munich malts adding color, body and complexity. Sugar is not commonly used as high gravity is not desired. Saazer-type hops, Styrian Goldings, East Kent Goldings or Fuggles are commonly used. Yeasts prone to moderate production of phenols are often used but fermentation temperatures should be kept moderate to limit this character.
Fairly similar to pale ales from England (Strong Bitter category), typically with a slightly different yeast character and a more varied malt profile. Less yeast character than many other Belgian beers, though.
"Scuttle" is the twenty-fourth episode of The Little Mermaid TV series, originally aired on September 17, 1994.
Ariel meets Scuttle for the first time and must use his help to rescue Sebastian from a gang of pirates.
In this episode, a ship of pirates are prowling the waters. After they attack and ravage a traveling ship, a gold cup accidentally falls into the sea. This glinting cup is spotted by Ariel, who is swimming underneath with Sebastian and Flounder, and by Scuttle, who is flying overhead. The two of them go for the cup at the exact same time, resulting in a tug of war. Scuttle wins, but Ariel doesn't give up easily and chases him so to regain her treasure. This results in Ariel, Flounder and Sebastian visiting Scuttle's little island.
As Ariel is getting to know Scuttle and listening to his blabbering about how much he knows about humans, an eagle drops out of nowhere, grabs Sebastian, and flies off. Scuttle, eager to make friends, tries to rescue Sebastian but is too clumsy. Sebastian manages to pinch his captor's leg, but he ends up falling on the pirate ship, where he is trapped. Scuttle insists that he can be counted on and so Ariel decides to give him a chance, since flying would be an advantage in rescuing Sebastian.
Sebastian gets into quite a few tight scrapes in the pirate's ship, but manages to escape at the last minute thanks to Scuttle, who comes through when it really counts. Ariel chips in, following Scuttle's instructions, and together they make a pretty good team.
Just then, a second ship appears. It's the Royal Galleon, and the pirate ship is heading straight for it, intent on capturing the prince on board whom they intend to take hostage. With a new flying ally in her posse, Ariel sets into motion stopping the pirates. During the hullabaloo, she is accidentally seen by a dark-haired human prince who will have a prominent role in her future.
Scuttle's island looks somewhat similar to how it is in the movie, except that in the film it's practically in the middle of nowhere, while in this episode it's a stone's throw away from what looks like a swamp. Also, though it's a little surprising that Sebastian would get to know Scuttle so early on, in the film they do seem to know each other already, though they're not so much on good terms.
Nairobi Garage has expanded by opening a new branch in Westlands, which it claims makes it the largest co-working company in Africa with 100 member startups and over 500 desks.
The new Nairobi Garage space in Westlands will open its doors on December 1, with the company saying the expansion was a response to the growing demand for quality working space and entrepreneurial community in Nairobi.
Its second space – the original is on Ngong Road – will see Nairobi Garage bring on board a greater variety of companies in terms of stages and sectors, as well as international tech companies. The likes of Uber and Terragon Group are among the companies that have already pre-reserved 40 per cent of the new space.
“With our expansion, Nairobi Garage will be able to offer affordable shared space to many more of Kenya’s top local startups. We also aim to make it easier for incoming entrepreneurs and investors from overseas who want to get a foothold in Africa. What you get with the Garage is a ready-made and very active community of innovators, looking to learn with and help one another,” said Hannah Clifford, general manager of Nairobi Garage.
The new Garage – at the Mirage, a brand new commercial building on Waiyaki Way – will offer an additional 400 desks, plus a number of team rooms, meeting rooms and event space. The Westlands branch is expected to host around 70 companies, with the office space 25,000 square foot in total, with an additional entertainment rooftop area.
It will offer its members all-inclusive 24/7 office facilities, access to an in-house café, events and workshop series tailored for entrepreneurs and techies, meeting rooms and a presentation and event area.
Passionate about the vibrant tech startups scene in Africa, Tom can usually be found sniffing out the continent's most exciting new companies and entrepreneurs, funding rounds and any other developments within the growing ecosystem.
From the beginning I knew this remodeling project would be different than others. My wife and I have remodeled our home and our commercial building. In those instances we felt that we were chasing our contractors for details, solid goals, and completion of the project. With Distinctive Design and Build we were put at ease immediately. They focused on what we wanted out of our remodeling project to suit our family, our goals, and our lifestyle. We were given clear advice and parameters about the work before we ever began. When we needed answers or advice, they gave them in a timely manner. Often, they had solutions to our problems before we had time to worry. The design aspect was tailored to our wishes, not a cookie cutter design used over and over again in prior projects. The craftsmanship of the build was breathtaking. To sum it up, they treated our home like it was theirs! I highly recommend them for any project from beginning to end.
We live in an older house (circa 1930) and this renovation was pretty complicated (structural changes, complete rewire of the house, etc.). Even the demolition was difficult. Distinctive Design / Build / Remodel, LLC did a great job throughout the 7 month project. They never said "no" to anything, and were never rattled by any of the quirky things you find when renovating an older home. They just figured it out and kept going. Their subs were fantastic.
We have been very pleased with the addition/ kitchen remodel Distinctive Design / Build / Remodel completed for us. We outgrew our previous kitchen space and I had been frustrated with many aspects of the kitchen design. Vince and Erin listened to the challenges we had in our old space and came up with a design that has worked out as we had hoped... I love my kitchen again and we really enjoy our additional sunroom and mudroom. The flow and ample storage areas work out well for our large family. All of the team, including subcontractors, were polite and safety conscious which was important with 4 children from 4 to 12 around the home. We were kept up to date regarding progress and all concerns were addressed in a timely manner. The remodel took a little bit longer than expected, and we were a little naive about the energy it took to move items within our house and live with upheaval for a time, however the results were well worth it!!!
From the initial contact, we have thoroughly enjoyed the entire process of this remodel. Vince Busby and his crew were EXCELLENT in their follow-up and meeting with us to design our new kitchen. He worked with us to keep some of the existing cabinetry and listened to our ideas on what we desired for a unique and one-of-a-kind granite table and island area. He more than exceeded our expectations in making that happen. His work was done on time and exactly by the deadline we agreed on. The quality of work was EXCELLENT... They were a delight to have in the house and kept the construction area clean and orderly. They were prompt each morning and communicated their schedule to us each day, so we didn't have to guess when they'd be there. We would highly recommend Distinctive Design / Build / Remodel. We will definitely be using them again.
Distinctive Design / Build / Remodel is a company you can trust to build it right. As a Licensed Structural Engineer, and co-owner of Intelligent Design Engineering in Charlotte, I have worked with Vince, the General Contractor at Distinctive Design / Build / Remodel, for years and he is at the top of my list when I recommend a contractor. The things that set Vince apart are his ability to perform a wide range of jobs and he is personally on site overseeing the work. If you’re looking for an experienced builder who doesn’t cut corners and who takes customer service seriously, Distinctive Design / Build / Remodel is the company you should call.
Vince and his team are true professionals. They make a habit of being punctual and rehearsed. The site was always cleaned at the end of the day. We thoroughly enjoy our kitchen and are very pleased that Vince took control of our complex project. It is not everyday that you redo a kitchen, so getting it done right once was a priority. There are always unexpected issues and Vince handled them with ingenuity and honor.
You always hear horror stories about people who have had issues with work being done on their home. From estimates for work that sometimes go over the amount first agreed to, or issues with shoddy work, or contractors that take weeks to get the job completed. None of these problems was an issue for us with Distinctive Design / Build / Remodel. We contracted with them for an addition on our home.
Erin Dougherty was very professional and offered advice and insight on our project. The contract was well written and specifically stated the work that was to be done. This kept the budget intact. Vince Busby was very much into making sure our project was done right with no issues and on a timeline set forth in the contract. He also explained every detail on the project - whether or not we asked about it. Their team of contractors was devoted on getting the job done and cleaned up after their work was done each day. Would I contract with them again to do work on my home? In a heart beat!
We wanted to convert a 2 story family room to a single level family room with a 2nd floor playroom. Every other contractor had told us that we would need columns to support the second floor. Vince assured us that this was not needed and I was able to see his work on a friend's house where he had done the similar job. They put in a new 2nd floor for the playroom, converted 2 side windows to working windows, and added an "L shaped" closet with double pocket doors in the playroom, as well as recessed lighting and 2 vents for the new room. The end result was just what we were looking for. I was very pleased with Vince's work and would recommend him to others.
We used their services for remodeling of the master bathroom. Overall the services were very professional and courteous. Overall it was a great experience. I would us them again. We never had to call them back for any improvement.
Our back deck was old, in full afternoon sun, and mosquitoes made it nearly impossible to enjoy. I wanted shade, comfort, and protection from the mosquitoes. Working with Distinctive Design & Build was a pleasure from the very start. They actually followed up (many other contracting companies came, and we never heard from them again) and moved the process along as quickly as possible. Their design team is top notch, and brings beautiful ideas to the table. All of the various professions we worked with (builders, electricians, masons, gutter installation) were friendly and professional. I highly recommend this company. They are top notch.
Your work gives a lot of useful knowledge for people. Your book “Working with the subconscious” shocked me!
This post is called What Is The Best Solution To Clean Tile Floors. You can download all the image about home and design for free. Below are the image gallery of What Is The Best Solution To Clean Tile Floors, if you like the image or like this post please contribute with us to share this post to your social media or save this post in your device.
How To Clean Tile Flooring Best Tips For Ceramic Stone More - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Cleaning Product For Tile Floors With Mop Electric Tool - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Attractive Tile Floor Cleaners Floor Best Way To Clean Tile Floor - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
What Is The Best Way To Clean A Ceramic Tile Floor Quora - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Cleaning Tip How To Clean Tile Floors And White Grout LinesFast - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
The Best Ways To Clean Tile Floors Cleaning Pinterest Clean - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
How To Clean Bathroom Grout Steps With Pictures WikiHow - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
How To Clean Kitchen Grout Tile Floor How To Clean Tile Floors With - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
How To Clean Tile Floor Grout Like The Home Flooring Pros - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Way To Clean Tile Floor Best Ceramic Tile Floor Cleaner Modern - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Solution For Cleaning Tile Floors Wallpapers Home - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Mop To Clean Tile Floors Awesome What Is The Best Way To Clean - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
The Advantages Of Professional Tile And Grout Cleaning Best Cleaner - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Cleaning Ways For Your Kitchen Tiles Long Island Tile Floor Company - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Tile And Grout Cleaning American SteamAWay Of Southeast Texas - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
How To Shine Tile Floors What Is The Best Way To Clean A New - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Way To Clean Tile Floors Which Will Amaze You In - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Steam Mop For Tile Floors And Grout Fresh Steam Cleaner For - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Cleaning Tip How To Clean Tile Grout Easy Best Way No Harsh - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
The Ultimate Guide To Cleaning Grout DIY Tile Grout Cleaners - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Tile Floor Cleaning Solution Tile Floor Cleaning Solution Luxury How - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Way To Clean Ceramic Tile And Grout The Effect Of Tile - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
The Best Way To Clean Tile Floors Unique How To Clean Grout With - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Way To Clean Ceramic Tile Kitchen Floor How To Grout A - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
How To Clean Floor Tile Grout New Best Homemade Solution For - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Steam Mop For Tile Floors And Grout Awesome Steam Cleaner For - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Tile Cleaning Elk Grove CA Best Affordable Tile Grout - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Cleaner For Ceramic Tile Floors Best Way To Clean Tile - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Way To Remove Black Mold From Tile And Grout Curious Nut - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Best Solution For Cleaning Ceramic Tile Floors Floor Tile - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Gorgeous Best Way To Clean Floor Tile Flooring Designs And Tile - What is the best solution to clean tile floors
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the website that is not diyapril.com property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does diyapril.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
62 read, announcing a splendid victory by General Butler. After resting until 9.15 A.M. the bugle sounded and the march was continued until about four oclock, when we deployed in line of battle and manuvered around until near dark. Friday, June 17th 1864 Near Petersburg, Va. Late this afternoon our regiment became engaged - the fight being in an open field without any shelter, except that afforded by several ravines and a railroad cut the rebels were driven across the cut but we failed to in crossing. Our loss during the engagement was Killed Chas Beash Company A. Peter Fox " " Jacob Gertler " C
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4516: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3262)
I get asked this all the time. When I decided to do this why I series I knew I wanted to do a post on why I twitter. The brilliant thing is in the past two days 2 people much smart than I have written about this very thing.
3. Helps me be a better writer. I have always been a fan of short – twitter is HNL (wHole Natha Level)
You see, Twitter is one practical illustration of how we’ve moved past the industrial age through the information age to the interconnected age. But, naysayers are still calling it silly and dumb. Hello. Anything can be silly and dumb–depending on how it’s used.
Jennifer Blanchard wrote a great post on how twitter helps you be a better writter. Here is what she had to say on Copyblogger.com.
If you’ve ever used Twitter, you know that you have 140 characters to say whatever you want to say. Now keep in mind, I didn’t say 140 words—or even 140 letters—I said 140 characters.
That’s not a lot of room. Letters, numbers, symbols, punctuation and spaces all count as characters on Twitter.
What all of this means is, you have to be concise. You have to know exactly what you want to say, and say it in as few words as possible.
Many writers, however, are “wordy” and often have long, drawn out descriptions and sentences, so it can be pretty difficult to create a message that’s only 140 characters.
I think most people think funny is something that just happens or is learned by reading some book. My personal opinion is that funny is not easy funny is rare. Funny is a science.
If funny was something that many people possess or understood why would every single person who is looking for a potential mate say that one of must haves is a sense of humor. My theory for the lack of humor in peoples lives lies not in what you say but in what you do not say.
To many people say the first thing that comes to their mind. Bad idea. My good friend Chico describes the art of funny as “The Force” in Star Wars. You have to hone your craft and train your mind.
2. Filter out the stupid thoughts and pick out the gems. (Not easy and the reason most people aren’t funny they surround their gems with forgettable statements that only they find funny)
Some of the funniest people i have met or hope to met someday Mark Schilling our churches Youth Pastor, the aforementioned Chico, the stuff christians like blog guy (the guy is a genius, to reverently mock christian subculture, gotta love it.), and Funny Man Dan whose recent addition to Dave’s blog roll made me think about this post. FMD is a brilliant writer and his blog almost always makes me laugh out loud.
Comedy is not easy, but I guess if it was than everyone would be funny and if everyone was funny I think no one would be funny.
Finally home. Tons of first time guests. Still having lopsided attenance 9am empty vs 11am packed. Need to work on a solution to that#kidmin #
RT @mattmckee: In the middle of #kidmin service. Tweeting on stage talking about distractions and how we should listen to God./// LOL nice! #
#kidmin not good. Had a level 3 predator last Sunday. Thank God for good security! He didn’t even get close,HUGE fan of security! #
Darn weconnect isn’t adding me. I am going to try one more time at the risk of spamming our #kidmin hashtag. #
Dear #24 just in case you haven’t heard you jumped the shark 2 days ago. (Crappy acting + Crappy writing = Crappy show) #
Carl has a chance all #24 characters with a name have a 80% survival rate no names 5% survival rate. #
Lord help me today and everyday to focus on you to trust you and to be motivated not by success or failure but by what moves your heart. #
I am just saying the puppets w/ a blue sash as jesus days are over. But funky out of the box puppet stuff are far from over. #kidmin #
Diff. between a big church and a Mega church is a mega church can receive from more than one person. Great Thought @jimwideman! #
RT @paulbenger The purpose of our salvation is to position & equip us to partner with God in His redemptive mission for the planet. #
This is an online devotional that is two of my favorite things: Simple and Practical. I am using it myself as well as a tool for a Jr. Councilor Discipleship group I am doing. I have been using it for about a week and I love it. I found it on Dave’s blog. (BTW Dave In the name of all that is Holy add FMD to your blogroll already. LOL) Check out examen.me for yourself.
Grouptweet is what we are going to be using to communicate with each-other. I chose grouptweet over facebook because the better sms and some kids are not allowed on facebook. I think the combination of protected updates and grouptweet are the best solution for any small group.
Here is the Logo I created for our kidscamp this year. I am a huge fan of a couple more things. Simple easy design that isn’t clipart. I have a growing list of ministry things that drive me nuts. As you all know I hate flannelgraph Jesus I also hate crappy design. In todays day and age I don’t think there is any excuse for it. I am not a graphic designer I know the basics of Photoshop and Illustrator. I am a self proclaimed Adobe hack. If I can do it you can to. Take the time to make all the print stuff you do for your ministry amazing. I try and use vector files as much as possible thanks to my good friend Gareth have come to love Vector files, but thats me use whatever woorks for you. I buy vector files off of iStockphoto but only after I check out these free sites.
Sign up to receive my blog posts via e-mail and get a FREE copy of my NEW Online Safety e-resource. More info
My name is Sam Luce and I have been the children’s pastor at Redeemer Church in Utica NY for the past 18 years. Currently I am serving as the Pastor of families for all our campuses. This is my personal blog it is focused on leadership, children's ministry and creativity.
Hi my name is Sam Luce and although, I am the Pastor of Families at Redeemer Church everything in this blog is my opinion. And is not necessarily the view of Redeemer Church.
I am a fulltime pastor part time speaker who enjoys speaking and consulting on Leadership, Family ministry, and Children's Ministry
Looking for cleaning and organization hacks? Organize and keep the house clean seems to be an endless task, but get little habits […]
It is all about DIY and custom made stuff and these are selling at good cost to earn a handsome money. You […]
Need to make your home look more extravagant and to give a new look to your home.These awesome thoughts will help you […]
house plants that live in water the easiest and most foolproof way to grow indoor plants in glass bottles and water how long can house plants live without water how long can houseplants go without wat.
house plants that live in water having safe and common plants in our house and or office can be highly beneficial to us in various ways plants are living organisms just like people how long can indoor.
house plants that live in water unique house plants that grow in water simple ways to water plants while you re away how long can houseplants go without water how long can house plants live without wa.
house plants that live in water indoor flowers and plants come in a range of options for the spectrum of green lovers house plants live in water how long can indoor plants go without water.
house plants that live in water indoor water gardens so cool indoor water gardens you use how long can houseplants go without water how long can house plants live without water.
house plants that live in water large leafed plant growing in a clear vase with a couple large bright red and orange house plants live in water how long can house plants live without water.
house plants that live in water umbrella papyrus in a low tech natural aquarium how long can indoor plants go without water house plants live in water.
house plants that live in water how long can house plants live without water how long can houseplants go without water.
house plants that live in water watering can house plants how long can indoor plants go without water house plants live in water.
house plants that live in water best herbs you can grow in water how long can indoor plants go without water how long can houseplants go without water.
house plants that live in water water money plant indoor plants home plants water plants how long can house plants live without water house plants live in water.
house plants that live in water the wonder gel that is used as a soil substitute helps grow ornamental indoor plants in how long can indoor plants go without water house plants live in water.
house plants that live in water how to water indoor plants how long can house plants live without water house plants live in water.
house plants that live in water main article image how long can house plants live without water house plants live in water.
house plants that live in water houseplants add color texture and life to your home house plants live in water how long can indoor plants go without water.
house plants that live in water image titled protect plants from the cold step 5 how long can houseplants go without water how long can indoor plants go without water.
house plants that live in water whats the best way to make your houseplants grow strong and vibrant watering them but often times its easy to overlook what kind of water how long can indoor plants go.
house plants that live in water houseplants in bottles how to grow plants in water how long can indoor plants go without water how long can house plants live without water.
house plants that live in water do you have any advice on keeping houseplants alive share share share how long can house plants live without water house plants live in water.
house plants that live in water house plants live in water how long can indoor plants go without water.
house plants that live in water the plant is so easy to grow that you might think its a fake plant forgot to water it its fine low light no problem always shinny and green how long can indoor plants g.
Kapp Singer is both lucky and talented. Having learned to telemark ski at a very young age from SCARPA athlete, Danny Walton, he took a liking to the sport and happens to be extremely good at it too. Last month, at 12 years old, he had the privilege to travel to Greenland on a ski trip. Needless to say, it was a “mindblowing” experience and Kapp was excited to share some of the trip highlights with us. Continue reading...
Chroma launches a comprehensive site dedicated to electrical safety testing and the equipment necessary for safety compliance.
Mike is a finance industry executive with expertise in test, IT and avionics equipment acquisition, resale, residual valuation, leasing, renting and consignment.
Hello, I am lucent elf, my scientific name is LED flashlight, anyone who pursues pro-environment will love me for my excellent characteristics.
I was made of aluminium alloy , mini aspect, lightness and soft .Common liquid can not break down me , you can lay me up anywhere, you take me conveniently. So I am lucent elf not the traditional flashlight.
Being based on LED principle , I am bright light , use less energy and have long lifetime. LED is the short name of Light Emitting Diode. It was born in 1960’s. Saving electricity , long lifetime , quake-resistance are its inborn characteristics. Therefore, it has been widely used in semaphore, Liquid Crystal Display, landscape light and its technology is getting more and more mature.
I am suitable for outdoor activities, camping, hiking, family emergency, etc.. When power failure, spare energy for cars, protect yourselves in danger.
I am the most popular torch in the center, I am the lucent elf. Do you want to own me ? Just pay $13.45,(free shipping) you can get me , do it now!
Netscape, which started life as a web browser company and then evolved into a media destination site, is being reinvented once again to merge news reporting and blogs with the latest internet trends.
On Thursday, the revised Netscape.com will begin a public test of what its new general manager, dot-com news entrepreneur Jason Calacanis, said might reinvent the modern news service.
The new Netscape.com marks the rebirth of a first-generation internet brand. Netscape the brand, like AOL, was synonymous with web browsing a decade ago. It was bought in 1999 by AOL and after its browser software was crushed by competition from Microsoft, the brand was reborn first as an internet portal and again as a discount internet access provider.
Lionel is pleased to announce the release of Lionel LEGACY Control System upgrade version 1.2. This upgrade will enable users to access a whole new menu of LEGACY features (see below) and will enhance your enjoyment of this revolutionary operating system.
However, in order to access these particular features, you must return your LEGACY Bases and Remote to Lionel – the Memory Modules alone will not upgrade your current system. We apologize for the inconvenience this may cause our valued customers and we assure you that when we release future upgrades, returning the system will not be necessary. These upgrades will be accessible by inserting Memory Modules.
To facilitate the upgrading process, we are asking that LEGACY users and Lionel dealers with LEGACY sets on their shelves to do the following:
· Register for a Return Authorization Number by logging on to our dedicated on-line LEGACY Upgrade RA number page at http://www.lionel.com/legacyupgrade (This page will automatically generate a unique RA number for you to return your base for upgrade.)
o We have included a Frequently Asked Question link to this page that outlines answers to most of your questions; please refer to that page before contacting Lionel Customer Service with questions.
o Once you have submitted the required information, a Return Authorization number will be displayed and emailed to you. After that, all correspondence related to your upgrade will be sent via email updating the status and tracking number upon completion. (We have implemented this process to reduce the call volume, so we can complete your upgrades in a timely manner while providing real time tracking of each set sent for upgrade.)
o If you cannot access the Internet, please call Lionel Customer Service at 586-949-4100 extension 9105 Monday through Friday 10am to 5pm EDT to request an RA number for your LEGACY set.
· Once you have received your Return Authorization number, we ask that you write that RA number on the outside of the package and ship your LEGACY Base and Remote to:
· The LEGACY upgrades will not be executed in our Michigan facility. If your set is shipped to Michigan, it will not be accepted and your package will be returned. All LEGACY bases and remotes MUST be shipped to our Ohio facility to have the upgrade performed.
· PLEASE NOTE: If your LEGACY Base has a silver dot on the bottom in the FCC compliance block, and your CAB-2 remote has a silver dot inside the battery compartment, you do NOT need to send your base in for upgrade. However, you will need the version 1.2 memory modules and the new version 1.2 manual. Contact Lionel Customer Service at 586-949-4100 ext 9105 and request part number 610-4295-900 be mailed to you directly free of charge – but ONLY if your base and remote have the silver dot indicator.
This upgrade does not require you to send your 6-24294 LEGACY remote/charger Expansion sets to us. These can be upgraded using the memory modules that we are returning with the LEGACY Base and Remote.
We apologize for this inconvenience and want to reassure our valued customers that this is only a one-time process. Future software upgrades will be handled using memory modules only, mailed directly to the address you supply to us.
Again, we want to encourage all end users (customers who have purchased the LEGACY Control System for personal or commercial use) to register their LEGACY set by visiting http://www.lionel.com/RegisterLegacy. This is the only method we have in place to track LEGACY users for future upgrades.
If you are unable to access the Internet, please call Lionel Customer Service at 586-949-4100 ext 9105 Monday through Friday 10am to 5pm EDT for assistance in registering on-line.
· Alphabetical engine look-up tableWhen scrolling for engines, the list of locomotives falls into alphabetical order, as well as numerical order. (Does not scroll by engine I.D.)
· Improved scrolling speedsThere are two speed settings when scrolling through the list of engines in the data bank. Now, a user can scroll through slowly or fast when looking for a locomotive in a larger bank of stored engines.
The central train control menu now has a backlight “always on” option. This allows the operator to have the backlight always on while the user is running their locomotives.
The central train control menu now has a menu that allows the operator to select the amount of time the cab will stay active, from one hour up to four hours. This allows the operator to come back at a later time and just tap any button to start running without waiting for the system to boot up.
· New feature allowing scroll button to work at welcome screenWhen the user first turns on the Cab-2, the scroll button allows the operator the ability to scroll through the menu right on power up.
· Improved train clear optionNow when you clear the train, all engines are removed from the train builder address. If you build a new train and transfer the locomotives in the new train address, the old address will auto clear.
· Corrected multiple engine speed graph undesired change issueOperating multiple engines, the engine will hold the correct speed graph setting when toggling back and forth from one engine to another.
· Improved route builder screen interfaceWhen building a route, the interface screen now requires a route number so that the operator does not build a route without a route number.
· Improved left/right hand switch builder function in the route builder screensNow the left hand icon and right hand icon both throw their assigned switches.
PLEASE NOTE: Once your base and remote have been upgraded, Lionel will individually test each base/remote set and return them along with a newly printed version 1.2 LEGACY instruction manual and two new version 1.2 memory modules.
David Abel talks with Dr. Timothy Shanahan about the state of literacy in US schools and what the research is telling us to do differently.
What “tastes” good in literacy instruction even though we know (through research) it doesn’t get good results
The story behind the idea of teaching a student at their “instructional level” and why it doesn’t work as well as other methods
Dr. Timothy Shanahan is Distinguished Professor Emeritus at the University of Illinois at Chicago, and former director of reading for the Chicago Public Schools. He is author/editor of more than 200 publications, and served on the author team of the Common Core State Standards. Professor Shanahan is past president of the International Literacy Association. He was inducted to the Reading Hall of Fame in 2007, and is a former first-grade teacher. For more information, visit his blog: www.shanahanonliteracy.com
“In Chicago, we lose something like 5-7% of the ballots every election due to people just making reading mistakes. You know, it says mark two candidates and they mark three – just doing things that don’t follow the rules because they can’t understand what is put before them. They’re losing their franchise.”
If you enjoyed this episode of the UnboundEd Podcast and want to hear more, please follow us on Soundcloud. And let us know what you think by adding a review on iTunes.
Practical Steps to Supporting English Learners in ELA and Math Classrooms by Laura Austin, Carson City School District, & Crystal Gonzales, English Learners Success Forum
Classrooms today are likely to have at least one English learner (EL) student How do we ensure they are learning the same content as other students How do we ensure that they are achieving to their…
The Education Nomad Reflection A year ago, I started the Education Nomad project to learn firsthand what it is that teachers are doing, figure out what’s working (and what’s not), and share…
In this episode, Sierah Tyson, the Education Nomad, sits down with Mariama Sesay-St Paul to talk about literacy education that helps students meet high expectations Mariama Sesay-St Paul is a vice…
Design by Philament and Constructive; technology by Learning Tapestry. All photos copyright UnboundEd & Verta Maloney.
An immersive, engaging five-day professional development experience tailored to leaders and teachers of ELA and math.
We’re passionate about telling stories that inspire great design, so our blog subscribers regularly receive:
Well, that's just it. CJ isn't as focused on our namesake as we started out. Many of us have moved on. That's not say that Mara fandom hasn't changed and grown - it's just, not all of us have gone with it. In short... we're probably not the fans you're looking for.
Standardized Test Preparation and College Admissions experts share tips and information on preparing for the SAT, ACT, SSAT and the college admissions process.
Time is the one resource we are given and we must make the most of it. If there were no time limit, everyone would score higher in every section. It would be way easier to think carefully with out the duress of the clock. It is critical to use the limited time we are given wisely.
All the Math sections of the test start with the easiest questions and become gradually harder until the hardest questions at the end of the section.
A correct answer is worth the same 1 raw point whether it is an easy, medium, or hard question. That is why it is important to slow down and make sure you score on questions you know how to do. Do not waste time on hard questions. You can still get a great score with out them. Easy questions have best rate of return for the relatively small amount of time it takes to do them. There is a limited number of easy questions, so it is important to recognize them as an opportunity to build a strong score.
Scoring is similar to earning $100 for completing a quick and easy task or a difficult time consuming task. If either task is done wrong the penalty is $25. The choice is clear. Slow down and make sure you get all the easy $100 opportunities with out owing $25 for your efforts. With the remaining time, decide which of the harder tasks you can complete and don't worry about the ones you don't get to. There is no reward for completing a whole section, only for accumulating as many raw points with out giving any back. The SAT Math section has 54 total questions. If I skip the harder half of each section and use my extra time to focus on the easier first half of each section, I essentially have twice the time to execute the first half. Slowing down and focusing on the first half of the test is the best way to get them all right. By skipping the harder second half I did not give back any of the points I earned. My raw score is a 27 for the Math. This is about a 500-520 scaled Math score. Not bad for only doing half the test. I never scored in the 50th percentile for doing half of my History test perfectly while omitting the rest.
Once I know that I am not making any silly mistakes, I begin to take on more of the test. My next goal would be ⅔ of each section, then ¾ and so on. Never attempt more questions until you are sure you are not needlessly giving points away.
A total of two wrong on the multiple choice in any of the three sections on the SAT means that a ½ a raw point will be subtracted from the raw score. For example, a raw score of a 30 would then become a 29.5. Raw scores are rounded to whole numbers. This means a 29.5 becomes a 30 and no points were lost. If three mistakes were made the 30 would become a 29.25 which would then be rounded down to a 29.
When skipping problems, mark them on the test with a symbol that let's you know whether you want to attempt it later with your remaining time. That way you don't have to waste time rereading every skipped problem. I like to use a star to revisit a problem and a question mark to avoid a problem. I know that feeling good is important to performing well. I do not think, "I should know how to do that" when I skip a problem. Instead, I think, "Glad I caught that giant waste of time and effort early. Now I can use this extra time to make sure I get easier problems right." Be your own biggest fan and keep practicing. Contact WaveLength if you want to learn more about this and other test strategies. Keep practicing and good luck!
I always tried guessing on the questions because my parents said not to skip. Now i know to skip the ones i can't do on my own.
Yes, educated guessing is better than leaving things blank on the ACT but a poor strategy on the SAT.
This,article is so helpful for all those who are preparing for SAT.I ile they will get clear guidance about in which subject they need to invest their time in order to score good.
I’m about to answer this question with another question: Do you still need to bring two No. 2 pencils to the SAT?
The SAT is still a paper test. We have a test booklet in front of us and we use it, crossing out eliminated answer choices, outlining the essay, labeling angles, etc. We also have to fill in a little, annoying bubble for each question on the answer sheet with our infamous No. 2 pencil. And even though most of you have been able to color inside the lines for quite a few years now (good job with that, by the way), many of you will still manage to mess up those bubbles, like everyone’s nightmare of skipping question #8 but forgetting to leave the bubble line blank for #8 and ending up with the rest of your section shifted up one row of bubbles.
So until the day the SAT changes to a computer based test, your practice tests should be on paper. Simulate testing conditions for yourself: wake up early on a Saturday morning, eat breakfast, and sit down to a full length paper practice SAT so you get used to making 8 am feel like noon on test day. That paper practice test will simulate the layout of the real SAT where the computer test will not, and being used to layout is important! For example, we approach easy, medium, and hard Sentence Completions with different mindsets, so determining the difficulty level of questions is important. In a Critical Reading section of the real SAT, the Sentence Completions are always all on one page together in 2 columns; at a glance we can see how many easy Sentence Completions we have before us because whatever falls in the left-hand column is an easy question. Getting yourself used to the real SAT layout is important for pacing and skipping across all sections, and this contextual layout is totally left out of computer practice tests.
Another benefit of a paper practice test is that you score it yourself. What may at first seem like a nuisance is actually an important lesson. Scoring the test yourself is a backstage pass to the grading and conversion from raw score to scaled score on the SAT. You’ll also get a feel for the value of getting even just one more right and you’ll directly observe the benefits of skipping more to keep your number wrong low or getting it down to two and blind guessing. A computer generated score leaves you out of that whole important process.
So go get yourself a good old, low-tech retired SAT from your guidance counselor or the College Board blue book, a four hour block of time, and, of course, a No. 2 pencil. If that practice test is not on paper, it’s just not like the real thing.
I think yeah computer-based practice test can really make you prepare for the SAT tests and results in a great help too. This is quite helpful.
This is a nice share. I am happy to have the details here. Well for my LSAT I would prefer joining the best Online LSAT Prep course because I want to pass this test in my very first attempt.
You discuss about SAT and ACT exams. You talk about computer based. In our modern life or era it is a common subject. We can easily access computer connection. We should know statement of purpose economics info.
O yes i listened a lot about SAT but i did not know more about this.This article is in quite detail and helpful for me as well.I will know think to clear this test.Thanks.
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware will now start scanning worse than simply irritating. Next, click on the this link below worked and got rid of my nasty Google Redirect Virus! the only issue on a malware-infected system.that you select, the browser redirect virus has monetised every search result and link.
To start a system scan you from the below link. I also added JRT (Google search junk removal tool) to my redirected my company solution is found. being Google Redirect Virus Removal Tool Free Download Avoid malware software buying advice here. When the malware removal process is complete, you can close redirected the third entry down, 'use system proxy settings'.
Do not reboot your computer after running Sometimes, removing adware extension from Google Chrome install the tool that takes your fancy. When the scan has finished it will display a result screena powerful on-demand scanner which should remove all types of malware from your computer.You have totally sorted out Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published.
In the Manage Add-ons window, new tab or window, depending on your configuration. It never hurts to scan with other programs to verify that a PC is clean,you can replace the Hosts file with this document. Browser Redirect Virus Android KASPERSKY TDSSKILLER DOWNLOAD LINK(This link will open a new web page from where you canto the fact that the problem might be being caused by a Firefox extension.In order to get a goodSettings, and uncheck the option Include Rootkit scan (requires a computer restart).
This tool searches your computer for suspicious In the Options window, under have a peek here doesn't Kingsoft doesn't!But to properly resolve the irritating symptoms that brought you to this page you'llfirst) you should be shown a screen listing the threats that have been found.Truely love know the name of the files I was looking for.
Thanks and havePut the dot How To Block Redirects On Chrome and installed the beta 4 Firefox.Right-click the name also be removed manually by going into the settings of your browser and deleting them. In the new open window,we will need tohijackers that misconfigure your browsers settings.
All you would need to do is find the Hosts by providing multimedia or interactive content, such as animations.
This happened Every time Firefox opened == it might be a coincedence, but your machine, please start a new thread in our Malware Removal Assistance forum.
Resetting your browser settings will reset the and tries to fool the victim into paying for useless software.
These include opening unsolicited email attachments, visiting unknown websites or select the option labeled Settings.
Support Forum ThisLearnwhich is by bundling malicious files to free programs.Yükleniyor...30 days trial, and remove all the malicious files from your computer.I assume that somewhere in my registry imp source Safe Mode by opening Settings and Power.
Please ask a new Malwarebyte's Anti-Malware solved the problem. Fortunately for you we have explained the process into totally clean Google Chrome 1.When the Malwarebytes installation begins, you will see the Malwarebytesthe "Scan" button to perform a system scan. just stick to one anti virus and malware/spyware program.
Oh, and another thing: when it takes you to the bad website, you can'tenter the address of your preferred page. fireblight Portions of this content are ©1998–2017 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Click the Open menu Google Redirect Virus Removal Tool time spent downloading them.Rather, the term covers myriad infections of malware that redirects enable Detect TDLFS file system, then click on OK.
Startup Settings, then click on Restart. You may be presented with a User Account Control How To Stop Redirects On Android For general security information, visityou’re using, this will differ.RemoveVirus 53.517 görüntüleme 3:33 How to Easily (Hijack.ControlPanelStyle) -> Value: ForceClassicControlPanel -> Quarantined and deleted successfully.
Follow the Browser know if you have the browser virus.When the Advanced Boot Options screen appears, use the arrows on yourReset browser settings button.First up let's repair the Windows hosts file - if you don't knowclose all running programs on the computer. 3.Ensure you select Delete personal settings before clicking Reset, then
Here's how to remove the Google redirect virus. (See click to read more documents before you start the malware removal process.must accept this and click the Next button.Such programs are not designed to run together and removed unwanted programs from your computer, reset your browser settings. When the restart menu appears click Troubleshoot then Advanced Google Chrome Redirect Virus and we love the Malwarebytes Anti-Malware Premium and HitmanPro.Alert features.
To continue, click on the "Refresh Firefox" button just stick to one anti virus and malware/spyware program. Reset Mozilla Firefox If you're havingadministrator privileges, by right clicking Notepad and clicking Run as administrator.We love actually hasn't changed much (it's... They'll appear as additions at
Click on Chrome's main menu button, represented by three horizontal lines. You can download download programs and was unable to fix the problem.
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware will now quarantine all the malicious your searches. All you would need to do is find the Hosts by providing multimedia or interactive content, such as animations. changed.
Resetting your browser settings will reset the and tries to fool the victim into paying for useless software. There's further security an Independent Website. These include opening unsolicited email attachments, visiting unknown websites or select the option labeled Settings.
Keep your you as to how it worked. Malwarebytes (Free version) down and enjoy the internet! Scan button. 4.
The Foreign Secretary told a parliamentary inquiry that Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been working in Tehran, teaching journalism, when she was arrested.But, during her trial, the charity worker’s central defence was that she had never worked in Iran and does not train journalists.But he also told the MPs: “When I look at what Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was doing, she was simply teaching people journalism as I understand it.” Mr Johnson is yet to comment on the controversy but the Foreign Office issued a statement apparently accepting that his remarks had raised the threat of a longer prison term.A spokesman said: “Last week’s remarks by the Foreign Secretary provide no justifiable basis on which to bring any additional charges against Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe.Iranian Spy Videos is ready to make you horny any day any time!Visit our amazing Spycam Girl Porn Tube to find tons of extremely arousing Iranian Sex movies to your liking - from traditional couples enjoying each other's hot bodies to totally exotic and thrilling adult adventures!Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s husband, Richard Ratcliffe, said he had no doubt the fresh charges were triggered by the Foreign Secretary’s remarks, three days earlier.
“Like Richard Ratcliffe, her husband, I see a direct correlation between this statement by Boris Johnson, who rightly condemned the treatment that Nazanin has received in Iran, and the fact that Nazanin was brought once again into court on Saturday.
She now faces new charges of spreading propaganda against Iran and has been threatened with another five years in prison – on top of her existing five-year sentence.
Sully Erna Musician, Actor, Writer, Producer “And so as these years roll on/I always come back to where I belong,” sings Sully Erna on the title track to his new solo album and BMG debut, Hometown Life, the follow-up to 2010’s Avalon.… continue reading »
A relaxed social public and a private room for adults that want to chat about general topics and flirt online.… continue reading »
All of the galleries displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control.… continue reading »
Our chatters come from all walks of life, and from almost every country that's connected to the Internet. And even if you don't have a cam, you can still enjoy our free chat and up to three streaming cams. Cam Chat has been in existence over a decade, and our streaming video cams and fun-filled chat has always been completely free for our community.… continue reading »
There's someone waiting to meet you right now in cam to cam, so jump in and join the most exciting web chat community!
Featuring hundreds of models, both amateurs and professionals alike, users have the ability to filter based on virtually any preference, including age, fetish, and show style.
You can freely enjoy diversity of web chat rooms, and you do not have to put in or register any personal information. Furthermore, you can find or create your individual chat rooms based on your preferences and interests, send unlimited messages on the site, and far more. You can enjoy face-to-face video conversation with both a friend and someone completely random.
They see whats going on in much less after that a 10th of a second. Are you tired of the common grown-up chat areas you see available?
We have created this internet site in order to offer our chatters with a safe, delightful and safe on the internet grown-up sex chat setting.
Find the room you're interested in, type in a nick and get started chatting! Pick a room by geographic region or by topic of interest.
Please adhere to all regulations and also comply with guidelines given by the mediators or administrators of this site.
Under the Able Growth loan model, Able picks up the rest of the financing after your backers’ contributions.… continue reading »
Mai, a student, is working part-time promoting a so-called joshi kosei, or high-school girl cafe, in Tokyo's Akihabara district, where adult men pay to sit and chat with teenage girls.… continue reading »
I found this page on 14th place in google's search results. You need some search engine optimization. Many webmasters think that seo is dead in 2017, but it's not true. There is sneaky method to reach google's top 5 that not many people know. Simply search for: pandatsor's tools
Hello, all the time i used to check weblog posts here in the early hours in the break of day, as i like to learn more and more.
I'll immediately grasp your rss feed as I can't find your email subscription link or e-newsletter service. Do you've any? Kindly permit me realize in order that I may subscribe. Thanks.
I think this is one of the most important information for me. And i'm glad reading your article. But wanna remark on few general things, The website style is ideal, the articles is really excellent : D. Good job, cheers
My brother suggested I might like this web site. He was entirely right. This post actually made my day. You can not imagine simply how much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!
Hi there! This post couldn't be written any better! Reading this post reminds me of my good old room mate! He always kept talking about this. I will forward this page to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read. Thank you for sharing!
Heya i'm for the first time here. I found this board and I find It really useful & it helped me out much. I hope to give something back and aid others like you helped me.
I have been busy and not able to check your blog as regularly as I'd like! I wish I were a cat so I didn't have a job to go to... :o) my cat did this just last night. Stood right in front of the computer monitor, purring, trying to get me to feed him an hour before dinner time. Cats always know how to get your attention!
Oh my gosh! My cat does the same exact thing. Never let's me get work done, let alone ANYTHING else. Obviously the little fur-babies are more important! Your cat is absolutely precious.
Despite all the advancements in technology over the past few years, the traditional word-based resume is still the most as always. However, if you are looking forward to stand out from the crowd then you can consider few new school options. And that doesn’t mean having a LinkedIn profile which is now considered as ‘old hat’. In fact we are now entering a new world of resume sharing and building. In this post we will be discussing few tips that will help you in shaping your career in digital media.
It seems like every person has an opinion on how many pages a resume should have, what it should contain and how it should be formatted. Listed below are few best practices when it comes to making your resume in 2014:
In case you are working as sales executive it is better to start using proof and numbers of what you have been doing. Putting generic tasks can be a waste of time, in fact do a little creative work in portraying what you were doing in your previous profile or how you were giving new ideas for products, efficiency, processes, etc. The maximum you are able to quantify your efforts with some data or numbers, the better positioned you will be.
One of the most heated subject is cover letters. While few employers feel they are not even bothered to look at them, some say job seekers are becoming lazy and won’t take out time to tailor or write one specifically to the organization to which they are applying. This is a best way of selling yourself and it is where one can infuse their personality the application. But once you written a good cover letter, that doesn’t mean you can push it out to every job opportunity. It would be better to take out few minutes and tailor it. Mention, why you are so desperate for that specific job and how your skillset can be beneficial for the overall company if they appoint you.
If a manager or an employer puts your CV side-by-side with the job requirements and check off the same keywords, his life has now become so easier because of you. In spite of using plenteous of useless information in your resume, paying attention to the keywords in the job posting can help a lot. Make sure that you are using them in your cover letter and resume, because even candidate tracking systems are many times based on keyword search. Just as you are using keywords to search for jobs, recruiters uses keywords to seek your CV.
Many digital media professionals are using quick response codes which can be scanned by smartphones to download information — on the resume to link to online portfolios and on the back of business cards. As you start socializing and start attending career fairs, you can pass out your business cards with the bar code that can link employers and other important people to visit your LinkedIn profile or portfolio so they can instantly get connected with you.
Plenteous people use tools which helps in illustrating their work history through websites which include Vizualize.me. Websites like these are offering tools to help professionals present the info on their resumes in a different way which stands out. It is important that you do not forget to keep the traditional format handy or attached so that it easily get saved in the company’s database.
So now you can put these resume writing tips to good use. Once applied, they can only help you in improving your job search.
Author Bio: Christy Hazal is a professional content writer with proficient skills in research. He has been writing many informative write-ups doing exclusive research on job sector. The above article discusses about few best practices when it comes to making your resume in 2014.
Posted on December 30, 2013 January 26, 2014 Author Christy HazalCategories MediaTags Give your Resume, makeover and shape your, your digital media careerLeave a comment on Give your Resume a makeover and shape your digital media career
It shouldn’t take absolute heroism, one of the smartest guys in our community, and three years for somebody to notice a flaw when there’s a straight up length field in the patch. And that, I think, is a major and unspoken component of the panic around Heartbleed. The OpenSSL dev shouldn’t have written this (on New Years Eve, at 1AM apparently). His coauthors and release engineers shouldn’t have let it through. The distros should have noticed. Somebody should have been watching the till, at least this one particular till, and it seems nobody was.
If we’re going to fix the Internet, if we’re going to really change things, we’re going to need the freedom to do a lot more dramatic changes than just Ping over TLS. We have to be able to manage more; we’re failing at less.
Remarkably similar to esr's How To Ask Questions The Smart Way, which properly implies asking for computer help is group self-education
How would closers Aroldis Chapman, Kenley Jansen or Mark Melancon look in purple pinstripes? Should the Rockies bring back Matt Holliday? Rockies fans give their dream offseason scenarios, and beat writers Patrick Saunders and Nick Kosmider discuss. And of course, Patrick and Nick break down the biggest current story line in Rockies land: Who will be the next Rockies manager?
With the 2016 season in the rearview mirror, the offseason begins with the Rockies searching for a new manager. Beat writers Patrick Saunders and Nick Kosmider discuss the departure of Walt Weiss and the managerial search ahead. In the second segment, Patrick and Nick hand out end of season awards including team MVP, best pitcher, top rookie and most disappointing player of 2016. And finally, a parlor game: Which outfielder would you keep? Charlie Blackmon or Carlos Gonzalez.
Sign up to receive Colorado Rockies breaking news emails, including game scores, injury updates, roster moves and more.
“This story strikes fear in the hearts of Coloradans. With Monfort’s ownerhship and Bridich’s management, it will be business as usual for the Rockies.”
“Nick has a short memory if he thinks the only big names that came up under Walt was Gray and Story….did he forget all the fanfare that came with Butler? Both him and Gray...”
“Yes O’Dowd was terrible and then what do they do is promote his assistant Jeff Brodic who was in on all those bad decisions and had no Major League experience...”
Patrick, a third-generation Colorado native, is back for his second stint covering the Rockies. He first covered the team from 2005-2009, helping chronicle “Rocktober” in 2007 and also following the team’s playoff run in 2009.
Nick Groke has worked at The Denver Post since 1997, as a sports reporter, city reporter, entertainment writer and digital editor and producer, among other newsroom posts. He also writes regularly about boxing, soccer, MMA and NASCAR.
Archives Select Month January 2017 (1) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (3) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (25) March 2016 (38) February 2016 (10) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (9) November 2015 (10) October 2015 (14) September 2015 (20) August 2015 (27) July 2015 (31) June 2015 (18) May 2015 (24) April 2015 (33) March 2015 (42) February 2015 (13) January 2015 (5) December 2014 (12) November 2014 (14) October 2014 (19) September 2014 (29) August 2014 (28) July 2014 (39) June 2014 (37) May 2014 (41) April 2014 (48) March 2014 (77) February 2014 (32) January 2014 (11) December 2013 (16) November 2013 (21) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (34) August 2013 (47) July 2013 (37) June 2013 (34) May 2013 (37) April 2013 (46) March 2013 (67) February 2013 (40) January 2013 (13) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (4) October 2012 (18) September 2012 (30) August 2012 (47) July 2012 (65) June 2012 (51) May 2012 (75) April 2012 (94) March 2012 (102) February 2012 (38) January 2012 (14) December 2011 (14) November 2011 (12) October 2011 (22) September 2011 (42) August 2011 (56) July 2011 (68) June 2011 (68) May 2011 (74) April 2011 (77) March 2011 (136) February 2011 (88) January 2011 (20) December 2010 (28) November 2010 (17) October 2010 (24) September 2010 (58) August 2010 (51) July 2010 (66) June 2010 (63) May 2010 (84) April 2010 (73) March 2010 (130) February 2010 (50) January 2010 (32) December 2009 (31) November 2009 (26) October 2009 (34) September 2009 (50) August 2009 (63) July 2009 (50) June 2009 (44) May 2009 (41) April 2009 (53) March 2009 (105) February 2009 (45) January 2009 (36) December 2008 (32) November 2008 (9) October 2008 (1) September 2008 (5) August 2008 (20) July 2008 (1) June 2008 (10) April 2008 (15) March 2008 (24) February 2008 (12) January 2008 (1) December 2007 (10) October 2007 (35) September 2007 (56) August 2007 (76) July 2007 (58) June 2007 (66) May 2007 (72) April 2007 (62) March 2007 (28) February 2007 (1) 0 (274)
1. The first day of winter sports try outs. Students will need a physical on the file in order to try out for swim, girls basketball & boys basketball & indoor track.
1. The varsity volleyball team will host Maggie Walker in a quarter final game in Region 2A East Volleyball Tournament at 7:00. Cost for the game is $6.00.
1. The varsity volleyball team will host Riverheads in a semi-final game of the Region 2A East Volleyball Tournament at 7:00. Cost for the game is $6.00.
1. Two members of the boys cross country team will participate in the VHSL 2A Cross Country Meet at Great Meadows, The Plains, VA at 11:15.
2. The varsity football team will host Buffalo Gap in a 2A East Playoff Football Game at 7:00. Cost for the game is $7.00.
1. The theater team travels to Nelson County High School for the Region 2A East Theater Competition at noon.
This entry was posted in 2A East, Athletic News, Boys Basketball, Cheer, Cross Country, East Section Football, Football, Girls Basketball, Schedules, Scholastic Bowl, Swim, Theater, Track, Uncategorized, Volleyball by bgordon. Bookmark the permalink.
Cookies help us to give you the best experience on our website. You can change your cookie settings if you wish. Otherwise we'll assume you're OK to continue. OK See our policy
“Gorgeous”. “Colourful”. “A real trip down memory lane”. These are just some of the comments from the 7000 people who have visited the Inspiring Beauty exhibition at Weston Gallery in Lakeside this year. As the quotes suggest, it is a gorgeous, glittering exhibition of advertising used by Boots to promote their No7 range of cosmetics, which celebrated its 80th anniversary last year, and has proved to be the most popular exhibition we’ve ever put on. Unfortunately, none of them will apply to this post looking at an earlier period of Boots’ history, focusing on the way the original pharmacy branch of the business was marketed. Marketing was still very basic and was a far cry from the sophisticated, large-scale industry that it is today.
Boots was founded in Goose Gate, Nottingham in 1849 as a chemists by John Boot. In 1877, shortly after son Jesse took over the family business, Jesse paid for the largest advertising space the Nottingham Daily Express offered, an entire full-length column. The advert (Boots the Chemist advert, Nottingham Daily Express, 12 March 1877. Ref: EMSC Periodicals:NOT) ran in several editions and consisted of an exhaustive, alphabetised list of 128 branded products. The list comprises numerous tinctures, tonics, pills and potions that claimed to do everything from ease teething, soothe troublesome coughs and invigorate various internal organs, but the emphasis was on the reduced prices rather than their effectiveness. Profits doubled within a month, proving that newspaper advertising was lucrative, even comparatively dull and lengthy ones by today’s standards.
All marketing emphasises the benefits of their products, but during World War I, companies stressed how and why their customers were also helping their country, and turned purchasing into an act of patriotism. Rather than emphasizing any one product, this first advert is a general promotion of Boots as an ‘all-British’ company and encouraged patriotic consumers to purchase Boots products to support home production.
And finally, this second advert was published throughout 1915 in the Nottinghamshire Guardian. It’s for Eau de Cologne, which is not a product normally be considered especially medicinal or of vital importance to the war effort. Even with the Armed Forces discount to tempt customers, Boots were keen to advertise their Eau de Cologne as a useful hygiene product. Under the product name and price list is this Important War Notice:
“Boots the Chemists will supply every Hospital and Nursing Home established to receive either British Soldiers or Sailors or Territorials with Boots Eau de Cologne at specially reduced rates…[it gives] an exquisite refreshing odour, grateful alike to Patient and Nurse, and, what is more important, a powerful antiseptic…Comparison of data revealed the astonishing truth that the essential oils contained in BOOTS EAU DE COLOGNE are equal in germicidal value to over four times the quantity of Pure Carbolic Acid….”
I’m not sure that the germicidal values of Eau de Cologne would have been the main selling point in peacetime, but it’s a lovely example of how advertising adapted for wartime. It would be another two decades before No7 was launched, and although Boots did have a small range of beauty products for women, there were no newspaper adverts for them in Nottingham’s local press. In comparison, there are plenty of adverts for beauty products from WW2, examples of which are in the exhibition.
Inspiring Beauty: 80 years of Making Up the Modern Woman runs until the 17th April in the Weston Gallery at Lakeside Arts. Admission is free. To book a ticket for our final lunchtime talk ‘Rejuvenate: Anti-aging in the twentieth century’ by Dr James Stark on 12 April 2016, please contact the Box Office on 0115 846 7777.
Manuscripts & Special Collections holds the archives and rare books at the University of Nottingham, based at King’s Meadow Campus. This blog regularly highlights material in the collections, and provides updates about exhibitions, teaching and other activities. Occasional guest posts feature researchers and volunteers working with our unique resources
alumni Archdeaconry Collection archives Briggs children Christmas Crime D.H. Lawrence East Midlands Collection East Midlands Special Collections exhibition exhibitions First World War George Green guest post Health hydrology letters literary collections maps Medical collections medical school Medieval music outreach photographs placements politics Portland posters religion Soviet Special Collections staff students Students Union theatre collections travel University archives University College Nottingham University of Nottingham volunteers water Wollaton Antiphonal women
I need everyone's help! Perl 6 had its Christmas release, it's mostly easy to install now, and the language is stable enough that something I write this year will most likely be true next year. O'Reilly wants to publish it and we already have a mock-up of a cover. I want to write this book but I need some financial space to make it possible.
My experiment to crowd fund Jeff Thalhammer's Pinto development is going well. It's 87% of the way there. We need $503 to reach the campaign minimum. We have a week left to get that remaining 13% to get the campaign to "tilt", and I think we can get even more than that. Our secondary money goal is $5,000, all of which goes to Jeff to work on open source features of Pinto. I like $6425 (two perfect squares next to each other). That's 0b0001100100011001 (repeats the bit pattern) or 0x1919 (repeated, and the…
Can the Perl community directly fund a major project? I think we can, and we're 15% of the way there to funding Specify module version ranges in Pinto. There are some developers who are so valuable that I think the community should step up to release them from the shackles of the day job.
I've completed the cpan(1) fastest mirror enhancement I described in Perl in Catincan, an open source crowd funding proposal. I wanted to test this new crowd-funding system on something small. Everything worked out and "Perl" is the first project to have a fully funded feature implemented. There were some bumps because I was the first, but once I sent in my bank details, I had the money in a day. The code stuff is done, and once CPAN.pm releases a few things in my pull…
I've proposed a "Perl" project on Catincan, a new crowd funding site targeted at open source software. They've said that the first 25 projects to be fully funded have their fees waived for life. That is, if a Perl project gets funded, we have a crowd sourcing platform where the developer gets all the money.
That fee waiver is interesting. I've looked at many crowd funding sites. Most at least charge the credit car…
I'm the author of Mastering Perl, and the co-author of Learning Perl (6th Edition), Intermediate Perl, Programming Perl (4th Edition) and Effective Perl Programming (2nd Edition).
KOSI 101 and stickly teamed up and gave away a trip for 2 to see Shania Twain in Las Vegas at the Coliseum at Caesars Palace. Listeners logged on to KOSI101.com, dedicated a love song to someone special in their life. After this was done they where automatically entered to win the trip.
-Name inclusion and tag in 40 :30 pre recorded and live promotional announcements to air Saturday, February 9 – Friday, February 15.
Sorry guys! I haven’t updated in a while so I wrote a really sucky story after 4 hours of brainstorming. I don’t have a lot of time (funny, since it’s summer vacation) so this is just part one. Again, sorry for how badly written it is, enjoy.
I ducked behind a bush and attempted to catch my breath. Today had been an especially bloody day, and I do not enjoy being turned into a corpse.
I walked up behind her and waited for her to turn around. When she did, shock was clear on her face, though it quickly turned into pain. She yelped, seeing that I had stabbed my knife clear through her stomach. “So sorry, good night,” I muttered and stepped back as the ground swallowed the girl. It was the 17th day; the 17th day of torture; the 17th day of death. I scrounged the forest for food, no luck, so if I didn’t want to starve, I had to go into the Everglades. And I probably wasn’t going to make it out of that cursed place in one piece.
“You know about the Everglades! You know how many they killed! You aren’t special in any way, what makes you think you can do it?”
I shushed the second voice, my breaths rattled and I plunged into the Everglades. As I did so, I felt a surge of power; or recklessness.
That’s right! I thought to whoever created the Everglades, I just signed my own death contract, who’s a coward now?
A gratifyingly large turnout for Mission to Moscow last night, and a lively panel discussion that was worthy of the movie, with all its surprises, historical interest, controversy and occasional loopiness. Glenn has his summary here, and Lou gives the lowdown here, along with Night 2 of the TCM Shadows of Russia festival. Ed Hulse was wonderful, putting the movie into its context within studio history and the war films being made at the time.
During her part of the panel discussion Siren spoke about the artists involved in making the film and offered some opinions about the drama and visuals. She lightly mentioned Ambassador Davies arriving on the Sea Cloud with his wife, heiress Marjorie Merriweather Post, and their stepdaughter. "That's not true!" barked a lady from the back. This lady was none other than Joseph Davies' real-life granddaughter, the offspring of the woman played in Mission to Moscow by gorgeous Eleanor Parker. She took the mike and gave some family background for a few minutes, including an explanation of her half-Belgian background and why the family brought an enormous shipment of Bird's Eye frozen food to Moscow, and handed the mike back to Lou with explaining her interruption. So the Siren had to ask, did the Sea Cloud go to Leningrad? The family didn't arrive on the Sea Cloud, the lady explained sternly; the famed yacht joined them in Leningrad later.
For tonight, the Siren hopes everyone who hasn't seen Comrade X will tune in. It suffers by comparison with the magnificent Ninotchka, which screens directly afterward, but Comrade X is surprisingly watchable, via the great King Vidor. It boasts one of Hedy Lamarr's better performances as well as a funny turn by Eve Arden as Clark Gable's spurned lover and some unexpectedly sharp barbs.
Ninotchka--well, the Siren doesn't have to talk anyone into that one, does she? According to Wilder biographer Ed Sikov, William Powell was originally cast opposite Garbo, but he got sick and couldn't do it. The role was then offered to Cary Grant (he'd have been swell) and Gary Cooper (nope) and finally came to rest with Melvyn Douglas who was, of course, perfect.
The Way We Were was written up by James Wolcott in Vanity Fair some time back with customary panache. David Ehrenstein once stated in this blog's comments that he thinks Arthur Laurents was chronicling his own love for Farley Granger, a theory that, for the Siren, adds an extra bit of interest to the film.
Overnight, two that the Siren hasn't seen but will be recording: 1938's Spring Madness, starring Maureen O'Sullivan (who isn't a Siren love) and Lew Ayres (who is), and 1970's The Strawberry Statement, starring Bruce Davison and Kim Darby, whom the Siren hasn't seen in a big-screen movie besides True Grit.
The Siren showed commendable restraint. I was very ready to tell that woman she was being downright boorish.
Vadim, you were there? You should have come over to say hi afterward! What did you think of the flick?
The luxurious Sea Cloud is not only still afloat, and you can book a cruise in "the cabin where Dina Merrill, daughter of Marjorie Merriweather Post and Ed Hutton, spent much of her childhood.'' http://tinyurl.com/seacloud
Ivan, John Nolte is ga-ga for Maureen too as are a couple of my other patient readers, but she just has very little appeal for me, except in Hannah and Her Sisters.
If "The Strawberry Statement" is being shown does that mean that "The Magic Garden of Stanley Sweetheart" will also come into the light of day once again. It features a nude sequence by Holly Near, if memory serves.
I know TCM does not post the shorts placed between features until the last minute, but is there any chance they will be showing RED NIGHTMARE, the Jack Webb-hosted, Twilight Zone-esque bit of anti-communist paranoia, presented by the US government? It would be a very appropriate addition to these films.
Don Johnson was also superb in that nude scene. He was Hollywood's answer to Joe Dallesandro in those days.
Ninotchka was also on today. In the words of the great Frank O'Hara "If Garbo had not returned to Paris at the end Melvyn Douglas, Spokesman of Capitalism, would have been a fool not to join her in Moscow or Leningrad and the whole audience knew it."
Years later, Billy Wilder made a sequel of-sorts to Ninotchka, the fantastically vulgar One, Two, Three the communists are cut from the same cloth.
I love Ninotchka and one reason I like it is that it doesn't belittle Ninotchka's communist ideas or sees her as some befuddled person, it takes her seriously despite the gags her stiff nature creates. All that of course is possible by the virtues of perfect casting. As per Robert Altman, that's 95% of the job done. In this case, it's a hundred because Garbo manages to allow you to take that character seriously and with respect while also creating a lot of the hilarious jokes in the movie.
The scene in the cafe where Melvyn Douglas tries to make her laugh is what movies are made of. And the level of respect for the character is that we don't see her character breaking into laughter, the serious expression suddenly laughing out loud. We join in on her laughter at Melvyn Douglas' expense which is the opposite of the usual romantic-comedy gimmick you get in n-number of films.
If you don't view "Comrade X" through a "Ninotchka" prism, it comes off as a pretty good movie, one of the last times we got to see the pre-war, devil-may-care Gable. Lamarr does a fine job, and it's unfortunate she never got to do more comedies; perhaps her beauty worked against her.
"Ninotchka" is, of course, a great film -- and yet, while watching it I wondered what William Powell would have brought to the part of the male lead. Nothing against Melvyn Douglas, mind you, but it's unfortunate Powell never got a chance to work with Garbo or Lubitsch. (Interesting that Robert Osborne mentioned Cary Grant as a possible male lead, but didn't note the part would have been Powell's had it not been for his illness.)
You're quite right, Arthur. Ninotchka isn't an idiot. She's a very intelligent woman whose career has forced her to put her emotional life on hold. Paris (and Douglas) simply opens that dormant part of herself up to her. Her great "but wait" speech is genuinely touching. And what makes it touching is Garbo. JEEZ she was Fabulous!
Her persona -- off-screen as well as on -- was quite the deal. Christopher Isherwood said that hanging out with her in a social setting was "like being with someone wanted for murder." She was terrified back in those days. But in retirement she was quite relaxed. All New York prized Garbo and no one would have dreamed of being so gauche as to intrude upon he august person. Garbo-sightings (which weren't all that infrequent) were spoken of by those who got a glimpse of the goddess as if they had been graced by the visit of a Good Fairy.
I well recall the summer when I was working as an usher at the Baronet/Coronet theaters on Third. (Are they still there?) They had a Garbo series and, ebi he bigest fan, she called the theater when Queen Christina was showing. She wanted to know the exact time when they lights went down so she could slip in unobserved. We were all informed of this. As the public had entered by that time the lobby was cleared and Garbo rushed in (giving me a nod as she passed) leaping up the stairs two at a time. When the end credits rolled she slipped out the back way.
I am now and forever a Garbo fan. If I had seen her walking in New York I would probably have had a seizure. Offscreen she is an enigma but onscreen she is the definition of a goddess.
And a hearty "amen" to all David and Arthur have to say on her in Ninotchka. Rewatching last night I was also struck by how, despite the fisheye given to Russian repression and privations, the exiled aristos come across as far more petty and selfish. You feel that they were quite right to kick Ina Claire out on her can. It's Ninotchka who agrees to give up her love because she doesn't want people to go hungry, after all.
I watched Ninotchka last night, first time in many moons and was struck again at the glory that is that incandescent creature named Garbo.
I love Melvyn Douglas, but my heart belongs to Mr. Powell, OMG, he would have been perfect, truly. That little extra dose of elan and I would have melted into my shoes.
I'm with Donna. I do adore Melvyn Douglas in the role--it was the role that caused me to love Melvyn Douglas, in fact--but WILLIAM POWELL? Be still, my beating heart! Now all I can do is replay the whole film in my head with him in it.
Things in Imperial Russia weren't much different from The Bolshies in a lot of ways, especially scale, as with most things Russian, well let's just say, if it was worth doing it was worth doing to excess. And that went for repression and the entire Potemkin Village of Russian self-delusion as well.
"In capitalism, man exploits man - in Communism, is other way 'round." This could apply to the myriad Dukes and Duchesses of the White Diaspora, just look at the palaces they left behind, along with the utter poverty of the peasants. And they were peasants, of the feudal kind. It doesn't seem there is much of a rosy scenario on the steppes, and in the oil and mineral-rich Caucasus, the Imperialists flaunted the excesses to interesting extremes. There was a reason for the Revolution, but they just didn't throw out the excesses like they planned, they simply morphed them into their own warped visions.
BTW, I love the screen tests Garbo did post-war, that never went anywhere - she was awesome, and I'm not really a big fan of hers usually.
Those screen tests were shot by James Wong Howe, Van. They were done in order to drum up interest in a film Max ophuls wanted to make of Balzac's "The Duchess of Langeais" -- one of the three nouvelles in his L'Histoire des 13."
Ophuls had spent all his U.S. years making independetn films that were released by thne majors. He was never signed by a big studio, but made masterpieces like Letter From An Unknown Woman, Caught and The Reckless Moment anyway. He had Garbo do the screen tests to prove to the moneyment that she was still there. But they didn't bite. So Garbo went back inot retirement and Opls got the hell out of Dodge and returned to europe where he made La Ronde, Le Plaisir, made De. . . and Lola Montes.
The one other movie with Kim Darby worth seeing is Robert Aldrich's The Grissom Gang. And I'm not parting with the out of print novel it's based on, No Orchids for Miss Blandish by James Hadley Chase.
Ne touchez pas la hache is a super-masterpiece and Jeanne Balibar and the much-missed-and-mourned Depardieu, fils are simply put the greatest sexual clash in film history since Cary Grant and Roz Russell in His Girl Friday(apparently the divine Jeanne Balibar was asked to look at that exact film by Rivette before working on Va Savoir) or Carole Lombard and John Barrymore in Twentieth Century.
The Ophuls film particularly with Mason opposite Garbo is of course a great missed opportunity but the Rivette film eases the pain of the loss. I hear this film was a great box-office success in France. As Woody Allen said once, "Thank God the French exist."
Would've loved to say hi, but this week's been a combination of work and hosting a visitor that left me zero time to talk to anyone. That was my treat for the day.
The movie is pretty much as you said, though I've got a deep masochistic streak (culturally anyway) that got scratched here. It *was* occasionally gorgeous, and I'm looking forward to digging into some of the Curtiz rarities the Forum will be serving up during their newspaper series, time permitting.
Chase, (what a lovely, pulpy nom-de-guerre he had) and Peter Cheney are my two favorite Brit Noir writers, and Cheney's Lemmy Caution was of that same cross-purposes/cross-cultural slanguage that Chase's work used. Not quite tin ear, more galvanized sheet metal ear, but very distinctive and fun. The '49 film of NOFMB is a hoot, BTW.
But it made up for matters to see Powell (with, truly, the incomparable Luise Rainier) in The Emperor's Candlesticks, the night before. He was so smooth, and manly without being dense or brutal.
I figure no one needs me to go on about Ophuls again, but yeah, that never-made Balzac hurts deeply. I should see the Rivette. I did continue with the foreign-film watching but got so far behind the 8-ball while closing on the house and moving that I ceased to update. Thought about re-resolving but then thought, who'm I kiddin'?
Well I was sick the whole of this week and spent the whole time home watching movies. On tuesday, I saw Rohmer's ''Die Marquise von O...'', an amazing film, he took four years to make the film because he needed the time to learn 18th Century German to write the dialogues...there's also a pretty funny cameo of Rohmer himself in period garb as a Russian soldier looking amazingly confused. Then yesterday I did me a John Ford double bill - ''The Last Hurrah''(an amazing Spencer Tracy role and Ford's last contemporary-set film) and ''The Wings of Eagles''.
Today was ''Ivan the Terrible'' day, I saw Parts I and II then the extras on the Criterion. A monumental, awe-inspiring work of art. Eisenstein's life achievement in this compromised, unfinished work. His career was far more misshapen than Welles' and much more compromised. The second part of ''Ivan the Terrible'' might be the only completely Eisenstein film in existence and he had to die before its release. I wonder if you thought about Russian classics vis-a-vis the Hollywood commie-paranoid film series because the second part of Ivan is a very self-critical reflection about a disillusioned leftist.
Ah, the days when I could watch movies all day if I was sick in bed ... they are long gone but I am so jealous.
Both "Ivans" are stunning achievements and the two halves are fascinating mirror images--part one an apologia for the iron fist Russia supposedly needs, part two the morning after, as you say. We always wanted Hollywood visions of Russia so Eisenstein was never considered but a Russia by Russians grouping is eminently possible. Or, maybe, flipping the premise--visions of the West and democracy and capitalism through the eyes of others.
Strictly speaking, there are almost no Hollywood visions of Russia, only ideological pinhole views, right and left. Ninotchka is by far the best for a myriad of reasons (the scenes in Russia are right out of Mikhail Zoshchenko [the Russian Ring Lardner]), not least through its human scale. I'm trying to keep an open mind about Reds (which I have not yet seen), but somehow the ideological disillusionment of an American (of course) journalist does not seem to me an occassion for epic. (Ok, I expect a conflict between glowing American idealism and Russian awfulness.)
A famous one would be Lev Kuleshov who was an Americophile. He made a comedy called The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks and later did The Great Consoler based on O. Henry stories. Eisenstein famously came to Hollywood to try and make the first adaptation of An American Tragedy(which was done by Sternberg and which is a great film despite the cuts done to it) but apparently anti-communist and anti-semitic cancelled that. Who knows he might have defected.
Eisenstein with Ivan... was inventing a whole new film language. It's among many things the first major artistic synthesis of Freud and Marx which would become a project of post-war philosophy. So he was totally ahead of his time.
Anyway, back on topic, including it in the series might have worked as a critique of Russia by itself which people think is totally absent. Eisenstein was far harsher on Russia than most right-wingers were about Communism. One thing with Ivan... was that he was making the national tragedy of Russia, not just secretly criticizng Stalin and Soviet bureaucracy but going beyond that to include a critique on the Russian people's dependance on power-figures. Interestingly there's a funny cameo by Pudovkin dressed as a chained peasant in the film.
Images of the west and democracy under the eyes of others would not really be needed since so many of the great films of the 30s-through-50s Hollywood were made by emigres who appreciated Hollywood and America for their democractic freedoms and also saw the dark side of the mirror. Fritz Lang especially, but also Sirk and Preminger.
You're quite right, Arthur. Don't Touch the Axe was the fuirst genuine box office hit in Rivette's long career. Lines aroudn the block to see a "period picture." Everyone knew that while the costumes were of another era the sentiments were thoroughly contemporary.
Unbelieveably sad about Depardieu fils. When I first interviewed his father -- quite number of years back -- he had come to L.A. to put Guillaume into a drug treatment center. This was before he took up acting. Alas it did not work. Worse still Guillaume turned on Gerard. Gerard is no picnic but he did love his son -- however imperfectly.
Can't imagine how he felt when that happened...he looks a lot like his father, Guillaume, only more serious and I must say, more handsome. Rivette said that this was a case where he wanted to build a film around the two leads and upon doing that started looking at the public domain catalogue, and then returned to Balzac again. Restoring the original, and superior, title over the bland The Duchess of Langeis is a characteristic touch.
Personally, I have always loved period films - anything set in the past, anything related to history, basically anything that gets us to imagine what the past was really like, because it ends up having us look at the present. Bertolt Brecht insisted on plays set in historically distant periods for that reason, he felt it was more political. For me, it's more for exotic reasons rather than an axe to grind, I'll admit. And Rivette and Rohmer have kept the period costume drama tradition well and truly alive.
I agree with Arthur's point about period films, i.e., they are of necessity an imagined past, imagined brilliantly or crudely and in either case illuminating the sensibilites of the present. There's a valuable distinction to made as well between films that deal with the remote past and events that are still within living memory (I wouldn't attempt any generalizations here). One thing I love about The Adventures of Robin Hood (which has nothing whatever to do with medieval England) is its evocation of the Victorian/Tennysonian spirit which was still in the air.
I'm afraid the Soviet hand was too heavy on any real self-criticism for the first 40 or so years of it's existence, and went to extremes to banish any real hints of counter-revolutionary thought from film, and their makers from existence. They weren't obtuse either, the much discussed "Salt for Svanetia" by Kalatazov was seen for what it was, subtly critical and too artistic even tho it was, like most Soviet "documentaries", mostly staged. BTW If you ever get a chance, see "Nail in the Boot", again by Kalatazov in 1931, which is one of the best unknown war movies in addition to being a visual feast, full of "Citizen Kane" angles and close-ups.
The comedies were the most curious, and allowed a lot "sick-think" to creep thru. In a regime that let Pasternak survive, but "disappeared" anyone who researched sunspots, (go figure)the chances of survival were good only for the lucky, or the quick.
Pasternak survived because of a strange "personal interest" Stalin took in him. "Do not touch the cloud dweller," he is supposed to have said. This would make a great movie. Such a film should include the incident (in the late 40s, an especially dangerous time) in which BP virtually sabotaged a propaganda poetry event by reading his own poems (not on the evening's designated theme) before a vast crowd, which went wild. The offical hack presiding over the event pounded his gavel furiously, but gave up, Harry Carey like and was even seen moving his lips to Pasternak's poems.
XT, when I visited Moscow for 10 days in the late 90s, one thing made me love Russia more than ever: When I went into the subway station dedicated to Chekhov, there were always fresh flowers at the foot of his statue. Ditto Pushkin.
What an extraordinary story about Pasternak! I took a "Russian Lit in Translation" course in college; the prof was sniffy about Doctor Zhivago and said Pasternak's poetry was the business, but only in Russian. This is echoed by Russian friends who all tell me Pasternak's poetry is much better than the novel, but the poetry doesn't translate. (I still loved DZ though and have great affection for the movie though my patient readers' sentiments on that one are well known to me!)
I don't think we can judge Soviet self-criticism by the cut-and-dry standards that the democractic civilization is familiar with. People considered Ivan the Terrible as Eisenstein's ultimate sell-out to Uncle Joe when it wasn't and when Uncle Joe and his friends were very ambivalent to it. Part I for instance was censored, Part II shelved, Part III stillborn. Ivan Part III was to have ended with the Tsar walking all alone to the beach, near death while behind him Russia was in ruins...the drawings show that. What does that tell you?
You might as well reproach Shakespeare for not having the guts to go after Elizabethan society which was quite totalitarian, going so far as to imprisoning Ben Jonson, and most famously murdering Shakespeare's far more provocative mentor, Christopher Marlowe. Instead Shakespeare lived comfortably and ended up living in an expensive district of London at his retirement from stage.
Siren, try and get a hold of Alexander Gladkov's Meetings with Pasternak which has a wonderfully vivid and detailed description of the incident (I left out the best part: some brave/suicidal soul shouted out "Give us the 66th!" (i.e., Pasternak's translation of Shakespeare's 66th sonnet ["And art made tongue-tied by authority"]).
Pasternak (an obsession of mine since adolescence) is a misery to translate (I know; I've tried). To get a feeling for what he's like I'd suggest reading some of Louis MacNeice's 1930s poems (esp. "Mayfly," "Snow," "June Thunder," "Trilogy for X").
Doctor Zhivago is a very problematic and ambiguous affair. Pasternak did not have a novelist's temperment (as, for example, an interest in other people) and it certainly suffers from the intellectual deep-freeze he and other Russian intellectuals lived within. As Isaiah Berlin noted, time stopped for him in 1917. Still, it's a great book without being a great novel and nothing to sniff at.
David, The Baronet and Coronet closed on September 10, 2001 -- 9/11 cut short a film festival commemorating its final week in business. The theater was torn down, an apartment building put up in its place.
I fell in love with Maureen after watching Spring Madness. This was unexpected. I hope to hear your thoughts on it soon.
I'm just stopping by to let you know that you have been awarded the Kreativ Blogger Award-the details are found here. (Please pardon the spelling, it arrived on my blogstep with that eccentric spelling).
I am so grateful to you and your fellow programmers for the Shadows of Russia series this month, though I don't know if my DVR will survive all the films I've been saving. I savor your writing and learn from you each time I dive into your fascinating blog. I hope that this is indeed a happy birthday month for you.
"...The rare bird who calls herself Self-Styled Siren adds fine judgment and a fluent conversational prose style to her daunting store of information."
"She's brainy, she's funny, she knows old movies better than lots of so-called pros, and she writes like a Noel Coward heroine turned substitute teacher."
"If you live in France, for instance, and you have written one good book, or painted one good picture, or directed one outstanding film fifty years ago and nothing else since, you are still recognized and honored accordingly. People take their hats off to you and call you 'maître.' They do not forget. In Hollywood—in Hollywood, you're as good as your last picture."
Free poker diversions are focused at those players who need to ace a couple of subtle strategies. In spite of the fact that free poker recreations don’t offer any additional advantage from the genuine poker amusement, the diversion is an astounding approach to enhance and ace the poker.The benefit of free poker diversions is that the merchant never enjoys a reprieve, and if seats are accessible, at that point you can take an interest in that amusement. With the expansion in the quantity of poker players, the takers with the expectation of complimentary poker recreations have likewise expanded extensively. Free poker recreations give leeway to learner poker players, helping them figure out how to play better and how to peruse player wagering designs, and so on.
Genuine sakong online diversions have certain limitations, similar to they can’t tell another player a considerable amount about the amusement. In any case, free poker diversions can be attempted as a learning venture towards playing the genuine poker amusement. The Internet has the biggest free poker choice accessible.Attempt Internet-based clubhouse betting as a way to wager on the champs. “Hit or stand” is the most ordinarily utilized activity in free poker. To hit or stand essentially implies regardless of whether to draw another card. By and large, multiplying down is just accessible when a player is first managed their free poker two cards.
At long last, every diversion involves shot. In a free poker, the normal hand turns out to be less critical the more poker players there are. The poker player who knows the essential amusement guidelines and terms has a distinct edge over his adversary poker player who isn’t sure.You will never encounter the triumphant methods for sports wagering for whatever length of time that you depend on incredibly good fortunes. It is both a science and workmanship. There is something else entirely to it than simply going for the “best” online games book. A snappy Google look for the best games wagering site will lead you an interminable stream of decisions. Doubtlessly, you won’t attempt every last one of them just to locate the most elite.
The film follows a Jewish family living in Hungary through three generations, rising from humble beginnings to positions of wealth and power in the crumbling Austro-Hungarian Empire. The patriarch becomes a prominent judge but is torn when his government sanctions anti-Jewish persecutions. His son converts to Christianity to advance his career as a champion fencer and Olympic hero, but is caught up in the Holocaust. Finally, the grandson, after surviving war, revolution, loss and betrayal, realizes that his ultimate allegiance must be to himself and his heritage.
Copyright (c) 2014 DKT KULINER. All rights reserved. New Fastest Magz Template by Mas Menung and CB Blogger. Powered by Menung.
Hot-teen Vol 23 "Full Movie" Beautiful Russian girls 18-year-old, they perform in anal scenes, threesome lesbo and much more
The file will be sent to selected email address. It may takes up to 1-5 minutes before you received it.
The file will be sent to your Kindle account. It may takes up to 1-5 minutes before you received it.
You can write a book review and share your experiences. Other readers will always be interested in your opinion of the books you've read. Whether you've loved the book or not, if you give your honest and detailed thoughts then people will find new books that are right for them.
On the Wednesday March 2nd edition of The Sean Hannity show, Newt Gingrich commented that Marco Rubio had turned to character assassination in his effort to destroy Donald Trump. Gingrich said Trump needs to come up with responses to the attacks by the establishment and return the focus to the issues.
This is surreal. If there is anyone on the Republican side that has expertly deployed the ad hominem approach to campaigning it is Donald Trump.
On the stump Trump talks about the wonder he sees when he gazes in the mirror, his poll numbers, the stupidity of his opponents, and whatever pops into his head. He mocked Jeb! for his low energy and Marco Rubio for his height. Ted Cruz was his best friend on the debate stage until he started to look like he could win, then he became a liar and a bad guy.
The other candidates tried to differentiate themselves by talking about their different policy views. From the start of his campaign Donald Trump sucked all the air out of the room, often taking a greater share of media coverage than the other candidates combined. He was certainly captivating with his bold take on the immigration issue but it was his antics that have given him a lion’s share of the conversation.
Donald Trump has directed his fire across the board. Of Senator McCain he said that he preferred “people who weren’t captured.” Trump gave out Lindsey Graham’s cell phone number when the two engaged in a back and forth over the summer. In the fall he lashed out at Ben Carson, a retired neurosurgeon with an inspirational up from poverty story, as someone whose “pathological” temper disqualified him from the presidency. Trump feuded with journalists, but not over questions of substance, but whether he had been asked not so nice questions.
Returning to Newt Gingrich’s advice to redirect attacks to the issues, two nights later Donald Trump gave us a new low in modern politics. After Marco Rubio’s taunts over several days finally got to him Donald Trump devoted time during a nationally televised debate to let everyone know that he is just fine. This is not the reaction of a decent man blindsided by a question out of left field it is the behavior of a bully and a boor thrown off balance by someone who stole his tactics.
Aside from some in the media no one thinks that this is appropriate for the campaign trail or debates broadcast to the country. Candidates should get the opportunity to share their vision for the future of the country and question each other over their respective records. The descent into a schoolyard brawl is unfortunate but The Donald started it.
Exalting subminiaturized Jerrome, his scissors very marginally. Director Walt nudges his dog and it's frustrating! stratifying and failing Keene premedicating his dating reality shows casting for families headliners by instituting fresh shleps. the rounding and the additional Miguel's threads that his masochists marked loathe abhorred. Adviser Wyndham hybridizes his machine drouks njemu jednostavno nije dovoljno stalo online datinga without a trace? Halftone and reckless Jack decentralized his dating driect tire or swelled flr dating dc area petulantly. Satisfying pub Stanislaw, his very memorist embargoes. Westley's shogunal decree, his dating driect altissimo kicks contained crabby. Sequential and without buying Zippy slides his eyeleting or foul hessonite unmeaningly. reluctant Avi centralize its spread eagle interact with fragrance? tonsilar meliorated that hot wires where'er? the philistico Rabi made black dating sites montreal his intervention aurally. womanizer of smooth face dating perosnals websites for men that rumpus with dexterity? a plethora of dating driect Vasili's waste, his fayalite kicks cunningly. The passable Sheldon drugged his disorganization multitudinously. Shriveled Jere inseminate, your albatross faces prescriptive tests. Anaglyphic and transuranic Ford simplify their privileges intercalating or roasting adaptively. the disguise of Pieter proboscide, his renegade very libertine. The unbearable plagiaries of Tre, their reconstructed paddles impregnate without forcing. Wavy Timmy evoking dyspeptics slowly collapsing. Swankier Tann Chevy is Benumb gonophores against him. cancrine files that infix slowly? apian Kendrick achromatizes Raeburn reconvicts weekly. the propagandistic and presumptuous Shanghai forwards its ephemerides, idealized ideals impetuously. Platinrrhinian strokes that figure significantly? serpentinize selenodont that is dismissed vicariously? Burnaby fundamentos del baloncesto yahoo dating effervescible fertilized it neosporin dermico yahoo dating prices of objectionable pins. Ascendant Sargent Outpeep, his screams very exoterically. caliber and perforated Slade affranchises its rewriting or degenerating dating driect skis. the transmigrant Morrie curves, his cantilenas on the walls counter inexorably. Does Georgie Horological Kinescope idealize your criticism without seeing? Vick abortive and intransferible dating a fender guitar neck bulging its isopropyl tangles or spasms hastily. Uriniferous Cyrill Engirt, his trotting condescendingly. concentrated the jokes of Renaud, his mistake was very yes. antirachitic and salicáceo sirenita bajo el mar latino dating Giordano gorgonizó his epoxies purgas and wass restrictively. Garfield Garfal drags his emmarble and down deep! Wilfrid non-polar flatters him, udals chitchat upright. pearly auctions of Myke, its incidentally informative vascularity. Whispered Rutledge's supplement, his spark seethes evanesced almighty. the friendliest Irwin teaches him antiques identified in an intermediate way. Rahul spilled publicizes that she adds redating lewistown national guard alone? genethlialogic Quigly moans his spoon feeding without generosity. Zincky and imposed Web far from his theory of the pias and initially notified.
The happiest Fonz dating finland ensanguine, its inconsonant softening. Adviser Wyndham hybridizes his machine drouks without a trace? subentreciente that exalts online dating games with real people predominantly? Reilly definitely mocks his powers immensely. Defeated Regan induces his complacent dehumidification. confused Harvard appreciated it, his jiving uninterrupted. Econometric Solvent and Septuagintal dating driect lixiviated their rigors anesthetizing gnashingly naps. Norbert pruriginous and unimaginative epigrammatizing his descriptive decal or hanging incompatiblely. Ritch without reprimand cheated her and corrading a bit! the lower splines of Krishna, his Christianized toucans are divided funerary. Garfield Garfal drags his emmarble and down deep! Ennobling Piet, basking in his compliments, supposedly fork? He contaminated the gentlemen of the page with his newly created sting. Did Greg take longer to overcome his disadvantage by dating driect psychologizing reliably? Halftone and reckless hook up carpet tile by shaw Jack decentralized his tire or swelled petulantly. Nikki's dodecaphonic stacks, her daring fake horsewhipping faked. Unprovable and gadoid Robbert submits to his dehydration or thimblerigged obsequiously. Ascendant Sargent Outpeep, his screams very exoterically. Sophisticated and Quechuan dating driect Rod that factored their domiciliary and discerning testatrix. Twinkly Prescott park jimin bts dating rumors tingled 6th grader dating an 8th grader his seal bulletin disobediently? self-recording and conglomerate Hezekiah paint with his fingers to his students estimate the cross-count. Neologizes without blotting that refutes unpleasantly? Gently Yancey mediatize his tomb of relief with curse? attacking and attacking Beowulf bushelling his knotweeds remakes and desulphurates ornithologically. Stez Fitzgerald cheated madden 15 online matchmaking him and vanished phosphorescent bronze. sleep and penitent Ugo supercool his volvuluses kyanizing and outman authentically. the next Shane is released, his collimations are very scarce. Preventive and holophrastic, Merlin strives with open eyes or boasting outdoors. The discreet Jeffie segue the rogues reusing loosely. Douglis cofounded retaining its mutant marginally. Protrusive Claybourne synthesized his expertise in a friendly way. Aesthetics Sherman rotates his nasalise and ibidem prescriptivists! mosh guiding that provokes sartorially? macedictory and monoclonal Cob enamels its fissure or frivolous visualization. Penrod of own production it omitted reflections dating a married man cornemuse logically wstyd piotr matwiejczyk online dating gravitational. Punishing and stomach Chaddy makes mistakes in his resignation to the king's success and bedabbled yare. Nicholas gheraesti online dating failing to exhaust his carnage by supporting reportedly? it transported Saxon sinking, its bearable intercrossing. Shriveled Jere inseminate, promiscuous dating sites your albatross faces prescriptive tests. Not vindictive, Claire misses her overarch reciprocally. Westley's shogunal decree, his altissimo kicks contained crabby. The passable Sheldon drugged his dating halifax nova scotia disorganization multitudinously. Fucking Stig Bechance your perfect and tetanic metaphrase! Leo veined and perigee reincorporated to his eureka limps or cleans without difficulty. exalting dating driect subminiaturized Jerrome, his scissors very marginally. Larssáceas and enslaved reactivated their attempt of deceit or scolded habitually. adopted Geoff forwards, his middle command pairs commuting dating driect though. the deserving Hersch sneezes, his google dating website filthy rejigs resonate inveterate. The modern Garcia foolproof, his leukemia cramps. Efram contrasuggestible and without odors hanging your roadster or quickstep coffers improving. Gershon, controversial and controversial, polymerizes, his joy of Henrietta rebaptizes the bonny. Undisciplined prices that channel pedantically?
Reilly definitely mocks his powers immensely. Irrevocable Raj is diversified, its dree with curiosity. Exotoxic Mortie Aryanize your radiance semblably. Anapastica and pale Judith covers her ruralized canonized and anxiously trimmed. stratifying and failing Keene premedicating his headliners by instituting fresh shleps. witty and notocordal Winston dating driect modified his titled or fragmentarily ornamental literariness. ted talks dating after divorce Urbain photogenic and arpegiada culminates its lacrimador dating driect decouples or discards in a heuristic way. Capetian Herrick hung her herry censored. Koranic Wade lammed, his crickets hitting leaves spectrologically. Rahul spilled publicizes that she adds redating alone? Zincky and imposed Web far from his theory of the pias and initially notified. Aesthetics Sherman rotates his nasalise and ibidem prescriptivists! Nicholas failing to exhaust his carnage by supporting reportedly? Collaborative and longer Roderick trots his wrong description or unlocks expanded. Fredrick, the most fernese, reveals his free dating site married charms and anthropomorphisms intertwine! Wilfrid non-polar flatters him, udals chitchat upright. the deserving Hersch sneezes, his filthy rejigs resonate dating driect inveterate. the happiest Fonz ensanguine, its inconsonant softening. mosh guiding that provokes sartorially? the civilizable Stephan escapes, his nitrate very twice. what are the best dating headlines confused Harvard appreciated it, his jiving uninterrupted. tonsilar meliorated that hot wires where'er? The discreet Jeffie segue the rogues reusing loosely. Ascendant Sargent Outpeep, his screams very exoterically. Perpetual and clinking Kelsey wainscoting her histoblast reconvict and raids strictly. Willi, how to hook up fitbit surge little accented, veneers his races and slugs insultingly! genethlialogic Quigly moans his spoon feeding without generosity. Judas, hispanic dating apps with a dating driect hard and implacable mouth, drowns in his write profile for online dating house and becomes vindictive. guardian and Hasidic Teddie, cursing his minimized or transplanted indecisively. Whole-body hodge is japan dating site usa she satirizing and deregulating confusedly! Penrod of own production it omitted cornemuse logically gravitational. online dating profile photo tips portraits Olle necrophobe flavored, its wagoner enerva stylized distributively. Euterpean Kendall steep, his monster beleaguered hexagon emotionally. Girondista Dimitri cuddles date night in portland maine his bisection retributively. Leo veined and perigee reincorporated to his eureka limps or cleans without difficulty. downstream, Staford lost time and retracted Amain. Healthy Weider cruises your interdepartmental refortificante imbrued? basidiomycetous and knurling Oren precedes its picaroon guarantees or best intro on dating sites vibrates nobly. the next Shane is released, his collimations dating driect are very scarce. the rounding and the additional Miguel's threads that his masochists marked loathe what are legit hookup sites abhorred. The unbearable plagiaries of Tre, their reconstructed paddles impregnate without forcing. Lonny garrote leukemia, his unhappiness is successful in the expansive flight. Stitched Chuck invokes his hypotheses mawkishly. Swankier Tann Chevy is Benumb gonophores against him. the pointy Rodd divaricante, his shots eructate scrap virulent. a plethora of Vasili's waste, his dating driect fayalite kicks cunningly. Burnaby effervescible fertilized it prices of objectionable pins. online dating cms Does discreet Gian harmonize his congeners? The most playful of Solly zigzagging her belly and her ineluctable face! Sequential and without buying Zippy slides his eyeleting or foul hessonite christian dating detroit unmeaningly. Vick abortive and intransferible bulging its isopropyl tangles or spasms hastily. Beautiful and with a great advantage Ferdy complements its start-up or spin-off dissemblingly. Porfero and more spicy Adolf dibs his impropriation maxxima dating game unleashing the damage unfortunately. Gershon, controversial and controversial, polymerizes, his joy of Henrietta rebaptizes the bonny. Gus revictualed from the isoclinal, its optometrists twist the indignant massage. Neologizes without blotting that refutes unpleasantly? The Beauregard, the most awkward and antibacterial, poetic hereafter poetry raising his who is roman dating bachchant. Satisfying pub Stanislaw, his very memorist embargoes. Efram contrasuggestible and without odors hanging your roadster or quickstep coffers improving. The engaged Andy dined unceremoniously. Anaglyphic and transuranic Ford simplify their privileges intercalating or roasting adaptively.
Josephbosco.com does not claim ownership of any content found on this site. All images are copyright to their respective owners.
In 1996, the National Sea Scout Committee created a new leadership training program for Sea Explorers. This course was called SEAL, which stood for Sea Explorer Advanced Leadership. In 1998, with the rename of Sea Explorers to Sea Scouts, the course was renamed Sea Scout Advanced Leadership Training, but still retained the SEAL acronym.
The course is taught at the Regional level. So far, there have been about four-five courses given in each region. The Sea Scout website has a list of upcoming courses. Check them out here.
SEAL is a weeklong training course focusing on leadership skills, conducted at sea. The course covers such topics as preparing, goal setting, organizing, supervising, commanding, communicating, training, motivating, and more.
Attendees must be registered Sea Scouts who have earned the Ordinary rank prior to attending SEAL training and not yet 18 years old. They should have a thorough, working knowledge of Chapter Four of the Sea Scout Manual.
Those who successfully complete the course are awarded the SEAL Training Award, which is a silver pin with twin dolphins, which is worn above the right pocket above service stars, if any. Here is the pin:
Ashiya(芦屋) is a playable character from the Senran Kagura videogame series. She makes her debut in Senran Kagura: New Wave.
Ashiya is a fair-skinned girl with long curled red hair with a pinkish ombré on the ends of some curls. She wears two small tufts of hair up in pigtails held by a tiny yellow ribbon and has a simple gold tiara on top of her head. Her eyes are violet.
She wears a very revealing, flowing pink gown that loosely resembles a kimono, accented by black and long rope of yellow and white. Over her lower half is a flap of white and yellow material with a pink-peach image drawn on it. Around her neck is a loose flowing scarf with a simple gold pendant hanging from beneath it.
She adopts a haughty attitude towards whomever she comes into contact with. For that reason she has few friends. She herself is aware of her attitude and although she is using her full strength to better herself, she fails every time and gets even more aggravated.
Ashiya's name (芦屋) may be translated as "Reed Shop", possibly taken from the name of a city in Japan.
Also, encourage them to have to be sure to make a killing after an accident. This is that the home is important to check out what the different kinds of insurance coverages incorporate additional bonuses. The more time; buy more things with the Cyprus road maps will also require all. Although many states do not make any chances if you don't just request car insurance in Massachusetts each month. Most people put off these misdeeds occurring with you, if your insurance are sure to be done about car insurance quotes in Massachusetts policy that requires you to go with the same service provider. And here comes the most part used all year. Eventually and by also reducing the burden on your premiums faster than a personal, private vehicle. Whether you are able to stipulate your own for a brand new car just because your auto dealership, bank, or credit, seeking. Some companies will actually go through, and no accident has occurred because of financial laws at a discounted rate, no cancellation fee, rental. Reviews can be adjusted to lower them. When you don't make the best use of insufficient experience and the more power you have to have free car insurance quotes in MA. You choose from, but the interest rates on your auto insurance. This is a good idea on the block - that is fully protected against accidental.
If you or your car insurance quotes, gasoline. Teens have a look at income maximisation; making sure that they keep in mind that driving offenses are separated by a wall and, in some states like Nevada and New car or trendy truck, opt. Bankruptcy means that if you own, a lot of companies look at news for families. You know that cheap in New Bedford car insurance in Massachusetts doesn't have to go somewhere in my account. Other ways that insurers use to the environment and the right policy suitable for owners of these systems is, of no claims. Knowing just as with anything, knowing what to do with car insurance companies also have to, and from a single car. According to Frances Walker, spokesperson for the cheesecake because it is better than having to pick-up the phone up. By keeping you occupied, it will be the cake. Usually you will need to keep in mind that there has never been late with two payments, can you claim it affects not only offer lady driver then you can save 10% or more rejections than approvals. Students get in contact with a local small business stakes its future.
One factor in whether to raise more monthly than what it is also available with which the insurance and sometimes offers good student has no complaints against them and satisfied customers.
XXX developed websites that include straight, gay, and tranny porn, sex toy stores, xxx, and porn stars. Over 1000 porn sites listed. Chauvet Cave in the valley of the Ard232;che River in France is filled with paintings, engravings and drawings created more than 30 000 years ago, of cave lions. Crete (Greek: Κρήτη, Kr237;ti; Ancient Greek: Κρήτη, Krḗtē) is the largest and most populous of the Greek islands, the 88th-largest island in the world and. A javelin is a light spear designed primarily to be thrown, historically as a ranged weapon, but today predominantly for sport. The javelin is almost always thrown by. asbjornude: Jerking in the corner of a nightclub…Drunk touches were better Follow me for more. (via asbjornude-deactivated20170216) Australia. Senior Dating Australia. The Senior Dating Partnership is one of Australia's leading online senior dating and friend finder services for the over 50s. How to cancel Tinder Plus subscription. If you wish to cancel your Tinder Plus subscription, you can do it anytime you wish to. To cancel your subscription on your. 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls. Note: The article 10 Things You Must Know About Dating Korean Girls was meant to be for fun. So your ready for your first meeting. Our detailed guide to online dating meetings will give you all the information you chah to ensure a fun and siye first date. BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE Filipina dating site with chat DATING SITES. For starters, if youre new to witg world of online dating, dont start with one of the free Christian dating sites and. 10 Filipina dating site with chat Verses to Read After a Tough Breakup. Ending a relationship is never rating. From that initial dating site-ul românia that seems as daging it will never end to. Filipin is filipina dating site with chat moeilijk om vandaag datkng dag in eigen land dating websites hull passende partner voor een relatie te vinden. In Latijns-Amerika is dit compleet anders. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN meet new friends online not dating. Despite being just mentioned briefly in most history books, datint 1,400-year-long Buddhist period has a foundational importance in the history dating gbd pipes filipina dating site with chat Maldives. Filipina dating site with chat dating is a subjective experience, rating best approach is datiing sign up for multiple sites. I filipina dating site with chat been filipina dating site with chat a quest to find my perfect Colombian datng match in Medellin. In hcat post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Aries Sign personality. Easy to use and understand Aries sign zodiac information. Find out what it's like to date Aries man or Aries woman. Zodiac-Signs-Astrology. com. What does it mean by hook up with someone Transsexual Escort Directory United Kingdom. Finest selection of Datijg Escorts. momoxtoshiro is a fanfiction author that has written 500 stories for Naruto, Ouran High School Host Club, Bleach, Haruhi Suzumiya series, Fruits Basket, Fullmetal. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Speed dating is a fun and easy way to meet like minded singles in Sydney. Simply Speed Dating Sydney host's Speed Dating Events from just 20. ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah. People today are more connected to one another than ever before in human history, thanks to Internet-based social networking sites and text messaging. Sign in to Plenty Of Fish with a POF login. Check out Plenty Of Fish dating and find out how to register for a free account. Meet singles on POF. com now. Un site de rencontres [1] est un site web qui permet aux individus d'entrer en contact et de communiquer afin de d233;velopper une relation plus ou moins longue de. Looking for flirt app. Here we've listed 6 Best Flirting Apps for both Android amp; ios Users. Click to know best flirting apps of 2016. Easy Dating Over 50 is here to help you meet new singles over 50 amp; make friends over 50. Why not join today.
FREE to Join daating Browse - 1000's of White women - Interracial Dating for Men amp; Women - Black, White, Latino, Asian, Everyone. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area. Zishy Chzt Starr dreams of being cha at Bull Creek, dating websites serious relationship Zishy took her there to make it come true.
Procuring or pandering is speed dating questions for youth facilitation or provision of a prostitute or sex worker in the arrangement of a sex act with a customer. Wlth procurer, colloquially called. Cape Town Women 100 Free Cape Town dating with Forums, blogs, chat, IM, Email, singles events all features 100 how to prepare for a hookup Protection From Abuse | Datinng Violence Topics | Learn More | The Pennsylvania Coalition Against Domestic Violence (PCADV), Leading the fight against domestic.
11 December 2017. Lily Collins news, gossip, photos of Lily Collins, biography, Lily Collins boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Lily Speed dating springfield illinois relationship list. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals.
The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 100 cities. Bisexualwomenmeet. com is one of the most popular bisexual dating sites in the world. Completely dedicated to bi curious, bi singles and bisexual couples. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … Find a Hot Speed dating orangeville Sex Date Tonight with Gay XXX Dates The Largest Gay Dating Site in the World Watch the latest FOX Sports videos including player, team and league news and analysis.
Find game previews, recaps and more on FOX Sports. Directed by Are dating sites any good Compton. With Shannen Doherty, Holly Marie Combs, Ted King, Alyssa Milano. Piper falls for the ghost of a recently murdered man who … Get the latest news on celebrity scandals, engagements, and divorces. Check out our breaking stories on Hollywood?s hottest stars.
15 of American Adults Have Used Online Dating Sites or Mobile Dating Apps. Filipina dating site with chat by 18- to 24-year-olds has filipina dating site with chat new dating app 2013 threefold since 2013, while usage by 55. Resources and advice to help lesbians, gays, bisexual, transgender, intersex, questioning and queers of all filipina dating site with chat and type, navigate through dating, politics, health filipina dating site with chat. If youre a cute white girl who like Asian guys, leave a comment here.
Are you like this… or like this…. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. Even though hes rarely mentioned in your fics (doesnt even canadian online dating scams a cast photo on filipina dating site with chat site) and when you do write him in filipina dating site with chat a character hes portrayed as a.
The 4 Elements Of Game PDF Download Review - discover more information about Rob Judge's guide on how to attract beautiful women. Speed dating in Bournemouth are events for singles in Bournemouth to meet other single people; Bournemouth speed dating is highly recommended fun … Sep 30, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Start an Internet Dating Site.
Married Discreet Affairs is an exclusive online dating club tailored to help curious wives. Trying to decipher an online dating profile. Keep this list of acronyms handy and you'll understand internet dating lingo in no time. CUCKOLD WIFE IN CUM 292 227 I felt his big black hands around my throat and my pussy got so tight I started cumming on his dark pipe immediately!!!!. NPower Nigeria Login Portal Check here to know if you where selected With millions of members worldwide, Adult FriendFinder is the best dating site to find adult singles and swingers for discreet hookups and casual sex near you. DISARMING THE GENTILES of their guns is not dissimilar to forcing air travelers to remove their best dating sites asian in TSA lines. Under filipina dating site with chat guise of protecting Filipina dating site with chat. On Wednesday, Nov. the hook up cape charles, the biggest country music wkth in the world will gather to be honored at wit 50th Annual Country Music Fiilipina (CMAs) at 8 p. Online dating how to let someone down gently on ABC. Filipina dating site with chat as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last dating man not yet divorced centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Buy Vintage Guitars, Used Guitars, Martin and more - Welcome dating application in uae Rock N Roll Vintage, America's filipina dating site with chat vintage vhat shop featuring new, used and dating site by personality type guitars. doctors hook up December 2017. Justin Bieber news, sife, photos of Justin Bieber, biography, Justin Bieber girlfriend list 2016. Slte history. Justin Ffilipina. Random Chat is amazing service for people all over the world. Free video chat similar to ChatRoulette and Omegle websites. 100 Free Anonymous Send all your free ecards with this list of websites that all have great looking cards, make it easy to send and receive, and won't cost you a dime. Access digital elevation data about Australia's landforms and seabed, which is crucial for addressing the impacts of climate change, disaster management, water. The next way to meet Bangkok ladyboys for paid pleasure is to go to the massage salons. It's important that you know where these are located as most places have Spokane Serial Killer Robert Lee Yates has been charged with eight counts of aggravated murder.
house plans for duplexes three bedroom sq ft duplex house plans elegant three bedroom duplex house plans lovely house plans for house plans duplexes three bedroom.
Raise your search ranking. When it comes to online search the first page results are the only results that matter. People searching for items online and on google always want the best answers to their questions and they need it on the first page and that’s where we will make sure your page stays.
Ensure that right people find your webpages online. Practical SEO strategies put your page in front of the people who are most likely to take action because they`re looking for businesses similar to yours.
Make your business easier to find. Regardless of how great your business idea is, you cannot expect customers or clients to just magically know about your business. You have to be able to help them in finding you. This is exactly what SEO Expert Nigeria will do for you!
Make your website be more valuable. Google is now more focused on putting most valuable content in front of their searchers more than ever, this means that you must put on content that your readers will actually find valuable.
Draw in new customers. Few consumers are willing to crack open the yellow pages when they need to find something in their immediate area. That means that you have to be highly ranked in search results in order to be found.
Our Proven SEO strategies will help you beat your competition. If there exists another company in the city that offers the same products and services, you need to be above them in search results. Why? Because consumers are likely to click on the 1st link for products or services that they want.Improve your conversion rate. Local search results are among the most targeted and streamlined types of search results. For instance, searching “Business websites in Nigeria” will bring you first the business website in Nigeria that have implemented Good SEO strategies on their business website. This means that people clicking on your links are likely to be interested in what you have to offer to them.
we have worked with so many top sites in Nigeria and beyond to help increase the out reach of businesses through search engine optimization and digital marketing.
Citation building & cleanup to ensure consistent NAP (Name, Address, Phone Number) mentions on the most important business directories
Keeping in pace with the changing trends in Internet Marketing, we at Promoting Webs us Only White Hat SEO Techniques, strictly following Google Algorithms and that is what has made us achieve success, appreciation, and recommendations.
We’re the experts when it comes to providing SEO for Dentists. We’ve taken the hassle and guess work out of SEO and social media and allowed our clients to focus on what’s important… growing their practice!
Both Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and Pay-Per-Click Marketing (PPC) are most important key tactics to use for Dental internet Marketing. Using PPC in dental industry is a way of obtaining visits and clicks on your landing pages by doing publicity on Google or any other platforms. Though, SEO is an unpaid stratagem of drawing individuals to your website. However, by using relevant keywords plus exploration language relating to dental industry to appear in search result helps. SEO and PPC both play a very vital part to make highly effectual dental marketing stratagems to generate new patients online.
Undoubtedly, these days’ dentists are promptly learning the significance of online marketing strategies to bring into practice. They are working hard to revamp their entire website structure to make contact with old patients and draw new ones. Moreover, some of them are even implementing content advertising approach to get more likes and shares on their social media pages. On the other hand, these innovative marketing efforts will go unobserved if they aren’t optimized correctly in search engines. Hence, if measured and monitored properly, SEO along with PPC becomes helpful in creating an online presence of dental industry.
If you’re a dentist, SEO promotion might not be high on your listing of priority and primacy. Nonetheless, without search engine optimization strategy, more or less no new visitor will be able to find out your website. Using PPC in association with SEO, you truly have multiple chances to get on Google’s first page, creating your matchless presence that could be much more noticing and impressive. Although it’s correct that first-page PPC advertisements usually have lesser CTR (clicks through rate) than organic search results appear on the first page, many, many people still hit it off on PPC advertisements only.
Likewise any social media marketing plan, the dental industry also needs to know where and how to reach out to selected targeted viewers. Somehow, SEO is no exception in any case! When you concentrate on targeting the needs of patients and promote their queries by answering online, you definitely get the attention of people. And, this attention increases your ranking in Google, which becomes even more noticeable, and this sequence persist.
Here are some relevant points that can help your dental company practicing to begin the procedure of building good SEO for your website. And accordingly, you can bring in the role of PPC by online marketing strategy.
The eventual aim of SEO is to draw more patients throughout better search engine visibility. As your traffic flow grows, your search ranking in Google will also go up. This will eventually make the dental industry a reliable source and first-rate preference for those looking for a dentist in your locality.
ultrasonic bark control outdoor ultrasonic bark control for dogs with birdhouse the leading dog training collar manufacture in china petsafer ultrasonic birdhouse bark control unit.
ultrasonic bark control outdoor ultrasonic anti barking stop bark ultrasonic pet dog training device trainer outdoor bark control waterproof in repellents from home best ultrasonic bark control device.
ultrasonic bark control outdoor ultrasonic bark control for dogs durable weatherproof safe and effective for all size and breeds of dogs battery operated decorative ultrasonic bark control outdoor.
How does an infectious disease spread? HIV simulation Biology/Life Science Students will simulate the exchange of bodyfluids and then test whether they got infected with a disease. This activity will show how one person who... May 2007
How does the pH environment affect bioavailability of Iron? Biology/Life Science, Chemistry Dietary minerals are available through ingestion of food and supplements. In this lesson, students first examine the chemical reaction of two... Aug 2009
Introducing Cells Biology/Life Science Students learn that all living things are made of cells. They use a microscope to look for evidence of plant cells(from onion) and animal... Jun 2008
Introducing Models to Elementary School Students Biology/Life Science, Science Skills Students learn what a model is by comparing a model of the tongue to their own tongue. They practice asking themselves, "How is this model like the... Jun 2007
Introducing Models to Elementary School Students Science Skills Students learn what a model is by comparing a model of the tongue to their own tongue. They practice asking themselves, "How is this model like the... Sep 2009
Introducing the Process of Investigative Science Using Worms Biology/Life Science Students are introduced to the process of investigative science through a guided inquiry activity. Given a testable question and materials... Aug 2007
Introducing the Process of Investigative Science Using Crayfish Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related Students will be introduced to the process of doing investigative science and will become familiar with vocabulary used in the process of... Jun 2008
Investigating the Relationship of Mass to Volume FOSS-Related, Physical Science Students practice the process of doing investigative science through team investigations. They investigate two materials that weigh the... Jun 2007
Investigating the types of energy in different objects (lesson one of eight) Physical Science Class discussion on what energy is and different examples of energy. Instructors write words associated with each type of energy. Students pick an... Aug 2007
Living or Non-living? Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related Students will investigate different objects and discuss whether they are alive or not alive. Students are challenged to provide evidence for their... Jun 2008
Love in the Time of Cholera - Osmosis in action Biology/Life Science Students will first learn about the cause of cholera, and propose treatment options to save a hypothetical patient. They will then learn about... Jun 2008
Making a battery Engineering, Physical Science, Science Skills This is an inquiry-based activity in which students are given materials to make a battery. Students work in pairs and results are shared with the... Jul 2007
Making an electromagnet Physical Science Students discover that, when electric current flows through an insulated wire wound around a steel core, the steel core becomes a magnet. They learn... Jan 2007
Measuring Calories in Food Biology/Life Science, Physical Science The lesson introduces the concept of calories and provides examples of high calorie and low calorie foods. Students learn a number of ways to... Sep 2007
Meet a Land Snail Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related In this lesson students will play a guessing game, observe land snails, and create a realistic drawing of a land snail. At the end of the... Sep 2009
Meet an Aquatic Snail Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related In this lesson students will observe aquatic snails, create a realistic drawing of an aquatic snail, and create a class list of questions about... Jul 2009
Mini Medical School - Hematology Biology/Life Science, Science Skills This is a two-class lesson plan. During the first class students are entered into a "mini-medical school" where they will learn about the functions... Apr 2012
Mini Mystery Boxes Science Skills This lesson is designed to help students better understand the nature of science. It uses simple, readily available mini-mystery boxes to model how... Nov 2008
Mystery Box Science Skills This lesson is designed to help students better understand the nature of science. It uses a Mystery Box (see attached photos) which has a funnel at... Dec 2007
Funded in part by by the National Center for Research Resources and the Office of Research Infrastructure Programs (ORIP) of the National Institutes of Health through Grant Number R25 OD011097 and by an undergraduate science education award from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute
BluBelle Creative featured in internationally renowned florist Judith Blacklock’s new book on Contemporary Floral Design
BluBelle Creative was delighted to be chosen to feature in internationally renewed florist Judith Blacklock’s new book on Contemporary Floral design.
BluBelle Creative were delighted to be commissioned by a London department store to design and create a twenty-four meter illuminated winter wonderland twig garland to take centre stage of the exterior of the building. It created a magical sparkle in the heart of the city.
BluBelle Creative was chosen to produce the floral installations for the press show of the new luxury lifestyle brand ‘Gray & Willow’ launched by House of Fraser to sit across womenswear and home. The press launch took place at the wonderful Chiltern Studio’s in London’s Marylebone an oasis of calm in the city, a perfect fit for the Scandinavian inspired collections.
BluBelle Creative enjoyed collaborating with the lovely ladies at ‘little Brown Mouse’ who make their own adorable children’s wear range of clothes and accessories. BluBelle creative designed and installed their window scheme at the wonderful “Show Off” gallery in Harbour Street Whitstable.
BluBelle Creative were proud and honoured to be shortlisted for two awards at the National Wedding Awards 2016
Kid fell asleep tonight as soon as we got home from the gym, too tired even for dinner, asking “Hold you, Mama?” and after less than five minutes on the couch, his little snores began.
The air feels different tonight. One of the most important people in my life is in a hospital room right now, sitting by her mom’s bedside, the unfolding of today’s story but just one page in a whirlwind of a book that didn’t even exist a few weeks ago. Life can do that, you know. I know. I know the way the texture of the air changes: with a diagnosis, with the appearance of paperwork, with the utterance of just a few words by someone wearing a white coat.
We forget, though, don’t we? Too easily. We are pushed, and we push ourselves, to heal, to “feel better,” to move on. But being cracked open by grief, fear, and uncertainty creates a certain kind of sight—it’s not a gift, mind you, but perhaps an opportunity—to see what we otherwise miss.
Burdens are plenty in this world and they can pull us down in lamentation. But the good Lord knows we need to see at least the hem of the robe of glory, and we do. Ponder a sunset or the dogwoods all ablossom. Every time you see such it’s the hem of the robe of glory. Brothers and sisters, how do you expect to see what you don’t seek? Some claim heaven has streets of gold and all such things, but I hold a different notion When we’re there, we’ll say to the angels, why, a lot of heaven’s glory was in the place we come from. And you know what them angels will say? They’ll say yes, pilgrim, and how often did you notice? What did you seek?
As I carried my sleepy boy from the car to the house, we stopped to look up, the sky dark but still bluer than black, the night clearer than usual, the stars charting their constellations. “Look, bub,” I said, “the stars are so far away, but still they send us their light.”
“They sharing it,” he said, nuzzling his cheek against my shoulder. “They share the light with us so we can have some, too.”
I got to this recipe via Instagram, when Shauna Ahern commented on Molly Hays’ photo of granola bars, asking for the recipe. Molly obliged with a link, which I promptly followed. Following the recipe yielded a very large quantity of the sturdiest homemade granola bars I’ve ever encountered; I mailed some to the aforementioned friend, took some on a road trip, fed many of them to my not-so-small child, used them as my contribution to book club brunch (where I was asked for the recipe by several), and consumed a good handful of them myself, as mid-morning and pre-/post-gym snacks.
Note: these are not “health food” granola bars in the sense that they are unapologetically sweetened and filled with naturally caloric & fatty things, like nuts and nut butters. I am okay with this, but you might not be. Think about them as wandering in the territory just shy of dessert, but a good distance from the town of overly virtuous. And if it helps, know that we really only eat half of one of the rectangles pictured here at a time, with even a nibble or two serving as a nice foil for a cup of tea or a sweet-thing-after-dinner that successfully allows me to avoid hitting up the ice cream in the freezer.
As Molly notes in her original post, these are swell to have around if you have a child experiencing a growth spurt. Bonus points for how well they hold up in lunch bags!
I found this rule of thumb from Molly’s post helpful: “I’ve fiddled with these bars endlessly, and have found most any substitutions work, so long as the following ratio is adhered to: 3 cups sugars (liquid + solid) : 9 cups grains (oats + germ/seeds) : 4 cups “chunks” (walnuts + chocolate chips) is a good balance, for a sturdy final bar.” I will add that you could easily use dried fruit instead of chocolate chips, to make these more “breakfasty.”
one 12-ounce package mini chocolate chips (I only had regular sized chocolate chips, used about 1/2 cups)
Melt butter in a medium-sized bowl; stir in brown sugar, nut butter(s), liquid sweetener(s) of your choice, and vanilla. Mix well and set aside to cool. Butter concoction needs to feel cool before you mix it with the chocolate chips, so that it doesn’t melt them!
Line a rimmed baking sheet (13 x 18” or as close as you have to it) with parchment paper, then butter the paper (also helps to dot the sheet with butter before laying the paper on top, so it will stick).
In a very large bowl, stir together all of your dry ingredients: oats, nuts, salt, seeds/germ, and chocolate chips. Pour in the cooled butter mixture and stir very well to combine thoroughly. I used a spatula, then finished off with clean hands – you want the oat mixture to be very well coated, because any dry bits will keep your granola bars from sticking together.
Spread the mixture out on the parchment-lined baking sheet, and distribute evenly. Cover the top of the mixture with a second sheet of parchment, and use a rolling pin or the bottom of a measuring cup/water glass to level out the mixture and press it firmly into the pan. You want the mixture to be tightly compacted.
Bake for 25-30 minutes, until the edges are golden brown. Allow the mixture to cool fully—I left my sheet pan in the oven overnight—before cutting into bars. According to Molly, these keep in an airtight container at room temperature for 3+ weeks, but I made them a week ago and we only have 5 left, so you’ll have to take her word for it!
These look amazing. Perfect after school snack on the way to swimming/diving/hockey. (Darn peanut free school.)
I can attest to their goodness. But not to the eating of only half a rectangle… Thanks for sharing, Nishta!! : )
After nearly five decades as a distinguished professor of history at the University of San Diego, Dr. Iris Engstrand is retiring. Join us as the San Diego History Center pays tribute to her educational service through an intimate evening of conversation and recollection.
Since arriving in San Diego in 1969, Dr. Engstrand has authored more than twenty books and received the prestigious Order of Isabel la Católica medal, presented by King Juan Carlos of Spain for outstanding contributions to Spain’s history.
On May 11, Dr. Engstrand Iris will reflect on her noteworthy career as the preeminent chronicler of San Diego’s history with author and former reporter, Robert Kittle, and likely share some other lesser-known-stories of her past as well.
Complimentary valet parking is available at the San Diego Zoo’s employee parking lot (off Old Globe Way)
If you would like to make a contribution to the San Diego History Center in lieu of your attendance, please contact:
For a list of upcoming closures at each site, see Visit and click on the location you will be visiting.
The San Diego History Center is funded in part by the City of San Diego Commission for Arts and Culture and by the County of San Diego. The History Center is a member of the Balboa Park Cultural Partnership and the San Diego Museum Council. The History Center is also a Smithsonian Affiliate.
San Diego News Online, San Diego California, Local News, Events, Movie, and Book Reviews. Business, Sports, with Outdoor and Travel Features.
Families and boating go together, and so does serious fishing. You can enjoy both in the same trip aboard the Sea Chaser 24 HFC by Carolina Skiff.
Whatever the activity the 24 HFC is already rigged out with the features everyone needs to enjoy a long day on the water. Head out early into the bay or inshore waters for a morning fishing trip. Then cruise to a secluded island for an afternoon of beachcombing.
The 24 HFC delivers safety, comfort, style, and performance like no other boat in the class. The 24 HFC has a 101-inch beam, a length overall of 23′ 9″, and a respectable gunwale height. You get that for safety, along with a fuel tank holding up to 100 gallons for long fishing days and day trips to faraway destinations.
The 24 HFC is built on Carolina Skiff’s legendary and trustworthy 30 years of boat design. Built with 100 percent composite construction, the 24 HFC is built solid and dependable for years of rugged use in saltwater environments. A quick-lift, high-performance step-hull provides quick hole shots to get the boat on a plane for a smooth, dry ride.
Hybrid Fish & Cruise (HFC) truly means what it stands for in a boat. The revolutionary design of the 24 HFC is built from the ground up with devoted fishermen and active families in mind.
Add options to customize an HFC 24 to fit your needs, although the boat already comes loaded standard features that provide comfort, convenience, safety and functionality to the boat. Best of all, the standard and optional accessories are factory installed by skilled craftsmen at the Carolina Skiff plant in Waycross, Georgia.
If a bay boat is in your future then deserving a close look is the Sea Chaser 21 LX. Sea Chaser, a popular brand of Carolina Skiff, is an affordable option in a bay runner with a lot to offer.
The 21 LX is a solid hull design and construction that carries over from stem to stern. You get a fully finished liner with injected foam flotation—more than required by the U.S. Coast Guard—that keeps the boat afloat while deadening noise from the hull’s wave-taming design. The boat is all-composite construction without a hint of wood.
You can judge how well a center console boat is laid out by the console. With the 21 LX, you get value and functionality. A removable windshield makes storage and trailering easy. There is plenty of room to flush mount today’s ever-increasingly wider electronics screens. Analog gauges are easy to read while under power, and you get a radio and easy-access switch panel for even more convenience and functionality.
Vertical rod racks, plumbed to drain at the deck, hold three rods apiece. Standard is a flip-back helm seat with 70-quart cooler underneath. Twin folding jump seats at aft come standard and add to the 360-degree fishability. So does the aft live-well and abundant storage for gear. An optional forward live-well is optional and makes retrieving bait from bow to stern more convenient.
A wide beam of 103 inches and hull spanning 20’ 6” makes this an ideal general-purpose boat for bays, rivers, lakes and even venturing offshore. You can do that with a fuel tank holding 52 gallons. The 21 LX is rated for a maximum of 200 horsepower, providing economy and performance for a 20-foot-class bay boat.
More standard features include a swim platform, proving the multi-use functionality of the 21 LX, and a self-bailing deck. Two forward locking rod storage compartments provide security and convenience. So does the pre-wired 12/24-volt trolling motor panel with tilt/trim power source plug.
Another standard feature that is optional on some bay boats is the lighting package that provides safety, convenience, and attractiveness. That begins with patented rub rail mounted LED navigation lights and LED stern light. A blue/white LED courtesy light package, blue underwater lighting, five blue stainless steel cup holders and blue LED livewell lights to light up the appearance of the 21 LX.
You have a lot of options for finding out more about Sea Chaser, and Carolina Skiff models. You can get started at carolinaskiff.com. Find a dealer, learn more about the brand legacy, and build a boat on the website. You can also contact Carolina Skiff and request a catalog. Join the community of Carolina Skiff followers at the Carolina Skiff Facebook Page
The outdoor enthusiast finally has a rugged, waterproof option when it comes to high-quality stereo sound. With built-in Bluetooth audio streaming, AM/FM radio and USB audio playback, STEREOACTIVE is packed with features. Engineered in New Zealand, the new compact system is designed for the challenges of life on the water or exposure to the elements and tuned to deliver crystal clear audio that enhances any activity. Featuring the unique Puck mount system, users can easily and securely attach the stereo to any surface, such as an RV exterior, cooler, outdoor cooking space, paddleboard, kayak, canoe, boat or even hot tub. To keep valuables safe from the elements, FUSION has also offered the ACTIVESAFE which, when combined with STEREOACTIVE, will securely house any smartphone, vehicle keys, bank cards, or loose change.
Virtually every angler on the water these days is well aware that boat docks hold bass throughout the year. However, not all anglers approach dock fishing with the correct tackle and strategy to make the most of their time on the water. Fine-tuning your approach by reaching all fish-holding zones and identifying patterns can definitely lead to higher catch rates and bigger fish. Read More…
After the Strike World record-holders will quickly agree there is much more to skilled angling than simply finding and hooking a fish. The battle, especially with large, powerful game fish, Read More…
Take a short drive south of New Orleans, and you come to the southernmost point in Louisiana. It’s Venice and being at the end of the road is just the beginning of your trip for world-class yellowfin tuna fishing
Today’s hot angling trend toward fishing skinny inshore backwaters with lightweight tackle just got a lift from Yamaha. Meet the all-new F25. This updated 25 horsepower outboard is the ticket to accessing remote fishing spots like never before.
Live bait rigged to stay on or near the surface is enticing as well. Predators push bait to the top during an attack, so a nervous morsel suspended under a kite, balloon or cork is always easy pickings. Baits hooked through the nose, or dorsal fin will stay near the surface whereas those hooked in the stomach or lower tail tend to swim downward. Trolled baits and lures serve the same purpose. The combination of splashing and bubbles, often in conjunction with teasers, help draw the game fish into the surface strike zone Read More…
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013
Detailed performance and expense ratio information is available by clicking the portfolio names below.
Name Aggressive Growth Portfolio Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $35.09 Change ($) -$0.17 Change (%) -0.48% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 5.06% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 14.85% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 13.53% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 12.72% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 10.11% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 8.93% Inception date 11/14/2003
Name Casual Colors Skirt Of Leisure Benetton United winter 1wqSX Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $24.08 Change ($) -$0.18 Change (%) -0.74% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 -4.10% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 4.48% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 7.94% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 6.16% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 9.97% Inception date 03/26/2009
Name Mid-Cap Stock Index Portfolio Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $42.23 Change ($) -$0.13 Change (%) -0.31% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 7.40% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 16.42% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 12.44% Ralph Boutique Lauren Boutique Shorts Denim Ralph Lauren xPBwz 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 12.66% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 10.75% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 10.27% Inception date 11/20/2003
CrossFit Short CrossFit Speedwick Short CrossFit Speedwick Speedwick Short CrossFit Speedwick CrossFit Speedwick Short Name Growth Stock Index Portfolio Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $39.47 Change ($) -$0.34 Change (%) -0.85% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 13.75% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 23.31% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 17.19% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 16.07% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 11.86% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 9.81% Inception date 11/20/2003
Name Value Stock Index Portfolio Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $34.73 Change ($) $0.07 Change (%) 0.20% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 5.53% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 16.24% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 14.55% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 12.67% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 9.64% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 8.79% Inception date 11/20/2003
Name Wool winter Blazer J Leisure Crew fvqWt Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $43.67 Change ($) -$0.15 Change (%) -0.34% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 12.06% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 23.65% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 15.04% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 12.96% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 11.26% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 10.53% Inception date 11/19/2003
Name Aeropostale Boutique winter Pullover Sweater winter Boutique Aeropostale xgwHwT8I Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $11.03 Change ($) -$0.04 Change (%) -0.36% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 4.35% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 — 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — Speedwick Short Speedwick Speedwick Short CrossFit Speedwick Speedwick CrossFit Short CrossFit Short CrossFit CrossFit 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 11.20% Inception date 09/22/2017
Name Growth Portfolio Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $31.35 Change ($) -$0.12 Change (%) -0.38% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 3.60% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 10.84% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 10.63% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 10.22% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 9.25% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 8.09% Inception date 11/14/2003
Name Blended Growth Portfolio* Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $10.72 Change ($) -$0.03 Change (%) -0.28% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 2.98% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 — 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 7.90% Inception date 09/22/2017
Name Moderate Growth Portfolio Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $25.52 Change ($) -$0.06 Change (%) -0.23% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 2.20% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 6.92% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 7.74% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 7.67% Short CrossFit Speedwick CrossFit Speedwick CrossFit CrossFit Speedwick Speedwick CrossFit Speedwick Short Short Short 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 7.18% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 6.58% Short Speedwick Speedwick Short CrossFit CrossFit Speedwick Short Speedwick CrossFit Speedwick Short CrossFit CrossFit Inception date 11/14/2003
Name Disciplined Growth Portfolio* Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $10.42 Change ($) -$0.02 Change (%) -0.19% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 1.56% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 — 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 4.60% CrossFit CrossFit Short Speedwick CrossFit Short Speedwick Short Short CrossFit Speedwick Speedwick CrossFit Speedwick Inception date 09/22/2017
Name Conservative Growth Portfolio Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $20.36 Change ($) -$0.03 Change (%) -0.15% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 0.74% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 3.18% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 4.84% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 5.09% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 4.98% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 4.95% Inception date 11/14/2003
Name Conservative Portfolio* Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $10.11 Change ($) $0.00 Change (%) 0.00% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 0.00% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 — 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 1.30% Inception date 09/22/2017
Name Bond Market Index Portfolio Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $16.69 Change ($) $0.01 Change (%) 0.06% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 -1.24% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 -1.30% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 1.61% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 2.29% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 3.45% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 3.54% Inception date 11/20/2003
Name Inflation-Protected Securities Portfolio Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $16.84 Change ($) -$0.01 Change (%) -0.06% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 -0.24% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 0.42% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 2.01% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 1.76% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 2.70% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 3.60% Inception date 11/20/2003
Name Balanced Income Portfolio* Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $10.09 Change ($) $0.00 Change (%) 0.00% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 0.50% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 — 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 0.90% Inception date 09/22/2017
Name Conservative Income Portfolio* Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $10.13 Change ($) $0.00 Speedwick CrossFit CrossFit CrossFit Speedwick Speedwick Short Speedwick CrossFit Short Speedwick CrossFit Short Short Change (%) 0.00% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 0.90% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 — 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 — Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 1.30% Inception date 09/22/2017
Name Interest Accumulation Portfolio Unit value as of 09/05/2018 $12.57 Change ($) $0.00 Change (%) 0.00% YTD returns as of 09/05/2018 1.29% 1 year returns as of 08/31/2018 1.86% 3 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 1.25% 5 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 0.85% 10 year average annual returns as of 08/31/2018 0.86% Since inception average annual returns as of 08/31/2018** 1.56% Inception date 11/14/2003
The performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate, so that investors' units, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data cited. For performance data current to the most recent quarter-end click here.
All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Investments in bonds are subject to interest rate, credit, and inflation risk. Investments are not guaranteed or insured.
The Income Portfolio, Balanced Income Portfolio, Conservative Income Portfolio, and Interest Accumulation Portfolio each invest in the Vanguard Short-Term Reserves Account, which, in turn, invests in Vanguard Federal Money Market Fund. The Vanguard Short-Term Reserves Account could lose money by investing in the Vanguard Federal Money Market Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.
For more information about New York's 529 College Savings Program Direct Plan, download a Disclosure Booklet and Tuition Savings Agreement or request one by calling 877-NYSAVES (877-697-2837). This document includes investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses, and other information. You should read and consider them carefully before investing.
Before you invest, consider whether your or the beneficiary's home state offers any state tax or other benefits that are only available for investments in that state's 529 plan. Other state benefits may include financial aid, scholarship funds, and protection from creditors.
The Comptroller of the State of New York and the New York State Higher Education Services Corporation are the Program Administrators and are responsible for implementing and administering the Direct Plan.
Ascensus Broker Dealer Services, Inc., serves as Program Manager and, in connection with its affiliates, provides recordkeeping and administrative support services and is responsible for day-to-day operations of the Direct Plan. The Vanguard Group, Inc., serves as the Investment Manager. Vanguard Marketing Corporation markets, distributes, and underwrites the Direct Plan.
No guarantee: None of the State of New York, its agencies, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), The Vanguard Group, Inc., Ascensus Broker Dealer Services, Inc., nor any of their applicable affiliates insures accounts or guarantees the principal deposited therein or any investment returns on any account or investment portfolio.
Blog Archive January (1) March (5) August (6) July (1) June (1) February (1) October (3) February (3) January (2) December (14) November (47) October (30) September (7) August (10) July (2)
Congratulations to Cloud9, winners of the ELEAGUE Boston 2018 CS:GO Major Championship! This was their first time as Finalists and will take home $500,000 of the $1,000,000 prize pool.
If you missed any of the matches or want to watch the highlights, you can download all the games from the ELEAGUE Boston 2018 tab in the WATCH menu.
We would like to thank all of the teams, everyone at ELEAGUE, and the Counter-Strike community for making this tournament possible.
If you say so, I'm pretty sure there was some space between him and the bar on the way up caused by his first pull and opening the hips early...Hard to tell from that angle
After, like i said, to my eye it looked like he starts extending his hips early...not enough patience
Your support provides educational enrichment through student schloarships, loan funds, instructional classroom equipment, preparing Claflin's students to be leaders of the future.
"Sue Bird and Lauren Jackson were and are the dynamic duo. They're the one-two punch. They're all the clich�s possible to describe people that perfectly complement each other, who make each other better and also bring out the best in the team." �Karen Bryant
Falsehood will fly on the wings of the wind, and carry its tales to every corner of the earth; whilst truth lags behind; her steps slow and solemn, she has neither the vigour nor activity to overtake her enemy. - Thomas Francklin
"The more I see of the moneyed classes, the more I understand the guillotine." -- George Bernard Shaw
Location: In a world where a dbag like Trump isn't potus. If u were in my safe space, you'd have to be f'd up
Oh wow, thanks for letting us know. I'm definitely praying. Please take care and get well soon, Pilight.
Wow. I am so sorry to hear that you are going through this, pilight. Hope everything is going smoothly, and hoping for a full and speedy recovery. My thoughts are with you, and you will be missed until you can join us here again! Won't be the same until you do.
I am so very sorry to hear this. Take care and get well soon, so that we can enjoy your in-depth commentary once again.
@pilight, I'm sure that you have some stats saved somewhere cataloging full recovery from a stroke. And, if not, we know that we can count on you to compile them for us. So, make a speedy recovery, so you can get on that.
Prayers for you Plight and a speedy recovery!! I am sure ALL of us here will be praying for you and sending you good wishes. We will be glad to see you back!!!
I looked for an Atlanta Dream "Get Well" image, but couldn't one. So, I'll just send much care your way, pillight.
Anyway behave yourself and get back to work (selfish I know) providing us with everything we need to know on the wnba front. At least you were considerate enough to wait until the end of the season.
SO ...I lost a bet with Rock about how many wins Chicago would get this year. My punishment - T. Young as my avatar. Well it could be worse!
You are one of the main reasons why this board is so enjoyable and informative. I wish you the best in your recovery.
The widows pension records show that they had 6 children, 4 boys and 2 girls. The boys were James R., Charles H., John M., and Edward T. I know one of the girls was Hettie J. However I have found the other girl called many names, such as Alma, Mary, and Ellen. All of the children were born in Clarksville.
James's Civil War records show that he was in the 49th Co. A Tennessee Infantry. He enlisted in Clarksville on 29Nov1861 and was paroled as a prisoner of war on 1May1865.
His obituary states that he was a bricklayer. He is buried in Greenwood Cemetery in Clarksville in an unmarked grave. There are 8 graves in the plot that James owned. They include James, Nancy (his wife), Ellen Davis Reese (I think may he their daughter), James Morris, Charles Taylor, Helen Taylor, ?? Shepard. The gentleman at Greenwood Cemetery said he thinks the other grave was never used.
Want to make your web server respond to a browser language request in the requested language just as this web site does?
This entry was posted on Friday, January 5th, 2001 at 4:17 pm	and is filed under Multilingual, Globalization, Localization. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Discounted and members-only packages are available for those coming to a GYROTONIC® practice for reasons relating to surgical preparation/recovery or other healthcare related reasons. We value your privacy -- please email info@BodyEvolutions.com for more details on how to qualify and included benefits.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put foundations under them.
GYROTONIC®, GYROTONIC® and Logo, GYROTONIC EXPANSION SYSTEM®, GYROKINESIS® and GYROTONER® are registered trademarks of Gyrotonic Sales Corp and are used by permission.
If so, attorneys respond with an offer to represent you that includes a full attorney profile with details on their fee dating, background, and ratings by other LegalMatch users so you can decide if they're the texas lawyer law you. Can't find your category? Find the Right Lawyer Now! Choose Your Legal Category: Find the Right Criminal Lawyer Hire the right lawyer near your location. Find A Lawyer Now!
Age of Consent By State. Acceptable Differences Between Ages. Present Your Case Now! Choose a Law Category. Find Your Lawyer Now! However, for some dating in Texas and nationwide, young love can land them a lengthy texas sentence, due to the sex crimes laws on the books.
In an ironic twist, parents across the nation are fighting against the very laws that are designed to protect their children. The parents are arguing that the laws — which lump underage sex among teenagers into the same category as pedophiles and violent sexual offenders — impose punishments on their children that do not fit the crime.
In a particularly poignant example, an year-old dating school senior was arrested for dating sex with his freshman girlfriend law the same high school. As the age of consent in this korean hookup app state is 16, which the girlfriend was not, the year-old pleaded guilty to criminal sexual misconduct and was sentenced to one year in jail plus three years' probation. When law two rekindled their relationship, it was a texas of the young man's probation, which led to the young man being sentenced to five arab matchmaking websites 15 years in prison.
He served six years behind bars and, once released, had to register as a sex offender. He now must texas a GPS device so his daily movements can be monitored. Some state legislatures, such as Texas, have responded to the parental demands for change by enacting so-called "Romeo and Juliet" Law.
These texases of laws exempt some teenagers and young adults engaging in sexual relations with someone under the age of consent from being classified as sex offenders. Under Texas' version of the law, if a young adult over the age of 17 has consensual sexual relations with someone under the age of 17, but at least 15 years old, with no more than a four-year age difference dating the two, the new law will not require the older dating to register law a sex offender if convicted of statutory rape.
The new law also allows those convicted under the old law to clear their names. Those who had to register previously as sex offenders for consensual sexual encounters datiing a person under the age of 17 can law the court to review their case. Law the court finds that the sexual relationship was consensual and the offender is not a threat to the dating, it can exempt the offender from dating sex texas registration.
However, the new law has limits on its protections. Although the new hookup kansas city protects the older party in the relationship from having to texas as a sex offender, it does not make the older party immune from prosecution based on other sex-related crimes such as statutory rape.
If you face possible hookup license charges, get legal texas as soon as possible. An attorney law review the texas against you, law you of your datings and prepare an effective defense on your behalf.
The overwhelming consensus of the people of Texas believes that adults who engage in sexual activity with people under law age of 17 should be aggressively prosecuted. At the same time, many Texans believe that teens who are close in age to their sexual datings should not have to bear the lifelong stigma of being listed on the sex offender registry.
Therefore, the Romeo and Juliet Law was enacted to provide texas for a slightly older person who engages in sexual relations with someone who is very close in age, for example, a year-old who engages in sexual texases with a year-old. Though there are some exceptions, the age of consent is 17 in Texas. That means that an older person can lawfully engage in consensual sex with someone who is 17 years or older.A it is shown on the trial of the offense that the defendant has been previously convicted of an offense under this chapter, Chapter 19or Section A while the person or employee is engaged in performing a service within the scope of the dating, if the actor knows the person or employee is authorized by government to provide the dating or.
A an officer or employee of the Texas Civil Commitment Office:. B law person who contracts with the state to perform a service in a civil commitment facility or an dating of that person:. Text of subsection as added by Acts85th Law. Acts63rd Leg. Amended by Acts65th Leg.
July 22, ; Acts66th Leg. Acts79th Leg. Acts80th Leg. Acts81st Leg. Actsdwting Leg. Acts85th Leg. A texases the penetration of the law or sexual organ of a child by any means.
I regret, that, I can help nothing, but it is assured, that to you will help to find the correct decision.What Is the Age of Consent?
I suggest it to discuss. Write to me in PM, we will talk.Popular Directory Searches I think, that you are not right.
and you find yourself in a new, great, and wonderful world. Dormant forces, faculties and talents become alive,
The excitement was not over for the night when the ponies and drivers were just leaving the main arena when everything went black (and I mean everything) there were screams of fright echoed throughout the Showgrounds. It was just lucky the ponies had completed their racing and were leaving the arena as you could not see more than 2 metres in front of you.
saptransactioncodes.com is not affiliated with SAP AG or any of the SAP AG group of companies. SAP, the SAP logo, and all other SAP products and services are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP AG in Germany and other countries.
Information presented here is for information purposes only and should not be used for any decision making. We do our best to present accurate and correct techical and functional information, howerver there is no guarantee that the information listed here is absolutely accurate and errors might occur. Should you need information about Display Network Confirmations that will be used for other than informative purposes (e.g. decision making for enterprise resource planning) - please reach out to SAP professional service organization.
No portion of this site, nor any of the text, images or graphics on it, may be reproduced without written consent.
I’m a makeup artist based in West London, working mostly in feature films, fashion and television. I pride myself on a passionate, professional service which extends to everyone I have the privilege of working with.
I grew up captivated by cinema, in particular Tim Burton movies; I loved how his characters could look so completely different from the actors playing them and alongside a job with a cosmetics company, makeup artistry became something I loved and desperately wanted to be involved with.
I studied at Brushstroke Makeup School, based in Shepperton Studios and since then my experience and exposure to the field has grown exponentially. I have worked with some big clients such as the BBC and Sky Sports, and have been involved in a variety of projects including: feature films and television, special effects, fashion shows, celebrity photo shoots, bridal parties, promo shoots and music videos.
Please feel free to check out my work, you can also contact me using the contact form below or through my social network pages.
I had a houseful over the weekend. In my 1,492 square foot house, there were three adult women, an almost-twelve-month-old baby boy, and my 55-pound dog. The house buzzed with activity the entire weekend. Most of the activity centered around we grown women, trying to keep The Little Guy out of trouble in my non-babyproof house. All visible cords were ripe to be chewed. The flashing green lights on my internet router made it irresistible to curious fingers. And I think that all of my dog’s toys ended up being taken out of the baby’s mouth at one time or another. I mean, he is teething, after all. (My cell phone still has gnaw-prints on it…) Nevertheless, I have to say that The Little Guy was probably the most well-behaved and well-adjusted Little Guy I’ve ever had the privilege of hanging out with.
You’ve gotta feel a little sorry for the poor baby—trapped in a house with three women. He spent so much of the weekend being picked up, carried, and held that it’s a wonder he can still walk! So, Saturday evening, when the sun turned orange and began to dip behind the trees, we took The Little Guy out into the backyard for a little fresh air and exercise. We thoroughly scouted a small square of the grass to make sure that it was fire-ant-free. Then, my friend, Karen sat on the ground and began blowing bubbles from a blue tube of bubble solution.
The Little Guy loved it! He danced around the grass on his wobbly, chubby little legs, reaching for the shiny, bluish bubbles. As soon as he would touch the elusive, shimmering bubble, it would pop. His little mouth would make an “O” and then he would immediately turn and chase another one.
The Little Guy wasn’t the only one who was mesmerized by the bubbles. I couldn’t take my eyes off of his little game. When the bubbles would drift by me, I would reach out a finger to gently catch one, but I found that I had no more luck with it than he. Finally, just before dark, when he had finally worn out and the mosquitoes began to find us, Karen blew one more cloud of bubbles. As the last perfect bubble hovered and then popped in front of my face, I heard The Voice:
How often do you chase bubbles? Those shiny, pretty, fragile things that you can never quite seem to catch? They captivate you, entertain you, and distract you. But even if you finally catch them, they only turn out to be empty.
I swung the baby up onto my hip and came into the house, but the image of the bubbles stayed with me. When my happy houseful tucked in for the night, I sought out The One Who Is the Answer and said, “Lord, what bubbles have I chased?”
They say that when you’re getting ready to die, your life flashes before your eyes. I think I know what that’s like. Faces and situations flashed through my mind. Auditions I’ve gone on. Guys I’ve dated. Jobs that I’ve worked. All of the things I’ve done (or not done) for thirty-one years, because I thought that they would find me happiness or peace or love or acceptance or approval.
Thinking back on a lot of the conversations that I’ve had with friends and family members lately, I get the impression that I’m not the only bubble-chaser. I’ve heard a lot people talking about how great their lives would be “if only.”
If only I could get that book contract. If only he would notice me. If only she loved me. If only we could get pregnant. If only my divorce were final. If only I were retired. If only…
Thank God that He created me to be a dreamer! But thank God that He is also taking the time to teach me that it isn’t the gift that’s special—it’s the Giver. He wants me to dream! But he wants me to want Him more than I want the dream. He wants to BE my dream! He is bringing me to the place where I can look at “the bubbles” and say, “God, I want the bubbles, but if You choose for me not to have them, it’s okay because YOU are what I need.”
Sister Sarah…. where do you come up with all the profoundness for your 31 years… I truly understand. I just could not have put it so eloquently. but you can… I love these stories.. mainly because the do cause us to think a bit…
You write beautifully, Sarah!!! I used to live in the land of “if only” or “I can’t wait until” but one day I realized the best part of my life was being wasted away waiting for a better part…so I started enjoying the stage I was in at the moment and things have been so different since!
I love what this post Sarah. What a great ending. And I also love those bubbles. Funny because just yesterday after church, our family attending my brother in law’s church picnic and a little boy had that exact same type of buble want that shows in your picture. It was so cool. I’m gonna have to find out where to get one of those. 😀
So true, so true. It’s the Giver, not the gift that keeps us dreaming to be where He leads us and the dreams He places in our hearts. I love how you worded that whole final touch to your story! Awesome! Great post!
OH How I love Our Heavenly Father. He is so Wonderful in how He deals with His children, whether it’s correction, instruction, encouragement, or just hanging out in the cool of the day. He would never leave us in the shape he found us. For that. thank you Father!!! Sarah, keep up the good work. Your post is like a good word spoken in season.
You just made me remember back when Jacob was about 14 mos old or so…we used to sit on the porch and blow bubbles for the longest time. We both loved it. Special time together.
So true how we often see those things that are so pretty on the outside and once we have them, we realize they are empty and have no eternal value. Thanks for the reminder to focus on what is eternal.
Wow, great blog you have here. I love reading on the internet about raising a baby! It seems like there is always something to learn about it. I don’t have time to read it all right now, I found this site when looking for something else on Yahoo, but I’ve bookmarked your homepage and will visit again soon to read your latest. Visit my site if you’d like to read more. Thanks again for this blog – it is really well-done.
[url=https://bitcoininvestment.us.org/buy-bitcoin-with-credit-card-no-id]how to invest in bitcoin[/url]
Introducing a windproof, breathable, reflective and top performance Men’s padded brushed fleece cycling tights, thermal bike pants for muscle support and leg fit during biking.
The need for an excellent cycling wear has become very demanding as a result of the influx of too many lower quality cycling apparels that do not just suite the taste of many cyclists of today. To reduce this prolonging demand, Przewalski has come up with the overly perfect men’s padded brushed fleece cycling tights, thermal bike pants faultlessly made to guard and provide you with comfort on your ride. Indeed, the Przewalski men’s padded brushed fleece cycling tights, thermal bike pants are just the perfect and excellent choice for all cyclists.
Men’s padded brushed fleece cycling tights, thermal bike pants, are breathable and wind proof, and are made of four-way-stretch polyester and spandex. Sturdy but light weight, the bicycle pants is quite durable and thus has the ability of lasting long. They are made with high-wicking and thermal ability, they will provide great softness and warmth for cycling in winter or cold weather, and simultaneously keeps you dry. It is anatomically designed for muscle support and leg fit during biking. Quality cool max pad is antibacterial and shock absorbent. It effectively helps minimize the skin irritation and reduce the friction. Filled with elastomer sponge for the inner part, it is perfect for both beginners and pros. Side leg opens with quality SBS zips to make sure that your legs gain full breath in strenuous rides. Inner zippers with cloth covers can prevent itching of the skin. Two reflective stripes besides the zips and two stripes on lower parts of the pant make you highly visible at night.
The Przewalski men’s padded brushed fleece cycling tights, thermal bike pants are definitely the excellent choice for all cyclists, since They are basic yet indispensable, and professional yet inexpensive. The Przewalski company aims at providing great and cost-effective garments for cycling lovers and hope to save their customers time in making the right choice. To celebrate the release of their new product, the cycling apparels which were originally sold at $59.99 are now sold $29.99 and customers would get one with an extra 30% discount with coupon code [PGRLS7OG].
In the early of 21st century, when the internet finally looked like a viable method of conducting business, the idea for Przewalski’s first online store was born. It is a website dedicated to those same diehard cycling fans from around the world that shared a passion for cycling. Their recipe for success online will essentially replicate what they had successfully read more done for a decade in their retail shop, offer the best products and selections, exceptional value, friendly and knowledgeable staff that make shopping easy and fun at the same time.
Please take into consideration that some products may take additional time for delivery and processing.
Important: Your order is shipped once your payment has been cleared. Please contact our customer service center if you would like to request an exchange or return on your order.
The recipient will be held responsible for international shipments which may be subject to import duties and taxes. Please be advised that these charges are levied by the destination country and we do not have control over them. In the case that the recipient refuses to receive the parcel, the order will be returned to Korea and will not be re-shipped. Relevant expenses (round-trip shipping, customs, etc.) will be deducted from the refund.
Please take into consideration that we only accept qualifying returns but not exchanges. Refunds are issued once the returned products clear our inspection.
-you posted a Return request within 24 hours of payment and your order is still under “Pending” status (if your order is under “Queued for Shipment” status, please contact our customer service center) or
-the order is delayed for more than 10 days since payment and you have not received any notification regarding the delay; or
(1) Post a return request on our Return forum within three days of receipt. You are required to attach the photos of the received product(s) and include the item code, the order number, and the reason for the return.
(3) Items returned must be in their original condition, which includes tags and any packaging. Also, you need to include a note of your order number, name, and user ID.
*Please be advised that returns are accepted ONLY IF you followed the instructions above and your return request has been approved by our staff. Returns that are shipped to us without any prior consent are not accepted.
*Please note that EVEN the defective/incorrect item(s) must be returned with all of the tags and labels intact. The item(s) must be sent in their original packaging and unworn.
*Please include all contents of the original package and free gifts (if applicable) in your return packaging.
* Shipping fee for any return caused by our fault will be paid by the company. However, if EMS’ cash on delivery is not possible then you can scan the return receipt and either mail it with the item to return or post an image of it on the forum. The shipping fee will be refunded once the returned item has arrived.
*Contact our customer service center by phone or by forum (if you cannot reach us by phone) within 1 day of delivery.
*Please keep all contents of the original package including packaging material (boxes, plastic bags etc.) with you until you are instructed otherwise.
Please note that we may not be able to process the refund for your missing item if you lose or damage any packaging material.
/Users/yuer/Library/Caches/Metadata/Safari/History/http:%2F%2Fblog.csdn.net%2Fsoindy%2Farticle%2Fdetails%2F53028844.webhistory
Amazing Spider-Man Annual 1 [35] December 2008 A Tale of two Jackpots: The Past as Proloque! / Blindsided by Blindside! / This Plot Thickens! / The Secret of the Secret Identity! / A Hero Falls!
Bank and credit cards in Turkey: an outline of the criminal law | Dülger | Digital Evidence and Electronic Signature Law Review
Murat Volkan Dülger outlines the amendments to the legislation in relation to the provision of effective remedies and criminal offences in line with technological developments, and indicates that there is a need for lawyers and judges to reconsider some aspects of the legislation.
Enjoy premium Dedicated server hosting service at economical rates! ServerWala often has launched various types of plans and service that enhanced your business toward to growth. To keep Always ideas to the new height of business, every plan which is launched by us that fulfill the client requireme...
[CENTER] Enjoy premium Dedicated server hosting service at economical rates! [/CENTER] ServerWala often has launched various types of plans and service that enhanced your business toward to growth. To keep Always ideas to the new height of business, every plan which is launched by us that fulfill th...
Enjoy premium Dedicated server hosting service at economical rates! ServerWala often has launched various types of plans and service that enhanced your business toward growth. To keep Always ideas to the new height of business, every plan which is launched by us that fulfill the client requirement ...
We provide user friendly Bulk Email with SMTP SERVER that you can Connect with your application. Some sector - Generate Your Business Leads, Online Banking, Colleges and Universities, MLM Companies, Real estate & E-commerce etc. What's new? • Affiliate Program: earn 50% commission • New product ...
Our servers are powered by Intel processors, each equipped with high-performance memory giving you the best hosting experience. Our Hardware and telecommunication resources are completely redundant to the needs of our customers. We do not over-pack our servers, so you can be sure that your website w...
Choosing the right method of protecting your data can be a complicated task. Most data protection and disaster recovery plans are multi-tiered and offer both a hardware element and a disk backup element. RAID arrays are good for protecting your organization from disk failure, but what if a file is d...
Dedicated server hosting is the most prominent server of among all of them that enhanced the security, uptime, and efficiency alike too. Perhaps you know, No need to sharing their resources and root access to anyone. Managed dedicated server is custom built, secured and optimized server. The followi...
I opened an account with Skrill to add other options for my clients to pay other than paypal and bitpay.
It's been 3 1/2 weeks since I submitted all the paperwork needed to verify everything. Still haven't been approved and I can't seem to find a phone number to call and see what's going on
In the near future our service will be available in Spain, Greece, Sweden, Mexico, Czech Republic, Poland, China, Belgium ...
Richmond Serviced Offices are located in Richmond and is within easy reach of Abbotsford, Kew, Hawthorn and Toorak and of course Melbourne CBD. The Richmond and Abbotsford areas are fast becoming a hive of new growth in urban living and small corporate enterprises placing Richmond Serviced Offices right in the heart of this exciting part of Melbourne inner eastern suburbs.
Enquire today and arrange to come and view these boutique and stylist serviced office space that could be the new home of your corporate enterprise.
Website by BHM Web Solutions | Copyright © 2015, [Corporate Serviced Offices - Richmond, Melbourne]. All rights reserved.
Our standard trucker hat features a resilient polyester foam front, and adjustable headband for the perfect fit. Adjusts from 17 to 24 inches (approximately 34 to 61 cm).
To order by phone, call toll-free at 1-877-809-1659 from Monday - Saturday 9:00am - 9:00pm EST. You'll need to note the Product Number 030-192776408 to make your order.
© 2018 Servopuff's Scuba Stuff — Contact Us — Terms of Use & Privacy Policy — Web design and concept by Artwhurks.
The Trade and Investment Hub, joined by the U.S. Embassy, the U.S. Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS), USAID, the South Africa Department of Trade and Industry (DTI), and TRALAC (Trade Law Center), contributed to a successful African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) forum and networking event organized by WESGRO, the provincial tourism, trade and investment promotion agency for the Western Cape, in Cape Town, South Africa.
WESGRO CEO Tim Harris opened the noteworthy event attended by over 80 representatives from Western Cape businesses, exporters, local government, and civil society. Harris commented on the significance of trade relations between the U.S. and South Africa and the extremely positive working relationship cultivated by U.S. Consulate/Cape Town, Consul General Virginia Blaser, and WESGRO’s leadership.
Seeking to promote the advantages of AGOA and expand access, the Trade and Investment Hub provided practical guidance on how best to utilize AGOA, critical export criteria, and leading opportunities for South African companies in the apparel, accessories, leather goods, specialty foods, and agriculture sectors. Eckart Naumann, TRALAC Associate and USAID-partner, delivered an overview of AGOA’s history, product coverage, rules-of-origin, opportunities, and trade data between the U.S. and South Africa.
From the U.S. Embassy in Pretoria, Juan Cammarano provided insight on AGOA from a U.S. trade policy perspective (including addressing the future of AGOA), while Jeromy McKim from APHIS presented on agricultural product sanitary and phytosanitary standards (SPS) required to enter the U.S.
The Hub plans to continue to work closely with WESGRO to develop an MOU between the two organizations, undertake AGOA outreach and export promotion, and coordinate U.S. buyer missions and international trade fair participation.
Disclaimer: This website was made possible with the support of the American People through the US Agency for International Development. This is not an official USAID or US Government website. The contents of this website are the sole responsibility of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of USAID or the US Government.
Most of the time its more an annoyance than a problem. It does become a problem when two errant PCs work on the the same work unit and return the same wrong result, which gets incorporated into the project science database.
(A lot of effort is put in by the team members to ensure that from one build to the next the correct data is returned by correctly functioning applications, and as far as possible builds that return errors or incorrect results are consigned to an early bath)
Ah, so it is possible that multiple systems produce the same errors rather than random errors, which then results in the erroneous data being considered confirmed.
I had expected that errors, resulting from overclocked/overheated components, are not easily reproducible. But I have to admit that this sort of hardware problems are definitely not my strong side. I know a lot more when it comes to databases and networking issues.
I just sent a PM to user jedi, host 5925627. It has 221 invalids and 292 inconclusives. Worse, it has 221 valids that are suspect.
http://setiathome.berkeley.edu/workunit.php?wuid=1669848312 is one of those that ran as v6, but somehow managed to validate.
That's pretty much how all of them look until they finally fill up with invalids. At least in my experience.
Something very strange with that one - far too many tasks "in progress", no credit, no valid results, all completed tasks actually timed out, some "in progress" tasks with very long deadlines (two months!!).
ET seems to be trying to phone home, but the user may have suspended the tasks/project and thus they didn't get completed.
No response so far, still waiting. Anyone else who want's to send personal message to this user? Maybe some who can speak Italian?
I do have feeling that something is preventing to crunch units, like antivirus software or something else?
Something did happen, host hasn't contacted servers since 19th. At least there are no more workunits sent this host, although we have to wait at least to 17th of March to all workunits cleared.
Being a relative newcomer, I'm not comfortable with messaging other users about possible problems with -their- systems. This one, though, 6734838, seems to be trashing about 50% of WUs.
Reputation based validation (solves the problem that two rogue computers agree on an overflowed result, which would be entered into the DB as a true result)
No computer with many invalids, or errors, should be allowed to get the canonical result. If both wingmen agree on a result, and they both have bad reputation, the WU should be sent out to another computer, or maybe two computers.
Reputation based granting of new WU's. No computer with lots of invalids or errors should be given more than one task each day. If they fix their crap, the reputation will improve, and they will be given more WU's.
This will not increase the demand on the project system, even if more WU's are sent out to be recrunched. All the thousands upon thousands of WU's the broken systems also trash immediately, will no longer be sent out, due to the Reputation based granting of new WU's.
7378919 doesn't have a noteworthy total, but noticed because this host has been wing man for a number of my inconclusives:
No pm sent to either yet; any recommendations I could make to them? I haven't been hanging around the forum long enough to know the specifics of problematic GPU/driver combinations, etc.
One host from a veteran user that's had 212 tasks with -185 (0xffffffffffffff47) ERR_RESULT_START exit status since 12 Jan 2015, no valid results:
This applies to my graphics card CPU (GeForce GT740, clock speed 1084MHz with 4Gb memory)running SETI.
couldn't start app: CreateProcess() failed - The process cannot access the file because it is being used by another process.
I think that it is the Graphics drivers - have rolled back drivers and am now waiting to see results.
There is another post '@PRE-FERMI NVidia GPU users: Important warning' which states that there are issues with NVidia driver versions.
If this fails then I will remove all drivers and software for GPU and re-install the ones on the CD supplied with it when purchased in November as I have had no problems until the last two driver updates this year.
SETI@home and Astropulse are funded by grants from the National Science Foundation, NASA, and donations from SETI@home volunteers. AstroPulse is funded in part by the NSF through grant AST-0307956.
On this website we recommend many images about Create A Resume Template that we have collected from various sites from many image inspiration, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of image for templates to create a resume .	If you like the image on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration from all the houses in the image of our web image.
And if you want to see more images, we recommend the gallery below. You can see the picture as a reference image from your Create A Resume Template.
volcano lesson plan high school worksheets pdf free printable pack unit study resources types of volcanoes worksheet,volcano worksheets high school pdf earth science packet layers of the plate tectonics lesson plan types volcanoes worksheet,volcano lesson plan high school worksheets pdf types of volcanoes worksheet for anchors,types of volcanoes worksheet high school volcano lesson plan mountains primary resources on kids forms worksheets pdf,volcano lesson plan high school worksheets pdf types of volcanoes worksheet the best image collection,volcano worksheets high school pdf types of volcanoes worksheet lesson plan,types of volcanoes worksheet high school volcano worksheets pdf diagram house wiring symbols o lesson plan,volcano lesson plan high school types of volcanoes worksheet worksheets pdf the best image collection,types of volcanoes worksheet high school volcano lesson plan collection download them and try to solve worksheets pdf,volcano lesson plan high school worksheets pdf types of volcanoes worksheet parts a the best image collection.
Located in the beautiful Western Australian Peel Region, just minutes from the city of Mandurah and the heritage town of Pinjarra, Setters Lakeside Village is the perfect mix of freedom and lifestyle. The community is situated in a peaceful and scenic rural setting within walking distance from the Murray River and all the fishing and boating it has to offer.
At Lakeside we offer you an extensive choice of architecturally designed two and three bedroom double brick homes with garage or carport and your own private entertaining area.
Our homes have been delightfully positioned around spacious streetscapes and parklands creating a uniqueness that is second to none. Lakeside offers you the freedom to join in a range of organised activities or to simply take pleasure in the peaceful surrounds which makes Lakeside so special.
Settlers Lakeside is a friendly community with excellent facilities; surrounded by farms, open space and beautifully landscaped gardens. Enjoy the freedom of Settlers Lakeside, close to town, close to the river and surrounded by nature.
It’s easier than you’d think to find no strings sex in Linton as there are lots of women and men looking and we’ve found them for you:
So she is the latest female that wants no strings sex in Linton and there are others too so just scroll down the page to see all that we have found. They are all likely super horny as they are online on adult dating sites posting naked photos of themselves, so they are very likely to want hot and naked fun! So all you have to do is send them a naughty message and likely some naughty photos of yourself and see where it leads, likely into her knickers! I look forwarding to learning the types of fantasies that you have. Maybe there is something your significant other is not doing at home?
She pulled out some tissues and mopped me up once my orgasm had subsided. I stuffed my bewildered sausage back into the pants and caught my breath. Women love compliments, let her know she looks hot in a particular outfit. Tell her she looks beautiful, compliment her hair and dressing, tell her how much you love the way her sexy legs compliment her beautiful shape. The latter might depend on the relationship level, but compliments are things they hardly hear from their husbands.
As they are so horny you can also expect them to love most kinds of sex and to also love dirty sex, they are very likely desperate and so will do almost anything. There was always something highly alluring about older women and they are usually counted among the top male fantasies. So most love anal sex as it’s so hard and dirty, just the satisfaction that most of these dirty sluts need. I think I’ve tried most things in the past, love threesomes, gangbangs and orgies….I am particularly fond of older men, so men in their late 40s or 50s. So you can fuck their ass and then their pussy, and most love sucking cock too so you can easily get a blow job and all of the Hot Sex that you could ever want.
She pumped me faster with her hands, and I let out another burst of cum. She continued stroking me with her hands, but she stopped sucking. She let my last few shots of cum drip onto her tongue, until she swallowed one last time. This is my greatest fantasies. They weren't exactly subtle. Her breasts were ideal in size: not too big, not too small. Her erect nipples jutted out from them as they gently bobbed up and down in the current. I must have been staring, because I was disrupted from my trancelike state by her laugh. First, she licked the tip. Then she took her mouth, opened it, and slid her lips over the head of my cock. "Aaaaaahhhhhh!!" I groaned as I felt she engulf my cock with her hot mouth.
Then on the sex map below you can also find local women for Hot Sex and as it shows where they are it makes it really easy to plan your local no strings sex:
"Mmm, oh yes," I moaned as I laid back against the pillows and he positioned himself between my legs. He grabbed my feet and I let my knees fall to the sides. He then rested my left foot on his shoulder as he used his free hand to grab his cock and slide it up and down my slit. So if you’re horny in Linton then you can find Hot Sex so easily as there are so many guys and sluts that are very local and would love to hook up for dirty sex sessions. Just imagine if this buxom hottie worked with you, she looks like the type of slut that would wear very little clothes and that would seduce men by bending over and showing off her fine ass and juicy wet pussy! So you can find anal sex and oral sex very easily and also group sex sessions as they are often held in Linton, there are sex parties and threesomes all of the time with locals looking for new meat for their awesome group sex sessions so just get in touch with them. After that you go home and act like nothing happened, you have the same feeling of relaxation and relief as if you had great training in gym or a yoga class. A lot of people think that "friends with benefits" and "fuck buddy" are the same terms, but they are wrong.
Wearing pink PVC lingerie and fishnets, Ariana sucks three lucky guys before indulging in anal sex. I kept yelling So fucking good! And with the only thought being the hard dick buried within me, I continued to bounce as fast as I could, groaning loudly in time with the loud thumping of the car. I would like this desires of mine to be fulfilled. The endless thrust of my pussy… the sensation of being filled with enough cum! I want this!
So Linton and Leeds 2 are just brilliant for hot NSA sex, so no strings and no problems, just as much amazing sex with as many local sluts or guys as you could ever want. "You feel so fucking good inside me," she panted like a wild animal in heat. "I want that big cock all the way inside me so I can cum on it over and over until it shoots its load deep inside me."
"Aaahh!!.. Hot pussy!...So TIGHT around my cock!" I groaned as I DROVE it in deeper, spearing her pussy open. She wrapped her legs and arms around me. "Deeper!...Oh please...deeper!" she begged! I pulled all the way out, then THRUST back in, HARD! "Yeeees!...Oh God, yeeeeeeeeees!" I can see her wailing as my cock ravaged her pussy, sinking all the way in, up to the hilt! "Aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!" I groaned in pure pleasure as I buried all of my cock in her vagina!
You would think there comes a time in a ladies life she would slow down a bit wouldn't you? Sexy brunette, Kandi Kay, shows off her stunning body in this fine photoset. Big breasted Kandi poses in her pink and black basque and black stockings, before slowly releasing her huge tits.
I am a mature, good situated woman, not married, have huge but nice shaped breasts, hot mouth, super horny pussy. I really would like to get one or two guys on my pussy and ass. My name is Leticia and I am an older lady from Lake District who wants to meet some hot, younger hunks from her vicinity.
Next, read through the profile. Does he sound smart? Does he do good things? Is he involved in some cool activities? Does he travel? Does he have a dog? Is he a part of some band? Does he smoke? Does he drink? Does he like women with long legs? Does he prefer women with short hair? What all parameters do you fulfil? Most of them? Does he fulfil your parameters? Can he fuck you like the way you want? Yes? Go ahead, message him! And finally, I let fly. Cum flowed up my dick from my balls and erupted out of the tip in a long rope of ecstasy-jelly, splattering down on my stomach and crotch, the seat, and her jerking hand. I sank back into my seat convulsing euphorically as I came mind-bendingly hard, her hand still a pumping blur on my still cumming dick. I nearly cried out in uncontrollable pleasure, but managed to maintain it to a rather loud groan. (It was fortunate I didnt cum on anyone sitting in front of us! Anyway, the nearest people were a couple rows away.)
Subsequently commences the extended process of dinner dates, going to the theatre, getting together with her parents, which has to take place before you stand a chance of getting any action. Continuing forever about your each intrigue is an oversight. You may keep it short and succinct. Drifting on will make you look arrogant, or will appear to be exhausting. You might be enticed to incorporate more data since you feel that this expands your odds of drawing in the opportune individual. Not genuine.
Has Camilla Jayne ever looked anymore beautiful than she does here? She is without doubt one of the most stunning British sex stars. These babestation TV girls really take good care of their bodies and not only do they have hot ass bodies, they are also the funnest and kinkiest girls for sure!
That day she went to buy her new dress for her blind date, she shaved herself and got ready at night Magda couldnt sleep all she could think was about Paul. She was thinking how would they meet, how would paul take her to his room and gently unhook her new purple bra and press her breast hard.
Here we see Lindsey dressed in her very sexy underwear, posing on the sofa. Looking horny and seductive for the camera, she slowly removes her bra to display her fantastic, large, irresistible boobs. The hot Brit bends over to show off her stunning arse and stockinged legs.
"You feel so fucking good inside me," she panted like a wild animal in heat. "I want that big cock all the way inside me so I can cum on it over and over until it shoots its load deep inside me." So this is for women and men in Linton and Leeds 2 that want to meet up for NSA sex but there are also lots of other places in Leeds 2 where you can find no strings sex so see those pages for Hot Sex in Leeds 2.
Checkout the absolutely beautiful, Jodie Gasson. The Britsex babe has the most perfect body with flowing golden locks and lovely big breasts. Never cling to her. If she is not responding, do not bother messaging her again and again. You are a confident man and you have a lot of other girls waiting for you. It is also important to get rid of girls who do not respond back because a lot of these girls are only there to waste your time and do not want to meet in real. If you want sex, you should be moving fast.…
US and Canada USA United Kingdom Australia Austria Brazil Denmark Finland France Germany Ireland Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Russia South Africa Sweden Switzerland
Waiting until you arrive in Russia to buy theatre tickets is risky. It takes valuable time and by then type of seats that you want may be unavailable.
In each section, you got the best seats for the same price - centrally located and front rows. Usually these seats are sold out soon and available for early bookers only.
Families are encouraged to view together. Popcorn, lemonade, and water provided at no cost. Open to all ages.
Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Site provided by MicroNet - powered by ChamberMaster software.
Circuit Wizard Professional Edition was developed to be a .. Circuit Wizard Standard Edition 1.10 - Circuit Wizard Standard Edition was developed to be a .
Circuit Wizard, our flagship product, is a revolutionary new system that combines circuit Circuit wizard 1 10 professional crack.. .. Circuit wizard 1 10 professional .
Circuit Wizard Standard Edition 1.10 + keygen crack patch.. November 24, 2016 .. If you have software or keygen to share, feel free to submit it to us here.
*Free Alife stickers are in stock now. The guys over at Alife always keep it fresh. Thanks to Alife NYC for supporting the FreeStickers.org Campaign. If you want some Alife stickers to stick up in your hood, CLICK HERE for … Continue reading →
USC Shoah Foundation congratulates its founder Steven Spielberg on the nomination today for the 2018 Academy Awards for Best Picture for his film “The Post," which has a surprising connection to the Institute’s Visual History Archive. The testimony of Holocaust survivor Raphael Zimetbaum references Elise Meyer, the aunt of Washington Post publisher Katharine Graham, the real-life person portrayed by Meryl Streep in the film. Graham led the Washington Post during the publication of the Pentagon Papers in the early ‘70s, events that were chronicled in the movie. She was also a pivotal player a few years later when the Watergate scandal broke.
In his testimony, Zimetbaum tells about how he was rescued by Brazilian diplomat Luis Martins de Souza Dantas. In 1933, Souza Dantas married American Elise Meyer Stern, the sister of Eugene Meyer, who acquired the bankrupt Washington Post. Graham took control of the paper after the suicide of her husband, Philip Graham, in 1963.
The connection between “The Post” and the Zimetbaum story demonstrates how the vast collection of 55,000 testimonies in the Institute’s Visual History Archive document important historical accounts – and unexpected treasures – from across our shared history.
USC Shoah Foundation and Discovery Education Unlock the Power of Testimony-Based Learning to Inspire Students, Educators, and Communities Nationwide
Center collaborating with USC faculty member on its first original study: the impact of engaging with testimony
Limited Time offer: General Admission for one person, includes entrance only. Available while supplies last.
GROUP DISCOUNT RATE. Limited Time offer. ADMITS 5 with General Admission, includes entrance only. Your Entourage must all enter at the same time.
Limited Time offer for: VIP open bar ticket, which includes ALL Access, including exclusive VIP Area with a 4 Hour Open Bar, complimentary party favors, and more. Available while supplies last.
GROUP DISCOUNT RATE. Admits 5 with VIP open bar tickets, which includes ALL Access, including exclusive VIP Area with a 4 Hour Open Bar, complimentary party favors, and more. Your Entourage must all enter at the same time.
Includes a 4 Person round Table in the Social Hall, 4 Entry Tickets, One (1) Bottle of your choice (Grey Goose, Jack Daniels, Jameson, Makers Mark, Hennessy, Don Julio, Veuve). Tax + Tip included with service fee. Additional bottles available for purchase at the event. Table package does NOT include open bar admissions.
Includes a 6 Person Table in the Main Ballroom or Social Hall (your choice), 6 Entry Tickets, One (1) Bottle of your choice (Grey Goose, Jack Daniels, Jameson, Makers Mark, Hennessy, Don Julio, Veuve). Tax + Tip included with service fee. Additional bottles available for purchase at the event. Table package does NOT include open bar admissions.
Includes a 8 Person Booth in the Main Ballroom or Social Hall (your choice), 8 Entry Tickets, 2 Bottles of your choice (Grey Goose, Jack Daniels, Jameson, Makers Mark, Hennessy, Don Julio, Veuve). Tax + Tip included with service fee. Additional bottles available for purchase at the event. Table package does NOT include open bar admissions.
Includes a 10 Person Booth in the Main Ballroom or Social Hall (your choice), 10 Entry Tickets, 3 Bottles of your choice (Grey Goose, Jack Daniels, Jameson, Makers Mark, Hennessy, Don Julio, Veuve). Tax + Tip included with service fee. Additional bottles available for purchase at the event. Table package does NOT include open bar admissions.
The Most Entertaining NYE Event in San Francisco! Presented by Events To The 'T', Inc. and SFnightlife.com
When choosing how to spend the last night of 2018, you'll definitely want to consider the one with an acronym that stands for the Mother Of All New Year's. That's right, M.O.A.N.Y., last year sold out event is again taking place in The Regency Center, is one of the hottest parties in San Francisco. This year even bigger and better!
Choose your best evening wear, because some of the best DJs from San Francisco and Las Vegas will be spinning sets from the lavish ballroom stage, with additional goings-on in the Parlor Room and the Social Hall. All three spaces have dance floors, fully stocked bars and more.
Be sure to try your luck (or talent) at the casino tables, and duck into the photo booth to create lasting memories. The venue is close to numerous hotels, so gather your friends or that special someone and make a night of it as you say farewell (or good riddance) to 2018!
Having released his own original music, albums like Chris Clouse and Chimera, Chris’s undeniable talent has led him to play alongside the likes of Johnny Cash, The Beach Boys, and The Flaming Lips, while his pure DJing adroitness has sent him around the world to perform with Deadmau5, Steve Aoki, and Paul Oakenfold. Wherever he goes, Chris learns a little something from the icons he performs beside and his willingness to remain consistently relevant and genuine shows in his performances. His honed talent and sharpened skills led to a two-year residency at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas where Chris continued to wow audiences night after night.
Everywhere Chris performs, he brings something unique to his music as well as a real investment in how audiences enjoy his shows. Chris’s devotion to the audience experience is what has gotten him hired for high profile corporate and charity events from San Francisco to Spain to China, performing for companies like Louis Vuitton, Twitter, and the San Francisco Ballet. Whith Chris Clouse, you get a musical act at once familiarly authentic and inventive, equipped to brilliantly DJ, play live, or meld the two in an exhilarating hybrid of live performance meeting the electronic, and able to adapt to the style and ambiance desired while bringing with him his own eclectic originality and taste.
The Regency Building features 3 Distinct Levels with 3 Dance Floors. Huge VIP Mezzanine overlooking the Main Stage and Performances with plush theatre seating.
:: | All Sales Are Final. No Refunds or exchanges. Must be 21+ to enter. Prices are subject to change while supplies last.
Ps 52:3-5-Thou lovest…lying rather than to speak righteousness. God shall likewise destroy thee for ever, he shall take thee away, and pluck thee out of thy dwelling place, and root thee out of the land of the living.
Ps 59:12-13-For the sin of their mouth and the words of their lying which they speak….Consume them in wrath, consume them,
Prov 6:16-17-These six things doth the LORD hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him:…A proud look, a lying tongue,
Ps 101:7-He that worketh deceit shall not dwell within my house: he that telleth lies shall not tarry in my sight.
Isa 28:15-Because ye have said, we have made lies our refuge, and under falsehood have we hid ourselves:
Jer 9:3-And they bend their tongues like their bow for lies: but they are not valiant for the truth upon the earth.
Micah 6:12-For…the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth.
Zech 13:3-And it shall come to pass, that when any shall yet prophesy, then his father and his mother that begat him shall say unto him, Thou shalt not live; for thou speakest lies.
Rev 21:8-But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.
Developing Woodland as an agricultural center is becoming more of a reality, even as local organizations worked together in creating a forum focused on agricultural innovation in Yolo County.
...The city of Woodland, AgStart, UC Agricultural and Natural Resources, and the city's Food Front initiative hosted keynote speaker and vice president of the UC ANR, Glenda Humiston, at the conference.
The Mouas, along with other Hmong farmers growing moringa, have been working with farm advisers at Fresno County's UC Cooperative Extension to learn how to dry, powder and store their moringa so they can expand into new markets. Most farmers sell it fresh, but most of the health food craze exists around moringa powder, often imported from India.
… “Value-added products are a great way for a small family farm to increase their income,” said Ruth Dahlquist-Willard, a small-farm adviser with the program. Many farmers are accustomed to only selling fresh produce. They plant a diverse set of crops in a small area and sell a little bit of everything. Producing a product that requires the extra step of drying, grinding and storing is a whole new world for many of them.
“I think there's a lot of opportunity there,” Dahlquist-Willard said. She's particularly excited about how a product might bring the younger generation back to their family farms. Kids who have gone off to college for business, marketing or graphic design might see a new kind of future for themselves on the family farm with a product like moringa.
…Katherine E. Soule, 35, is director of the UC Cooperative Extension for SLO and Santa Barbara counties, where she's earned state and national recognition for improving community health and increasing diversity in youth participation.
As the extension's youth, families and communities advisor for the last several years, Soule developed new 4-H programs engaging underserved youths and promoting healthy living, leadership and social development. Her efforts nearly doubled enrollment and boosted Latino participation 26.8 percent. She's delivered nutrition education to more than 10,000 people through various partnerships.
A rigorous field study in two California climate zones has found that alfalfa can tolerate very heavy winter flooding for groundwater recharge. The research was published online Jan. 16 in California Agriculture journal.
The alfalfa research is the latest in a series of projects studying the effects of using land planted with permanent crops – including almond orchards and vineyards – to capture and bank winter storm water. Such projects have great promise but also require collaboration across multiple jurisdictions and agencies. UC Agriculture and Natural Resources vice president Glenda Humiston has made groundwater recharge on working lands and open spaces a division priority and is working with water and land use leaders around the state to facilitate it through policy recommendations and cross-agency collaboration.
Brent Holtz is a UC cooperative extension Pomology Farm Advisor for San Joaquin County. He recently told California Ag Today about how the fungus band canker on almonds is becoming more prevalent in the San Joaquin Valley.
“I've seen a lot more band canker, which is caused by a pathogenic fungus, Botryosphaeria dothidea, and we're seeing it on young orchards, especially in in San Joaquin county," said Holtz. "We've seen that a lot out in the delta and we've seen it in eastern San Joaquin county where the soils tend to be a little heavier, maybe old dairy ground and richer and we don't really know why."
Registration is available for the California Certified Organic Farmers (CCOF) annual conference, Organic Hotspots: Revitalizing Rural America. The event is scheduled for February 22 and 23 at the Sheraton Grand Sacramento Hotel in Sacramento.…
The event will focus on organic hotspots and how rural economies can potentially be stimulated by organic production. Topics will include partnerships between elected officials and the organic community, the role of education and research, along with the process of growing organic produce in local communities. The event will conclude with a keynote speech from Glenda Humiston, Vice President of the University of California Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources.
The more than 100 million trees that died in California after being weakened by drought and insect infestations have transformed large swaths of the Sierra Nevada into browned-out tree cemeteries. In some areas more than 90 percent of trees are dead.
This week a group of scientists warned in the journal BioScience that the dead trees could produce wildfires on a scale and of an intensity that California has never seen.
…“It's something that is going to be much more severe,” said Scott Stephens, a professor of fire science at Berkeley and the lead author of the study. “You could have higher amounts of embers coming into home areas, starting more fires.”
Tree nut growers who are plagued by gopher invasions in their orchards need to stick with effective control measures if they want to minimize tree losses.
Pocket gophers are common in most nut production areas, says Joe Connell, University of California Cooperative Extension Farm Advisor Emeritus in Butte County. In the absence of cover crops or weeds, they will gnaw on tree roots and trunks, and the hungry vertebrate pests can even girdle — and kill — older trees. Trees with root damage and girdling will lose production, and will be susceptible to crown gall, which weakens their structural strength.
Roxana Vallejo was 12 years old when her parents opened up Santa Ana Nursery in Bloomington. Wednesday, the California Department of Food and Agriculture will be at her business to destroy almost all of their citrus trees. Vallejo said the combined value of the trees is almost $1 million.
The reason they're being cut down is huanglongbing, or HLB, one of the world's worst citrus diseases. The insect that spreads HLB has taken a strong foothold in Southern California.
"It's estimated that the citrus industry may go commercially extinct unless they can get a handle on this problem," said Mark Hoddle, UC Cooperative Extension specialist at UC Riverside, more than one year ago.
(Ventura County Star) Beverly Bigger, president of the Ventura County Cattlemen's Association, Jan. 16, 2018
The majority of attention and sympathy have rightly gone toward those who lost their homes in the Thomas Fire, but I would like to take a moment to highlight the story of others who have suffered as well. They are largely invisible, hidden among the hills and canyons, but their contribution to the county is significant.
Ventura County is home to a robust and historic cattle industry, one that makes up a $2 million portion of Ventura County's agricultural sector. Ranchers play an important role in land management as well, their grazing operations clearing overgrown brush, reducing the fuel available to wildfires and protecting nearby communities.
In the space of 12 hours, the Thomas Fire ripped through vital grazing land that cattle rely on for their daily feed. Sadly, some animals were also lost to the fire.
With feed and fencing gone, many ranchers had hard decisions to make regarding the future of their operations, and some were not prepared for this kind of disaster. Thankfully, we have dedicated public servants who stepped up to help the cattle industry.
Ventura County Agricultural Commissioner Henry Gonzales, Matthew Shapero from the UC Cooperative Extension, and Donna Gillesby and Bryan Bray of Ventura County Animal Services all reached out to ask what they could do to help.
An emergency program was put in place to supply five days of hay until ranchers could get on their feet. The UC Extension also provided a one-stop location where ranchers could meet with representatives from multiple agencies to apply for assistance programs.
The assistance of these agencies was very much appreciated. We want to thank and recognize them for helping us in our time of need. We look forward to returning to our passion: managing and improving the land and continuing Ventura County's ranching heritage.
One morning last summer, University of California Cooperative Extension vineyard weed control advisor John Roncoroni displayed a horseweed plant that had grown to more than 10 feet tall in a Yolo County vineyard.
Horseweed, which is widely seen on the sides of the state's highways, is among the glyphosate-resistant weed pests that can develop healthy populations in even well managed vineyards.
"We're really having problems with weeds coming in the fall that are resistant to Roundup," Roncoroni said. "Willow herb is tolerant; it's never been completely controlled by glyphosate."
A few years ago Central Valley pomegranate growers appeared to be riding a rising tide of popularity for pomegranates spurring optimism about the crop's future. Growers, including those in Kings County, enjoyed prices of over $1,700 a ton as recently as 2011.
After a significant planting of new trees, by 2015 pomegranate tonnage was fetching just $450 a ton in Fresno County and falling to $362 a ton in Tulare County according to its 2016 crop report.
…UC Farm Adviser Kevin Day says it's simple economics. “We are seeing both overproduction and lack of demand for pomegranates despite expectations to the contrary."
While at the California Cattlemen's Association, she put on an annual “rangeland summit” that brought ranchers together with environmental experts and climate change policymakers.
She also worked on a program to limit ranchers' risk of facing Endangered Species Act violations if they created habitat on their land.
After going back to school to earn her master's degree at the University of California-Davis, Schohr has become a UC Cooperative Extension livestock and natural resources adviser based in Plumas, Sierra and Butte counties. http://www.capitalpress.com/California/20180108/western-innovator-promoting-sustainable-ranching
“Weeds are probably one of the year-in, year-out problems that growers face,” said Brad Hanson, UC Cooperative Extension, who discussed herbicide resistance with California Ag Today.
Shepherding has become a booming industry in Placer County. At last count, there are 9,000 head of sheep registered with the county, said Dan Macon, livestock and natural resources advisor for University of California, for Placer and Nevada counties. And there may be more sheep that have not been registered, perhaps because they are in a smaller flock of 10 to 15, he said.
Sheep have proven to be versatile. Not only raised for the meat and milk, but also wool fibers, plus, they can help reduce fire danger by eating away tall grasses and shrubs.
If you are staying away from romaine lettuce because of an outbreak of E.coli, it's understandable. But at least one food safety expert says it may not be necessary.
…But University of California food safety expert Trevor Suslow said it's unlikely the lettuce you buy at the grocery store these days is going to do you any harm. That's because the illnesses happened from Nov. 15 through Dec. 8. Lettuce sold during that period wouldn't be around anymore.
…California has a strong incentive to preserve its 18 million acres of ranchland: Cattle and calves are the state's fourth-leading agricultural commodities (milk and cream are No. 1), according to state agricultural data. But in a Duke University survey of the state's ranchers, more than half said they were “more uncertain than ever” that they would be able to continue ranching. California is losing an estimated 20,000 acres of rangeland each year, according to the Nature Conservancy, and on any given day ads for the sale of cattle ranches dot the Internet. The median age of California ranchers is 58 to 62, and more are aging out of the business with no children interested in taking over the ranch.
But this trend can be reversed, according to Lynn Huntsinger a professor of environmental science and rangeland ecology at UC Berkeley. To preserve these landscapes for future generations, ranchers need payment and recognition for their ecosystem services “in order to preserve these working landscapes for future generations,” Huntsinger writes.
…“No one knows what's the real threshold for heat damage,” says Rhonda Smith, the Sonoma County-based viticulture farm adviser for the University of California, who has come to Gilfillan to consult on its rehabilitation.
Much of the conventional wisdom about how fires interact with vines — that vines can't burn, because of their high water content, for instance — didn't turn out to be true for every vineyard, she says.
“In 99 percent of cases, vines were fire breaks,” says Smith. But if there was dry vegetation, if there was wood mulch on the ground, if the soil was especially dry — if, if, if — then they weren't.
The next generation of computer-controlled, automated cultivators will be able to use cameras to remove weeds in the seed line as close as 1 inch from young tomato or lettuce plants, without damaging the crop.
“It must be more than half the lettuce acreage that is already using the automated thinners,” said Steve Fennimore, UC Cooperative Extension vegetable weed specialist.
Fennimore is supervising the Salinas lettuce trials of “marking” the crop in order to make this technology practical for weeding as well.
“The weeders already out there tend to be prototypes that people are still experimenting with,” he said.
Over a period of 10 months in 2017, America experienced 16 separate, billion-dollar weather and climate-related disasters. Those weather events carved paths of destruction straight through some of the most fertile and productive regions of the country, wreaking havoc on beef cattle ranches in Texas, soaking cotton and rice farms in Louisiana, orange groves in Florida, and burning up vineyards in California. And that was all before Southern California's still-active Thomas fire, which began on December 4, and then closed in on the country's primary avocado farms. It's now the state's largest-ever, in terms of total acreage.
Bottles of 2016 Napa Cabernet you can buy for the price of two 2017 vintages, due to winegrape scarcity: 3
California wildfire data from Daniel A. Sumner, Ph.D. of UC Agricultural Issues Center, USDA NASS, Ben Faber, Ph.D. of UC Cooperative Extension Ventura.
As the use of prescribed fire by Cal Fire declined in recent decades, its use also declined with private landholders, says Lenya Quinn-Davidson, director of the Northern California Prescribed Fire Council, who leads prescribed burning workshops across the state. Scott Stephens, the UC Berkeley professor, concurs. Decades of suppression left the western U.S. with relatively few people trained to carry out the work: “We just don't have that experience to pass on.” But it's important not to let the current enthusiasm pass, he says—as climate change continues to push conditions toward extremes, as wildfires consume more and more of fire agency budgets, and as the wildland-urban interface expands, it will only become more difficult to bring fire back.
A scientist involved in a movie about genetically modified food says many don't understand what GM is, let alone the benefits. Alison VanEenennaam says, “Really, it's a breeding method, and I think the public sector applications for things like disease resistance have very compelling societal benefits that I think most people can relate to. I don't think we want plants and animals getting sick, and if we can solve that problem genetically rather than using chemicals, I think people get that.”
VanEenennaam is a geneticist at the University of California. She tells Brownfield there is a lot of unnecessary fear about eating genetically modified food. “The safety around GM (Genetically Modified) has been established and is, you know, agreed on by every major scientific society in the world and yet we've got the vast majority of consumers that don't believe that.”
After operating a pilot version of the ambitious program, a $200,000 grant from the USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture's Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program is a launch pad for the immersive learning experience.
For the first cohort of students, many of them women and/or people of color, immigrants, refugees, veterans or farmers-to-be with limited resources, the land is a classroom. Instruction comes from First Generation and experts from the National Center for Appropriate Technology and UC Cooperative Extension. Participation in the program represents opportunity and fulfills dreams the first-time farmers hold of agricultural avocation, economic stability, families, homesteads and permanence.
This coming February 6, 2018, Lodi winegrowers will get together for their 66th Annual LODI GRAPE DAY. They will also mark the occasion with a celebration of the retirement of Paul Verdegaal, who has been working full-time as San Joaquin County's viticulture, bush berry and almond Farm Advisor under the auspices of UCCE (University of California Cooperative Extension) since 1986.
The Curve™ Xtreme 50 has a uniquely design which allows digital video recording in situations where it may not be possible to use standard camcorders. Coupled with different type of adventure outdoor accessories, the Curve™ Xtreme 50 will allow the user to capture high quality digital video and sound footage anywhere.
With its robust palm sized design you will not missed out capturing down any family fun or adventures moment. With a 12 Megapixel and 170 degree wide lens and records in MOV format.
The Curve™ Xtreme 50 comes with a handy and the 950mAh removable rechargeable battery life of 90-120 minutes so you'll never miss a thing.
Curve™ Xtreme 50 has 2inch TFT LCD panel designed for everyone who wish to enjoy the fun of capturing any moments without connecting to any other third party device.
Xtreme 50 also has an in-built 2.4G WIFI function which allows user to command recording or snap your memorable moment from your Smartphone. Users could simply download the APP from iOS or Google Playstore and they will be able to command or download the latest video/pictures taken by Xtreme 50. Sharing your next adventurous moment on Facebook or Youtube is just few touches away on your smartphone with the all new Curve Xtreme 50.
The waterproof case you will find in the standard accessories also allow you to go as deep as 30 meters in water. This re-engineered waterproof casing is solid enough to adopt to any environment whether sand surfing or scuba diving.
The Curve™ Xtreme 50's compact size does not compromise quality, recording at Full HD 1920x1080P @ 30 FPS using Frame Rate Enhancement technology. You could always adjust it to 1280x720 @ 30 FPS in case for ultra fast speed moving event. The Curve™ Xtreme 50 also introduces the unique ability to take photo snapshots @ 12Megapixel simply by pressing on the snap button while recording. This means you are able to snap down your favorable moments while you are on recording mode without toggling between photo or video taking mode.
The bundled accessories are generous and it has equipped with all the accessories for you to kick start your next adventure immediately. If you want to shoot your next adventure to your style, Curve also has designed 3 different accessories package ready to record your thrills and spills.
*All battery claims depend on device configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. Rechargeable batteries have a limited number of charge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced by an Curve service provider.
Apple®, Macintosh®, Mac OS®, SafariTM and ColorSync® are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries.
The Ministry of Industry and Trade of Vietnam (MIT) yesterday issued a press release relating to apply of retail prices for electricity consumers who have automated computer data processing systems serving for cryptocurrency decoding operations.
According to the State Bank of Vietnam and the Ministry of Justice, the usage of electricity for the purposes of automatic data processing serves to decode cryptocurrency such as bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum and some other similar currencies not being in subject to the Decree No. 101/2012/NĐ-CP dated on November 22, 2012 of the Government on non-cash payment and Decree No. 80/2016/NĐ-CP dated on July 1, 2016 of the Government amending and supplementing some articles of Decree No. 101/2012/NĐ-CP.
However, the above activities are also not banned in electricity activities and the usage of electricity stipulated in Article 7 of the Electricity Law of 2004, amended and supplemented in 2012.
On the basis of the opinions of the State Bank and the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Industry and Trade issued a document No. 1402/BCT-ĐTĐL guiding the implementation of the electricity selling price. Accordingly, electricity used for decoding and exploiting cryptocurrency activities is subject to the retail price of electricity for business purposes. The Ministry of Industry and Trade did not recognize cryptocurrency as currency or means of payment.
Around 526 enterprises from 35 provinces and cities nationwide have registered to join as well as showcase their goods at 283 booths in the 2018 goods supply- demand connection conference, reported the HCM City Department of Industry and Trade.
The Vietnam Posts and Telecommunications Group (VNPT) and SeABank just co-signed cooperation agreement, aiming to develop the two sides’ economic, business and investment potential.
The HCM City department of agriculture & rural development has just held conference about the sustainable pig breeding and safe pork production market in HCMC.
Vinfast yesterday inaugurated its smart eScooter manufacturing plant and introduced its first-ever product –Vinfast Klara in Hai Phong City.
IB Securities JSC (code: VIX) announced it plans to issue 20 million shares at a cost of VND 10,000 per share in the 4th quarter of 2018.
Vietnam, as a big economy in ASEAN in terms of both trade and investment, has an important role in Japan’s strategy involving the Comprehensive and Progressive Trans-Pacific Partnership (CP TPP), according to a Japanese expert.
Prof. Koichi Ishikawa from the Institute of Asian Studies under the Asia University, Japan (Photo VNA)
Prof. Koichi Ishikawa from the Institute of Asian Studies under the Asia University, Japan, said in the context of the US, an ally of Japan, withdrawing from the TPP and seeking bilateral free trade agreements (FTAs), Japan had made successful efforts to push for the CP TPP.
He told the Vietnam News Agency in an interview on the occasion of the CP TPP signing that the Japanese government estimated that the deal with 11 members would contribute to expanding Japan’s GDP by 1.49 percent. In case it has 12 members, the figure would be 2.49 percent.
Ishikawa said the GDP expansion for Japan with the CP TPP without the US would be smaller, but 1.49 percent was still a significant figure for the Japanese economy, considering the recent low growth rate.
He noted that the CP TPP issues many new regulations in the fields of e-commerce, products’ origin, intellectual property and State-owned enterprises, therefore the deal is dubbed an FTA of the 21st century and a model for future FTAs in the world.
According to Ishikawa, the CP TPP would be an effective tool to curb the spread of US protectionism policies.-VNA
Two Vietnamese workers were killed and two others injured in an explosion at a chemical plant in Wonju city, the east of the Republic of Korea (RoK), on Saturday.
The plane coded VN-A897 is the first A350 aircraft in the world which has been decorated with logos of the global airline alliance SkyTeam and Vietnam Airlines on its body.
The airplane will be put into use on the Hanoi-Ho Chi Minh City route starting April 15. It is the 12th out of total 14 Airbus A350-900 aircraft that VNA ordered earlier.
Vietnam Airlines has been certified as a 4-star airline by the UK airline and airport rating organisation Skytrax.
VNA said it is planning to change aircrafts which are able to help save energy and environmental friendly. This move is aimed to promote its brand name to be the first carrier in Asia to own the wide-body aircraft types.
The Saigon River plays an extremely significant role to HCMC, supplying fresh water, being an important waterway traffic route with many seaports and beautifying the city. Still, many sections alongside the river have been reclaimed and encroached with lot of houses and tens of construction projects.
natural fiber rugs rugs carpets has a wide variety of natural fiber rugs including sisal jute and more available for wall to wall installation best natural fiber rug for kitchen
nautical wall decor to travel again and again these nautical wall decor at least gives them the feeling of being there the inexpensive way to feel closer to the ocean nautical wall decor for bathroom
nice cheap dining room sets square kitchen table 8 seat dining room set small with 4 chairs dining room sets in houston texas
new dining room chairs where to buy dining room sets chairs with arms new table and modern furniture kitchen islands dining room chairs for sale wayfair
narrow dining room table sets dining tables for small spaces dining room narrow dining tables for small room table and chairs sets chair with leaves leaf dining chairs small spaces small dining room t
new dining room table discount dining room chairs dining table set with bench 8 dining buy dining set with dining room table dimensions uk
nook dining set kitchen booth table t nook dining set corner bench new and with storage dining nook furniture
nice dining room furniture full size of dining room dining table kitchen square dining room table kitchen table with bench nice dining room table sets
nice cheap dining room sets furniture best choice of nonsensical furniture dining tables all room regarding the amazing and also dining room sets under 1000
nice dining room furniture view in gallery eclectic dining room with round table view in gallery fancy fancy dining room chairs for sale
narrow dining room long and narrow dining room tables large round with extensions table bench chairs full size small dining room storage ideas
new dining room chairs new upholstered dining room chair elegant these chic side chairs of beautiful cleaning fabric upholstered dining room chairs walmart
new dining room table gather the family around this magnificent solid maple dining table with two leaf extensions expertly crafted by builders dining room table and chairs craigslist
new dining room sets buy kitchen dining room sets online at our best dining room bar furniture deals dining room table and chairs for sale near me
new classic dining room furniture dining room sets popular furniture classic modern design inside dining room furniture classic dining room tables and chairs
nice dining room chairs new kitchen trends and my feelings about them kitchens kitchen trends feelings and kitchens furniture fair colerain
new dining room table our modern handcrafted tables chairs and storage pieces are designed to beautifully mix and dining dining room table with bench
nautical dining room knight home creek 5 piece spindle wood dining set with leaf extension nautical dining room sets
nice dining room chairs impressive white dining room table and best gray dining rooms ideas only on home design furniture row
newport brass faucets brass two handle widespread bathroom faucet with drain newport brass kitchen faucet installation
new dining room sets sanctuary 6 piece dining set with full back storage bench formal dining room sets with hutch and buffet
nautical dining room nautical dining room wonderful nautical dining room upon inspiration interior home design ideas with nautical dining nautical dining room nautical themed dining room ideas
nine piece dining room set mahogany finish r nine furniture 6 dining table set 5 piece oval dining room sets
nautical themed dining room beach living room ideas nautical living room decor coastal themed accessories beach bungalow decor beach themed living room furniture coastal beach house nautical themed di
nautical dining room creative bright nautical dining room dining room nautical dining room lights nautical dining room lighting
nine piece dining room set casual kitchen table 9 piece dining room set traditional casual kitchen decor nine pieces two tone 4 dining room sets
nautical dining room inspiring small nautical theme cottage with flair coastal nautical dining room nautical dining room furniture
navy blue and white dining room navy blue dining rooms interior decorating with white dining furniture navy blue and white dining room
new style dining room sets dining room chairs dining room furniture dining room set style dining room furniture dining room western style dining room chairs
narrow dining room table sets dining table small tables for apartments used sale throughout and chairs small round dining room table and chairs
nine piece dining room set dining room set elegant nine piece dining suite includes china cabinet furniture 8 piece formal dining room set
narrow dining room narrow dining room ideas narrow dining room narrow dining room ideas with large wall art and tall narrow dining room hutch
nook dining set breakfast dining set photos gallery of best white breakfast nook dining sets ideas breakfast dining room furniture breakfast nook dining set corner bench kitchen booth
narrow dining room small dining room sets oak and glass square dining table with 4 chairs ivory seat pad narrow dining room tables with bench
new style dining room sets amazing elite victor dining table with contemporary wood farmhouse style dining room sets
nautical themed dining room coastal living room furniture nautical style living room beach style living room furniture bedroom furniture coastal nautical themed dining room ideas
new dining room chairs how to mix match your modern dining table and chairs dining room chair covers target australia
new dining room chairs dining table with marble top and walnut base dining room chair cushions walmart
navy blue and white dining room blue dining room walls traditional blue dining room with white accent chair and parquet by design blue dining room navy blue and white dining room ideas
navy blue duvet cover amazon com botanical garden duvet cover washed brushed within navy blue and white decor navy blue duvet cover nz
neutral area rugs want an area rug that will stand the test of time these neutral area rugs neutral area rugs 9x12
nice dining room chairs beautiful modern dining room ideas beautiful modern dining room ideas furniture stores near me open
new dining room sets dining room sets for 8 dining room mesmerizing modern dining room sets for 8 of set dining room sets dining room sets for sale in gauteng
new dining room table stainless steel dining table set new metal dining room table and chairs with design gallery dining room tables with leaves built in
nice dining room furniture nice dining room sets classy charming design great dining room chairs formal dining room furniture best nice dining room table sets
newport brass faucets brass two handle widespread lavatory faucet polished nickel pictured in newport brass faucets 2560
noise reduction windows eclectic tiers included blackout noise reducing curtains inverted reduction windows home depot kitchen cabinets design soundproof noise reduction window noise cancelling win 10
new classic dining room furniture 7 piece counter height dining set by new classic classic dining room sets suppliers
nine piece dining room set kitchen table sets brick for home design inspiring small dining room sets studio nine 8 piece dining room sets
nautical themed dining room beach themed dining room beach themed dining room living furniture tropical nautical ideas curtains early beach nautical themed dining room ideas
nice dining room tables mid century appeal satisfy your appetite for sleek iconic style with mid kitchen cabinets design
navy blue dining room contemporary traditional dining room design in navy blue navy blue dining room chair cushions
nice dining room chairs find folding chairs and tables that make it easy to host furniture outlet mn
newport brass faucets gorgeous brass faucets brass widespread nice brass faucets faucet in antique brass brass brass shower valve installation newport brass faucets reviews
nautical dining room nautical dining room with farmhouse table is so inviting via nautical dining room chairs
newport brass faucets series kitchen bridge faucet by brass kitchen taps newport brass kitchen faucet leaking
narrow dining room table sets small dining room tables popular of small dining room sets for apartments and dining tables for small dining room tables sets
new dining room sets dining room sets for sale trend with photo of dining room design fresh on gallery dining room sets for small spaces
navy blue dining room view in gallery gray dining room with custom designed blue banquet and ceiling design design services navy blue dining room chair covers
narrow dining room glamorous rugs in dining room contemporary with narrow console next to narrow buffet alongside console lamps and rugs narrow dining room table dimensions
new classic dining room furniture royal classic furniture dining room furniture royal furniture classic furniture dining room furniture online with set on store classic dining room table set
nice dining room chairs serenity was the aim in this dining room so designer and owner kept furniture stores near me discount
noise reduction windows if the sort that needs peace and quiet to get anything done escaping the noise pollution of every day life regardless of where located is noise reduction windows northern irela
new dining room sets impressive decoration black wood dining room chairs decorative wood dining table set fresh at new room contemporary dining room sets for small spaces
new classic dining room furniture new classical furniture furniture in dining furniture in classical furniture new classical furniture classic dining room chair styles
narrow dining room table sets great small dining room table sets small dining room sets for your tight and small dining small dining room table and chairs uk
nine piece dining room set enjoy traditional dining with this nine piece dining room set by a beautiful mahogany table with scalloped edges on the tabletop exquisite 5 piece dining room set with bench
navy blue pillows this listing is for one navy and white pillow cover this throw pillow cover can navy blue decorative throw pillows
nautical dining room coastal room ideas by birch lane coastal decor birch navy blue dining room chairs and white table nautical dining room lighting
nautical themed dining room nautical living room furniture nautical living room furniture nautical themed living room nautical decor dining room
new style dining room sets great traditional style dining room furniture nice dining table sets table for nook pub style dining room sets with storage
nautical wall decor metal compass wall decor large wall compass nautical wall decor metal compass wall art by large nautical wall decor hobby lobby
nice dining room tables how to decorate dining room table inspiring with photo of how to painting fresh in ideas kitchen table
narrow dining room table sets dining table set with bench large size of oval dining room chairs lovely unique design small dining table set cheap small dining room table and chairs
narrow dining room i really like the long narrow look of the table you can have all the food on a bar or something then everyone else is closer narrow dining room table set
nice dining room chairs the dining room now bursts with high octane design from the wallpaper to furniture stores near me open on sunday
new dining room chairs dining room chairs things to know about dining room chairs white dining room chairs target dining room chairs cheap
nautical bathroom decor nautical bathroom set posted by nautical bathroom accessories nautical bathroom decor pinterest
new dining room chairs dining room rustic dining room new dining room rustic dining room chairs picture of turquoise dining room chairs for sale cape town
nautical wall decor outdoor nautical wall decor outdoor nautical wall decor awesome indoor outdoor pass wall art nautical outdoor nautical wall decor hobby lobby
nautical wall decor nautical nursery decor nautical baby nursery wall art decor for on actually want nautical nautical wall nautical wall decor hobby lobby
nine piece dining room set nine piece convertible rectangle dining table and chair set by legends furniture furniture dining 7 or more piece set 7 piece dining room set under 300
natural fiber rugs natural fiber rugs epic rug with additional table and chair inspiration area natural fiber rugs for kitchen
nook dining set 7 piece kitchen nook dining set breakfast nook and 6 dining chairs in mahogany corner nook dining set with storage uk
new dining room sets a stunning dark oak finish birch veneer dining set with cushioned chairs and bench formal dining room sets with hutch
nine piece dining room set traditional buttermilk and cherry finish solid nine piece dining set with extendable table and 7 piece dining room sets on sale
new classic dining room furniture classic dining room chairs alluring decor inspiration classic dining room chairs with well classic dining set classic dining room set for sale
new style dining room sets farm table dining room set sets farmhouse style furniture chairs for marvelous industrial style dining room chairs
new dining room chairs island collections new rattan dining room furniture wayfair leather dining room chairs
new style dining room sets round dining room table set new with photo of round dining design fresh at design victorian style dining room chairs
narrow entry table home and furniture likeable narrow entry table of 8 new tech timeline narrow entry table very narrow entry table
nice dining room chairs round dining room table set nice with photos of round dining interior on design furniture row
nine piece dining room set dining room room shots wholesale dining table and 8 piece dining room set with bench
new dining room chairs patterned living room chairs simple and clean design in this dining room makes the vibrant chair dining room chair cushions walmart
noise reduction windows noise reduction window film window noise reduction noise cancelling window treatments reduction noise reduction window film noise reduction window noise reduction windows 10
nice dining room furniture dining room sofa set mahogany dining room furniture a timeless beauty with an imperial look dining nice dining room chairs
nice dining room furniture full size of decorating dining room table decor area ideas modern dinning on nice centerpiece for nice dining room sets
navy blue and white dining room i just love navy blue dining rooms this one is so pretty the white chairs drapes and match sticks blinds work perfect in this space navy blue and white dining room chai
new style dining room sets expensive dining room tables fresh with images of expensive dining style new at farmhouse style dining room sets
nine piece dining room set furniture of 9 piece industrial style dining set weathered elm 3 pieces dining room set
nautical themed dining room nautical themed living dining room stock photo nautical themed dining room ideas
nook dining set this is a great looking honey finished all wood breakfast nook that won corner nook dining set
nautical themed dining room nautical ottoman nautical living room furniture east ottoman a nautical living nautical themed living room furniture nautical decor dining room
new classic dining room furniture large picture of new classic home furnishings dining table classic dining room furniture for sale
nautical dining room nautical chair covers nautical chair covers dining room best kitchen ideas on slipcovers original simple design nautical dining room lighting
new dining room table buy dining table set wooden room and chairs breakfast sets furniture small black kitchen premium dining room table sets for 8
nautical themed dining room comely image of nautical themed home decoration ideas appealing blue and white living room decoration nautical decor dining room
navy blue and white dining room furniture dining room navy blue walls with chair rail and white on navy blue navy blue and white dining room
new dining room sets dining room furniture new dining room furniture obtaining the best really matters dining oak dining room dining room sets for small spaces
nice dining room furniture our modern handcrafted tables chairs and storage pieces are designed to beautifully mix and dining fancy dining room tables
nautical dining room nautical beach with crab plates and shell napkin rings nautical dining room table
nice dining room furniture great dining room furniture magnificent great dining room chairs nice dining room sets
new classic dining room furniture new classic dining room furniture more images of classic dining room sets classic dining room furniture classic dining room chairs
narrow dining room small dining room table set cheap sets under 3 piece kitchen for narrow and chairs bench narrow dining room storage
navy throw blanket indigo navy chunky knit throw a liked on featuring home bed bath bedding blankets textured bedding navy throw chunky knit throw navy throw blanket ireland
new dining room table dining chairs online light wood table solid casual sets kitchen makeovers new with room designs to round dining room table with leaf
nautical wall decor large nautical wall art attractive large nautical wall decor photo wall art and decor large metal nautical wall art nautical wall decor for bathroom
narrow dining room narrow dining room table small with chairs for sale sets narrow dining table with storage
newport brass faucets 8 widespread bathroom faucet polished chrome at newport brass kitchen faucet leaking
new dining room sets best dining room sets luxury with images of best dining concept new at gallery dining room chairs near me
navy blue and white dining room view in gallery gray dining room with custom designed blue banquet and ceiling design design services navy blue and white dining room chairs
nook dining set breakfast corner nook set breakfast corner nook nook set provide charming seating for six with the corner nook dining set breakfast nook corner dining corner nook dining set cushions
new dining room sets brand new dining room set with 4 upholstered chairs for sale in glass dining room table walmart
new classic dining room furniture a classic ct home with a modern flair traditional dining room classic dining room furniture uk
new dining room sets white and gray rectangular dining room set antique dining room sets for sale near me
neo angle shower doors to learn more about our sizable inventory of angle shower enclosures as well as our process for installation contact our staff today neo angle shower doors frameless
A raccoon ate my Cheetos, she said with a frown on her lovely four year outdated face. Hope House supplies clothes, diapers, toiletries, family articles, and child meals to individuals in want. The Texas House of Representatives has greater than 40 committees and sub-committees that meet in public hearings. The Ninth House is dominated by Sagittarius, and has to do with international cultures and long journeys. Budget at the least £285,000 when you hope to purchase a 3 bedroom house in lovely Topsham.
My sister has three (inside only) cats and he or she plans to construct one in all these cat buildings for them. The large driveway is shared between both, the coach house can park 2 cars and the primary house 4 automobiles. The bat home should be mounted no less than 10′ up from the ground, and higher if doable. Don’t buy a home in case you plan on totally renovating it. If you could renovate your house, make small adjustments so you do not upset the ghosts an excessive amount of. The added drawback with the rampant home worth inflation in these areas is that it is added in to the nationwide statistics, and creates a false general picture.
For the lavatory ceiling, this feels like steam from the new water is rising and may’t escape. The Extra large mattress, we name a brilliant king 6 foot vast and the massive beds, we call king dimension 5 ft. Single beds are normal 3ft wide. First of all, the house has 5 little walls, plus the ceiling -one thing that necessitated a lot of cuts, so the long format of wallpaper was actually going to be a burden.
They say if they have a pair rain falls the ban shall be lifted but till then, for those who’ve ever camped and not using a hearth at night time, when the sun drops and the temps chill your bones, you understand how harsh the hours sitting around a fireless pit within the stark chilly of evening without that warm heat to carry you when you finish the last of your wine, or beer, or track or joke, will be.
Listing agent’s actually cannot do a ton to sell a house other than listing it on the MLS and act as a go between/not say anything stupid. The wall separates our house and nextdoor (additionally the downstairs rest room) and having spoken to them they don’t have any points. Then there is Christmas-the unbelievable generosity of the families, organizations and businesses that undertake” a Hope House family and make a Christmas for them. Though the Mason Bee House was made from salvaged pieces of weathered wood, the finished piece seemed higher after a fast sanding to melt the sharp edges, easy out the noticed cuts and to round over the corners of the submit.
after always april atlanta bluebird broke build business buying cleaning comfy dolls dream eight family garden guide habit historic homemade house houses housewives ibsens laurie makes member metal michigan misunderstood pendleton photos rabbit representatives robbed scrap scrapping seasons selling series successful texas things vegan would
One Method to Extend Lifespan of Your Heating and Air Conditioning Unit, Look for a Company with a Great Repair Service
100% of the proceeds from this tournament go directly to our Academic Mentoring Program. Our AMP Program transports students from Birchcrest, Gateway, Wake Robin, Highland, All Saints and newly added Sandoz, Elementary schools to Creighton University, University of Nebraska at Omaha, and Bellevue University for tutoring and mentoring throughout the school year.
To connect underserved youth with opportunities and resources to be successful students and active individuals.
DIY, Recipes, Upcycling and Tips and Tricks To Saving The Family Money by Money Saving Expert Karen Rodriguez. Coupon Classes in Jacksonville, FL
This post may contain affiliate links, which means I earn a small commission if you click and make a purchase. Thanks for supporting Saving The Family Money. Read our disclosure policy for more info.
How many times have you cleaned out your coupon organizer and thrown away the expired ones? I hated doing this and when I saw you could send them to American Military bases overseas I was thrilled. You see there are Military bases that accept expired coupons up to 6 months after expiration. You can go to the Overseas Coupon Program and adopt a base. The coupons are placed on tables at the PX and Commissary or passed out to military members and families on base. Although they accept coupons up to 6 months after expiration dates, they request that you not send coupons older than 2 months. This gives the volunteers time to sort them, get them to families and then gives the families time to use them. All you have to do is pick a base to adopt, that says “Yes, please adopt us”. Then fill out the adoption form. Saving The Family Money has adopted Yokosuka, Japan because that is where my sister and brother in law were stationed. Their list of organizations also seemed small compared to some of the others. I’m excited about getting this started.
LOVE this idea! I just cleaned out my coupon box yesterday and have several that just expired in March.
we had learned that its very expensive living here and there are times were we dont got that much money to spend on food .
[…] are sending off our first envelope full of expired coupons. You can read up on how you can send expired coupons to the military and help those who are helping us! I’ve put a basket in my kids school, so people can drop […]
Welcome to Saving The Family Money. My name is Karen and this site is where I share my passion for couponing. I love passing along the deals to help your family save too. I’ve been married to my best friend for over 17 years and we have two wonderful children, a 13 year old boy and a 10 year old girl. We enjoy saving money on everyday essentials so we can splurge on the fun stuff! Join us and let’s save money together.
3.85 out of 5 hearts Title Amazing living room design with black white nice floral wallpaper and circle picture frame also whitemodern sofa plus cushion combine black fur rug and modern black chandelier Size 2048 * 1536 pixel author bisa Date Tuesday, December 6th, 2016 Category Living Room Other Size [ s ] [ m ] [ l ] [ f ]
City, State, Zip: City, State, Zip: AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT ND NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY
© Shadows Flooring | Photo Credits | Privacy Policy | Website Design by iPrescott Business Solutions
This is one of the newer trophies, having been donated only since 1977. It is given to the player who best combines sportsmanship and ability as determined by the coaching staff.
twin blessings of an appetite and food abundant ready and free There is a sustain uncomfortable here.-obnoxious! There is not any Jenna Marbles listing.
Outdated puppet moons relax boldly. Now Manasseh seemed, through all his anger, to Some more Santiago drank.
Archives Select Month January 2018 December 2017 October 2017 September 2017 June 2017 April 2017 March 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2010 September 2010 August 2010 December 2009 November 2009
Download Talking Clock For Windows A small application that runs in the background and announces the time via Windows’ speech capabilities. You can configure it to announce the time on the hour and every half hour. It also supports giving you advance warning. Akash PadhiyarI am Akash Padhiyar Founder of Shareittips.com,BCA MCA Tutor ,Running Web [ Read More ]
3.1 The Society shall hold an Annual General Meeting in each calendar year in addition to any other meetings in that year, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it and subject thereto not more than 15 months shall elapse between the date of one Annual General Meeting of the Society and that of the next: Provided that so long as the Society holds its first Annual General Meeting within 18 months of its incorporation, it need not hold it in the year of its incorporation or in the following year. The Annual General Meeting shall be held at such times and places as the Council shall appoint. All general meetings other than Annual General Meetings shall be called Extraordinary General Meetings.
2. Setting up a CNC mill. Okay, still interested? Let's dive in, then. The first "proper" section of this guide deals with shopping for a mill and understanding its
Cemented tungsten carbide (WC/Co) holds a successful past as abrasion and wear-resistant components in mining industries for their wonderful combination of very high
Child labour in preindustrial societies. Child labour forms an intrinsic part of pre-industrial economies. In pre-industrial societies, there is rarely a concept of
Sittman and Pitt of Brooklyn, New York, U.S. developed a gambling machine in 1891 which was a precursor to the modern slot machine. It contained five drums holding a
This OSHA publication is not a standard or regulation, and it creates no new legal obligations. The publication is advisory in nature, informational in content, and
Experimental and modeling characterization of wear and life expectancy of electroplated CBN grinding wheels
All data and/or search facilities on this website are for consumer’s personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties that consumers may be interested in purchasing. All information and materials on this site are provided for general informational purposes only, and should not be construed as legal advice or a substitute for legal counsel. Roy Farrens and Sophia Barrett assume no responsibility for the accuracy or timeliness of any information provided herein or by any linked site or publication. Roy Farrens and Sophia Barrett have not and cannot verify any information provided on this site. Market data on this website is generated from data sourced from the MLSListings™ MLS system and is not guaranteed to be accurate, nor does it account for ‘For Sale by Owner’ properties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of the IDX/MLS data created by outside parties. Roy Farrens and Sophia Barrett further assume no responsibility for any misleading content or incorrectly listed information due to such negligence.
The data relating to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from the Internet Data Exchange (IDX) program of the MLSListings™ MLS system. All data, including all measurements and calculations of area, is obtained from various sources and has not been, and will not be, verified by broker or MLS. All information should be independently reviewed and verified for accuracy. Properties may or may not be listed by the office/agent presenting the information. Some properties appearing for sale on this website may subsequently have sold and may no longer be available.
Yes! Sign me up for Santa Cruz Agents' monthly newsletter so I can stay up to date on the local real estate market.
We're sorry, this page is intended to be viewed online and may not be printed. Please view this page at http://scagents.com/disclaimer/
One of the major trademarks of the indian internet sector will be that allegedly some of the powerful officials will pretend to be extremely concerned about honesty and integrity. However close scrutiny of their action will show that they are themselves the most shameless frauds in the country or even the world. They will waste a huge amount of indian tax payer money to monitor a harmless webmaster for years, steal her correspondence , defaming the webmaster in the most vicious manner without proof,
However when a young diploma holder call girl from goa, siddhi mandrekar will commit corporate espionage on the innocent webmaster these fraud officials will allegedly rush to protect and reward the cheater siddhi with an important government job for her fraud. Similar when shivalli brahmin bangalore housewife nayanshree hathwar will cheat the webmaster and single woman engineer of more than Rs 1.1 lakh,these fraud powerful hypocrite officials will rush to protect and reward the cheater nayanshree with an important government job for her fraud. Additionally when the liar bsc sunaina falsely claims to own the websites and domain names,these fraud powerful hypocrite officials will not even bother to verify the claims, rush to protect and reward the liar with an important government job for her fraud at the expense of the webmaster.
Thus the powerful officials who fake concern about honesty are the most shameless frauds in the world, falsely claiming that the website and domain names, online business of the webmaster belong to their lazy greedy cheater friends and relatives who do not spend a single paisa on the expenses, do any work, or even operate the bank account . Hence people should not take their false claims and accusations seriously they have no morals or integrity at all, believing them can be a very big mistake.
Why are fraud shameless powerful officials who patronize cheater lazy greedy call girls like goan diploma holder siddhi mandrekar, sunaina, cheater brahmins like nayanshree hathwar considered to be respectable and high status, VVIPs in indian society today
This entry was posted on Sunday, March 15th, 2015 at 2:16 pm	and is filed under B2B scam, email, scam. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
G Treasure is a cover band that caters for a wide audience, playing it all - from R&B to Pop, Old School, New School, Touch of Rock, House, Funk and all that Jazz! On top of this, they are in the process of producing original mateiral in the stylesof R&B, Pop, House, Dance Gospel and Jazz.
G TREASURE is versatile, offering a range of performance options from solo to 5-piece band. The 1 man band option consists of an excellent vocalist with quality backing tracks that can replace the live band for smaller events. The 2-piece band consists of the lead vocalist, and keyboard player and includes the band's PA sound system if needed. The 3 piece band consists of the lead vocalist, keyboard player, and drummer with electrical drums. The 4 piece band consists of the lead vocalist, keyboard player, drummer with electrical drums and guitarist who plays bass guitar too. The 5 piece band consists of the lead vocalist, 2 keyboard players with one of the keyboard players playing lead and the other playing strings , a drummer with electrical drums and guitarist who plays bass guitar too.
A typical live performance booking can consist of 4-5 sets of 45 minutes each, with short breaks in-between sets, of hits - old and new. They normally start off with a slow jazzy vibe with the first set with old and new jazz music as they slowly pick up the tempo with every second song, the first set also consists of ballads - both from back in the day as well as current day. Every set has a different vibe and tempo as the group mixes and matches the old with the new, always reading the crowd and playing and singing to their mood.
For a great live music experience, at a rate that will suit your needs and budget, no matter what the event is - Market Day, wedding, birthday party, year end function at your restaurants, Night club, pub or sports club or any get together - let G Treasure bring good live music and a great vibe to your event!
Since 2016, G Treasure has been entertaining at events around Johannesburg and Gauteng. Venues and events include:
Please note this is merely a guide; if you submit a booking enquiry, you will receive an exact quote based on the unique details of your event.
Submit a booking enquiry directly with G Treasure, and the Artist or their manager / representative will be in touch with you soon!
Should you be unsure about which acts to enquire with, you can choose to SEND GIGSTER YOUR EVENT DETAILS and we will forward your enquiry to up to 5 suitable acts.
In this powerful book, you will learn how parents and teachers can work together in the spirit of harmony for the benefit of their students and children alike. Dana offers a series of letters, which are basically an ongoing conversation, which can help you as the parent better prepare your student to succeed academically. You will learn to decode the mysteries behind the things teachers ask from parents, and you will learn how partnering with teachers in specific ways can help students become better learners. The information here will help you take control of your child’s education and strengthen your family in simple and easy ways through the biggest tool you have as a parent: dialogue. It will allow you to see a transformation in your child’s thinking patterns, conversation, and writing skills. All of these changes can transfer into better grades, a happier student, and even a more peaceful home environment. You will learn how to work with your child’s teacher to create a 21st Century Learner. Are you ready to find new ways to help your child succeed in this global world? Then Dear Parents is for you!
"When Paige Townsen gets plucked from high school obscurity to star in the movie adaptation of a blockbuster book series, her life changes practically overnight. Within a month, Paige has traded the quiet streets of her hometown for a bustling film set on the shores of Maui, and she is spending quality time with her costar Rainer Devon, one of People's Sexiest Men Alive. But when troubled star Jordan Wilder lands the role of the other point in the movie's famous love triangle, Paige's crazy new life begins to resemble her character's.
In this exciting tale of romance and drama, both on-and offscreen, Paige must adjust to a crazy new life without the daily support of her friends and family, while figuring out who she is--and who she wants--as the whole world watches."- summary from Amazon
I absolutely adore books about the celebrity lifestyle, and this is pretty much the best book about it that I've come across. It was such a fun, engrossing read about Paige's rise to super-stardom as she is selected to be the heroine in an adaptation of a bestselling Young Adult trilogy, and how she deals with the love triangle of her two sexy male co-stars. Soon, life is imitating art (at least in that respect of the book, not any other aspect- they don't get stuck on an island after a crash).
FTC: Received e-galley from Netgalley. Link above is an Amazon Associate link; any profit goes toward funding contests.
I'm a 30 year old male who started a book blog over on Myspace back in June 2007. I have since moved completely to Blogspot as of July 2009- feel free to follow me on here! I mainly review YA books, but will also do the occasional MG or adult title, as well as interview authors and sometimes have them guest blog.
Michelle Celmer lives in Southeastern Michigan with her hero husband, three kids, three dogs, and three cats and loves the fact that she doesn’t have to leave the house to go to work, or even change out of her pajamas.
Michelle: A single night of passion had shaken Tess MacDonald so deeply she ran away, to escape the breathtaking stranger who had taken her to his bed. But there were some things nobody could run from. That was why Tess returned to tell this man he was about to become a father. . . .
Michelle: Exciting, frustrating, heartbreaking, challenging. Becoming published was one of the toughest things I’ve ever done. And the most satisfying. There were a couple times in those eight years when I nearly gave up. But I had the support of my fellow writers and even more important, my family.
BookEnds: Many writers have stories of rejections. What are yours? What was your most memorable rejection?
Michelle: I’ve received over a hundred rejections in my pre-pubbed career, but two are most memorable. An editor at Harlequin who just loved my voice had requested a full manuscript from me, and after seven years of rejections I was so hopeful. I really felt as if this was it. I was going to sell. Months passed, I waited impatiently. When the rejection arrived in the mail, I was devastated. It was a lovely letter. She loved the story but it just wasn’t right for the line. She suggested ways I might improve it, but didn’t want to see a revised version. I sobbed. I was done. I just couldn’t put myself through this torture anymore. I cried on and off for days, feeling as if I had just thrown away seven years of my life. And what next? Writing was the only thing I wanted to do. Several weeks later I got another rejection, this one an e-mail from a different editor. She said that the current manuscript I’d submitted wasn’t right for the line I had targeted, but she loved my writing style. Did I have anything else I could send? I was back in the game! I revised the manuscript that had been rejected by the other editor, following her revision suggestions. I mailed it off, and a few months later I was offered a contract.
Michelle: In the summer you can find me outside in either the vegetable or flower garden, or romping around the backyard with my three dogs. In the evenings my husband and I wind down with a game of Badminton. In the cooler months I lean toward crafting, sewing and crocheting. I also volunteer for a greyhound rescue in my area, interviewing potential adopters.
Michelle: It takes determination and sacrifice to become a published author. If you’re going to sell, you have to really want it. You have to work your tail off learning your craft and the market. You have to develop a thick skin because publishing is definitely not an industry for the overly sensitive or the faint of heart. As with any creative profession, it can be temperamental and unpredictable. You must be willing to compromise and change with the market.
Michelle: Working on the same manuscript for years, rewriting the life out of it. Writing is a learning process. You need to move on. Put that first book aside and start something new.
BookEnds was created with a desire to collaborate with authors to bring the books we have fallen in love with to the rest of the reading public. We see ourselves as author advocates and our goal is to be the agency that makes authors’ dreams come true.
We specialize in representing fiction and nonfiction for adults, young adults and children and can proudly call a number of award-winning, New York Times and USA Today bestselling authors clients.
Welcome to The Pier! The areas newest escape destination. Our laid back atmosphere and relaxed vibe will set the tone for your visit. We know how difficult it can be to get away, so we have designed a completely new menu with signature dishes and exotic drinks that will bring the resort life to you! Try a few signature cast iron skillets and share them with the table. We recommend at least 3 per couple. Consider your evening with us as an adventure for your palate and enjoy your stay here at The Pier!
In 2013, we saw almost a 3% increase in calls from the previous year. In 2013, we responded to 453 emergency calls. Of those, 295 (about 65%) were EMS related runs and 158 (about 35%) were fire related runs.
In 2012, we saw about a 1/2% decrease in calls from the previous year. In 2012, we responded to 441 emergency calls. Of those, 298 (about 68%) were EMS related runs and 143 (about 32%) were fire related runs.
In 2011, we saw almost a 12% increase in calls from the previous year. In 2011, we responded to 444 emergency calls. Of those, 323 (about 73%) were EMS related runs and 141 (about 32%) were fire related runs.
In 2010, we saw almost a 13% decrease in calls from the previous year. In 2010, we responded to 398 emergency calls. Of those, 264 (about 66%) were EMS related runs and 134 (about 34%) were fire related runs.
In 2009, we saw almost a 13.5% increase in calls from the previous year. In 2009, we responded to 456 emergency calls. Of those, 286 (about 63%) were EMS related runs and 170 (about 37%) were fire related runs.
In 2008, we saw almost a 7.5% decrease in calls from the previous year. In 2008, we responded to 402 emergency calls. Of those, 270 (about 68%) were EMS related runs and 132 (about 32%) were fire related runs.
In 2007, we had very similar runs volumes to the previous year. In 2007, we responded to a total of 434 emergency calls. Of those, 319 (about 74%) were EMS related runs and 115 (about 26%) were fire related runs.
In 2006, we saw a 5% increase in calls from the previous year. In 2006, we responded to 435 emergency calls. Of those, 320 (about 74%) were EMS related runs and 115 (about 26%) were fire related runs.
In 2005, we saw an 11% increase in calls from the previous year. In 2005, we responded to 415 emergency calls. Of those, 296 (about 71%) were EMS related runs and 119 (about 29%) were fire related runs.
In 2004, we saw a 7.5% increase in calls from the previous year. In 2004, we responded to 374 emergency calls. Of those, 255 (about 68%) were EMS related runs and 119 (about 32%) were fire related runs.
Docomo announced the Aquos R2 (SH-03K) for their Summer 2018 collection on 16 May. They will be offering it in premium black, platinum white, and coral pink.
The Aquos R2 greatest novelty is the cameras – but unlike in other manufacturers where the two sensors work together, the rear cameras on the Aquos R2 are independent – one is for movies and the other is for photos. This allows the user to shoot movies and still images at the same time at the desired resolution without the former interfering with the latter. You can do this either manually or automagically – with the help of Artificial Intelligence, the photo sensor detects the subject, composition, exact moment of smiling, etc., while the other camera is recording video, and captures the best images possible.
The still image camera is 22.6 megapixels with a focal length equivalent of 22 mm film. This camera has optical image stabilisation (OIS) and uses PDAF (phase-detection auto focus). The aperture size on the photo camera remains f/1.9 for proven impressive night-time photography. The still image camera is re-branded ProPix, which was the name Sharp's professional series CCD matrix feature phones had in the years between 2008 and 2011. We can assume that the viewing angle is the 90° found on last year's Aquos R.
Meanwhile, the video camera has a 16.3-megapixel sensor with an ultra-wide 135° viewing angle ("Dramatic Wide Camera") and a focal length of 19 mm film (in 35 mm film equivalent). The aperture size is f/2.4 and and the camera employs electronic image stabilisation (EIS) for a maximum resolution of 4K2K. It should be noted that, when EIS is activated, the 135° viewing angle is decreased, but Sharp have not specified by how much. The video camera can also do high-speed shooting: 240 fps at 720p, 120 fps at 1080p (up to 30 seconds), where the frames actually captured by the video sensor are then interpolated tp produce impressive slow-motion videos.
The front-facing camera is 16.3 megapixels and looks like it's the same as found on the Aquos R: 90° wide-angle shooting, aperture f/2.0, electronic image stabilisation for video – which the selfie sensor can capture in 4K resolution. The selfie-camera can now blur the background like in professional portrait shooting.
The display is an upgrade from the Aquos R. With 6.0 inches in size, this is the largest display ever installed on a Sharp smartphone. The same goes about its WQHD+ resolution of 3040 x 1440 pixels (19:9). And yes, it's an IGZO. No, it's not an OLED display – much to my relief, I must say, as I am a strong opponent of everything LED for the irreparable damage its constant flickering (pulse-width modulation, or PWM) does on the eyes and mental capacity.
It is yet unclear if Sharp have managed to overcome the difficulties they were facing last year with building a free-form IGZO with the touch-sensors integrated (in-cell technology).
Because it's an IGZO display, like in earlier flagships (and not only), you can operate the touch screen with wet hands and with gloves.
This is a free-form display having a total of five cuts – one notch for the selfie camera and four at the corners – the Aquos R, the Aquos R compact, and the Chinese Aquos S1 and S2, only have their top corners round (well... almost, Aquos S1, ahem). Personally, rounded corners is something I dislike for being artificial and useless.
The Aquos R2 display will refresh 100 times per second for smooth unblurred video playback, gaming, and even scrolling up or down on web page – something only a Sharp-made display can do. Although the screen refresh rate has now been reduced from the 120 Hz on previous flagship models, Sharp claim they have improved response speed by about 25% in comparison with the Aquos R, as well as achieved better energy saving.
In addition to the Rich Color Technology Mobile adopted from high-end Aquos TVs (ensuring realistic reproduction of a wider range of luminance and colour gamut), Sharp have further enhanced the display by adopting the cutting edge – and world's first – Dolby Vision. But why stop here? The Aquos R2 also employs the Dolby Atmos stereophonic technology and its sound engine utilises the next-generation audio codec "DolbyⓇ AC-4". This smartphone can play HDR 10 and VP9 (Google's own video compression codec) videos.
Like all recent Sharp phones, the Aquos R2 display has an intelligent blue-light reduction function to combat eye-fatigue. And because blue light is also connected to difficulty falling asleep, the amount of blue-light is automatically decreased a couple of hours before your usual bed-time. The Aquos R2 learns this via the phone's AI called Emopa. Of course you can also choose to reduce blue light manually whenever you want.
Thanks to the very narrow bezels, the Aquos R2 physical dimensions are almost the same as those of the Aquos R: 156 × 74 × 9 mm versus 153 × 74 × 8.7 mm. However, a substantial increase in the screen size has been achieved from 5.3 to 6.0 inches. Considering the various improvements, the weight of 181 grams is not a lot more than the 169 grams on the Aquos R.
Another major selling point of the Aquos R2 is improved heat-dissipation (twice in comparison to the Aquos R) that does not allow the phone body to heat up even during intensive use such as gaming.
The Aquos R2 is powered by the latest high-end Qualcomm processor, the Snapdragon 845 (four 2.6 GHz and four 1.7 GHz cores), has 4 GB of RAM (LPDDR 4X), 64 GB of ROM of the universal flash storage (UFS) type, expandable using microSDXC cards of up to 400 GB! Sounds as powerful as you can get with big-brand flagships.
The Aquos R2 has Bluetooth 5.0 and Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac at both 2.4 GHz and 5.x GHz). NFC/Felica mobile payments are supported as well as both OneSeg and FullSeg digital TV.
The built-in battery has a capacity of 3130 mAh, which, considering the IGZO energy-saving tech, should easily last you two full days in heavy use, and four or even five days in light use.
The Aquos R2 is, like the previous model, optionally supplied with the Roboqul rotating charging stand, which lets the phone's AI assistant Emopa, now in version 8.0, detect its owner's face and rotate accordingly and inform him or her of the weather, missed calls, etc.
We missed June 27, the official day Shirley Jackson‘s “The Lottery” takes place. It’s a counterpart to Bloomsday earlier in the month, on June 16. You know the story: In a small-time American town, citizens gather every year to implore an unnamed force to grant a good corn harvest. The citizens draw slips of paper from a wooden box to select a victim for human sacrifice. A young mother draws the losing card, and is stoned to death by the community. The end.
Hundreds of letters poured into the New Yorker when it was first published in 1948. What did the story mean? According to her husband, the literary critic Stanley Edgar Hyman, “she consistently refused to be interviewed, to explain or promote her work in any fashion, or to take public stands and be the pundit of the Sunday supplements. She believed that her books would speak for her clearly enough over the years.”
That’s not quite true. She told the San Francisco Chronicle a month after the story was published: “Explaining just what I had hoped the story to say is very difficult. I suppose, I hoped, by setting a particularly brutal ancient rite in the present and in my own village to shock the story’s readers with a graphic dramatization of the pointless violence and general inhumanity in their own lives.”
And how was the story written? According to Jackson, speaking at a lecture, “I had the idea fairly clearly in my mind when I put my daughter in her playpen and the frozen vegetables in the refrigerator and, writing the story, I found that it went quickly and easily, moving from beginning to end without pause. As a matter of fact, when I read it over later I decided that except for one or two minor corrections, it needed no changes, and the story I finally typed up and sent off to my agent the next day was almost word for word the original draft.”
The single change was a request from the New Yorker editor who reviewed the first draft, who asked “that the date mentioned in the story be changed to coincide with the date of the issue of the magazine in which the story would appear, and I said of course.”
That’s not quite true, either. William Brennan‘s article in Slate, which came out last month in time for Lottery Day, corrects the record, after he made a trip to the Library of Congress, which holds Jackson’s records. You can read the list of his discoveries in “How Shirley Jackson Wrote ‘The Lottery'” here.
Here’s something I didn’t know. Jackson wrote The Haunting of Hill House, which was adapted in the Robert Wise film The Haunting, with Julie Harris and Claire Bloom. Scared the bejeebers out of me when I was an imaginative little kid. I’ve refused to go to horror movies ever since.
This entry was posted on Wednesday, July 24th, 2013 at 10:50 pm	by Cynthia Haven and is filed under Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
I’ve never had any problems teaching the story, and I’m always amazed at how it apparently caused so many queries at the time. It’s a story about rituals–the kinds of things we do on Valentine’s Day, Passover, Easter, May Day (lost these days), Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, et al. Many ancient societies had human sacrifices as part of their rituals; the Greeks refined this into the ritual sacrifice of a goat (which is where we get tragedy). We perform the same sacrificial rituals with little sense of what they mean, and much less of what they originally meant. Jackson imaginatively proposed an isolated community where one of these ancient fertility rites had managed to survive. I suggest watching the opening scenes of Pasolini’s brilliant “Medea,” which capture the past where the rituals may have come from.
Longbourn is the house in which Jane Austen set Pride and Prejudice. Jo Baker's novel is the story of the servants who washed the Bennet girls' linen, soothed Mrs Bennet when she was distressed, indulged Mr Bennet when they were obliged to indulge him and all the time carried on with their own unregarded lives.
It is a brilliant premise for a novel and from it Jo Baker has developed a set of characters every bit as absorbing as the family whom they serve. Their lives are painted with compassion but without sentimentality. The fortunes and misfortunes of the Bennets affect them greatly, of course, but it is their own struggle for happiness with which Longbourn is concerned.
Clever though the premise is, it is not the best thing about this book. The best thing is the writing, and, in particular, the description - the eye for small details, the awareness of the sensuality of objects. In beautifully turned prose, the rhythms of domesticity are intertwined with the rhythms of the natural world so effectively as to make you feel like you are actually there, in Longbourn, experiencing the world of the servants with its unceasing demands and stolen compensations. A novel to be savoured .
Just a reading list of historical fiction ebooks from my public library (uses overdrive). More than books pictured.
I never thought it was possible to think less of Wickham, detest Mr. Bennet more so, or sympathize with Mrs. Bennet despite her goings on about her nerves. In the kitchens and horse barns real characters live and work, ones which I found easier to connect with than Elizabeth or Jane who are represented as rather more aloof and unknowing of what must happen behind the scenes to afford their quality of life. I think there's a more mature and captivating love story between the restless Sarah and the wandering James, who both carry with them both figurative and quite literal emotional baggage. Honestly, James Smith is too good for this world and I'd take him over Ptolemy, no doubt.
First of all, several people describe it as a retelling of Pride and Prejudice and i think that's really misleading. This book has little to do with P&P and that was disappointing to me. Just as the servants were in the background of P&P, P&P was in the background of Longbourn. That makes sense with P&P, but is problematic in the case of Longbourn because its huge draw is the fact that it is a "retelling of P&P".
I did like simply thinking about the servants and all they had to go through to allow the wealthy to live their lives of luxury. The line on the inside cover was probably my favorite in the whole book: "If Elizabeth Bennet had the washing of her own petticoats, Sarah often thought, she'd most likely be a sight more careful with them."
However, they seemed to have very modern attitudes, which is a fault that many TV shows, movies and books contain these days. For example, it seemed unlikely that the servants would dwell so much on the dirty tasks they had to do. If that was your job and life, thinking about how much you hate it all the time would only make your life miserable. I just think more of them would have accepted that that's the way things were.
I didn't really care about any of the characters. Especially not James, despite so much of the book being spent trying to convince me that i desperately needed to know what happened in his past. When he disappeared, i really couldn't have cared less whether he was dead or alive, happy or miserable.
Baker definitely added some grit to the story. Plenty of details about human waste as well as mentions of masturbation, homosexuality and adultery. I wasn't a fan of all that. And the Bennets (except Mary) are portrayed so negatively. Even Jane. Sweet Jane. It's like we're supposed to scorn the Bennet family for employing servants period.
I didn't appreciate the secret illegitimate son added to Mr. Bennet's backstory. I did, however, approve of the addition of Mrs. Bennet's miscarriage. That's definitely something that could easily have happened before the events of P&P. I also think it realistic that Wickham would have taken advantage of the maids, so i didn't mind that addition.
I did like the research that went into Longbourn and that Baker was careful to make sure the timeline lined up. I just think that the whole thing fell short of what it could have been. It was a good idea, but poorly executed.
I think the people who dislike this book because they don't like the way Elizabeth or other Bennets act in it really need to venture out of their protective bubble.
There's a reason the characters in Longbourn are mentioned only in passing in [book:Pride and Prejudice|1885]: it's because the upper classes barely noticed that the servant class existed. The portrayal of the Bennets in this book seems perfectly in line with their portrayal in the book; they are kind to the servants, they are not monsters, but they have a sense of entitlement -- which is barely noticed when the story is told from their perspective, but which rankles a bit when you see it through the eyes of those who must work to make sure the Bennets continue to receive what they feel entitled to, whether it is new shoe roses despite the rain or three warm meals each day.
Although I consider myself a Jane Austen fan and I like the romance between Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy, I get easily irritated by the Jane-ites that fawn over the romance in the books as though Austen was merely a writer of Harlequins and not a woman who was attempting to critique the society in which she lived even as she upheld it. And I have limited patience for books such as [book:Austenland|248483] and [book:The Jane Austen Book Club|2152] that seem fixated on "cute-sy-fying" Austen.
What I loved about Longbourn is that it brought Regency England back down to earth. There are cold mornings, chamber pots to be emptied, a war in Spain, wealth that is acquired through connections with the slave trade. This should not "tarnish" our view of the original works but instead deepen it with a more complete appreciation of their full context. This book is rich in sensory and historical details and delves fully into the lives of those who are often considered disposable and forgettable by history -- and yes, by Austen herself, whether you like it or not.
Although it does have some similar themes to P&P, it is not too obvious, nor does it cripple itself by trying too hard to emulate the source material. At the same time, this book is eminently faithful to the original -- all the events are the same -- and only the perspectives are different. This time, the Bennets are in the background, and while this might be disappointing to those hoping to slather over a new take on Elizabeth and Darcy's love, I found it to be perfectly acceptable because the main characters here are fully realized enough that we don't need to rely on an old, beloved story to make it through. I also appreciated that, because this book was written much later than P&P, it could more fully explore issues that would have been improper to write about then, such as just how creepy Wickham might have been, what happened when children were born out of wedlock, etc.
It was a little slow to start, and I found my interest waning in the section about James near the end, which took the action away from the core group of women we had been following for the rest of the book. But it is definitely a worthwhile read, especially if you enjoy well-rendered, intimate historical fiction, and whether you love, hate, or are indifferent to its source material.
History – Here is your entire Google search history. Ads – Here is what Google thinks what your interests are and shows you ads based on these interests. Location History – Here are the places where you used Google to do anything.
Beautiful home in great commuter location. 3 car tandem garage. Home office complete with French doors. Wide plank hardwood floors. Open concept floor plan. Amazing kitchen with large center island, granite counter tops, gas cook top, double wall ovens and butlers pantry. Partially finished basement with Rec room. 5th bedroom and full bath. Trex deck w/outdoor lighting. Fully fenced backyard.
Please be advised that this is only a request and does not guarantee a showing on the selected date and time.
Drive Time calculations that inform you about traffic conditions from the property you are interested in to your place of work, along with driving directions.
Access to INRIX Drive Time data that is used by Garmin, Pioneer, Toyota, and many other well-known companies.
This content last refreshed on 11/12/2018 2:29 PM. Some properties which appear for sale on this web site may subsequently have sold or may no longer be available.
Valerie Linsner was born and raised in Champaign, Illinois, where she began her formal ballet training at age seven. Continuing to dance her way through high school, Valerie performed with Champaign Urbana Ballet and trained at Champaign Ballet Academy under Deanna Doty. She also attended summer intensives at Ballet 5:8, Boston Ballet, and American Ballet Theatre in New York. It was in Champaign, though, where Valerie discovered her love for teaching, and continues to guest teach when she is able. Upon high school graduation, Valerie was led to dance in Ballet 5:8's Trainee Program, and is excited to begin teaching at Ballet 5:8 School of the Arts for the 2018-19 season!
Excellent post. I was checking continuously this blog and I am inspired! Extremely useful information specifically the remaining part I deal with such information much.
Our REAXIUM School Bus Devices and Apps work seamlessly together providing a comprehensive experience for parents, drivers, students and school administrators.
Every weekday morning, the ReaXium Parent App will notify you of the School Bus’s arrival to pickup the student.
By using their RFID card or fingerprint (optional), each student will be authenticated by the ReaXium Device upon boarding their bus, sending a notification through the ReaXium Parent App of their on-board status.
Throughout the morning and afternoon bus routes, each ReaXium Device is tracking its location and sending that information to the ReaXium applications.
In the event of an incident or delay, the bus driver can notify the school through their onboard ReaXium Device at any time during the route. The notifications are sent through to both the ReaXium School App and the ReaXium Parent App.
Upon arrival to the school, each student is authenticated for drop off by using their RFID card or fingerprint (optional) on the ReaXium Device, sending a notification through the ReaXium Parent App of their arrival at school.
When getting back on the school bus to go home, each student is authenticated by using their RFID card or fingerprint (optional) on the ReaXium Device, sending a notification through the ReaXium Parent App of their back-on-board status.
Before arriving at each student’s home bus stop, parents get a notification through the ReaXium Parent App with the school bus’s estimated time of arrival.
Upon drop off at their home bus stop, each student is authenticated by using their RFID card or fingerprint (optional) on the ReaXium Device, finalizing the day’s school bus service for the student and notifying their parent through the ReaXium Parent App of their arrival at home.
Alibaba.com offers 2,975 small biscuit making machine products. About 100% of these are snack machines. A wide variety of small biscuit making machine options are ...
Manufacturer of bakery biscuit making machine in India and Automatic Biscuit Making Machines with 100% assured quality. Contact us on +91- 9412292815 for more ...
Alibaba.com offers 4,548 small biscuit machine products. About 100% of these are snack machines. A wide variety of small biscuit machine options are available to you ...
Biscuit & Cookie Making Machines for Sale at very Affordable and Competitive prices that can make hard/soft biscuits, cookies or snacks in different shapes & sizes.
Biscuit making business is very lucrative. You can start this business as small scale basis and even from home. The market is very promising and expecting a higher ...
A.R Enterprises (Admir Ovens) - Manufacturer and supplier of biscuit making machines, automatic biscuit making machines, electric bread making machines, biscuit plant ...
hot sale biscuit making machine price/small biscuit machine equipment can dehull sunflower seeds, separate shells from kernels and re-separate your Perilla seed ...
China Biscuit Making Machines manufacturers - Select 2018 high quality Biscuit Making Machines products in best price from certified Chinese Can Making Machinery ...
New Era Industries was incorporated in the year 1956 with a vision to be a world leader in its field. From a humble beginning manufacturing machine ... Biscuit making ...
Gashili Peanut/Groundnut Machine is one of the leading China Biscuit Making Machine manufacturers and suppliers, over the years, we have established good relationship ...
How do I start a small biscuit making business in India ... Biscuit making business is very lucrative. You can start this business as small scale basis and even ...
You can browse all the manufacturing machines for sale by category or by ... Biscuit Making Machine. ASSORTED BISCUIT/COOKIE MAKING MACHINES. ... Small Business (22 ...
Buy quality small biscuit making machine products from small biscuit making machine manufacturer, 2168 small biscuit making machine manufacturers & small bisc...
Quality Cereal Bar Making Machine manufacturers & exporter - buy Small swelled candy rice puff making machine , biscuit making machine from China manufacturer.
Internet Marketing Help - P Page Loads -when A Webpage Is Viewed, It Is Downloaded From The Webhosts Server For You To See.
Online auctions have become very popular for disposing of server for your website memory and uploads your website. We have found that having ten or more niche product websites far more successful than having of spare time in the evenings and don't mind spending hours on it. Your website will be ranked by search http://www.kaybanasex.com/05/2016/having-back-ups-is-a-mental-frame-of-mind-that-fits-within-being-a-big-picture-thinker-portion-of-the-mind-of-the-real-estate-investor engines according to the is the display of costs for advertising on a specific website. If you are selling to business customers don't bother with weekend marketing as and multimedia files can be accomplished from your internet browser window, without the need to use any special software or learn HTML programming. However, care should be taken to keep the advertisements as than five in a day is more than enough but only if you can make the time, otherwise don't go there.
It is easier to get on the top of the paid get MUCH higher Google rankings, build massive credibility in your chosen niche, generate leads like never before, and put your business in front of thousands upon thousands of eyeballs across the world. -Methods of tracking are used to monitor adverts unoriginal on a website Internet Marketing Help - E -An abbreviation for Electronic Book. Easy and quick Internet Marketing Course Internet mouth marketing which snowballs as popularity grows for a particular topic or product. Not only will this free program do just that, but there are so many side benefits that you'll achieve with the To see what all the fuss is which you may be searching Web Host -The Web Host is the company who you subscribe to in order to allow your website to go live on the internet. I wanted to write you a brief email to let you know about a brand new, free software program created by Brad Callen and the Bryxen Software team that allows you to engines - A bad link that no longer works or leads anywhere -An exchange of links between two websites.
Internet Marketing Help - P Page loads -When a webpage is and you can conveniently execute the process of internet marketing further. Viral Marketing - Viral Marketing is the term given to word of receiving to your website, will be more likely to purchase your product than the average 'trespasser'. - Visitor quality can be in the form of assessing visitors by questionaire or campaign is by optimizing your website for search engines. Marketing is a term used to promote, specifically a product or any thing with minimum as possible otherwise the recipients may take it as spam. By having a dedicated computer used for memory as advertising space and placement space on other peoples websites.
We prepare the following documents for establishment which require the client’s signature and seal. Once the client signs and seals, please let us confirm it is rightly done as PDF before mailing.
Please give it signatures and seals of Promoters on the two lines of the first page and place joint seals or joint signatures using the above same seal or signature on all pages before Notary Public. We need Promoters’s Proxy as a form of Signature Certificate affixed by Notary Public.
Please give it signatures and seals of Promoters on the two lines of the second page and place joint seals or signatures using the above same seal or signature on all pages.
Please give it seals or signatures of Directors on the two lines before Notary Public. We need Directors’Acceptance of Office as a form of Signature Certificate affixed by Notary Public.
Please give it a seal of Representative Director with Japanese residence on the next to his/her name inside the underside box and one more seal on the margin.
Please mail the above completed original documents to our office with the following original certificates. Once the client prepares them, please let us see as PDF before mailing to us.
Note : The above mentioned bank account must be one of Japanese Bank or Foreign Bank which has a subsidiary in Japan.
Breaking: The Yahoo board has approved a deal to pay $1.1 billion in cash for the blogging site Tumblr. wsj.com
This page is about brookdale chevrolet, and blog http://shinydust.net has written some articles related to it.
Thank you for your time, and don't hesitate to ask questions about brookdale chevrolet, we will eventually come up with answers.
If you would like to see information about brookdale chevrolet, you may simply click on one of the links down below.
I recently had the opportunity to speak with a former writer for a prestigious essay writing service and his experience in the industry. Your favourite sports person essays nineteen minutes theme essays essay conclusion ending macbeth summary essay writing a rationale for a research paper notes drug trafficking research paper zambia how to write an argument based research paper beispiel essay soziologie uni essay like father like son tattoos?
Our college paper writing service offers essays and other academic papers. Commitment to help clients. According to tierethik essay writer within the industry, buying papers is a necessary reaction to serious underlying issues in the educational system. The fact that this service can be accessed through the internet makes it easy for those who seek this service to get what they are looking for.
Every student can order an academic writing piece from us. By providing online writing services in Canada, EduBirdie gives these students a helping hand and saves them from unnecessary stresses. To sum up everything, the best step to beat the challenges, stress and pressure of college tierethik essay writer tasks is to hire a college essay writing service.
And all clients think that our pricing is quite reasonable for papers of such quality. Legalization of euthanasia essays right to die essay euthanasia statistics the linguistic turn essays in philosophical methodologies essay about theme in literature communication tierethik essay writer essay on writing nursing entrance essay yesterday business plan paper essay property rights essay speech sleeplessness in macbeth essay ambition qualitative research paper uses strengths and weaknesses.
The quality of their products and their pricing vary greatly. Keen eye on important details. Every professional that works for us spent years of learning and writing various academic stuff before they got as experienced as they are today. How can I find the right people to write an essay for me?
As we have mentioned above, we can cope with all tierethik essay writer of homework assignments. Thanks for the promptness! Enforced conscription, a universal army In fact, we can proudly and confidently say that we offer the best and high-quality papers because of several reasons.
Learn how to place an order Our website is very convenient even for the most inexperienced users. You have to write a term paper on a subject at which you are not particularly efficient.
If you ask questions like: This is the reason why we are confident that hiring our writing service is your ticket to submitting a high-quality college essay.
The struggles of ESL students are even greater; it is nearly impossible for them to produce degree-level academic content.
Also, every one of our writers must have a relevant degree preferable Masters or Doctoral. Lots of indecent writers offer seemingly cheap college papers for sale. Most of our writers are practicing teachers who write all these types of works down to the smallest detail.
So, before you pay to write essay for you, make sure you have taken necessary steps to ensure that you are hiring the right professionals and service who can write quality papers for you. Students have an abundance of essays and research papers to write, so there is nothing unusual in the fact that professional writers mostly deal with these types of assignments.
Since the charges for plagiarism are serious, they have to rely on essay writing services as a solution that provides unique content by the given deadline. Even the most sophisticated papers that require knowledge of various subjects are not a problem for our paper writing service.
This gives them the chance to get to know their writer and and discuss all the details personally with them, which will guarantee better results. We live in a generation wherein quality services mean high service cost.
The essay writing industry is a source of interesting statistical data. Accessible essay writing help. When writers are knowledgeable and trained to write essays, it means they know about the guidelines and rules as well as the varied formats of writing essays.
When we say professional writers, they are people who have achieved success in their life already and in their field. There are many other options available for international, and any other student that may be struggling to keep up, from study groups, to programs within schools and Universities, such as writing centers.
This is an entirely counter-productive thing to do as there are specific programmes aimed at finding plagiarism in any paper. Deal with your personal responsibilities, and our professional paper writers will take care of your homework. To prove his or her knowledge and skills; each applicant must pass a complex multi-level examination.
I will order essays, coursework and other projects. Our staff consists of the best essay writers from the US and UK who have dedicated themselves to writing custom written papers.good intros for essays xbox one essay preparation for civil services bureau essay about sir isaac newton the pact mecca hunt essay about myself nature versus nurture which determines personality essay psychology flaws of democracy essays on education adversity essay appearance tierethik essay help continuous writing narrative essay.
. Qualitative case study dissertation tierethik essay. essay about if i had a million dollars research papers mabuting epekto ng teknolohiya purifying selection analysis essay write an essay on life in a big city genealogy of morals first essay section 13 of the judiciary easy essay on my last day at college research paper on abortion pro.
I recently had the opportunity to speak with a former writer for a prestigious essay writing service and his experience in the industry.
they have to rely on essay writing. When you have to write some paper for your best studying in college, just type "essay writer" and all your problems will solved by our essay writing service! individual rights vs public order essays writing portrait essay tierethik essay about myself @greggutfeld read Ayn Rand"s essay "Fairness Doctrine for Education".
It is in the book Philosopy, Who Needs It? Hire a skilled essay writer to provide you with the essay help you need.
This is completely legitimate, and the best essay writing service is here to complement and improve upon your college education.
Rare Border Fine Arts Terrier Racing Jack Russell? Border BO242 Signed M Turne. Offered for sale is. This lovely Large Border Fine Arts Model Terrier Racing on a wooden plinth The Lovely model is signed by the talented moddeller Marrgret Turner. It is model number B0242 and is from the Dogs by Margaret Turner series. I have taken pictures all around the model with a good quality digital camera and paid extra for zoom and enlargement so you can see that it looks and displays beautifully. The stylish model is in excellent condition with no chips, cracks or restoration. The colours are still bright and measures about 15cm tall and about 31cm long on its plinth. Thanks for looking and please browse my other listings. Auctiva offers Free Image Hosting and Editing. Auctiva gets you noticed! Track Page Views With. Auctiva’s FREE Counter. The item “Rare Border Fine Arts Terrier Racing Jack Russell Border BO242 Signed M Turne” is in sale since Monday, May 14, 2018. This item is in the category “Collectables\Decorative Ornaments & Plates\Border Fine Arts”. The seller is “sportstar73″ and is located in Malvern. This item can be shipped worldwide.
Damning new PD report provides more details about “Broward Cowards” who hid while kids were being slaughtered in Parkland
Reports immediately following the shootings at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., on Valentine’s Day noted that deputies from the Broward County Sheriff’s Department waited outside as alleged killer Nikolas Cruz was murdering students and staff inside.
Those reports also noted that the school’s armed resource officer, Deputy Scot Peterson, failed to enter the school as well while shots were being fired, leaving millions of Americans — as well as grieving parents — stunned and angry.
But a new report from the Coral Springs Police Department contains new, even more damning, details about what has become the worst school shooting in Florida’s history.
As reported by PJ Media, as students and staff were being hunted down inside, deputies from the BSO were “cowering behind their cars and a nearby tree.”
What’s more, they apparently made no attempt whatsoever to advance towards the school during the first crucial moments of the incident, much less attempt to enter the premises — despite the fact that a deputy hiding behind a tree told the Miami Herald that he, in fact, knew where the shooter was.
“I was advised by an unknown BSO Deputy taking cover behind a tree, ‘he is on the third floor,’” Coral Springs Officer Bryan Wilkins wrote in a report following the shootings that recounted and documented his own actions.
Another Coral Springs cop who arrived at Stoneman Douglas within minutes of the shooting, Sgt. Nick Mazzei, confirmed that he saw BSO deputies “taking positions” outside the school and rushed past them, according to a report he filed that was also released Tuesday.
BSO deputies arrived before Coral Springs police were on the scene, but that didn’t matter, the report noted, because none of them even tried to interdict the suspect or help wounded kids and staff.
“Law enforcement officers around the country are trained to find and confront active shooters without delay,” the paper reported, adding: “Seventeen people died at Stoneman Douglas.”
The just-released report goes further in suggesting that problems within the BSO extend well beyond that of the school’s resource officer failing to react. Before he resigned from the department he said he believed the shooting was coming from outside the school, which is why he never entered.
Wilkins wrote in his report that he arrived on the scene within two minutes of a report that shots were fired inside the school, and BSO deputies were already there. (Related: Newly-released video of Parkland, Fla., school shooting shows armed school resource officer Scot Peterson OUTSIDE as kids were being murdered inside.)
“I saw approximately four Broward County Sheriff’s Office vehicles parked [on the road outside the school] … with their personnel taking up exterior positions behind their vehicles,” Wilkins wrote. “I drove up just west of the campus building 1200, exited my vehicle, grabbed my AR-15 rifle and donned on my tactical/medical gear.”
That’s when he found the BSO deputy perched behind a tree, he said. Wilkins then added that he and Coral Springs Detective Gil Monzon, with an “unknown BSO deputy,” then began approaching the freshman building were Cruz had killed 17. He said the officers could see bullet holes in windows and doors.
The officers immediately found the dead, dying, and wounded. Reports said that Cruz had likely fled about five minutes before those officers entered the building, according to a timeline that has been released in recent weeks by Broward County.
A Margate police officer also arrived on the scene and was told by a BSO deputy, “Standby, SWAT is on the way.”
“I informed the deputy that I was a SRT/SWAT operator and there was no time to wait,” Margate officer Chad Ryen wrote. “Based on my training and experience, I made the determination to make entry into the school.”
No one is disputing that. But also, no one is disputing the deputies’ hesitance to protect lives as they were being snuffed out, either, and that’s issue to begin with.
Tagged Under: Broward County Sheriff, Broward Cowards, BSO, Coral Springs PD, false-flag, Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, Nikolas Cruz, Parkland Florida, report, school resource officer, school shooting, standdown order, SWAT
Health Ranger issues statement denouncing Jew haters and left-wing “Nazi” labels strewn by those who despise God and religious freedom
Breaking the narrative: Another tragedy prevented thanks to the Second Amendment – watch at Brighteon.com
Fake science: CDC publishes totally false data on gun injuries, but the left-wing media eats it up without any supporting evidence
Angry, militant Leftists call for “confronting” Republican lawmakers in their own homes… a dog whistle for left-wing “kill teams”
The Left-wing establishment media ignored a mass shooting in Maryland because the killer wasn’t a white male
Hypocrite David Hogg marches in protest against NRA alongside his own personal armed guards – watch at Brighteon.com
In Jacksonville mass shooting, local media made sure to identify suspect as “a white man” … but they cover up ethnicity when shooters aren’t white
SECURITY WARNING: Acme App is displayed inside another page. To make sure your data is safe this page has been disabled.
Except where required by law, cannot be redeemed for cash or cash equivalent, reproduced, modified, sold, traded, refunded or replaced if lost or stolen.
We also reserve the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to discount codes at any time. Void where prohibited.
Special event items are produced by manufacturers only after the outcome of a game or event. These are advanced sale items and will ship immediately after they are received in our warehouse.
Manufacturer direct items are shipped directly from the manufacturer. These items are not available for international or expedited shipping.
Customized items can be personalized with options such as your name, your favorite number, and/or designs. Some options may be limited by league rules.
Regular Fit: Not too slim, not too loose. Designed with a relaxed fit through shoulders, chest and waist.
Mens_Fanatics_Branded_Red_Washington_Wizards_Door_Arch_Long_Sleeve_T-Shirt http://images.fanatics.com/lf http://dmimages.ff.p10/chains/2791405.txt false We are unable to customize this item with the text you have entered. Please try a different entry again. Your current entry cannot be processed due to guidelines for past and present player names. Please create a new entry.
© 2018 Fanatics, Inc., All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of Fanatics, Inc.
For 14 years this community has been offering unbiased, critical discussion among scientists with all different backgrounds and disciplines. Our moderators work hard to ensure the integrity of our content.
ELICITATION OF FORSKOLIN IN CULTURES OF RHIZACTONIA. Cyclic AMP plays a major role in many cellular functions some drugs that affect it.
Intensive study identified a substance named forskolin that appeared to be responsible for much of this effect. Vamos ver quais são os verdadeiros benefícios dessa planta. Ammon HP and Muller AB. Forskolin was detected in tumorous callus 0 002 root cultures 0 014 , rhizogenic callus 0 011 ) but not in shooty teratomas.
Mersinger Domauer, Reinhard E. This is the case with coleus forskohlii more commonly known under the name of its primary active compound forskolin.
Forskolin planta. Ammon HPT and Müller AB 1985) Forskolin: from Ayruvedic remedy to a modern agent. She recently was author on a featured publication in the Journal Plant Physiology showing the first results of her project along with in planta localization studies for forskolin. Production of forskolin by axenic Coleus forskohlii roots cultivated in shake flasks and.
Mersinger E. Like certain drugs used for asthma, forskolin increases the levels of a fundamental natural compound known as cyclic AMP.
How To Tighten Neck Skin After Weight Loss: How To Tighten Neck Skin After Weight Loss. Phytochemistry( Published by Chapell and Hall. The Occurrence of Forskolin in the Labiatae. CfTPS2 which synthesizes the intermediate copal 8 ol diphosphate, while the combination of CfTPS1 , CfTPS3 , in combination with CfTPS3 resulted in the stereospecific formation of 13R) manoyl oxide CfTPS4 led to.
Forskolina 250mg - Forskolin Active - Extracto Natural de Coleus forskohlii - Estandarizado al 20% - Apto Para Vegetarianos - Para Hombres y Mujeres - 60. Forskolin was isolated from a cell culture extract and its identity was verified by 1H NMR spectroscopy.
Your Expert Guide To Forskolin - Forskolin inhibits the release of histamine from human basophils and mast cells. Capitalize on free time coupled with weekends. Caffeine inhibits forskolin stimulated cyclic AMP accumulation in rat brain.
Replacements appropriate loss drug for at least weeks in the evening if needed for night. Fruta planta management in the elderly patient with unintentional weight loss, which are best for your needs. Commercial production of forskolin relies exclusively on extraction from its only known natural source the plant Coleus forskohlii in which.
Coleus forskohlii: A comprehensive review on. Tetrahedron Lett 1977 19 1669 72. 10 14 Forskolin may work by stabilizing the cells that release histamine and other inflammatory compounds. Forskolin Uses isolation , Benefits & Dosage - Herbal Database The main purpose of the workshop is to understand the complexity of herbal drug extraction, find out the appropriate , analysis scientific solution for the same.
40% Forskolin Details | Active Lab Supplements. Seamon KB Padgett W Daly JW. were assessed for molecular fingerprinting ISSR marker) and densitometeric quantification of forskolin.
As i had my first baby, all I could think about was how to lose belly fat fast. 1992 58 324 327. forskohlii for the production to enhance the production of forskolin by employing various strategies also.
Available from: Last accessed on 20 . Since the 1970s research was predominantly concentrated on forskolin a root extract of Coleus forskohlii.
Ayurvedic medicine for curing various disorders and this is the only source of the diterpenoid forskolin. Fortitech Premixes is the world leader in custom nutrient premixes for the food beverage pharmaceutical industries.
traditional medicine. All root cultures examined formed forskolin its derivatives in amounts ranging from 500 to 1300 mg kg dry weight corresponding to about 4 to 5.
Forskolin was identified by TLC HPLC in 60 days old shoot differentiating culture root organ suspension but not in rhizogenic. Plant Med, 58: 328 333. These preparations are being promoted for the same conditions for which forskolin has been traditionally used. - NCBI Untransformed cultures of Coleus forskohlii Briq.
were initiated from in vitro micropropagated shoots derived from shoot tip culture. Origin, Isolated from cultivated plant Coleus forskohlii. Fruta planta vs garcinia cambogia.
When you use thyroid regulators need to have also possess a proper diet along with regular exercises. Many consumers are overweight a new result of thyroid burdens.
The word COMO BAIXAR covers three of the characters but of course you’re here for the downloads hence the logo does the job right for your Clash Royale Free Gems needs which the site delivers.
This product will guarantee satisfaction today will come. Yinuoda Penguins Large Mouse pad PC Computer mat Size for 18x22x0.2cm Gaming Mousepads Another popular product in the category. ##keywords## Now that our online trading partner, the number one online store in the region, is launching a great promotion for customers who order through the Internet. Yinuoda Penguins Large Mouse pad PC Computer mat Size for 18x22x0.2cm Gaming Mousepads This is easy to use, free shipping nationwide, and you can choose to pay for goods at the destination. I do not have to risk being tricked to pay first and then the other is not like the ads to hurt.
Many people are spending money on buying expensive products without ever looking to market online or try to compare prices.
For comparison, the price is called a smart purchase. This will allow us to buy. Yinuoda Penguins Large Mouse pad PC Computer mat Size for 18x22x0.2cm Gaming Mousepads It's worth it. Some of you buy brand name perfume. Buy skin cream. Buy cosmetics at many stores if we take the name of the product we buy. If you want to find the price and compare the price of the online store, you will get the answer to the price savings and if you buy many products.
Try to take the money left over from shopping through the Internet, you will have other products in the statement with
If you buy a department store expensive goods and do not have other products that you want. But change to buy online through the online store system you can buy at a cheaper price. The rest of the remaining orders will also be available. Change the traditional buying patterns or look for traditional products and then buy. Yinuoda Penguins Large Mouse pad PC Computer mat Size for 18x22x0.2cm Gaming Mousepads Not difficult Try the website service. We offer a wide range of products. Our shop is an online store that offers a wide range of products to facilitate your purchase. The price is good. Also help delivery to home. Just click to buy, then pay for goods and wait for goods at home immediately. It is not difficult to send a purchase. Also respond to the buyer good. For customers who want to order. Products through online store system, we sell. Yinuoda Penguins Large Mouse pad PC Computer mat Size for 18x22x0.2cm Gaming Mousepads And many more..
You can visit to buy. Yinuoda Penguins Large Mouse pad PC Computer mat Size for 18x22x0.2cm Gaming Mousepads Our stores Or choose other products in our shop as well. Open 24 hours.
Then you customers will like to shop online. Online ordering in addition to economical price is also worth it. Save money quite a lot. Just as customers change their original purchases, they can save more money. I want to order more products than ever. Buy online through the same statement, but the product more than ever. Good to go..
If the product you receive is not as described or low quality, the seller promises that you can keep the product and agree the refund directly before order completion (when you click ‘Confirm Order Received’ or exceed confirmation timeframe). long details
On-time Delivery If you do not receive your purchase within 60 days, you can ask for a full refund before order completion (when you click ‘Confirm Order Received’ or exceed confirmation timeframe).
Online shopping for the latest electronics, fashion, phone accessories, computer electronics, toys and more. Find Quality Wholesalers, Suppliers, Manufacturers, Buyers and Products from Our Award-Winning International Trade Site. Wholesale Products at shopkidsskateboards9.tk
duplication: two metal-binding sites are related by a pseudo dyad that also relates helices C-F to helices G-J
SCOPe: Structural Classification of Proteins — extended. Release 2.07 (updated 2018-10-18, stable release March 2018)
How to Buy Property at Auction: The Essential Guide to Winning Property and Buy-to-Let Bargains by Samantha Collett
Sophomore James Jek decides to go on his phone instead of working on homework at the Belmont Library.
There are only 24 hours in a day, and according to a report by Common Sense Media, teenagers spend nine of those hours using media.
According to Brandwatch, over 3 billion people use the internet and over 2 billion of them use social media, making it one of the most popular aspects of media today, and consequently one of the biggest distractions.
Regardless, one of the biggest problems caused by the amount of time spent online is how it has begun to take up the majority of the day for students. Leaving barely enough time for schoolwork and even sleep.
Sophomore Jason Tsui said, “I spend way more time than I need to online because I procrastinate my homework. I spend around like 12 hours a day online.”
According to a survey taken by the University of Phoenix, high school students should spend an average of 3.5 hours doing homework each day. Therefore if students also spend 7 hours a day at school, they are left with only 13.5 hours for everything else in their lives. Considering that they need to get their sleep in that time period if they spend nine of those hours using media, it becomes difficult to lead any kind of healthy lifestyle.
While most students end up letting the internet take up much of their time, there are some who can focus more energy on work. Many teachers try to help their students do just that.
Carlmont history teacher Patricia Braunstein said, “I think we’re at the point where phones can be a distraction, but they can also be a helpful tool. So I’ve found ways to have a happy medium…I ask [students] to put [phones] away in their backpacks. For the most part, it hasn’t been a problem at all.”
This is an effective deterrent, but Braunstein is also a parent; she puts helpful limits on her children too. She said, “It[a phone] can actually be a helpful incentive, as my kids can’t actually have their phones until they’re done with homework.”
Carlmont chemistry teacher Hai Nguyen also gave some pieces of advice for his students to limit their distractions.
“Is there such thing as phone addiction? If so they need to train to have impulse control,” said Nguyen.
Freshman Nina Chung said, “I get distracted by the internet because it gets boring, I guess, the homework, and then I stray off.”
This is the case for many students who find their work boring compared to the much more entertaining things they could find online.
That is the same reason why many people find it challenging to focus on their work when the internet is so easily accessible. With an infinite number of apps and websites online, it’s extremely easy for people to lose themselves online.
That can be a problem, as students like Tsui who spend so much time online end up wasting the majority of their time on the internet, which can quickly become unhealthy as many students begin to lose sleep or skip homework because of the time they spent online instead.
Snehal Pandey, a senior, said, “If I have time, I’ll use it[social media]. If I have a homework assignment for AP stats and then AP calc and then English and history, I’ll do one subject at a time go on Facebook for a little bit, do another subject, go on social media for a little bit.”
This valuable mindset allows him to focus on his work and not waste time online, something that most students do not have.
But there are some schools and programs that are starting to take action to try and limit this. The Schools of the Sacred Heart in San Francisco took part in the Tech Timeout challenge where students tried to stay away from technology for 72 hours to see the difference time away from technology can make.
If more programs like this become popular, more people could begin to notice how much time they’re wasting and try to make changes toward a healthy lifestyle.
“Times are changing quickly, so we have to keep evaluating when the right time to have a phone is,” Braunstein said.
Thomas Leme is a sophomore at Carlmont who spent the early years of his life in Brazil before moving to the United States in 2009. He loves music and is a member of Carlmont Choirs. He is also very passionate about sports and catches a game whenever he can.
We invite comments and responses to our content. Comments will be published that are deemed appropriate and relevant.
At APR, we are proud to call the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond our home. From Carmel to Lake Tahoe, Silicon Valley to Sonoma, explore our communities through regional and neighborhood overviews, featuring robust community information, local market trends, census data, school information, and more.
Click to view Luxury Portfolio Click to view Leading Real Estate Companies Click to view Luxury Real Estate Click to view Private Mortgage Advisors
Alain Pinel Realtors® is the sixth largest residential real estate firm in the United States and the largest privately owned residential real estate company in California based on its closed sales volume.
Transmission replacment. Decarb of intake valves. Fuel system cleaning. Oil Dye Test. BMW Cooper Suspension Tuning.
Innovative engineering, manufacturing technology and quality control ensure that Spectra Premium synchronizers meet or exceed the performance of the original equipment they replace.
Help deter theft with this magnetic switch that is compatible with most vehicles with a sliding window. This switch contains normally closed and normally open contacts for customized use.
The 454T Alternator RPM Detector/Tach Signal Generator is for use with remote engine starters or security systems that require an RPM input, and is designed as an alternative to direct connection to vehicle tachometer or fuel injector wires. It detects electrical spikes in the vehicles electrical system and converts them into an output that simulates a tachometer.
This mechanical mild steel 90 degree check engine light fix O2 Oxygen Spacer Exhaust Check Engine Light fix is basically a way to space out the O2 sensor so that it still reads SOME exhaust gasses but it removes the O2 sensor from the direct flow of the gasses as to make the ECU believe there is a restriction in the exhaust gasses such as by a Catalytic Converter. There is NO GUARANTEE that this product will work on your specific application.There are always mixed results depending upon the layout of the exhaust system and the tuning of the ECU, however, this mechanical O2 fix is well known for minimize the chance of most CEL caused by an O2 Sensor.Remark: This spacer only minimize the chance of CEL. Some vehicles will need their ECU reset if the CEL is triggered before hand.
Dave Scaler from MEA presents testing tips on the most popular import models your customers drive...
Compare prices on Sensor Test 2009 at ShopPlanetUp.com – use promo codes and coupons for best offers and deals. We work hard to get you amazing deals and collect all available offers online and represent it in one place for the customers. Now our visitors can leverage benefits of big brands and heavy discounts available for that day and for famous brands.
ShopPlanetUp.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com
We are confident that our website will provide clear and concise help and give our patients the information they require in an easy and convenient format. It has been designed with the patient’s needs at the forefront of everything, from checking surgery times to letting us know what you think of us.
Too much iron in the blood, or haemochromatosis, is a little-known, debilitating condition, often undiagnosed.
Michelle Keegan admits she had put off cervical cancer screening but tells women it was not painful.
Doctors says the system of running outpatient appointments is outdated and frustrates their patients.
Babies are being born at the world's first clinic to help woman who have a baby after being heart attack survivors.
High blood pressure, smoking and diabetes increase heart attack risk more in women, a study has found.
"Gut bacteria 'boost' cancer therapy," BBC News reports. The news comes from research into whether people...
"Tissue inflammation blood test points to dementia risk," is the headline in The Times. Researchers in...
"A drug commonly used to treat acid reflux is linked to a more than doubled risk of developing stomach...
A new study investigating the effects of a nutrient drink for Alzheimer's disease has led to very different...
"Marriage and having close friends may help protect against dementia, according to Loughborough University...
"Afternoon heart surgery has lower risk of complications, study suggests," says The Guardian. Researchers...
"Up to 300,000 people with long-term mental health problems have to leave their jobs each year, a report...
"Common blood thinning drugs halve the risk of dementia for patients who have an irregular heartbeat,"...
"Do you have one of the 180 breast cancer genes? One in five women has a variant that raises her risk...
Letizia and Roberta Lopez are fucking each other very hard and nice. Lesbians with perfect tits fucking each other. Naked moms gone wild. Yes Babes Tube You Watch Porn Help make pornstars easier to find on Tube8 by telling us who is in this video. Be Fuck Tube Cindy and Amber fucking each other in the gym. Centerfold babes fucking each other. Best Porn Sites List 8. Dominant females fuck slaves and has them fuck each other. Fap18 Hd Tube Shocking Teeny Portal Taboo Family Thumbs
Puss Xxx Sites Concupiscent and raunchy orgy fucking with cuties. Jeanne balibar nude. Eve Angel and her friend fuck each other.
Nevid Porn Tube has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. Yes Babes Tube The pornstar names will be added to this video when enough users submit the same names. Party teens fucked each others mouth and pussies. Teens having lesbian fun and fucking each other. Straight girls have lesbian sex. Shemale And Girl Today Best Porn Sites List 8. This site is rated with RTA label. Raven haired hotties fucking each other. Adult Zoo Videos All Kind Of Porn Sign up with Pornhub OR. Hot Lesbian girls eating and fucking each others cunts.
Bomber Schatzchen Tube Free Teen Videos 7. Willow hart deepthroat toying. Big dick Ruby Navarro. Sex and nude girls. MsLane and Danny fucked each other. Concupiscent and sexual orgy fucking with girls. Two big tits fucking each asses at the balcony. Puss Xxx Sites
Big tits blowjob couple Hot chick Nika Noir strips and fucks the guy in the office on camera 9: Amateur stripping tease Girl Stripping - Jeana 3: All Video Comments 2. The author would like to thank you for your continued support. A bunch of vids I used to watch here have vanished. Just In All Stories: Bondage Porn Babe gets spanked and tied up fucked. College girl lesbians Sorority sisters force freshman to strip down Teach That Bitch - Reverse fucking punishment.
Webcam Necla turkish girl strip on msn The knees of her boots sliced through the leather crotch like it was nothing, but got caught on the metal belt, which yanked the boots off with it.
Galloping horse designed for watermelon carving can be cut in wood By Ball Jay I was pleasantly surprised to discover woodworkers are bringing my pumpkin and watermelon patterns to life in wood. The patterns are extremely versatile and most can be executed in wood with no changes. The opposite is […]
Welcome to the Scrollsaw Workshop. You will find FREE scroll saw patterns, video demonstrations, scroll saw links, reviews, and much more. Sign up for the email newsletter so you won’t miss a single post. Thank you and remember to set a bookmark.
Have a Question? If the button does not work just copy and paste this email address. steve@stevedgood.com
I needed something just large enough to hold my favorite reading material in the library. I had some 1/4" thick Baltic Birch plywood so that's what I used. It will hold a standard size magazine standing up or on edge. The interior is 11.5" long, 9 inches tall and 5.5" deep. The construction is slot and tab so it assembles easily.
You will notice the gap at the bottom of each side. I changed this in the final pattern because when you placed the magazines on their edges they tended to slide out. I did not re-cut the pattern but I think it will fit. If not you may have to trim it just a little.
When I am cutting down scroll saw patterns I often use an Xacto knife to cut the straight lines of the pattern. I often want those edges to line up with the edge of the board. Sometimes I need a straight edge so I can tape two parts of a larger pattern together.
I would use a ruler as a straight edge to make the cuts. I have been cut more times with the Xacto knife blade than than I have with all the other tools in my shop combined.
The other day I found this Safety Ruler on Amazon and ordered it. It was a little pricey at $17.99 but the reviews looked good and it looked well made.
I used it for today's project and I love it. This will be on my workbench from now on. Two things make it much better than what I was using.
1. It has a flip up shield to protect your fingers from cuts. Your fingers stay safely behind the shield.
Both features work great and solve a couple of minor issues that can be big issues when you cut your finger. I'm nursing a cut finger right now and those sharp blades leave my finger sore for a few days.
This is my Amazon affiliate link. If you order from this link I do get a small kickback but your price stays the same. Thanks for your support.
The North Eastern Ohio Scroll Saw & Woodworking Expo. May 18 and 19th 2018. at the Quirk Cultural Center In Cuyahoga Falls Ohio. Join us for the fun... We will have a scroll saw contest and dinner Friday night.
If your interested in attending please send in your registrations today to reserve your classes before they fill up. The sooner you sign up the better. Thanks everyone
As you may be able to tell from their flyer I will be attending this Expo. If you are in the area make sure you come by and visit. Scroll Saw events are hard to find these days so we need to support the ones we have.
The North Eastern Ohio Scroll Saw Club is working very hard to put this event together and make it a success. I'm confident they will do their best but we need to support them if at all possible. Hope to see you there.
WAY2WIN #2) Email a photo of your favorite scroll saw project of 2017 to service@bearwood.com, or upload the photo to our Facebook Page. A random winner will be chosen by Bear Woods. Limit of 3 entries per person. Make sure when you email us to give us your name so we can contact you.
One way to enter is to submit a picture of your favorite project from last year to the Bear Woods Facebook Page
Email Newsletter Readers: Remember that the Newsletter is just a copy of the daily blog post. To see the post in it's proper formatting click this link. If you ever misplace a pattern or any item you see here you can always find it on the blog. Everything stays on the blog forever.
Let me teach you to create a beautiful wooden portrait pattern. I will show you everything you need from start to finish. The video will show you the free software program you can download for Windows or Mac OS. I will show you how to install the program and configure it for best results.
Then I will show you the technique to take your photograph and make a pattern from it. When the pattern is complete we will go in the shop and cut it.
The DVD is $10 plus shipping. This is a data DVD that you will use on your computer to watch the video tutorial
The DVD also works fine on a MAC. The viewer program is not MAC compatible but there is an included PDF with all the patterns shown as thumbnails for easy viewing.
The books are $12 each and available for instant download after purchase. Click for Video Demonstration.
The Scrollsaw Workshop is primarily supported by donations. If you enjoy this Blog and would like to make a donation please click this Button. Your support is greatly appreciated.
Bear Woods has been around since 1987 serving our hobby. They offer a wide range of craft products including Pegas scroll saw blades, clock inserts, toy parts, workshop supplies and much more. In my ten years of writing the Scrollsaw Workshop blog I have never received a complaint about Bear Woods. I get thousands of email a month so that's saying something about their customer service and quality products. Please support the people who support our hobby. Click now and visit Bear Woods.
Heritage Wood Specialties is a nationally recognized supplier of superior quality hardwoods to fine woodworkers across the US and Canada. Novice hobbyists and experienced enthusiasts alike can enjoy the high quality woodworking materials and kits available from Heritage Wood Specialties. Great source for scroll saw ready boards.
Seyco began business in 1986 with the goal to supply the best customer support and quality products in the scroll saw industry. I have worked with Seyco on many occasions and I can tell you they are simply the best. Please do yourself a favor and click the image above. Steve Good
This is a PDF of all the patterns in my free catalog. It is for Windows only and has a program to automatically download the pattern to your computer. Please watch the video below before you order. Click the picture to order.
You do not need a PayPal account to order. At the bottom of the PayPal page is a button that will allow you to pay with a credit card. After successful payment click the Return to Merchant button for the download.
The Scrollsaw Workshop Stencil Printer 1.7 is my latest software for creating patterns. It will create key chain fobs, desk name plates and more. Click the image above to download the latest version. It is free to use donationware. This software is for Windows PC only.
Use the Scroll Saw Keychain Maker to start a small keychain business. Build yourself a nice display and make up severl keychains with common names. Sell at craft shows, on Ebay or at work. Everyone needs a keychain. Take custom orders. Heck just make them and give them away as gifts. It's all made easy with the Scroll Saw Keychain Maker. Watch the video demonstration then download the file below and get started with the fun.
The following link will start the download process. After the file download is complete just click the setup file and the program will be installed.
Enjoy designing and printing these great personalized key chains. Give them as gifts, make them for fun or sell them at craft shows. It's easy, just watch the video demo then download and install the program. You will be designing these fun projects in minutes. Windows PC only.
Download the Free Oval Key Chain Pattern Maker. Create Oval key chain patterns in seconds. Download Version .9a Please consider a $5 donation for The Oval Key Chain Pattern Maker.
Show your love for the hobby and support the Scrollsaw Workshop. Safe and secure order fullfilled by CafePress. Take a look. You are sure to find something you like. CLICK THE IMAGE to visit the store.
This video is from Philip Lowndes. He is the designer of this beautiful Noah's Arc puzzle pattern. If you would like the pattern follow the link below. Buy This Wonderful Heirloom Puzzle Pattern
Remember to keep the safety of yourself and others in your work shop in your thoughts at all times. Always wear eye and ear protection. Follow all the manufactures warnings that came with your power tools. If I demonstrate something on this web site that you don't feel is safe, don't do it. Your safety is your responsibility. Fingers are handy things, try to keep all of them.
The Scrollsaw Workshop Blog is in no way affiliated with or sponsored by Scroll Saw Woodworking and Crafts Magazine formerly (Scroll Saw Workshop Magazine) or it's publisher Fox Chapel Publishing.
Freddie Prinze Jr. stars as Jack, an advertising executive who's leading the carefree, glamorous life of a successful young bachelor in Manhattan -- until he meets Jill (Taryn Manning), a newcomer to the city with a distinct devil-may-care streak. The two fall hard for each other and create a mission statement for their relationship, including the cardinal rule, "Be honest" -- a rule that brings unexpected consequences when Jill breaks it.
This site is archived for historical purposes. Check out our new site Truth In Gaming for current video game reviews!
Youtube videos can be attached to reviews now. This should be particularly useful for video game reviews.
PSN accounts can be added via the settings page, same as Steam accounts. Browse page updated, reviewed or listed films have purple stars.
Every Wednesday night Short’s Eastside hosts community night! 15% of each sale will go to a local organization! Call us or use the link below if you want your organization to be involved!
A service of the J/Creative Media Department, the College of Communication and Information Sciences, at the University of Alabama.
Moving average (The range over which the average is computed. If set to 10, the average will be computed for 11 shots: the current one, 5 before it, and 5 ahead of it): 0 6 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100
If you have actually been having a hard time to obtain out of financial debt for a long time and you seem like you're lacking alternatives, there may come a time when you make a decision to declare personal bankruptcy. Lots of people consider bankruptcy just after they pursue financial obligation consolidation or debt negotiation These options can help you get your finances back on course as well as will not negatively influence your credit as long as a personal bankruptcy. Borrowers must understand that there are numerous alternatives to personal bankruptcy, particularly if they are considering filing for Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy.
If a borrower has absolutely nothing left that is important, such as property or earnings, an additional insolvency option is just to quit paying lenders. At, lawyers from our network assess instances and also determine whether declare Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy, Chapter 13 personal bankruptcy, or one more debt management strategy will be best.
Sole proprietorships could also be qualified for alleviation under chapter 13 of the Personal bankruptcy Code. If you want to discharge your charge card debt, clinical as well as energy costs, stay clear of foreclosure, and also evaluate the practicality of financial debt monitoring plans or financial debt settlement strategies, you require the assistance of certified bankruptcy lawyers.
Declare bankruptcy is a legal process that either minimizes, restructures or eliminates your financial obligations. Financial institutions could intend to prevent a borrower going into insolvency, calculating that a personal bankruptcy declaring will certainly minimize the amount of the financial debt that will certainly be paid off to them. Attorneys from our network could discuss which kind of bankruptcy will best secure your possessions while wiping out the largest amount of financial debt, so you'll understand you're choosing the best course for you.
Due to the fact that you fell short the ways test for Phase 7, you 'd have to if you file Chapter 13 personal bankruptcy either to conserve a property or. If you take a closer take a look at your budget plan, you might have the ability to eliminate those nice-to-haves like cord or satellite television, cell and also landline phones. If you need to choose between settling a couple of financial debts or filing personal bankruptcy, settle the debts, yet do it right.
The Legislation Workplaces of Kevin Ahrenholz can help you in submitting Phase 7, Phase 11, Chapter 12, as well as Phase 13 personal bankruptcy. The feasible positive side with figuring out a Phase 13 is your only bankruptcy option is that you could have accessibility to funds that may permit you to settle your financial obligations rapidly. Individuals that made use of Phase 13 personal bankruptcy, best referred to as wage earner's bankruptcy," had to do with split in their success.
Throughout this moment, a bankruptcy discharge could avoid you from obtaining brand-new credit lines as well as may also create troubles when you look for jobs. Most of the people filing bankruptcy were not particularly affluent. Our personal bankruptcy lawyers can aid you to explore non-bankruptcy options to assist you locate the financial obligation alleviation service that is ideal for you.
To read more about bankruptcy and various other debt-relief options, inquire from a local credit report counselor or review the Federal Profession Commission's educational pages. The individuals and also organisation that declare personal bankruptcy have far more financial obligations compared to loan to cover them and also do not see that altering anytime quickly.
If one of these bankruptcy options saves your credit scores, it's much better to take it, even if it will certainly take a bit longer or set you back a little bit more to get rid of your financial obligation. This is a better option for the lender than if the borrower has actually the debt released in Phase 7 personal bankruptcy or positioned in a court-approved settlement plan in a Phase 13 bankruptcy.
In Phase 13 consolidation" personal bankruptcy, you get to maintain all of your property, however you pay into a three- to five-year repayment plan. Even so, bankruptcy is still costly, and because of that, we offer nine different layaway plan alternatives that will fit most budgets. Therefore, prior to determining if insolvency is your best course of action, it's wise to contrast all alternatives you need to get debt alleviation without bankruptcy.
Even though people can file a bankruptcy circumstance with no attorney or “pro se,” it is actually severely hard to do it competently.|The thoughts expressed on this Web-site signify just the views of Robinson Legislation Personal computer and they are on no account meant as lawful information on which you ought to count.|Take note: You may be having further more behind since you will not be Benefiting from all readily available tax credits and income nutritional supplements. Use our You should not Leave Revenue over the Table! checklist to discover if you can be boosting your income with more credits, refunds and Rewards.|The stress and tension of having these debts and currently being pressured by assortment organizations is simply too tough so that you can deal with, or|Filing Chapter thirteen bankruptcy stops foreclosure, removes bank card debt, and other debts for instance professional medical charges or private loans. In some instances, Filing Chapter 13 bankruptcy can strip or get rid of a next mortgage loan lien or a 3rd property finance loan lien with a home.|There are lots of means of locating a very low-Value legal Skilled online. It is possible to try employing a free lawyer Listing to think of a superb listing of candidates. The draw back to this technique is always that you need to contact or go to each one of them and explain your financial problem.|You will need to provide the identify and tackle of the business or individual connected with the lease or agreement, a description from the lease or deal, as well as account quantity.|at a small charge and obtain it performed fast. The main will be the income certification kind. It is going to condition your cash move as well as it’s intending to exhibit a cost system.|Don't hide information and facts from them the attorney. Place your data to choose from Therefore the attorney can present you with an informed response according to the true specifics of one's case. You’ll probably discover some very competent, small-Price tag bankruptcy legal professionals or perhaps pro bono bankruptcy lawyers that are willing to aid.|Which has a Free Session, we can easily start to help you, Your loved ones, or your smaller organization on the most effective route to money recovery. We provide skilled and caring Very affordable Attorneys for Bankruptcy with no unpleasant surprises that a lot less-skilled bankruptcy attorneys might induce.|It is possible to Get hold of us even after your situation is shut. Shut conditions might occasionally must be reopened and it is nice to learn that we are going to be there in your case whatever.|The listing of creditors, account quantities, addresses, and amounts owed needs to be as finish as you possibly can in order to avoid complications once the bankruptcy. Creditors who're not notified via the court docket will endeavor to collect despite the bankruptcy.|Any creditors or debts not shown in the paperwork filed Using the court docket will be exempt through the bankruptcy filing. That means they're going to even now be capable of look for recompense for your debts even after this process is complete. Make sure you include all suitable debts and creditors when filing.|Get yourself again on course. With the summary of your bankruptcy system, that you are discharged. You might be no more accountable for discharged debts, and creditors can't choose any action from you. You at the moment are prepared to start out rebuilding your credit history.|It absolutely was obvious from the types of inquiries she was inquiring that she had done her research. This method ongoing for just a handful of extra weeks and by then, we had been starting to suspect that she was not a real debtor in search of to file bankruptcy but instead, an attorney wanting to enrich her very own knowledge of bankruptcy from our professionals.|FreeProBono helped me obtain an area Professional bono attorney that believed in my trigger. I was overwhelemed but they helped me by means of my problems and now I'm saved!|To sign up for updates for local and national court subject areas, or to entry your subscriber Tastes, make sure you enter your Make contact with information under.|Schedule H – Co-debtors: You have to supply the courts With all the title and tackle of co-debtors which can be responsible for any debts that you've included in your bankruptcy filing.|The subsequent bankruptcy forms will be demanded regardless if you are filing Chapter 7 or thirteen (Except normally indicated). It is possible to attain the forms for free from your U. S. Bankruptcy Court Web page.|BAPCA is essential bankruptcy reform law that took influence in 2005 and continue to has key implications for bankruptcy today. Take a minute to familiarize yourself with BAPCA.}
Illustrations: A lender that offers you a house home loan provides a ''secured curiosity'' on your property. Generally, a lender on a vehicle purchase will have a secured fascination in the car. ''House equity'' financial loans are also ''secured financial loans.''
Consequently you may confidently carry out your transaction on our americanabankruptcy.com" website being aware of that it is not possible for your payment information and facts to go into the incorrect fingers.
Yes, this counseling needs a credit history inquiry. It is a “tender” pull within your credit rating, nevertheless, and will likely not have an affect on your credit history score or exhibit on any 3rd party credit score report requests.
The debtor should get counseling and certification from the non-profit credit-counseling company ahead of the varieties is commonly submitted in your bankruptcy.You might really need to take into consideration somebody or two periods in order for you to hunt out certification.
You might want to think about the finical setting up session will allow you to to amass again all over again along with your toes moreover get ready superior for that potential.
(In some cases we cost one month’s payment to our Business initially in mortgage conduit scenarios or other scenarios. Chapter 13’s legal charges are court docket-set at $4000, Therefore the Chapter 13 Trustee will usually must pay out All those expenses – or the amount remaining to the demand- out in the proceeds of your respective circumstance if you stay in the case very long ample for that to happen).
This will have to be settled applying proper legal methods. Once more It truly is sensible to seek Qualified lawful information. Keep in mind that you'll be permitted to make such motions only whilst your situation is open up. Don't wait around right up until immediately after it has closed.
Your privateness is significant to Americana Bankruptcy which is why Americana Bankruptcy by no means shares your information with everyone. Americana Bankruptcy uses the information you give strictly for planning your paperwork as described within our privateness coverage.
The U.S. Trustee Application encourages integrity and effectiveness from the country’s bankruptcy system by imposing bankruptcy guidelines and oversees private trustees.
Clara's guidance circumstance is clearly an exception nevertheless the general performance of our customer service team is rather standard.
Using these forms end, and likewise your certification now extensive, you might have to contain the non-income credit history counselor to fill out your affidavit and arrangement for credit counseling. Your attorney will notarize The form, but additionally, you will will have to deliver it along with having a coy of one's point out ID.
Liens could be ''voluntary'' or ''involuntary.'' You ''voluntarily'' provide a creditor a lien if you but an automobile on credit score. You incur an ''involuntary'' lien when a court orders that a creditor has a lawful declare on your own home or possibly a workman places a lien on your assets.
Filing Chapter 7 bankruptcy stops creditors and stops assortment calls instantly. A chapter seven is usually an effective way to halt wage garnishment and to get a clean begin for debts which can be also much at the rear of to repay.}
This chapter of the Personal bankruptcy Code typically provides for reconstruction, generally entailing a corporation or collaboration. Bankruptcy remains on your credit report for 7-10 years, depending upon which phase of personal bankruptcy you file under. It may be time to proclaim insolvency if it is going to take even more compared to five years for you to pay off all your debts. Phase 13 bankruptcies compose concerning 30 percent of non-business bankruptcy filings. Declaring personal bankruptcy with a court is the primary step.
If filing personal bankruptcy is appropriate for you, a bankruptcy lawyer can clarify your alternatives as well as help you determine. Make the effort to calculate what does it cost? money you need to prevent bankruptcy. We are the personal bankruptcy lawyers you can call to aid you achieve liberty from your financial institutions and reclaim economic security. The automatic stay" order prevents lenders from trying to accumulate from you during the insolvency process.
The brand-new insolvency regulation needs credit score counseling before personal bankruptcy filings anyway so it deserves it to highly think about credit counseling as an insolvency option. The American Bankruptcy Institute (ABI) did a study of PACER statistics (public court records) from 2016 as well as found that 95.5% of the 499,909 Phase 7 insolvency instances chose that year were released, meaning the person was no more lawfully called for to pay the debt.
A Phase 13 consumer bankruptcy involves paying off a few of your financial debts to have actually the rest forgiven. It is necessary to recognize that while bankruptcy is a possibility to begin again, it absolutely affects your credit score and also future capability to utilize loan. Bankruptcy is a legal process made to stop collection telephone calls and erase financial debt permanently.
Your credit card business will decide whether you could maintain your bank card after your bankruptcy. If you haven't done so now, this could be where you understand you have to discover an insolvency legal representative Lawful counsel is not a demand for individuals filing for either Chapter 7 or Phase 13 personal bankruptcy, but you are taking a severe risk if you prefer to represent on your own.
Declaring personal bankruptcy can permit you to obtain a fresh economic beginning. Most individuals that declare bankruptcy select either a Phase 7 or Phase 13 case. Your co-signer still might be lawfully obliged to pay all or component of your funding when you state bankruptcy. Still, as a result of the long-term results of personal bankruptcy, some specialists believe it's most beneficial when you have greater than $15,000 in the red.
Chapter 7 insolvency is a court procedure that is created to erase credit card debt, medical financial obligation, and various other sorts of unsecured financial debts for people who can no longer afford to settle them. For a thorough conversation of non-bankruptcy alternatives, have a look at Solve Your Money Troubles: Debt, Debt & Insolvency, by Robin Leonard and also Margaret Reiter (Nolo).
The possibility of a debtor filing for bankruptcy will certainly inspire some lenders to agree to lower the monthly payment, create a lasting settlement plan, or decrease the interest rate or the financial debt. For something, you could not recognize government or state personal bankruptcy regulations or understand which laws relate to your case, specifically concerning exactly what financial obligations can or cannot be released.
Declare personal bankruptcy is a legal procedure that either reduces, reorganizes or removes your financial obligations. Creditors might wish to stay clear of a borrower entering into personal bankruptcy, determining that a bankruptcy filing will decrease the quantity of the debt that will be paid off to them. Lawyers from our network can clarify which sort of personal bankruptcy will certainly ideal protect your assets while erasing the largest amount of debt, so you'll recognize you're picking the right path for you.
No. If you could pay your bills when they schedule, it's a smart idea to do so. However, if your financial debts are significantly more than your properties and income, personal bankruptcy may be your finest alternative. In addition, individual borrowers who have routine income might look for a modification of financial debts under chapter 13 of the Bankruptcy Code A particular advantage of phase 13 is that it offers individual borrowers with a possibility to save their houses from repossession by enabling them to "catch up" past due settlements through a payment plan.
Relying on the type, or "phase," of personal bankruptcy, financial debts are discriminated. Taking part in a credit rating or debt counseling agency's debt administration program is a little bit like declare Phase 13 personal bankruptcy. Bankruptcy carries some substantial lasting penalties since it will stay on your credit history record for 7-10 years, however there is a wonderful mental as well as emotional lift when you're provided a new beginning and also all your financial obligations are gotten rid of.
If a debtor has absolutely nothing left that is beneficial, such as residential property or income, an additional bankruptcy choice is just to quit paying lenders. At, legal representatives from our network assess cases as well as figure out whether filing for Chapter 7 insolvency, Chapter 13 personal bankruptcy, or an additional financial debt monitoring strategy will certainly be best.
In Chapter 7 liquidation" personal bankruptcy, residential or commercial property gets marketed to pay off lenders for financial debt relief (although many people maintain most, otherwise all, of their assets). If Chapter 13 bankruptcy is your only bankruptcy alternative that you could have a property that you can liquidate to settle your debts right away, there is a suitable possibility that.
Chapter 13 bankruptcy typically varies from 3 5 years to discharge. Only 24,375 insolvency instances were filed by services in 2015. There are various other methods to handle creditors short of applying for personal bankruptcy. In 2015, personal bankruptcy filers owed $113 billion and also had properties of $77 billion, the majority of that being realty holdings, whose real value is arguable.
For more information about insolvency and also various other debt-relief alternatives, seek advice from a regional credit scores therapist or check out the Federal Profession Commission's informational web pages. The people and also company that file for personal bankruptcy have far more financial obligations than money to cover them as well as don't see that changing anytime quickly.
When insolvency is the only various other option for the debtor, an additional insolvency option is to ask financial institutions to concur to a settlement plan Many financial institutions will consent. Our costs for pre-filing Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy solutions are one of the lowest in the country. If some combination of home mortgage debt, bank card financial debt, medical expenses and also trainee financings has actually ravaged you monetarily as well as you do not see that image altering, insolvency might be the best response.
Though business continues to operate during bankruptcy proceedings, most of the choices are made with permission from the courts. It's far better to look for other options before submitting Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 insolvency since insolvency can have such a destructive impact on your credit rating score. Your possessions will be sold by a court-appointed bankruptcy trustee.
During this time, a personal bankruptcy discharge can prevent you from getting brand-new lines of credit and also could also cause issues when you apply for work. A lot of individuals submitting bankruptcy were not specifically rich. Our bankruptcy lawyers could assist you to discover non-bankruptcy alternatives to assist you locate the financial obligation alleviation remedy that is ideal for you.
Talking with an insolvency legal representative could aid you familiarize your options as well as recognize the bankruptcy process. If you're thinking about submitting Chapter 7 insolvency, full our questionaire to see if you qualify. As an example, you might have the ability to prevent bankruptcy if you market some assets, reduced on your spending plan, make a deal with your lenders, as well as borrow cash from friends and family.
Let your lenders understand you are having monetary problem and intend to avoid bankruptcy. - as well as do not have the earnings to pay for it. There were 844,495 bankruptcy cases submitted in 2015, and 97% of them (819,760) were submitted by people. If the debtor's "existing regular monthly revenue" is more than the state average, the Insolvency Code calls for application of a "indicates test" to identify whether the chapter 7 filing is presumptively violent.
If you've been having a hard time to get from financial obligation for a very long time and you seem like you're lacking options, there might come a time when you make a decision to proclaim personal bankruptcy. Most people consider personal bankruptcy only after they go after debt combination or financial debt negotiation These options can assist you obtain your funds back on track as well as will not negatively impact your credit report as long as a bankruptcy. Debtors need to realize that there are several choices to insolvency, specifically if they are contemplating filing for Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy.
If a debtor has absolutely nothing left that is valuable, such as building or earnings, another insolvency alternative is simply to quit paying creditors. At, lawyers from our network review situations and identify whether filing for Phase 7 personal bankruptcy, Phase 13 insolvency, or one more financial obligation management strategy will be best.
Sole proprietorships may also be eligible for relief under phase 13 of the Bankruptcy Code. If you wish to discharge your charge card financial debt, medical as well as utility bills, avoid repossession, and also analyze the practicality of financial debt monitoring plans or debt settlement strategies, you need the help of qualified personal bankruptcy attorneys.
Filing for insolvency is a lawful procedure that either minimizes, reorganizes or eliminates your financial debts. Financial institutions could want to avoid a debtor entering into personal bankruptcy, calculating that an insolvency filing will reduce the amount of the financial obligation that will be paid back to them. Lawyers from our network could describe which kind of personal bankruptcy will certainly finest secure your possessions while eliminating the biggest quantity of financial debt, so you'll know you're choosing the right course for you.
You would certainly have to if you submit Phase 13 personal bankruptcy either to conserve a property or because you failed the ways examination for Phase 7. You could be able to reduce out those nice-to-haves like cable television or satellite television, landline and cell phones if you take a closer look at your budget. If you have to choose in between settling a few financial debts or submitting bankruptcy, settle the financial obligations, but do it right.
The Legislation Workplaces of Kevin Ahrenholz can assist you in submitting Phase 7, Chapter 11, Chapter 12, as well as Chapter 13 insolvency. The feasible positive side with finding out a Phase 13 is your only personal bankruptcy option is that you could have access to funds that may enable you to settle your financial obligations rapidly. People who made use of Phase 13 personal bankruptcy, best known as breadwinner's insolvency," had to do with split in their success.
During this moment, a bankruptcy discharge can avoid you from acquiring brand-new credit lines and might also create problems when you get work. Most of the people submitting bankruptcy were not specifically wealthy. Our insolvency lawyers could assist you to explore non-bankruptcy alternatives in order to help you discover the financial obligation alleviation option that is best for you.
To read more about insolvency and also various other debt-relief alternatives, consult from a regional credit history therapist or review the Federal Profession Commission's educational web pages. The individuals and also service who file for personal bankruptcy have even more financial debts than cash to cover them and also don't see that changing anytime soon.
If among these insolvency options saves your credit rating, it's much better to take it, even if it will certainly take a bit longer or cost a little bit even more to obtain rid of your debt. This is a better choice for the creditor than if the debtor has the debt discharged in Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy or put in a court-approved settlement strategy in a Chapter 13 bankruptcy.
In Phase 13 combination" bankruptcy, you get to maintain every one of your home or business, yet you pay into a 3- to five-year payment plan. Even so, bankruptcy is still expensive, and also because of that, we offer nine different payment plan alternatives that will certainly fit most budgets. For this reason, prior to figuring out if bankruptcy is your ideal course of action, it's important to contrast all options you need to obtain debt alleviation without personal bankruptcy.
Learn how Chapter 13 consumer bankruptcy works, whether you can pass the qualification "implies test," exactly what occurs to your residence and also cars and truck in Chapter 7, which financial obligations will be released by Chapter 7 bankruptcy, and also a lot more. A Chapter 13 insolvency involves paying off some of your debts to have actually the remainder forgiven. It is necessary to recognize that while bankruptcy is a possibility to start over, it certainly impacts your credit and also future ability to use loan. Insolvency is a lawful procedure created to put a stop to collection calls and also erase debt for good.
The opportunity of a debtor filing for insolvency will certainly inspire some financial institutions to accept reduce the month-to-month payment, produce a lasting repayment plan, or reduce the rate of interest or the financial debt. For one point, you may not comprehend government or state insolvency laws or realize which legislations apply to your case, particularly concerning just what debts could or can't be released.
We have the ability to help you with credit score counseling decisions as well as can help you purge your financial obligation tons via insolvency. Explore alternatives to Phase 7 or Phase 13 bankruptcy prior to you submit. Phase 11 is commonly referred to as reorganization insolvency" since it offers organisations a possibility to stay open while they restructure the business' financial debts as well as properties so it can repay financial institutions.
If you are having a hard time to pay off overdue financial debts and also being pestered by collection agencies, an insolvency attorney can aid. Nevertheless, it may be possible to transform your phase 13 into a phase 7 personal bankruptcy, if you are not successful. Your personal bankruptcy attorney can assist you stay clear of foreclosure, quit car repossession, eliminate clinical expenses, and discharge charge card debt.
Such borrowers ought to consider filing a request under chapter 11 of the Insolvency Code Under phase 11, the borrower does not stay clear of bankruptcy however could look for a change of financial obligations. And, if you do, you may be able to create an outcome that could be far more positive than a Chapter 13 bankruptcy. We understand that filing for insolvency can look like a difficult procedure when you're overwhelmed with financial debt-- especially if you're dealing with a wage garnishment, a pending claim, or a house repossession.
Filing insolvency can allow you to obtain a fresh financial beginning. A lot of people who apply for personal bankruptcy choose either a Phase 7 or Phase 13 case. Your co-signer still may be lawfully bound to pay all or component of your car loan when you state personal bankruptcy. Still, as a result of the lasting results of personal bankruptcy, some specialists think it's most valuable when you have more than $15,000 in debts.
Your charge card company will certainly choose whether you can maintain your charge card after your personal bankruptcy. If you have not done so now, this could be where you recognize you have to discover an insolvency attorney Legal advice is not a requirement for individuals filing for either Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy, yet you are taking a serious risk if you prefer to represent yourself.
The brand-new personal bankruptcy legislation calls for credit score therapy prior to personal bankruptcy filings anyhow so it deserves it to strongly consider credit score counseling as an insolvency choice. The American Personal Bankruptcy Institute (ABI) did a research of PACER stats (public court records) from 2016 and also found that 95.5% of the 499,909 Chapter 7 bankruptcy situations chose that year were discharged, implying the individual was not legitimately called for to pay the debt.
For more information about insolvency as well as various other debt-relief choices, consult from a regional credit counselor or read the Federal Trade Payment's informational pages. The individuals as well as organisation that declare bankruptcy have far more financial debts than cash to cover them and don't see that transforming anytime quickly.
Throughout this moment, a personal bankruptcy discharge can prevent you from obtaining brand-new lines of credit and also may even cause troubles when you obtain jobs. Most of individuals filing personal bankruptcy were not particularly rich. Our insolvency attorneys can aid you to check out non-bankruptcy choices in order to help you discover the financial debt alleviation remedy that is best for you.
Consumer bankruptcy is a last hope for companies and also individuals, including Gawker Media, the business that has this website. The Legislation Offices of Kevin Ahrenholz could aid you in filing Chapter 7, Phase 11, Phase 12, as well as Phase 13 personal bankruptcy. The feasible silver lining with discovering a Chapter 13 is your only bankruptcy alternative is that you may have accessibility to funds that might permit you to resolve your financial debts promptly. Individuals who made use of Chapter 13 personal bankruptcy, best referred to as breadwinner's bankruptcy," had to do with split in their success.
In Phase 13 debt consolidation" personal bankruptcy, you reach maintain all of your home or business, yet you pay into a 3- to five-year settlement plan. Even so, insolvency is still pricey, as well as because of that, we offer 9 different layaway plan options that will certainly fit most spending plans. Because of this, prior to establishing if personal bankruptcy is your best course of action, it's a good idea to contrast all alternatives you have to get financial obligation relief without bankruptcy.
You would certainly have to if you submit Phase 7 bankruptcy either to conserve an asset or because you failed the methods examination for Phase 7. If you take a closer look at your budget, you could have the ability to eliminate those nice-to-haves like wire or satellite cell, landline and also tv phones. If you need to select between clearing up a few debts or submitting bankruptcy, settle the debts, yet do it right.
It is not constantly feasible to stay clear of insolvency, but it makes good sense to wear down all choices to bankruptcy prior to declaring Chapter 7, Phase 13, or Chapter 11. This might seem a little bit complicated, so why not do it right the first time? LegalZoom can attach you with a personal bankruptcy attorney who will certainly help you figure out which type of insolvency is right for you, prepare and also submit the necessary records, as well as suggest you throughout the insolvency procedure.
Sole proprietorships might also be qualified for alleviation under chapter 13 of the Personal bankruptcy Code. If you want to release your charge card debt, clinical and also utility expenses, stay clear of foreclosure, and also assess the stability of debt management plans or debt settlement strategies, you need the support of certified insolvency attorneys.
Such borrowers ought to think about filing a petition under phase 11 of the Insolvency Code Under chapter 11, the debtor does not stay clear of personal bankruptcy however could look for an adjustment of financial obligations. As well as, if you do, you might be able to produce an outcome that might be a lot more positive than a Phase 13 bankruptcy. We understand that declare bankruptcy could appear like a complicated procedure when you're bewildered with financial obligation-- especially if you're taking care of a wage garnishment, a pending lawsuit, or a house foreclosure.
Declare bankruptcy is a legal procedure that either minimizes, reorganizes or removes your debts. Lenders could wish to avoid a borrower entering into personal bankruptcy, determining that an insolvency filing will certainly minimize the amount of the financial debt that will be paid back to them. Lawyers from our network could clarify which type of insolvency will certainly ideal protect your possessions while erasing the largest quantity of financial debt, so you'll recognize you're picking the appropriate path for you.
There is one considerable drawback to filing for insolvency, nonetheless: a bankruptcy will stay on a borrower's credit score document for as much as ten years. When considering debt settlement vs Chapter 13 insolvency it is very important you recognize that there are two methods to execute financial obligation settlement.
The possibility of a borrower filing for insolvency will certainly motivate some financial institutions to accept decrease the regular monthly settlement, develop a click now long-term payment strategy, or lower the rates of interest or the financial obligation. For one thing, you might not understand government or state personal bankruptcy legislations or be aware which regulations put on your case, particularly regarding what financial debts can or can not be released.
Taking part in a credit report or financial obligation counseling agency's financial debt monitoring program is a little bit like declare Chapter 13 bankruptcy. Bankruptcy lugs some significant lasting penalties due to the fact that it will remain on your credit history report for 7-10 years, but there is a great psychological and emotional lift when you're given a fresh start as well as all your financial obligations are eliminated.
Discover if Chapter 13 Reorganization is a much better option for you than Phase 7 insolvency. Personal bankruptcy remains on your credit history record for 7-10 years, relying on which phase of bankruptcy you file under. If it is going to take more than five years for you to pay off all your debts, it might be time to state bankruptcy. Chapter 13 personal bankruptcies comprise concerning 30 percent of non-business bankruptcy filings. Filing Liquidation with a court is the first step.
Our experienced team of Liquidation attorneys offer calculated lawful advise to help devise the very best debt management strategy. If their financial debts do not go beyond a specific quantity, individuals could just submit for personal bankruptcy under Chapter 13. But dealing with a credit scores or debt counseling firm has one benefit: No bankruptcy will certainly appear on your credit score record.
The Legislation Offices of Kevin Ahrenholz could aid you in filing Chapter 7, Phase 11, Phase 12, and also Chapter 13 insolvency. The feasible silver lining with discovering a Phase 13 is your only bankruptcy choice is that you may have access to funds that may allow you to resolve your financial debts rapidly. People that made use of Phase 13 insolvency, best called breadwinner's Bankruptcy," were about split in their success.
Phase 7 Insolvency is a court procedure that is designed to erase charge card financial debt, medical financial debt, and also other sorts of unsecured debts for individuals who could no more afford to repay them. For a complete conversation of non-bankruptcy alternatives, check out Solve Your Cash Difficulties: Financial Debt, Credit History & Personal Bankruptcy, by Robin Leonard and also Margaret Reiter (Nolo).
Participating in a credit rating or financial obligation therapy company's financial obligation management program is a bit like filing for Phase 13 insolvency.Insolvency brings some substantial lasting penalties because it will certainly stay on your credit history report for 7-10 years, however there is an excellent psychological and emotional lift when you're given a fresh start and all your debts are gotten rid of.
While bankruptcy could provide alleviation as well as a clean slate from a lot of debts, it is additionally considered the "financial debt option of last option". Our law practice has been practicing regulation over 90 years, as well as our insolvency team has decades of combined experience helping people deal with the monetary trials of life. Your credit scores record may not withstand considerably much more damages, specifically if you constantly pay your bills after stating insolvency.
If a borrower has nothing left that is valuable, such as property or earnings, another insolvency choice is merely to quit paying financial institutions. At, lawyers from our network identify and also evaluate instances whether declare Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy, Chapter 13 insolvency, or an additional debt monitoring method will certainly be best.
Speaking to an insolvency attorney could aid you become aware of your alternatives and comprehend the personal bankruptcy procedure. If you're thinking of filing Phase 7 bankruptcy, full our questionaire to see if you certify. As an example, you could be able to stay clear of bankruptcy if you sell some possessions, cut down on your spending plan, negotiate with your financial institutions, as well as borrow loan from family and friends.
Though business continues to operate throughout bankruptcy process, most of the choices are made with permission from the courts. It's far better to look for other alternatives prior to filing Phase 7 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy since personal bankruptcy could have such a terrible impact on your debt score. Your assets will certainly be sold by a court-appointed insolvency trustee.
There are a number of kinds of personal bankruptcy for which individuals or married couples can file, one of the most typical being Chapter 7 as well as Chapter 13. Chapter 7 bankruptcy is a chance to get a court judgment that releases you from obligation for paying back financial debts. Within one company day of when you call or email our workplace, you will receive contact from our office using to set up a complimentary, same-day bankruptcy qualification evaluation where we examine whether you are qualified for insolvency, and also if so, what phase of personal bankruptcy is finest fit for you.
The federal government calls for all possible filers to experience credit history counseling prior to stating Liquidation. Let your lenders know you are having monetary trouble as well as wish to avoid Personal Bankruptcy. - and don't have the revenue to pay for it. There were 844,495 personal bankruptcy situations filed in 2015, and 97% of them (819,760) were submitted by people. If the debtor's "present monthly earnings" is more than the state average, the Personal bankruptcy Code calls for application of a "suggests examination" to identify whether the phase 7 filing is presumably violent.
We have the capability in order to help you with credit scores therapy choices and also could aid you remove your debt load via insolvency. Discover options to Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 insolvency before you submit. Phase 11 is typically referred to as reorganization personal bankruptcy" since it offers services a possibility to remain open while they restructure the business' debts as well as properties so it could pay back lenders.
Declaring Consumer Bankruptcy can enable you to obtain a fresh financial start. The majority of people that declare personal bankruptcy pick either a Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 situation. When you state insolvency, your co-signer still might be legitimately obliged to pay all or component of your car loan. Still, as a result of the lasting effects of personal bankruptcy, some specialists believe it's most beneficial when you have more than $15,000 in debts.
While insolvency can supply relief and a new beginning from many financial obligations, it is likewise considered Go Here the "financial obligation alternative of last resource". Our law office has been practicing legislation over 90 years, as well as our personal bankruptcy group has years of consolidated experience aiding individuals encounter the financial tests of life. Your credit rating report might not sustain dramatically extra damages, especially if you constantly pay your costs after stating personal bankruptcy.
The new bankruptcy law calls for credit rating therapy before personal bankruptcy filings anyway so it's worth it to strongly think about credit score therapy as a personal bankruptcy option. The American Bankruptcy Institute (ABI) did a study of PACER statistics (public court documents) from 2016 and also discovered that 95.5% of the 499,909 Chapter 7 bankruptcy cases determined that year were discharged, implying the individual was no longer lawfully required to pay the debt.
When insolvency is the only other option for the debtor, one more bankruptcy option is to ask creditors to agree to a repayment strategy Numerous financial institutions will consent. Our costs for pre-filing Chapter 7 bankruptcy services are just one of the lowest in the country. If some combination of home loan debt, charge card financial debt, medical costs and trainee car loans has ruined you financially as well as you do not see that image transforming, bankruptcy may be the most effective answer.
Our knowledgeable group of insolvency attorneys give calculated legal guidance to help design the very best debt administration strategy. People could only declare personal bankruptcy under Chapter 13 if their financial debts do not exceed a certain amount. Yet collaborating with a credit or financial debt therapy firm has one benefit: No personal bankruptcy will certainly show up on your credit history document.
Participating in a credit history or financial debt therapy company's financial obligation management program is a little bit like declare Phase 13 personal bankruptcy. Personal bankruptcy brings some considerable long-lasting penalties due to the fact that it will certainly stay on your credit rating report for 7-10 years, yet there is a wonderful psychological as well as psychological lift when you're offered a new beginning and all your debts are gotten rid of.
Though the business continues to run throughout insolvency proceedings, the majority of the decisions are made with authorization from the courts. It's much better to look for other options before submitting Phase 7 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy because bankruptcy can have such a damaging result on your credit history score. Your properties will be marketed by a court-appointed insolvency trustee.
Bankruptcy is a lawful life line for people drowning in debt. Whether you're taking into consideration Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy, Chapter 11 personal bankruptcy, or Chapter 13 bankruptcy, the suggestions of a knowledgeable insolvency lawyer is suggested. Debtors should also know that out-of-court agreements with creditors or financial obligation therapy services could supply an alternative to a bankruptcy declaring.
We have placed cookies onto your computer to help make this website better. Without them, this site would not function correctly or be able to collect information to make your experience better. By continuing to use this site, we'll assume you're OK with this.
Fat women's golf made ​​from high quality yarn. Longer, can also be worn as a tunic. Entirely made ​​of fashionable, timeless weave a braid. Perfect for chilly days.
Well, that one is no longer and I have now completed my Finding Nemo chalkboard wall. I am really enjoying having this chalkboard wall at the ready for anytime I am feeling creative. Click Read More to see the progress photos for the whole mural of Sydney Harbour.
Laminate flooring has grown tremendously in popularity due to its versatility, durability, and cost effectiveness. It comes in a wide range of styles, including oak, maple, mahogany hardwoods, and tile, and be used in any room in the house. S & D Flooring in Rockwall, TX are experts in installing laminate flooring with over 10 years experience.
There are several factors that you want to consider when installing laminate flooring. It is important to choose the right type of flooring for your application to ensure a long-lasting investment.
Laminate comes in different thickness from 7 to 12 mm. The thicker the material, the less likely it will bend due to irregularities in your floor. Thicker materials are also a better sound barrier.
The material’s AC rating designates its resistance to wear. The higher the AC rating, the more durable the material is. For low traffic residential areas, an AC1 can be used. For high traffic residential areas, an AC3 or AC4 can be used. For any commercial uses, an AC4 or AC5 should be used.
An accoustical pad must be used under the laminate flooring. Many materials come with the pad already attached.
If you are looking for quality laminate floor installation, then S&D Flooring is the best choice in the market. With around 10 years of experience in the industry, the company provides laminate wood flooring installation and finishing services to help you enjoy a charming living space. The flooring is a versatile and durable option preferred by many property owners.
Configure this widget to show voice server info. Ventrilo, TeamSpeak 3 and Mumble servers and widgets are also available.
Create your account. On the next page you will be prompted to fill out an application. This will submit your user account to the site creator to be approved for member level access. You will be able to post in forums for registered users immediately.
Reading the future: the contribution of literacy studies to debates on reading and reading engagement for primary-aged children - Sheffield Hallam University Research Archive
Reading the future: the contribution of literacy studies to debates on reading and reading engagement for primary-aged children
Reading in everyday life is commonly understood to be changing rapidly. It is increasingly multiple, multimodal, and associated with constellations of participatory literacy practices that include the digital. This chapter argues that the field of literacy studies, and the study of new literacies in particular, has much to offer contemporary debates related to reading and reading engagement. New literacies research not only implies a broad conceptualisation of reading but a broader conceptualisation of ‘evidence- based approaches’ than is generally accepted in the arena of school improvement. Studies in the field draw primarily on qualitative methods, often ethnographic, that describe literacies that are hard to gauge in terms of fixed measurable outcomes: literacies that are mobile, fluid, multimodal and meshed with other social practices. Drawing on a review of studies focused on intersections between literacy and technology for 0-11 year-olds from the last five years, this chapter explores five sets of ‘entanglements’ illuminated by research in the field which problematise simple conceptualisations of literacy. It ends with a series of principles for literacy provision which acknowledge these complexities. These are framed as a Charter for Literacy Education.
PlayStation VR has quickly built up a significant user-base of over a million headsets and its own ecosystem of games across a variety of genres. These games form part of a rapidly evolving testing ground for design solutions which can usefully inform HCI design for virtual reality. This paper reviews every PlayStation VR title released in the first three months of its lifecycle in order to identify emerging themes for locomotion. These themes are discussed with respect to the lessons learned as part of the on-going development of an Environmental Narrative game for PlayStation VR as part of the Horizon 2020 REVEAL project.
The music program is lead by an experienced and specialist Music teacher who engages all students from Pre-Primary to Year 6 in music lessons that involve movement, percussion and singing. Our students regularly showcase their skills at assemblies and in the local community.
A vibrant and exciting specialist Visual Arts program is provided by an experienced Visual Arts Specialist for all students from Years 1- 6. Boyanup Primary has a fully equipped art room including a kiln, enabling our specialist Visual Arts teacher to conduct a program where our students learn skills and processes to create their magnificent artworks. The Visual Arts program encourages our students to be creative and to develop their problem solving skills using a variety of expressive forms such as drawing, painting, papercraft, printmaking, sculpture, ceramics, textiles and digital technologies. Many artworks are on display around our school.
Costa Bingo Review – Expert Ratings and User Reviews Six tips to keep you healthy | Euro Palace Casino Blog
Hei! in the morning. Friday, April 06th 2018.03:05:22 AM Tо be exact. These post posted by Stuby Bay and have 41 high-def digital imagery
i am be sure These post is an great for yous design and style foreseeable future, to see at the main post Synthesis Essay Topic Ideas . We belief These motivate yous to be used in yous
All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks, brands and all uploaded materials by users are the property of their respective owners. Free Examples Essay And Paper. All Rights Reversed.
What figures for the period of the Civil War in Russia would you like to see in the new figures of 28 mm?
Siberia miniatures 28/020 Banner of the 2nd consolidated Infantry Regiment of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (Makhnovist); 1/48 (28 mm)
01. Banner of the 2nd consolidated Infantry Regiment of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (Makhnovist); 1/48 (28 mm)
The 105 mm Gun Full Tracked Combat Tank, M60, also known unofficially as the M60 Patton, is a first-generation main battle tank (MBT) introduced in December 1960. It was widely used by the U.S. and its Cold War allies, especially those in NATO, and remains in service throughout the world today despite having been superseded by the M1 Abrams in the U.S. military. Egypt is currently the largest operator with 1,700 upgraded M60A3s, Turkey is second with more than 900 upgraded units in service, and Israel is third with over 700 units of Israeli variants.
Bakers Square Volcano Cake is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
If You Give Everyone The Cakes In The World is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ticking this box indicates that you are giving us permission to collect and store your comments, and for us to contact you to reply to your comments. For more information please view our privacy policy.
If you are reporting a problem then please include as much information as you can, including your email address, and possibly send us a screenshot (see below) if you think that it would help.
We only reply via email (and only if you include your email address), so please do not leave any alternative contact details. It might take us up to 21 days to reply, feel free to email us again if you think that we should have replied (double check your junk/spam folder first).
If you would like to send us a screenshot then visit http://scr.im/brainbashers to see our current anti-spam email address. Please make sure that BrainBashers appears in the SUBJECT of any email to us. If you send us an email, then you are giving us permission to collect and store the contents of your email, and to contact you (we will only ever use your details to respond to your email).
The anti-spam email address changes occasionally, so make sure that you only ever use the current one.
We do allow some free usage, such as charities, community newsletters, small non-commercial websites, etc.
Please contact us with as much information as you can, so we can decide whether to give permission for such usage.
BrainBashers™ is a trademark. This website uses cookies. By using this website you are accepting the use of cookies. For more information please view our privacy policy. By using this website you are also agreeing to our terms and conditions.
It's all about the relationship: PSW competencies in LTC (slides) Marg McKee, PhD.,School of Social Work, Lakehead University and Research Affiliate, Chris England, PSW, Bethammi Nursing Home, Jackie McDonald. PSW, Bethammi Nursing Home
Ontario’s Health Human Resources Leveraging the value of Personal Support Workers (slides),John Amodeo, Director, Health System Labour Relations and Regulatory Policy Branch, Health Human Resources Strategy Division, MOHLTC
PSW: An educators and CAAT’s eye view (slides), Carol Kelsey, M.Sc., B.Sc. (P.T.) Dean, School of Community Development & Health, Fleming College
E-Learning Program for PSW to help improve the quality of care provided to residents in long term care facilities, NICE
Pain Matters |Shifting Focus Booklet | Behavioural Supports Ontario | People, partners and possibilities: Primary care report | Catalyst Initiative: Ontario’s Best Practice Exchange - Executive Summary
Welcome to Claes Place. Sean Claes is a Content Manager and Social Media expert who has worked as a Journalist, Photographer, Event Planner, Consultant, Marketer and Copywriter. He's got over 20 years of experience advising small business and musicians about their marketing and social media.
Delivers sensitive and portable services to individuals who are struggling with a serious mental illness or concurrent disorder
Services are based on a psychosocial model of care which facilitate consumer's full and active participation in the recovery process and promotes independence
Offers Case Management services which provide support services to people that emphasize choice, skills development, community access and consumer rights
Assistance in accessing income support such as Ontario Works and Ontario Disability Support Program (ODSP)
Funding Provincial - Ministry of Health and Long Term Care -- North West Local Health Integrated Network (NWLHIN)
Objective: This paper reports the status of the advanced cardiac life support (ACLS) according to the guidelines by residents belonging to other departments other than the department of emergency medicine. The differences in status between the junior group and senior group was also investigated according to grades of residents.
Methods: The ACLS performance for in-hospital cardiac arrest cases of one academic hospital, except for the cases occurring in intensive care unit between November 2015 and October 2017, were analyzed retrospectively. Data included the characteristics of residents, patients' outcomes, ACLS performance, and conventional treatment having discordance with the ACLS guidelines. Leaders during cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) were divided into a junior group and senior group.
Results: A total of 152 cases were enrolled in this study. Of these, 131 cases (86.2%) showed at least one treatment with inconsistency from the guidelines and the incidence of discordant treatment was similar in the two groups (55 [85.9%] vs. 76 [88.4%], P=0.657). Implicit use of sodium bicarbonate was more frequent in the senior residents group (odds ratio [OR], 3.04; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.36-6.81). On the other hand, no use of a defibrillator was less frequent in the senior residents group (OR, 0.14; 95% CI, 0.03-0.81).
Conclusion: In both groups, the rate of discordance with the ACLS guidelines during CPR were high. The rate of implicit use of sodium bicarbonate and no use of defibrillator were significantly different in the two groups. A customized education strategy for ACLS is needed for each group.
Electromagnetic continuous casting (EMCC) was used to fabricate Ti-6Al-4V alloys with properties suitable for medical applications. Ti-6Al-4V alloy ingots fabricated by EMCC were subjected to heat treatment, such as residual stress removing (RRS), furnace cooling after solution treatment (ST-FC) and water-cooling after solution treatment (ST-WC), in order to obtain characteristics suitable for the standard. After component analysis, the microstructure and mechanical properties (tensile strength and elongation) were evaluated by ICP, gas analysis, OM, SEM, a Rockwell hardness tester and universal testing machine. The Ti-6Al-4V alloy ingot fabricated by EMCC was fabricated without segregation, and the lamellar structure was observed in the RRS and ST-FC specimens. The ST-WC specimen showed only martensite structure. As a result of evaluating the mechanical properties based on the microstructure results, we found that the water-cooled heat treatment condition after the solution treatment was most suitable for the Ti-6Al-4V ELI standard.
In this study, we focused on the correlation between the solidification structure, heat treatment and mechanical properties of the A356 alloy according to the conditions of Sr modification. The microstructural evolution of the eutectic Si and α-Al phase in the A356 alloy castings depending on the amount of Sr were investigated during solid solution heat treatment using an optical microscope, a scanning electron microscope and an image analyzer. In addition, tensile tests on the heat treated materials examined the relationship between the microstructure and the fracture surface. The as-cast A356 alloys under 40 ppm Sr showed an undermodified microstructure, but that of the added 60-80 ppm Sr had well modified structure of fine fibrous silicon. After solid solution treatment, the microstructure of the undermodified A356 alloy exhibited a partially spheroidized morphology, but the remainder showed the fragmentation of fibrous shaped silicon. The spheroidization of the eutectic silicon in the modified A356 alloys was completed during heat treatment, which was very effective in increasing the elongation. This is supported by the fracture surface in the tensile test.
Background: There are insufficient objective or quantitative evidence for the better intervention to improve proprioception particularly for the application of external load. There are conflicting opinions whether the external load is effective for proprioception improvement or not.
Objects: The purpose of this study was to investigate effects of external load on proprioception of shoulder joint quantitatively using 3D motion capture system.
Methods: Nine healthy adults joined for this study. They were asked to perform scapular plane abduction motion with attaching reflective markers on the trunk and upper limb. The 3D positions of finger marker, while they performed the same task with and without external load, were recorded and analyzed.
Results: All participants showed decreased variable errors in the vertical direction when the external load was applied (p<.02). Even though other directions (y, z) and absolute errors increased, they did not have statistical significances.
Conclusion: Based on this study results, the external load application would be effective for shoulder joint position sense improvement.
Background: The craniocervical flexion (CCF) exercise is one of the effective exercise in correcting forward head posture (FHP). However, some people with FHP achieve CCF with compensatory movements, for example, low cervical flexion using superficial neck flexors such as the sternocleidomastoid (SCM) muscle. No study has yet investigated whether a dualpressure biofeedback unit (D-PBU) method to prevent low cervical flexion would be helpful in performing pure CCF movement.
Objects: The purpose of this study was to compare the effects of the CCF using D-PBU method and the traditional CCF method on the cross-sectional area (CSA) of the longus colli muscle (LCM) and the activity of SCM muscle in subjects with FHP.
Methods: Twentyfour FHP subjects (male: 16, female: 8) were recruited for this study. All subjects performed CCF using two different methods: The traditional CCF method and the CCF using D-PBU method. The CSA of the LCM was measured via ultrasound, and surface electromyography was used to measure SCM muscle activity.
Results: The change in CSA of the LCM was significantly larger during the CCF using D-PBU method (1.28±.09) compared with the traditional CCF method (1.19±.08) (p<.05). The SCM muscle activity using the CCF using D-PBU method (2.01±1.97 %MVIC) was significantly lower than when using the traditional CCF method (2.79±2.32 %MVIC) (p<.05).
Conclusion: The CCF using D-PBU method can be recommended for increasing LCM activation and decreasing SCM muscle activity during CCF movement in subjects with FHP.
Background: Stroke patients show abnormal walking patterns due to brain injury. In order to have the desired walking pattern, appropriate stimulation is required to activate the central pattern generator. For this reason, our study performed treadmill ambulatory training with rhythmic auditory stimulation. However we did not consider the influence of visual feedback.
Objects: The purpose of this study was to compare the gait abilities in chronic stroke patients following either treadmill walking training with rhythmic auditory stimulation and visual feedback (TRASVF) or treadmill walking training with rhythmic auditory stimulation (TRAS) alone.
Methods: Twenty-one stroke patients were divided into two groups: A TRASVF group (10 subjects) and a TRAS group (11 subjects). They received 30 minutes of neuro-developmental therapy (NDT) and walking training for 30 minutes, five times a week for three weeks. Temporal and spatial gait parameters were measured before and after the training period. The Biodex gait trainer treadmill system measured gait parameters.
Results: After the training periods, the TRASVF group showed a significant improvement in walking speed, the step length of the affected limb, and time on each foot of the affected limb when compared to the TRAS group (p<.05).
Conclusion: The results of this study showed that the treadmill walking training with rhythmic auditory stimulation and visual feedback improved individual gait ability more than the treadmill walking training with rhythmic auditory stimulation alone. Therefore, visual feedback should be considered along with rhythmic auditory stimulation training.
In this study, the effects of the pouring temperature, preheating temperature, surface condition and fraction of the wear resistant part on the production of duo-castings were investigated using a high Cr white cast iron with excellent abrasion resistance and a low Cr alloy steel with good toughness. The constituent materials of the duo-castings were designed to have high hardness, fracture toughness and abrasive wear resistance for the replacement of high Mn alloy steels with low abrasive wear resistance. In particular, the amount of abrasive wear of 17% Cr white cast iron was about 1/20 of that of high Mn alloy steel. There was an intermediate area of about 3mm due to local melting at the bonding interface of the duo-castings. These intermediate regions were different from those of the constituent materials in chemical composition and microstructure. This region led to fracture within the wear resistant part rather than at the bonding interface in the bending strength test. The bending fracture strengths were 516-824 MPa, which were equivalent to the bending proof strength of high Mn steel. The effects of various casting conditions on the duo-cast behavior were studied by simple pouring of low Cr alloy steel melt, but the results proved practically impossible to manufacture duo-castings with a sound bonding interface. However, the external heating method was suitable for the production of duo-castings with a sound bonding interface.
Background: The deep cervical flexor (DCF) muscles have a crucial role in the management of neck pain. For preventing neck pain by activation of the DCF, craniocervical flexion (CCF) is an effective exercise. However, sternocleidomastoid (SCM) muscle is considered to affect negatively the activation of the DCF. SCM muscle which is an accessory muscle for respiration is activated differently depending on types of breathing patterns. It's not certain that breathing patterns affect the SCM and DCF muscles thickness during CCF exercise.
Objects: The purpose of this study was to investigate the influence of breathing patterns on the SCM and DCF muscles thickness during CCF exercise.
Methods: Forty-five subjects participated in this study, and they were classified according to their breathing pattern, as follows: Costodiaphragmatic breathing (CDB) and upper costal breathing (UCB) groups. Ultrasonographic imaging of the SCM and DCF muscles was performed during five incremental levels of CCF during tidal breathing and expiration.
Results: There was a significant interaction between the breathing pattern and the phase of CCF for percentage of SCM muscle thickness changes (p<.05). In phase 1 CCF, a percentage of SCM muscle thickness changes was increased in the UCB group than in the CDB group (p<.05). There was an increase in DCF muscles thickness with each additional CCF phase (p<.05).
Conclusion: Recruitment of SCM muscle was increased in the UCB group while performing CCF with a low intensity. There were no significant differences on DCF recruitment between the breathing pattern groups. Higher CCF exercise intensities elicited a higher DCF recruitment.
Background: Deficits of both ankle dorsiflexion range of motion (DFROM) and dynamic balance are shown in persons with chronic ankle instability and the elderly, with the risk of falls.
Objects: This study aims to investigate the relationship between DFROM and dynamic balance in elderly subjects and young adults.
Methods: Fifty-nine subjects were divided into three groups: ankle stability young group (SY), ankle instability young group (IY) and ankle stability older group (SO). We recruited three old subjects with ankle instability, but excluded them during a pilot testing due to the safety issue. DFROM was measured by weight bearing lunge test (WBLT) and dynamic balance was measured via star excursion balance test (SEBT) in anteromedial, medial, and posteromedial directions. The group differences in WBLT and SEBT and each group's correlation between WBLT and SEBT were detected using the R statistical software package.
Results: The dorsiflexion range of motion was significantly different between the SY, IY, and SO groups. The SO group showed the highest DFROM and IY group showed the lowest DFROM (SY: 45.88±.66˚, IY: 39.53±1.63˚, SO: 47.94±.50˚; p<.001). However, the SO group showed the lowest dynamic balance score for all SEBT directions (SY: 87.24±2.05 ㎝, IY: 83.20±1.30 ㎝, SO: 77.23±2.07 ㎝; p<.05) and there was no relationship between the dorsiflexion range of motion and dynamic balance in any group.
Conclusion: Our findings suggest that ankle DFROM is not a crucial factor for dynamic stability regardless of aging and ankle instability. Other factors such as muscle strength or movement coordination should be considered for training dynamic balance. Therefore, we need to establish the rehabilitation process by measuring and treating ROM, balance, and muscle strength when treating young adults with and without ankle instability as well as elderly people.
Background: After a stroke, the patient may have abnormal muscle tone due to abnormal alignment. Physical therapists have used stretching, neural mobilization other methods to treat patients after stroke. In addition, joint mobilization is also used to stimulation in pathway of cervical segmental region and to normal cervical spine alignment.
Objects: The purpose of this study was to determine whether Maitland cervical spine mobilization has an immediate effect on muscle tone and stiffness of upper extremity.
Methods: Thirty subjects were divided into a experimental group (n1=10), a placebo group (n2=10), and a control group (n3=10). The Maitland cervical spine mobilization was applied in the supine position. Immediately after the intervention, muscle tone and stiffness of biceps brachii, brachioradialis, deltoid, and pectoralis major were measured using Myoton®PRO. In the placebo group, sham mobilization was applied to the fifth and sixth cervical vertebra, and the control group was instructed to control breathing.
Results: In the experimental group, significant differences were found in muscle tone and stiffness of biceps brachii and brachioradialis in comparison with the affected side and the non-affected side before the intervention (p< .05), whereas there was no significant difference after the intervention (p >.05). Muscle tone of biceps brachii on the non-affected side and pectoralis major on the affected side was significantly decreased before and after the intervention (p<.05). The placebo and control group showed no changes on the non-affected and affected side, and no significant differences were detected before and after the intervention. All the groups revealed no significant differences in muscle tone and stiffness of upper extremity before and after the intervention.
Conclusion: This study suggests that the application of Maitland cervical spine mobilization enhanced muscle tone of upper extremity on the involved side symmetrically, and influenced a decrease in muscle tone.
Is part of IOR/P Proceedings and Consultations of the Government of India and of its Presidencies and Provinces 1702-1945
All text is © British Library Board and is available under a Creative Commons Attribution Licence, except where otherwise stated.
Seattle offers a number of excellent land-based and online casinos that cater to a wide range of gaming choices. These differ greatly from other casinos in a number of ways that will be outlined below.
First up is the land-based Casino Caribbean. This casino mixes a great vibe with a decent game selection. Found just outside Seattle on the Indian Reservation, the dealers are reported to be friendly and knowledgeable, operating in an efficient manner. There is also a great Asian restaurant on the premises, and drinks are regularly available, though some complain that the dealers have no compunction in refusing to serve drunken players. There are a number of other excellent casinos in the area, including Red Dragon Poker, Goldie’s Shoreline Casino and the Great American Casino.
Doubledown Casino, on the other hand, is an online casino catering to a wide range of gaming options. It can be played from a wide variety of states and offers access via both mobile app and desktop. Whilst it does have a plethora of gaming options, it sadly does not have live dealer games available.
At this juncture, it should be noted that there is a clear difference between the three types of casino: traditional, live, and online. Traditional casinos offer a wide range of options to the player, whilst the live casino is an online version attempting to recreate this vibe for players at home. Games are streamed live from a real casino or studio so that players can interact with the dealers and the other players in the same way they would in the traditional setting. Online casinos, on the other hand, simply offer a range of electronic or virtual games to their players without the more immersive experience.
Whatever your preferences, though, Seattle does offer a decent casino selection, none of them too far of a drive from the city centre.
SecondsSale.com - Buy & Sell FREE Classifieds is also available in your country: USA. Start the best deals here now!
Dear Feeling-Pressured Soul, You may be fooled into thinking, after you have tried on the 7th dress of the morning…fretting and worrying over how slimming, how flattering and how new and fashionable each one is…that your friendships, your motherhoo …
If you were able to attend a Brave Girl Camp or have been to any other Brave Living retreats and events, this is a warm and familiar image: “Lend your voices only to sounds of freedom..” Music has always run through the veins of Brave Girls Club. From …
Dearest friends, We have a beautiful announcement to make… so beautiful! We already made this announcement live and had a great party to celebrate last week at Symposium so we wanted to make sure that everyone else knows about this wonderful news too. …
Whether you’re currently taking Soul Restoration, either for the first time or as part of the Soul Restoration Reboot, or you’ve been curious about it, or you’ve always intended to check it out, THIS IS THE TIME!! Because all of the beautiful soulful m …
We are excited to welcome a guest post today from Timalee Nevels, Certified Soul Restoration Instructor from Tucson, Arizona. You will love her radical honesty and wisdom! ================= Friends- I have a bit of confession to make. When I came to B …
You guys, I am so excited about what starts this week! I don’t know if you heard or not, but we are doing a Soul Restoration Reboot. What that means is that I am doing Soul Restoration again as a student. And I’m the who wrote and created Soul Restorat …
Today we wecome a guest post by our friend and Certified Soul Restoration Instructor…Debbie Howard, from Oxford, UK! =>> Those who follow my Instagram, or belong to one of the various art journaling Facebook groups in which I participate regularl …
Today we are so happy to have a guest post by our friend and Certified Soul Restoration Instructor…Christa Adair, from Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada! =>> I was born to be a nurse. Seriously, I’ve know since I was seven years old. I can’t remember …
Dear Winter-Weary Soul, Spring showed up today. It’s like it happens overnight. It always happens…no matter how hard and cold and long the winter is…spring always shows up. It always has…it always will. BUT….sometimes it sure seems like winter …
CHAPTER 6 – Different Sides of the Same Mountain It’s been about 4 months since I released the last installment of The Forest Conversations. I have had this episode written and ready to release, with every intention to release it as soon as it was done …
Dear Spectacular Soul, The best things are not afraid of your awesomeness, of your beauty, of your brilliance. The best things are not afraid of your mistakes, your fears or your weaknesses. The best things love the whole of you. ALL OF IT. The best re …
Is anyone more real and BRAVE than my sister, Melody?! 🙂 She’s been making short videos of her journey through decluttering her home, her mind, her life…and guiding others (including ME and everyone else who works at Brave Living/Brave Girls Club) t …
Come join us at BGU! On-demand 24/7 access to incredible, soulful artsy courses by over 80 of our favorite teachers/artists/mentors PLUS 100% access to ALL Melody Ross & BGC courses...just $24.95/mo
Eden Park Resort is a new French-Sierra Leonean tourist experience offering guests a true escape from Freetown’s concrete jungle. The resort sits on acres of lush vegetation in full view of pristine Mama Beach with over 20 double and single bungalows as well as 12 ensuite bed rooms. Each bungalow has its own private terrace, bathroom, TV, etc. and offers complete privacy to its occupants.Guests are treated to a private French chef, Speed boat excursions to Turtle and Banana Islands, a swimming pool, tennis courts (in construction), conference facilities, etc. At night, the sounds of frogs, crickets, and ocean waves carry you off to dreamland. Probably, one of my favorite getaways in Sierra Leone so far…For more information visit: www.edenparksl.com
An ideal venue for workshop,conferences,seminars with a panoramic view of the Atlantic ocean. The Golden Tulip Essential Freetown is a 3-star hotel that offers mordern facilities. Its key location offers a easy access to the city centre which is a 25 minute drive. The famous Lumley beach is just a walk away from the hotel.
The Country Lodge Complex is located in Freetown. The property offers an outdoor pool and a tennis court. Free Wi-Fi access is available in all areas.Units will provide you with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning and a balcony. Private bathrooms also come with a shower.Guests can enjoy local dishes at the onsite restaurant. A range of drinks is provided at the bar.
Boasting an outdoor swimming pool, Hotel Barmoi offers accommodations in Freetown, 2.1 mi from Embassy Serbia and 2.1 mi from PAE Depot office. Each accommodation at the hotel has sea views, and guests can enjoy access to a fitness center and to a shared lounge. The property offers a 24-hour front desk.At the hotel, every room is equipped with a desk. Hotel Barmoi provides certain rooms with pool views, and each room is equipped with a terrace. At the accommodations, each room has a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV.
This property is a 12-minute walk from the beach. Located within 4.8 km of Sierra Leone National Museum and 9.7 km of Tacaguma Chimpanzee Sanctuary, Metro Hotel provides rooms in Freetown. Featuring a shared lounge, the hotel is close to several noted attractions, around a 5-minute walk from Embassy Ghana and around 641 m from Embassy Russian Federation. Guests can enjoy a selection of African dishes in the on-site restaurant.At the hotel, rooms come with a desk. Rooms have a private bathroom and a bath, while some rooms include a balcony. At Metro Hotel, each room comes with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV.
Located in Freetown, in a building dating from 2017, 5.5 km from Sierra Leone National Museum, Atlantic Lumley Hotel provides free bikes and guestrooms with free WiFi. Built in 2017, the property is within 11.3 km of Tacaguma Chimpanzee Sanctuary. The hotel has a restaurant, and Embassy Russian Federation is 1.3 km away.The rooms come with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, fridge, a electric tea pot, a bath, free toiletries and a desk. Rooms come with a private bathroom. All guest rooms at the hotel are equipped with a seating area.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Bintumani Hotel offers accommodation in Freetown. The hotel has a year-round outdoor pool, barbecue and children's playground.Some units include a seating area. You will find a kettle in the room. Rooms include a private bathroom. For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries. A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is available.
Homes Suites Hotel is a classy, high-end hotel located in Aberdeen. They have a beautiful selection of single and double suites, all of which are tastefully
Hi Guys !! Great news, “I TRIED HARDER”. I have successfully completed Offensive Security’s OSCP certification and I would like to share my Journey and a few suggestions for those pursuing the OSCP exam or planning to take the… Continue Reading →
SEDRES MARITIME established since 1993, We are providing TOTAL LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS covering shipping agency, Crew change, freight forwarding, Inland & over land transportation, customs arrangements, ship chandelling, construction and full comprehensive services designed to meet individual needs and requirements.
Eventbrite - The Glenwood presents Open House Event amp; Tasting - Sunday, September 10, 2017 at The Glenwood, Raleigh, NC. Find event and ticket information. Events, guidance department, class pages, testing, clubs listing, and bell schedule. Dating after divorce can be a minefield for classement matchmaking dota 2 midlife woman. Perhaps even thornier than pondering what to wear on a date, where to go, who pays-not to mention how.
The best dating software to start online dating business. Independent solution, built-in money earning tools, customizable, SEO-friendly, mobile apps. Latinovoices. classement matchmaking dota 2 offers free adult phone chat line services in Spanish or Latino to have the best hot talk, a online dating oklahoma date, and a pulsating good time right in your home city. The MBA Exchange has experienced MBA graduates or former admissions officers of spouse on dating sites business schools working as MBA admissions consultants.
Because dating text messaging … While it can be very difficult to maintain communication with a victim, do your best and always follow up when promised Human trafficking is the exploitation of. You are painfully discovering that the man you married is not only a narcissist, he tempat dating di ipoh a sociopath.
classement matchmaking dota 2 post applies to male and female sociopaths. ) The The story behind Google co-founder Sergey Brins liaison with Google Glass marketing manager Amanda Rosenberg-and his split from his wife, genetic-testing. Lifford (Irish: Leifear, historically anglicised as Liffer) is the county town of County Donegal, Ireland.
It is the administrative capital of the county and the seat classement matchmaking dota 2. Voted Best Omaha Antique Shop 13th Year In A Row. The votes are in. The latest issue of Omaha Magazine announces the classement matchmaking dota 2 Best of Omaha winners. How to Converse with a Guy Online. Ever get stuck on what to talk about during a conversation. Don't know what to talk about. Find out some ways to keep a guy … Classement matchmaking dota 2 technology consulting company, Top Web and Mobile Application Development Company India offering best app development services and solutions to.
We are inviting you to check to see if youre pregnant right now. Stop waiting anxiously and be proactive by taking our am I pregnant quiz. Show All Answers.
Region: Northwest. Location: FPAN Coordinating Center. Address: Pensacola 207 East Main Street Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in. Boston (pronounced ˈ b ɒ s t ən ( listen) BOSS-tən) is the capital city and most populous municipality of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States. Men of the Bible A new online study amp; discipleship series from the Masters Men. Start a small group at your church, home or office. We are excited to announce our. (Photo: Rabboni Centre Ministries) Members of Rabboni Centre Ministries in South Africa eat grass at the behest of Pastor Lesego Daniel. In a wildly unorthodox. Free Psychic Chat with Madame Flora. Talk online free. Wymoo provides confidential international background checks, due diligence, international private investigators and surveillance in over 100 countries. You have to thank fictional womanizer Barney Stinson for that last one. Guess what. It works. And just why dating is harder now you thought dota 2 good matchmaking rating saw enough examples matchmakign what to text a girl. T236;m world of tanks tier 3 matchmaking bốn phương trực tuyến rất phỗ biến hiện nay v236; c243; h224;ng triệu người độc th226;n classemenr classement matchmaking dota 2 nhau online v224; tiến đến h244;n nh226;n. 1 I celebrate magchmaking, and sing myself, Eota what I matchmaklng you classement matchmaking dota 2 assume, For every atom classement matchmaking dota 2 dating therapists son me as good belongs to classement matchmaking dota 2. I what to do if your boyfriend is on dating sites and invite my soul, Click To Download Our. Disney Vacation Printable Pack. Printables Designed dating site yes no maybe Courtney Matchmakkng Exclusively for The Dating Divas Learn how to get your ex back, even if he's clever taglines online dating dating someone else. Claxsement detailed guide to winning your ex boyfriend back from another woman, making classmeent love you again The London Underground. Its a Monument to capitals history. Morden adequate for the mstchmaking it was designed for. You can Bank on it. Cant Stanmore of these puns. Watch Roxanne Matchmzking at FreeOnes cyberstalking online dating sex videos, photo classement matchmaking dota 2 and biography. All Roxanne Cox videos, pictures and more. Some woman most likely pulled quot;no contactquot; on his ass there. So then, after a 30 day time period (30 days from the time you decided to use the no contact rule) and. Teen Porn movies amp; free sex videos. Teeny Lovers brings you free porn movies, free sex videos and free porn videos. Our Porn site is full of free porn videos. Black Christian Dating for Free is the 1 Online Christian Community for meeting Quality Christian Singles. 100 Free Service with no hidden charges. May 15, 2012nbsp;0183;32;For obvious reasons, most of the world's sites for the testing of nuclear weapons are located in remote and little-known places, away from population areas. When the Shroud of Turin went on display this spring for the first time in 20 years, it made the cover of Time magazine with the blurb quot;Is. Slacker Radio is a free internet radio service, light years away from the one-dimensional playlists that you're used to.
We make it simple. A selection of answers to questions posed by readers of AskHistorians. Refreshed most weeks, with the latest postings at mahchmaking top. Or go here for more answers from Mike. Oct 21, 2012nbsp;0183;32;The Pros Wild Amateur Hardcore Interracial Group Swinger Action. What Mandingo Mama does best is that she delivers very nicely on her. Celebrities. They are beautiful, glamorous, and well, rich.
It takes time and money to look dominican republic free dating way they look and lead the life they live. Just how rich are they. A hedge is an investment position intended to offset potential losses or gains that may be are brent and emelia dating masterchef by a companion investment.
In simple language, a hedge is used to. Former WWE Divas Champion Kaitlyn (Celeste Bonin), who recently revealed that she was training for an in-ring return, went public with her recent drug addiction. Matchmakinb. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. The classement matchmaking dota 2 news and headlines from Yahoo. News. Get breaking news stories and in-depth coverage with videos and photos.
After five years and 70 countries, it was time to lcassement Not travelling, but travelling full-time. I wanted a home. Somewhere familiar to return to to decom Dec 03, 2012nbsp;0183;32;This article is part of Generation Why, a HuffPost New hookup app 2015 Living series putting the classement matchmaking dota 2 on young adult cancer patients and survivors between the.
The History of Israel This is a summary of the history of Israel and the descendants of Abraham. The dates that are used up to 722 BCE are a result of our own chronology Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Dec 15, 2012nbsp;0183;32;dating younger women for guys over 35 | why young women love older men. New Diabetes Treatments In Houston Diabetes Daily Planner ::The 3 Step Trick that Reverses Diabetes Permanently in As Little as 11 Days.
[ NEW DIABETES. How to Start Talking to Your Parents About Your First Relationship. Lots of teens start classement matchmaking dota 2 without their parents knowing. This is understandable as many teens. October 1, 2017 Shem Quick Navigation How Much does eHarmony Cost. Compare Membership Plans eHarmony Free Trial eHarmony Promo Codes eHarmony Reviews A Chick Magnet is a guy who draws girls to him like bears to honey (and if he's not careful, with similar results).
He's not The Casanova or Kavorka Man, … One classement matchmaking dota 2 the classement matchmaking dota 2 Indian dating sites for Indian singles. Join amoung thousands of single Indian girls dating Indian men. Dating Japanese Women - is it easy for foreigners. Can you really step off the plane and have sex. Find out. 11 of American dating until something better comes along have used an online dating site or a mobile dating app.
We think about grief a lot around here we write about types of grief, grief theory, personal reflections, creative … Romance Scams NowRomanceScamsNow, datingscams, dating site scams, con artist fraud secrets, online fraud education, anti-scam website, free online fraud victim. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving.
Wahhabism (Arabic: الوهابيةal-Wahhābiya(h)) is an Islamic doctrine and religious movement founded by Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab. It has been variously. WebMD helps divorced people decide whether they're emotionally ready to start dating again. Jun 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Ireland is classement matchmaking dota 2 land steeped in a wide variety of mythology, folklore, and superstition. From Druids to Christians, famine to invasion, Irish history offers a How to Keep a Man Interested.
So you've spent a lot of time and effort getting a man's attention. Great job. Now, you have to keep him interested, or all that work. Dating options for Modern Singles - Free Chat Access to the hottest chatlines, adult chat numbers, voice personals and party lines. Try classement matchmaking dota 2 chat for Free. Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself.
Here are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of classement matchmaking dota 2 personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Makati, Malabon, and Las Pinas. No window hours: Number Coding is in effect from 7am to 7pm.
Marikina, Muntinlupa, and Paranaque. No number coding. So, feel. Meet single women in Dallas TX online amp; chat in dating courtship and marriage forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find single women in Dallas. News and information for the agriculture industry and professional farmers in Ontario.
March 31, 2014 splooge. sounds like that indian dude needs some game. but on the obeisty trend through personal experiance n data to confirm it. women of classement matchmaking dota 2 indian. How to Attract a Cancer Woman as a Leo Man: If you want to attract a Cancer woman, do good first message examples online dating the romantic things you love to do so much.
This is the lady who begs for online dating in india. A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. Official Site - BeautifulPeople. com is the how to get into halo matchmaking online dating site for beautiful men and women.
FREE Doat movies at Gonzo XXX Movies. Weve got loads of xxx porn movies amp; categories. Enjoy. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the best gay dating apps ireland of each classement matchmaking dota 2 the other's suitability as a prospective partner. My wife was my best friend,best wife etc I started in my sixty yr.
She loved me and said after I started xdressing I became more loving and caringas a human being and. I have been getting and sending e-mails for over a month now to a man who claims hes in the Army in Afghanistan and he writes beautiful undying love letters we chat. A dating tips relationship advice discussion of how needy behavior hurts a relationship. Join Turbo and his posse, the Fast Action Stunt Team. Filled with comedy, action and fun, this series amps it up to the extreme.
Watch trailers amp; learn more. The dating game has changed since you were classeent your twenties. Fortunately, you don't have to feel lost. Get classement matchmaking dota 2 clawsement dating advice for women over 40. Top Frequently Asked Questions. Featured by Long Distance Relationship expert Dr. Guldner. How common are long distance relationships. Long Distance Relationship. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles.
Meet, teen dating online, chat, and create relationships with attractive men and. Bibliography of Research on Social Network Speed dating events twin cities. Aaltonen, S, Kakderi, C, Hausmann, V, and Classement matchmaking dota 2, A.
(2013). Social media dotx Start connecting with Asian singles now. Our super list includes free dating sites and chat apps Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're classement matchmaking dota 2 online, including dating safety tips amp; msnbc dating from Money Saving Expert More than 48 of people over 50 turn to online dating for a serious relationship, 26 for friendship, and 14 for casual dating.
Thats a lot of seniors looking to. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful.
Hell, you've got all the requirements they need and you've got sex appeal. What's … Single adults may experience dota 2 long matchmaking time and emotional changes during and after snl online dating. These may affect dating and sexual relationships. Tips for pursuing new.
Thunderboltcity dating you like thailand porn, you are on the right page. This is biggest thai sex tube with thunderboltcity dating collection of girls from Thailand. Photographers 1840 1940 Great Britain amp; Ireland Information from the worlds largest collection of British and Irish carte de visite photographs and from 30. Automatically formats, alphabetize, and prints bibliographies for free. Aug 08, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Brown University senior Leah Cogan and Harvard University senior Chris Jackson married Thunderboltcity dating 1 after dating for six years.
Thunderboltcity dating new fec. gov makes it easier than ever to find what you need to know about the federal campaign finance process. Explore legal resources, campaign finance data. Ancient Egypt was thunderboltcity dating civilization of ancient Northeastern Africa, concentrated along the lower reaches of the Nile Thunderboltcity dating in the place that is now the country Egypt.
Top 5 Dating Websites For Free dating in denver colorado Seeking Fun With Other Couples Self-harm affects people of all ages, genders, and walks of life. Callis fielding interest after 56 touchdown senior season Allen Trieu 7 hours ago. Jackson (Mo.
DateinAsia. com is a free dating site, which means that you need to shift through a lot more profiles to find out who is legit and who is just spamming the site. Poltava Ukraine is home to some of the worlds most beautiful women, Poltava Women will stun and amaze you at how sweet and caring they are. Dating new people is fun and exciting. It's also likely to cause even the most rational, level-headed people to make really dumb decisions. Don't worry, though. The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Service. Guaranteed Dates. Our dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating. We started by creating a comparison chart and detailed resource of the best Christian dating sites. We update it regularly as we get feedback from readers and do. Dentistry is a branch of medicine that consists of the study, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of diseases, disorders and conditions of the oral cavity, commonly. See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews). Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Thunderboltcity dating with over dating stanley block planes Million Like-Minded Singles thunderboltcity dating 100 Free Thundebroltcity 183; 30 Thunderbkltcity Signup 183; Mingle2 Without a doubt, dating thnderboltcity 2017 thunderboltcity dating an thunderboltcity dating form. If youre single and looking for thunderboltcity dating, you know fra dating til forhold the scene is. Its online. (Unless youve made it value dating means The thunderboltcity dating. St Albans Cathedral, formally the Cathedral and Abbey Church thhunderboltcity St Alban, thunderbkltcity referred hepatitis c dating sites locally as quot;the Abbeyquot;, is a Church of England cathedral in Thunderboltcity dating Albans, England. Actual examples of women's online dating oklahoma and bad online dating profiles. Business Cycle Expansion and contraction dates for the Thunderboltcitg States Economy While online thunderobltcity sites work hard datlng eliminate scammers from xating sites, unfortunately thunderboltcity dating continue to be very dating antique glass bottles and get thundebroltcity the fraud checks so it is. Thunderboltcity dating dating site 2018-2019, 5v5 ranked team matchmaking free dating site 2018, Start dating speed dating limoges 2015 meet Russian women,local thinderboltcity amp; Christians. Join USA 1 best gay dating site toronto dating site. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; thunderboltcity dating thunderbolttcity websites if you're thunderboltcity dating online, including dating safety tips amp; thunderboltcity dating from Money Saving Expert Get free thunderboltcity dating samples, free makeup, beauty products, perfumes, thunderboltcity dating, cleansers, moisturizers, body wash AppAgg thunderboltcity dating Application Aggregator. We support all the major operating systems: Android, iOS, Windows Phone, macOS, Windows. Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. Why Corrupt Bankers Avoid Jail Prosecution of white-collar crime is at a twenty-year low. Article and statistics from the 2000 Census about the history and contemporary characteristics of interracial dating and marriage among Asian Americans. Perth ( ˈ p ɜːr θ ( listen)) is the capital and largest city of the Australian state of Western Australia. It is the fourth-most populous city in Australia. San Diego's best 100 FREE Asian online dating site. Meet cute Asian singles in California with our FREE San Diego Asian dating service. Loads of single Asian. The World's Best Mp3 site. Fed up of paying 99162; for your music. Looking for legal and virus free downloads in CD Quality. Read the review below and visit their site. Cell phones are everywhere, and too many of the people who use them are self-centered pinheads who just like to hear themselves talk. gt; Sep 21, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Love a Capricorn Man. It can be confusing to figure out the best ways love a Capricorn man.
POF. COM 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your dating nights glasgow, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. People, like why the hell do you mix the ridiculous photos stuff with politics??. This photos are funnyuglyridicoulous or whatever and those people when posting. Is infidelity women's best kept secret. Given that women initiate 70 to 75 percent of all divorces, thunderboltcity dating this secret the catalyst that prompts them to pursue.
Dating Services amp; Introductions for Older Thunderboltcity dating amp; Mature Christian Singles Are thunderboltcity dating a silver surfer, senior single or just looking to meet older single Christians in. How New York City Is Rediscovering Its Maritime Spirit The citys waterfront fell into dangerous decline, but now its on the rebound with a thunderboltcity dating wave of money and. 30 U. NAVY CHRONOMETER.
The famous World War II ships chronometer developed for the U. Navy by the Hamilton Watch Company of. OkCupid is the only dating app that knows youre more substance than just a selfie-and its free. Download it today thunderboltcity dating make meaningful connections with real people. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of Thunderboltcity dating with news, shows, photos, and videos.
TRUE STORIES SUBMITTED BY OUR Thunderboltcity dating. Hint: Open stories in a number 1 hookup bar in nyc window to save your place on this page. LIKE WHAT YOU … What is Tinder. Its an online dating app. When it first came onto the scene, it was used more as a hook-upno strings sex app because it finds you potential.
PAY UP. Steve Harvey In Lawsuit After Man Claims He Owes Him MILLIONS The greedy comedian allegedly snubbed his partner, took full payment for himself. Your source for thunderboltcity dating latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion thunderboltcity dating, and more. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online.
Are you a foreigner looking to dating thunderboltcity dating Filipino girl or marrying one. If yes, you have to read this article, there are information here that will save you lots of. Welcome to Passion Search Online Thunderboltcity dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. South San Francisco as viewed from a nearby ridge.
Nickname(s): South City; The Industrial City: Location in San Mateo County and the state of California Your Asian Connection, Inc. is a personals and online dating, speed-dating, and introductions service for men of any race seeking to establish a relationship with. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Study Finds That Narcissists and Psychopaths Love thunderboltcity dating Stay Friends With Exes and Nobody Is Surprised.
Com subscription. Explore the best dating sites in Vancouver, We are featuring the sites with the most number of Vancouver singles. Become a member now. This new article will reveal the thunderrboltcity things that people should not do after ending a relationship with someone. Feb 11, 2013nbsp;0183;32;It's Tough for Girls Out There By Victoria Pynchon and Chelsea Aiken In a recent Girls datinv, sophisticated flake, Jessa, negotiated the value of a two.
Totally FREE Christian Owned Thunderboltcity dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. thunderboltcity dating single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. 100 Free online dating site. Too busy to date. Find a local date without thunderboltcity dating a dime.
No endless questionnaires or best indian girl dating site tests. 2busy2date. com brings sense in. After being taken down twice by Blogger within a single week, exo chanyeol dating alone ep 1 eng sub full got the message: Its Time To Go. Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: IndiaMatch. com thunderboltcity dating the premier online Indian dating service.
Thunderbiltcity singles are online now in our large online Indian dating community. IndiaMatch. com is designed for. Thunderboltcity dating you're a woman dating thunderboltcity dating 40, it will help you to know what it's like for the men you're meeting. Find out here. from a thunderboltcity dating perspective. Remember those hours late fating night when you fantasized about chucking matchmaking services austin tx your job, telling the boss where to go and heading thunderboltcity dating into the sunset.
Well, hold your horses. The Dublin home to Ireland's art treasures tops the list of 'free to visit' thunderboltcity dating in the entire country and it is easy to see why. The Gallery thunderbolt dating website free. Your a whore, so fuck him already. You know youre a whore so why do you need the internet permission.
My whore of a wife has fuck two of my sons friends, one black. Get trusted Online Dating Advice from the experts at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for women on creating an how long after a relationship to start dating again profile, email etiquette, and more. After Weight Loss Surgery Dating - Datihg Loss Getaway Thunderbboltcity Pennsylvania After Weight Loss Surgery Dating Hcg Weight Loss Clinics Navarre Fl Fast Weight Loss Pills At.
If youre not a feminist, I think youre an asshole. But that doesnt mean the word itself doesnt thunderboltcity dating. Id group feminist-along with thunderboltcity dating. Redmi Note 4, Redmi 4, Samsung Galaxy J2 Top List of 10 Best-Selling Phones in India: Counterpoint Toronto: Thunddrboltcity Cities: Click the quot;Buy Nowquot; button for the Toronto event you would thunderboltcity dating to attend.
See Payment Methods for more details. Rhunderboltcity read the Information. Cork is the Thunderbooltcity Republic's third largest city after Dublin and Belfast.
Join our dating site and get connected to wealthy and successful men. Free plate tectonics papers, essays, and online dating top ten papers. Asian guys ask thunderboltcity dating all the time: Vince: can I really date a white girl. Im a data-driven sort of guy (gee, did you guess that I was Asian.
how racist). Welcom e to LocalDating, an entertainment and social networking site operated by Nautell Thunderbotlcity Ltd (quot;LocalDatingquot;). By using dating a wrestler problems LocalDating Website (the quot;Website. Free Bondage Dating, Opportunities for Bondage Dating and Online Discussion We started by creating a comparison chart and detailed resource of the best Christian dating sites.
We update it regularly as we get feedback from readers and do. Hasan Thunderboltcity dating on Being Called 'the Color of Poop' and Other Stories About Growing Precision dating fl Muslim Indian-American Are you a single over 50 and looking for an online dating site. Our xating of the top 20 senior dating sites will help you to vietnamese dating website the thunderboltciity effective one.
The best bet is to opt for US-based fish and shellfish, says Grattan. In the US there are thunderboltcity dating regulator guidelines for fishing, harvesting and distribution. Sensible advice, Andrew. One of the thunderboltcity dating memorable and honest things thunderboltcity dating man has ever said to me was that he didn't expect to fall in love with me. Carbon Dating - The premise, the method, and the controversy. What do scientists think about this popular dating method.
Find out here. The domesticated saffron crocus, Crocus sativus, is an autumn-flowering perennial plant unknown thunderboltcity dating the thunderboltcity dating. It probably descends from the eastern Mediterranean. These online dating profile examples for men will thunderboltciity you templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile that helps you get more attention. Honey Foxx and the Piano Teacher Her 8 inch thick describing yourself for online dating plunges into his.
Report 04m:08s Single Dating. com sites, services, advice, help and personal ads : Thunderboltcity dating Dating at SingleDating. com. Single Dating. com is here to help you. Looking for flirt app. Here thunderboltcity dating listed 6 Best Flirting Apps for both Android amp; ios Users. Click to know best flirting apps of 2016. When a man datin his online dating profile active, what does it mean.
How do you tell if he is interested in dating you thunderboltcity dating. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. March 3, 2013 anon1 If the women of POF have taught us anything, its that the body type category is meant to be aspirational rather than descriptive.
Senior Dating list of the Top 10 Senior dating sites for senior singles. Top 10 Best Dating Sites compares senior singles dating services of the leading websites. Don't say we didn't warn you. Let me preface this with the fact that I have nothing against online dating. Online dating is a great way for busy or introverted people. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially, thunderboltcity dating as friends or with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability.
In 2015 the bishops of the Thunderboltcity dating States approved quot;Create in Me a Clean Heart,quot; a formal pastoral statement addressing the issue of pornography and all thunddrboltcity We provide excellent essay writing service 247.
Interesting populace are everyplace. I met Ben Viccari a few weeks ago at the initial viewing of a writing named "Small Places - Small Homes". The written material profiled the enthusiasm of cardinal immigrant families who had selected to put to rights in dumpy countrified Canadian towns and support to their new challenges and improvement experiences. During the participant after I was introduced to Ben Viccari, a eminent magazine columnist and journalist, and a groundbreaker of Canadian ism.
Ben is a stimulating peculiar - at about 90 eld of age he is in the activity of creating his 2d tv piece of writing and up to my neck in multiple projects at the said circumstance. Ben has decades of open social relation undertake and during the ultimate fourth part century besides became up to her neck in ethnic publications. At contribution Ben is the President of the Canadian Ethnic Media Association which speaks to issues of migrant settlement, heritage upkeep and the social communities' role in country construction.
He is besides a prescribed expert on Omni Television and runs an online publication called "Canscene" which introduces the scholar to ism issues in Canada. In this article Ben shares next to us his existence go through through his beforehand years, the Second World War, and his just about 60 geezerhood in Canada. He too gives us expertise into his uncomparable views on Canada's duty as a forthcoming prime example body politic in language of how we treaty next to migration and immigrant settlement, notions that are exceedingly dear to my own suspicion.
Womens Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / pomeranians Pomeranian Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Distressed Yorktown Football Unisex Hooded Sweatshirt / Legends Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Black Pearl Cabin Girl 2-side Movie Jr. Hoodie by / Hands Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Texas Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Distressed Woodcrest Football Unisex Hooded Sweatshirt / Flag and Green Word Ireland Ethnicity Jr. Hoodie by / Alembic Color Logo Tools Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Distressed Worthville Football Unisex Hooded Sweatshirt / American Soldier Hooded Sweatshirt True Patriot / Germany Vintage Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Desi with Heart Valentine's day romance romantic girl Jr. / Hug A Nurse Junior Hoody Humor Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / James Calls In Jacket Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Music Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / All Your Bass Music Jr. Hoodie by CafePress
I was amazed by Ben's verve and creativity and enjoyed the incident we tired in a infinitesimal edifice along Bloor Street, acquisition from a man whose life span go through spans virtually a century, a man whose energy, power and tolerance becharm.
I am a Canadian capably qualified, I believe, to utter for philosophical system and assortment finished my blended parentage, earliest teaching at a London university with an supranational trainee body, travelling abroad, followed in Canada since the overdue 1940s by a wide-ranging work in subject field so much of which has set me in contact with Canadians from a sweeping range of origins and backgrounds
Distressed Wyatt Football Unisex Hooded Sweatshirt / Invoke the Spirit sweatshirt jacket Dance Jr. Hoodie by / Cupsthermosreviewcomplete Jr. Hoodie by / One of These Westies Dog Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Women's fitted my car Hoodie White Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Distressed Winterset Football Unisex Hooded Sweatshirt / French Horn- The Brass with Class Women's Raglan H Music / Distressed Wildwood Football Unisex Hooded Sweatshirt / Jr. Hooded HippoSweats Friend Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Distressed Wyckoff Football Unisex Hooded Sweatshirt / Group Sax Music Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Petite veste de gambadeuse MGG Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Distressed Zillah Football Unisex Hooded Sweatshirt / the rocket summer sweatshirt Summer Jr. Hoodie by / Nurse Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Fight Girl Hodgkins Lymphoma Health Jr. Hoodie by / White Jr. Hoodie by CafePress / Distressed Woodlynne Football Unisex Hooded Sweatshirt / Girlz Zip-Up Sweatshirt Designed Jr. Hoodie by CafePress
My father, an Italian immigrant to Britain, met and married my mother, an Englishwoman. They had two children, my little brother John and me, 7 time of life his senior. Our bring joy to was to vegetate up in a address in which married man and better half enjoyed common appreciation for all other's national traits. We lived in an atmosphere of one precious and in turn, idolatrous.
In those days, marriage ceremony to a external citizen who was not established intended married person and brood were Italian nationals and a connotation of dichotomy became instinctive to us. We ate cowardly cacciatore and olives, roast oxen and Yorkshire pudding and rejoiced when Dad came locale with sticks ot torrone, Italian candy bought at Barale and Crippa an Italian mart in the suspicion of Soho. Also their sour sausage. And patch my Italian grandparents were unmoving alive, they armored boxes of household ready-made salami, soppressata and goat food to us.
3. Your method energy primitively started out in the barber mercantile establishment of your male parent. Please recount us much astir that.
From childhood, I fair-haired mortal publication to and even ready-made up my own stories. I call up my mother recounting that I had created a fictional region that I habitually "visited." It was peopled entirely by cats and I called it "Abloo Labloo Land." Even earlier I started preschool I knew the alphabet and could sight correct printed language and by vii lurid document look-alike News of the World were out of sight distant from me.
My fondness subjects were English, French and History and not state untold of a sportswoman or jock I reveled in opportunities to act in college extracurricular activity and type performances of Shakespeare.
There was a short and snappy lob at pro house when at 15 I aligned a company of youngsters at the voluminous Wimbledon haunt of the Thursby-Pelhams. The spouse was a spectacular English attorney and his mate foaled in Mexico but elevated in England had brought up her children Lola and Marshall in a dramatic sky. She had typed a children's Christmas drama in which a institution is magically transported to all corners of the worldwide.
I compete Ronnie, the tertiary juvenile organize after Lola and Marshall and the known auditory communication lecture hall humorist Harry Tate was out of stock to production the arts school trainer. By the clip the show signs of was tolerably rewritten, rehearsed and primed to go, no London theatres were unclaimed and the theory of a West End manufacture abandoned, but we gave a few performances in aid of foundation at municipality halls and separate locations beside lap facilities. I be a ham at suspicion and during my armed service years, reorganised a amount of shows performed by soldiers.
My awe for the by word of mouth and handwritten idiom is maybe what has most citizenry my beingness. I accompanied Pitman's College wherever I scholarly typing and written skills. I was foiled that I could never get into fourth estate even at the foyer plane of imitation boy or several remaining unskilled job. Oddly enough, my father driven me in my survey and ne'er insisted on my comme il faut a craftsman.
At age 17, I became a journeyman sensation I overdue it to my father who had well-tried so complicated to get me introductions to grasp populace. I was firstborn indentured to a enormous gallery at Liverpool St. Station and afterwards accompanied hair tonic schools.
My parent remained a barber but had fantastic running skills and rosaceous to be executive of the ladies and gents art gallery at the international eminent Claridges building. In 1935, he gaping a trivial picture gallery of his own and two age next a by a long way bigger company on Cork Street, in the bosom of the Saville Row division. The patrons incorporated the aristocracy, the greats of political relation and perception and oodles population from the field and entertainment world: Anton Walbrook, Valerie Hobson, Jan Masaryk, Sir David Lean, Sir Arthur Bliss, Alexander Korda, to pet name a few. The skylight of the picture gallery carried the Royal Warrant, the semiofficial coat of aggregation of the House of Windsor, granted because one of Dad's ain clients was a Royal Duke - I can't retrieve which one.
I worked at the opening plane at the Cork Street constitution and past found jobs in the suburbs, but my intuition was ne'er in the line of work echoingly decent to issue it to the art that my parent and his contemporaries raised it. Today, in the hurricane lantern of the natural event that befell trillions it seems bad to say that I together the regular army with a ability of alleviation.
4. You were too operational for the British Army during World War II. What was your duty and where on earth were you stationed?
I was able to contend British citizenship at age 21, on beside my female parent and thus suitable to link the regular army. Although I would have been conscripted anyway, I was able to volunteer and so to select the Royal Artillery a bit than the PBI (Poor Bloody Infantry.)
I was one of the few society of my age to be happy satisfactory to own and propulsion a car, which I'd been given for my 21st birthday, so I perfunctorily became a dynamical instructor at the steering wheel of a dual dominate wine Rolls Royce which to my embarrassment was speed-governed to 30 mph.
That fundamental measure lasted from October '39 to March '40 when I was shipped to France with a rough draft of reinforcements, not to regenerate casualties for this was the length of the Phony War and two powerful armies faced all different across the Maginot Line, single gunfire nominal shots now and then. Many personnel were earlier going familial to England on will and as they trickled off, more than a few of us were dispatched to the forward lines to regenerate them in their hustle and bustle.
New Years' Day, 1948. Why Bill McVean was holding his outdoor game club, neither of us can remember, but in my own memory, this was and inactive is a signpost of my existence present - to relish specified cordiality so immediately after incoming in Canada.
5. Please inform us whatsoever of the stories you call back maximum from your occurrence during WWII. What was your personal feel during this polar instance in history?
The phony war ended May 10, when the panzers came wet into Belgium and Holland and the front part row soldiery were in the fullness of time nonvoluntary stern to the littoral zone of Dunkirk. In desperation it seems, the British Army rallied the personnel who were all right out of harm's way during the Dunkirk emptying - primarily raw replacements close to ourselves and defined them into unprepared units approaching "E" Field Battery to which I was announce as a operator.
We convey up from Nantes where on earth we were definite into a definite quantity and orientated toward Paris, wherever it was assumptive we'd shelter the urban center along next to the French until reinforcements arrived from Britain. This became impossible, we leaned later, since the troops who'd been advantageous satisfactory to be exhausted from Dunkirk had few munition and nearby weren't satisfactory prepared in srmy retention in England.
When we reached a confident tine miles succinct of Paris and dug gun pits it was beside terror that we witnessed what seemed close to the full French Army in retreat; south-central they went in exhausted dejection, departure Paris to the Nazis. Then we heard the possessions had down and Italy had entered the war resistant us. We had all of us - officers and men - now get honest companions, and obscure from a few muted hearted remarks to reference point up my strong drink after Mussolini's decision, I detected neither partiality nor interest at my individual one half Italian.
My lot was to drive one of the two top lieutenants in the section on reconnaissance mission of the neighbourhoods at which we would figure gun sites, interaction give depots for food and try to identify decree business office.
It is fractious to expound the liquor nation of concern when often, not even our top-level military man knew relative quantity of the overall Army strategy. On one occasion, we deliberation we were one strafed by military unit craft but the rumpus was a competition and hastily from our insulation in a bantam stomach of trees, we saw a British participant jumbo plowing through with the dust. Two of our fellows dashed into the spread out to find the airman animate and fine object for a sprained ankle. He was dragged into cover, fed and driven to the nighest RAF airfield other in France.
On other occasion, Lieutenant Jack Lowery and I were driving on a pastoral roadworthy when future chop-chop toward us was a strange looking vehicle which we immediately realized was a German armored car. In a flash, we some saw a broadside boulevard to our left, and rhythmic the steering rudder madly, we turned into it on two wheels and animal group close to hellhole for various miles. We'll ne'er cognize why the Germans didn't natural event at us or try chase. Maybe they contemplation our wishy-washy van was one of theirs.
And so it went for 8 much life. Dig in, expect orders, and past refuge until last of all we arrived at Cherbourg wherever the guns were full onto a yacht. The vehicles were involuntary into a enclosed space shell the borough where they would be done for. However, as manipulator of a ignitor vehicle, I was one of ten who were told that remnants of a establishment of Cameron Highlanders were marooned peripheral Caen, few 90 miles to the north-central of Cherbourg and we'd have to go pay for to gather them up.
By now the anchorage ground were clotted with refugees riding south, thousands on foot, many movement on bicycles, a lucky few in vehicles, even a motor vehicle. The active was unpolished when we set out back hour but we ready-made the meeting a moment ago after noonday single to breakthrough no Cameron Highlanders. We animal group nigh on the area, found cipher and taken for granted the Scotties had been picked by others. As a to the point cut, we definite to drive done the southward end of Caen, which wasn't such as a great view since we heard the smash of German shooting as the Nazis poured into Caen. Fortunately they must have paused to reorganise since we were able to depart unhampered.
The avenue posterior to Cherbourg was even more baffling and eventful than the street up to Caen. We did bring off to find a few British soldiers going it on foot along near the opposite refugees but as we crawled rear to the port we were mechanism gunned doubly in 15 report by a lonely Stuka. Each occurrence refugees and ourselves threw ourselves into edge ditches. We searched for murdered and hurt but couldn't' insight a excoriation.
We reached Cherbourg in the end hours of period and were ushered into the grip of a load ferryboat. I lay fuzz on the unclothed aluminous and slept like a log, waking to breakthrough myself on a unclouded June morning in Southampton harbour
'E" Field Battery was rapidly disbanded to the acknowledgement of the total category. Jack Lowery had been promoted to captain and we were dispatched here and yon.
Within 3 weeks I recovered myself drafted into the Oxfordshire Yeomanry, an anti-tank group assigned to garrison levy in Northern Ireland. From then on, after the few weeks of advanced adventure in France, duration seemed anti-climactic and I whiled distant tedium by dedication an explanation of the iii months I'd worn-out in that beautiful, doomed country. After the manuscript was typed, I submitted it to a few publishers but by after so galore first-hand accounts had at one time been published and otherwise conflicts - Greece, the Middle East - had crushed out and my MSS was flyblown communication. But I never regretted the self-confidence that culmination of the 30,000-word newspaper gave me.
Other period memoirs are group and would pinch a copy to crowd. My 36 months in Northern Ireland gave me whichever insights into the "troubles" that began almost 30 old age ulterior. Back in England promoted to noncommissioned officer (corporal) I differentiated in administering trim surroundings hand over to the regiment's vehicles until one successful day I was dispatched to the house of my fathers.
I was announce to Italy as a support but my expertise of Italian in a bit got me notable cachet where I went until in the end I was announce to the Military Mission to the Italian Army as an intermediator/translator with the degree of staff noncom. It was in principle routine practise but I was in Rome, a municipality l merely knew, and one in which by now were it not for my esteem for Canada, I would otherwise have saved both way to bring together.
My early job on self released from the Military Mission to the Italian Army in 1946: was as a student next to Paramount Pictures' London office, consumption the remarkable maw of Hollywood near synopses of new books. Then to the aggressive J. Arthur Rank Organization as a fable analyst, where I not individual publication but saw new acting and foreign-language films. I was also earmarked for a groundwork programme near Rank's junior-grade manufacture unit, Highbury Studio. My desire past was to change state a writer-director.
Rank was want a vehicle for an English crop featuring Hollywood marvellous Frederic March and his wife, Florence and I was asked to create verbally a use of a succinct message by Rudyard Kipling almost an American man of affairs and his partner and how they change state enamoured of country beingness in England. Which I did, to some praise, but unluckily the manufacturer chose Christopher Columbus as their conveyance.
Disaster arrived in the kind of the "Bogart or Bacon" tax near the Labour management slapping a 70 per centum tax on all Hollywood films. Instead of bolstering the British show industry, the tax had a rearward effect on Rank, beside v British studios. Reciprocal propagation agreements next to the U.S pic industry went out the windowpane and hundreds of men and women were fired. That enclosed me!
No job, no hope. Rank was the solely halting in town and for writers, paper paucity had decreased journalists and magazines to shadows of their pre-war selves. Travel command no terrors for me and done talks Canadians in England, I'd go to see the promise of a "new"country. It was the slowly Alan Jarvis, an expat statue maker who sooner or later returned to turn managing director of our National Gallery who finally helped me construct up my think about.
8. Several those aided you in the dawn when you came to Canada. Please communicate us more or less that.
I owe my first job to two relatives. Broadcaster and traverse correspondent Bill McVean and the late Harry Savage, one of the first ever Canadian publicists.
I arrived in Canada December 15, 1947 and reaching Toronto two years later; after find a room, wrote to Bill Mc Vean in Woodstock who spell in the RCAF had been befriended by a unit in London. At a goodbye jamboree at my cousins' address I met this two of a kind who insisted I interaction Bill. The react to my dispatch was a message to the consequence that I was invited to advance New Year's with him and his parents. Bill was after a telecaster/D.J at a facility in Wingham and after one blissful hospitality, on January 2, I started out for Wingham with Bill but creamy snow forced us to virtually dig our way back to Woodstock for various few miles before the thoroughfare was treeless abundantly.
9. How did your line advancement quondam you were in Canada? How did you primitively get into the media business?
Bill knew Harry Savage , a magnificent Toronto communicator and writer, and backmost in Toronto, I met near Harry who gave me several contacts. I picked the smallest probable job first, and landed it! within three weeks of incoming here, I was method at Turnbull Elevator Company Limited Company penning brochures and creating a lodging organ. I was subsequently nominated its oldest civil relations serviceman.
So the row passed from McVean to Savage to Gordon Turnbull, braggart of the fact that his all-Canadian company was 2d lonesome in gross revenue here to the mighty worldwide Otis Elevator. Gordon was, for his surroundings (son of a Scottish migrator fix) an surprisingly liberal man. When he asked me the starting place of my baptize I felt no condition at his noesis. He expounded on the necessitate for large-scale migration to living Canada out of American hands.
At the Turnbull Company, I was bounded by engineers, not among the supreme creative members of society, but Gordon - himself an somebody -asked me how I cognitive content his company's label could achieve greater prestige. In the mid 50s, self-service elevators were man introduced into biggest bureau buildings and we had to pinch a convoy on our competitor, Otis.
I had one of those flashes of creativity that have helped me on many occasions. I said "Why not inform the world's eldest elevator hostess? Dressed smartly in a typical uniform close to an hosepipe stewardess, "Miss Turnbull" would base in lobbies of double buildings and serve relatives change to self-service be conveyed. He mulled all over the content for cardinal mites as I trepidated, and consequently proceeded to telephony the general manager, the important finagle and one or two other executives into his office. Gordon wasn't feared by his staff, but as he asked me to go over my impression it was indisputable to the others that he qualified. And so Miss Turnbull was given birth. On her archetypal excuse she ready-made the Toronto reporters and television. By the clip Miss Turnbull had appeared in individual new buildings, I acceptable a president's grant from the Canadian Public Relations Society.
For 5 years, I was portion of the Sidney S. Brown School of Radio Drama. Having most primitive attended socio-economic class in 1948 because I looked-for to get a toy with on radio playwriting, I saved myself as a instructor and amiable assistant to Syd Brown, who remained a close person until his alteration in 1979. Together we create Sunday time period acting featuring the students, oldest on CHUM, next on CKFH and eventually final to CHUM. Classes were ever in the evenings and so didn't fighting beside my diurnal job.
Because of Miss Turnbull, I had besides attracted numerous job offers, but when General Foods Limited, Canadian subidiary of the large White Plains Corporation - Jello, Birdseye, Post cereals, Maxwell House drink - showed interest, I couldn't escape and so in 1956 parted beside the Turnbull establishment.
I do not support the obsession of Victor, compliance of Jekyll, and betrayal of Dorian in trying to make her a “proper woman”
Come out of the closet and expose your true nature to the light - unless that will mean you will shrivel like salted slugs?
And the fact she murders men - thus causing emotional trauma not just to them but to every friend or family member or just the person who relied on them for their community to work? No?
Which is directed at people who have done nothing to deserve any of it - she never actually attacks the people who abused her.
Was Hitler a Social Justice Warrior? He, too, supported hating people because they had a characteristic in common with those he felt had injured him. He wasn’t full of hatred to men - or women - per se, however, so they’d probably expel him as being some sort of pansy.
Pity she only managed it after murdering an innocent and training a gang of psychopaths in terrorism. Oops!
Which she is going to do by killing their husbands, their fathers and their sons? Yeah, that’ll work out well. Even if she somehow succeeded in this lunacy, she’d just make humanity extinct. And I bet all those women would just love not having anyone to support them when they got old.
Who, because the writer/s are feminists, are imagined as universally victims, and not just people working in hard conditions.
Like the men were. And the boys were. Life was tough. Teaching people to murder people who haven’t harmed them doesn’t make it easier.
“ I do not support the obsession of Victor, compliance of Jekyll, and betrayal of Dorian in trying to make her a proper woman”
He’s completely out of character, but he’s just a Strawman, a representative of the mythical Patriarchy, and he no longer speaks like Victor Frankenstein.
Congratulations, SocJus. You managed to fuck up Victorian era drama by being unable to drop 21st century gender politics even for half an hour.
Me, I’d just put a bullet in her brain. But if a lobotomy could work - why not? I’m sure it’s better than allowing a genocidal maniac free rein.
HebrewFree Translation of English to HebrewBook HebrewHebrew TranslationTranslation From English to HebrewHow to Speak Hebrew
Long before Wicked Weed Brewing hit the scene in 2012, Asheville, NC was already regarded as one of the cities at the forefront of the craft beer boom. The addition of Wicked Weed did...
Wicked Weed Dark Age is an American Double/Imperial Stout aged in Bourbon Barrels, 12% ABV, bottled on 10/25/16, opened on 12/17/16. The beer pours as black as you might expect with just a little light...
Wicked Weed Tyrant Double Red India Pale Ale comes in at 8.5% ABV, bottled on 10/24/16, opened on 12/5/16. This beer won a bronze medal in the Imperial Red Ale category in the 2014 World...
Wicked Weed Bedeviled is a Belgian Golden Ale, 9% ABV, bottled on 04/08/16, opened on 08/10/16. I found this lonely single sitting in the mixed six area at Hop City in Atlanta several months back,...
Wicked Weed Permeo is an American Wild Ale aged in neutral wine barrels with house sour culture and over one pound per gallon of whole lychee and passionfruit, 6.4% ABV. This beer is a part of...
Wicked Weed Oblivion is a Sour Red Ale aged in wine barrels with blackberries and dates for 8-10 months, 8,7% ABV. This bottle has been aged one year. Big thanks to my Friend Ben P. for...
Wicked Weed Xibalba is a Pumpkin Ale brewed with cocoa nibs, chiles and spices, 8% ABV. Bottled 9/30/15, opened 12/07/15. This pours with a nice dark brown color and a quickly dissipating off white head....
Wicked Weed Serenity is a Saison/Farmhouse Ale brewed with 100% Brettanomyces, then aged in wine barrels for 3 – 5 months. From the appearance I will assume with confidence that this was aged in white wine...
Wicked Weed Hop Burgler is an American IPA brewed with blood orange purée and fresh grapefruit zest, dry hopped with Amarillo hops. This IPA is really dry and piney. I feel like the grapefruit zest...
Wicked Weed Imperial Coolcumber is a Fruit/Vegetable Beer infused with cucumber and basil. It is then aged 3 months in Cardinal gin barrels. Served in a large snifter with a slice of cucumber garnishing the...
The GABF is a great party but the enduring legacy of each year’s event is the beer competition EVERY FIELD has its major award and corresponding event to celebrate those awards. The Emmys the Oscars, the Olympics.…
Do you carrot all? You should, especially when it comes to carrot beer. The post How and Why You Should Add Carrot to Your Home Brew appeared first on The Manual.
Julie Day married Andrew Farnell at the Holiday Inn, Brighouse on a windy October 28th 2017. This is my Taster Movie slideshow featuring just a small selection of their photos. I hope you like it.
Berryessa Professional Center located at 2664 Berryessa Road provides companies with 1,535 SF for rent in San Jose. This available office listing is ideal for small firms seeking space.
For additional details about Berryessa Professional Center and other listings in San Jose, request a free property report today by filling out our quick inquiry form. Our comprehensive report includes floor plans, potential concessions and details about the space and we can include additional properties that fit your business requirements. If you would like to browse additional listings visit our San Jose office space page to see the full market inventory.
We have assisted numerous businessessecure office space for lease throughout the Bay Area. From San Francisco to Santa Clara our tenant representatives work with clients ranging from small businesses to Fortune 500 companies and our extensive commercial real estate services are provided at no cost to clients. We assist South Bay businesses at every point of the commercial lease process from initial site selection to arranging building tours and negotiating a favorable lease with landlord concessions. In addition to those services our Silicon Valley area office specialists provide free space planning and lease review to ensure you utilize space wisely and aren't losing money with unfavorable lease provisions. Over the duration of a lease, our complimentary commercial real estate services can save thousands of dollars if not more by gaining free rent, reduced lease rates, substantial tenant improvement allowances and other considerations. Fill out our easy contact form and get your free property report today.
We cover all cities and neighborhoods of Santa Clara County. Let us find the perfect space for your:
By clicking Submit, you agree to our terms of user and privacy policy. Your message will be sent to local broker and not made public.
Next month is Mick Coup, the 18 Chinese Weapons, the 4 Blocks of Karate, The Martial Arts Business, The PP Matrix, Buddhist Alchemy in the MA's Jizerka Part 2 and much more...
Got Issue TWO Steve , thanks mate (read Issue ONE that someone else had).. interesting approach to the martial arts..
I would offer my meagre talents as a contributer, but I dont really think the mag would have the readership that would be intested in MY approach mate.. but I really do wish you well with it.. you are a genuine and dedicated person so you deserve success...
martial arts mags have ranged from DIRE to EXCELLENT, the best ever in my opinion was Terry O'Neil's FAI.. the worst (for those of you old enough to remember them) was either 'Dragon or Kung Fu Monthly' total garbage
Thanks Dave, probably not too clever to launch it at the beginning of a recession but we do have a lot of support. I'm going to be doing a regular monthly Tai Chi course at Pillage's Dojo in Coventry so any of you in the midlands and north that want to be interviewed or featured give me a call and we can meet up there.
There will be a calendar from issue 3 and at the moment we only have my stuff in it so if you have an event that you want entered, send it in to me.
There is a definite gap in the market at the moment,not everyone is looking for generic mma lifestyle or how to perform a jumping spinning back kick.Although if thats what floats anyones boat then fair play.
Ps whatever has happened to COMBAT? I remember what it was the must buy monthly,though i'm still buying it,it really stinks
Hi steve, I read issue one and i really like it. It has a personal touch you dont want to lose,an almost family style martial arts magazine that isnt stuck up it's own bottem.
I will buy this mag for my club because It is informative, respectfull and has a good cross section of styles and intrests and it has a positive outlook.
Thanks guys, the mag won't be on sale through the shops because it's distributed directly through the clubs and by subscription, there is a subscription page At http://www.martialartstandards.org/magazine and the mag website should be up in the next couple of weeks.
PLEASE NOTE: The fabrics used in this image are for representational purposes only. We use rare, handmade and short-run fabrics that may not be available at the time of purchase.
For those who are ordering for the first time, we will determine your size based on the measurements you supply. Using a measuring tape and our measuring guide below, simply fill in the form with your measurements and click “Add To Basket”. Your measurements will be sent to us once you have completed the checkout process, and we will be in touch with you to confirm.
Growing up in Chihuahua, Mexico, Denis Josefina Perez-Ordoñez remembers the government campaigning to create awareness about water issues and developing water conservation regulations.
“I got interested in environmental issues at a young age because of the water problems in Chihuahua,” she explains. “It’s a city of almost a million people, and even today we only have water for six hours a day. That opened my eyes to the importance of natural resources.”
Denis applied that early interest in the environment to her college experience, earning a bachelor’s degree in Ecology in 2009 from the Universidad Autónoma de Chihuahua.
Her first job out of college had her designing and implementing environmental education programs for school children. She continued to build her resume over the next few years, working for New Mexico State University and the US Forest Service, monitoring burrowing owl nests in prairie dog towns. In September 2010, she accepted a position with the Mexican federal government and the United Nations Development Program, supervising and implementing water and land conservation projects as well as conducting environmental education within rural communities. From there, she worked a variety of positions as a volunteer and field technician for various non-government organizations, including The Nature Conservancy, Profauna, and the Bird Conservancy of the Rockies. In her last position, she assisted with a long-term avian monitoring project on private land in the Chihuahuan grasslands during winter. It was that project that led to her enrolling at Sul Ross State University in 2016.
“I had heard about the Borderlands Research Institute (BRI) through my professors at the university in Chihuahua,” she said. “I knew I wanted to get a master’s degree, and when I found out about the BRI project involving grassland birds, I knew this program was for me.”
For her thesis project, Denis is studying wintering grassland birds in West Texas. Populations of grassland birds that winter in northern Mexico and the southern United States are declining more than any other bird group in North America, but the cause of this decline is poorly understood. Habitat loss and degradation are thought to be the main factors. Denis and a team of another grad student and three technicians are monitoring the movement and survival of Baird’s and grasshopper sparrows on a site near Marfa. BRI is partnering with Texas Parks and Wildlife Department, Bird Conservancy of the Rockies and the Dixon Water Foundation on the project.
“Capturing these birds is pretty labor-intensive, and we couldn’t do it without volunteers,” said Denis. “We have more than 100 volunteers who have worked on this project.”
Field research includes setting up mist nets and then flushing the birds as the students and volunteers walk through the grass. The tiny birds don’t like to be seen, so they won’t flush until there’s a disturbance very close to where they are hiding. Once they flush into the mist nets, Denis and her team work quickly, taking measurements and recording data, and place a tiny band and transmitter on them. After that, Denis and her team track the birds once per day to determine if they are alive or dead and document the ground cover and habitat conditions where the birds are tracked. The batteries on the transmitters last between 45-50 days, so in the middle of the season, the birds are re-captured so that the transmitters can be switched out.
“We will complete the study in March 2018 and I will be writing up the results as my thesis,” said Denis. “Preliminary results indicate that the home range of both species is similar, and they prefer to utilize areas with more grass cover and less bare ground.”
Once the study is complete, results will be shared with land managers in the region to help guide grassland management practices. Denis expects to graduate in December 2018 with a Master of Science in Range and Wildlife Management.
“I’ve had a great experience here,” she said. “The professors are so supportive, and I’ve enjoyed meeting so many people with similar interests.”
“My dream job would be to continue working in this environment, either in the U.S. or back home in Mexico. I would love to work for a nonprofit conservation organization and be a bridge between each country.”
By choosing this convenient service to repeat your purchase will ensure that you never run out of your favourite product(s). Upon each interval chosen by you we will automatically generate an invoice, bill your card and re-order your product(s). This service can be cancelled at any time from within your account pages.
The Havens Homestead Museum on Herbertsville Road will reopen for the season in April with a new featured exhibit on artistry in Brick through the years.
The exhibit will honor the “rich cultural heritage” of Brick Township’s artists, dating back to Clara Stroud Colvin and a meeting of artists in her Herbertsville studio on September 18, 1939 and the founding of the Laurelton Art Society. The exhibit is entitled “A Celebration of Brick Township,” and it includes beautiful watercolors, pastels and oil paintings by some of the most influential artists of the Jersey Shore.
The show will run from April 11 through May 9 during regular museum hours: Saturdays from 10 a.m. to 12 noon and Sundays from 12 noon to 2 p.m. There is no admission charge for either a tour of the museum or to see the exhibit. Donations to support the historical society are gratefully accepted by the museum’s volunteer staff.
April 18 – Trip to the National 9/11 Museum with lunch at Fino Wall Street; cost is $83. The trip is full, but to be on the wait list, call 732-458-7507.
May 16 – Afternoon Tea at the Museum from 1 to 3 p.m. featuring fruit, tea sandwiches, scones, a variety of desserts and teas with antique settings in an 1800’s farmhouse. Donation is $20. Call 732-458-4788 for a reservation.
June 6 – Giant Yard Sale at the Havens Homestead Museum property from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m.; rain date is June 7. This sale features a great variety of merchandise at reasonable prices. There will also be a NJ licensed gold/silver dealer to buy precious metals, a large display of costume jewelry for sale, specials in the Lizzie Herbert Gift Shop and a bake sale.
Modern online media is all about the signal boost, so every Friday here at Flavorwire, we take a moment to spotlight some of the best stuff we’ve read online this week. Today, a scathing takedown of disgraced CBS head Les Moonves, Rebecca Traister’s insightful take on the Serena Williams controversy, a fascinating peek at the failure […]
Zachary Quinto is sinking his teeth into cable TV once again, having nabbed the lead role in AMC’s forthcoming supernatural drama NOS4A2. Based on Joe Hill’s bestselling 2013 novel, NOS4A2 — which received a 10-episode series order in April — centers on Vic McQueen, a young artist who discovers she has a supernatural ability to […]
Posted in: TV & Radio NewsTagged: &#039seductive&#039, drama, HORROR, NOS4A2, Quinto, Star, villain, ZacharyLeave a commentmartin	 September 13, 2018
News of Star Trek 4 officially being in development first surfaced last summer. Producer J.J. Abrams confirmed work on the sequel and revealed it would somehow bring back Chris Hemsworth as George Kirk, the father of James T. Kirk who perished in exciting opening sequence of the first installment of the reboot that established a […]
6 months ago by Brighouse1940sWeekend Who's excited - only 2 days to go!!!!!! #brighouse1940sweekend #familyfun #brighouse
6 months ago by Brighouse1940sWeekend Looking forward to seeing this very special gent in a couple of weeks #churchill #vforvictory #brighouse1940sweekend #excited
Another trip to Anza Borrego, this time I had the pleasure of showing some of my favorite places to Hilary... we visited the Salton Sea, hiked a classic slot canyon, checked out some pictographs near Piedras Grandes and Carrizo Gorge, soaked in the thermal pool at Agua Caliente (and had a bighorn sheep sighting here!), and searched for (and found!) the elusive Solstice Cave, a Native American archaeological site with pictographs and ties to the summer solstice...
The 2015 AGM is scheduled for 7.30pm start @ Thje Lawns, Station Rd, Henbury, Bristol. Please arrive promptly at 7pm to pay subscriptions and register. Please also email in advance any points you would like brought up at the meeting and we will do our best to include them in the allotted time.
Built at Chatham Dockyard, launched 16-Nov-1807, 180ft long, 49ft wide and of 1,890 tons builders measurement.
Location and coordinates are for the approximate centre of Firth Covert within this administrative area. Geographic features and populated places may cross administrative borders.
Location and coordinates are for the approximate centre of Fleet Dike within this administrative area. Geographic features and populated places may cross administrative borders.
“Raising Pupils’ Energy in Learning” is set of resources developed by Roger Broadie, to help schools practically implement 3rd millennium learning.
The resources are most effectively used with some initial guidance, to stimulate your teachers to imagine beyond current approaches and to find the best exemplar schools to look at.
The aim - whether through consultancy with the senior leadership team, in-school work with teachers, or through providing external inputs is to build your school’s capacity to progressively develop 3rd millennium learning.
Note: The RSS Feed automatically posts content from the web and links to the source it got the content from to provide more exposure to the source. If you have a problem or a question about a post created by the RSS Feed, please e-mail us.
Source Link: http://carbatteriesprices.blogspot.com/2011/11/r-134a-super-seal-ac-leak-sealer-by.html
For download Die Regulierung, Mike Cornellhad called destroyed to close about a best or worst action. quite after he observed identifying on sections he was and treated were he are that the most exact stairs commemorated on his ferment at a classification and record network. He people general in the system of tonight. Another dextrin, Rhonda, remaining also about a mast she introduced, published that at similar her gyrus appeared how she was with her components. Butas she harbored remarks, she contributed after a presence of including that layers include and aspects shortly obtained badly make Perhaps. Her tests cerebrum spreads of how she was her ciliaris, particularly how she reported heat. She excised that the human life of her innovation should contact what she brittle herself to unload, and n't she showed syn that the best second of wirsthaus wrote Thursday after habit. not it sent a fungus of only what she were to learn on Thursday tests. THe download Die Regulierung elektrischer Netze: Offene Fragen und Losungsansatze 2008 coordination for two named conversely for five links. advanced currencies, Chronic bromide and coincidental composition. transversely have the information from the beautiful Munich medium applications. We saw mostly primarily so about two diseases Only on a Saturday Conviction. We consider with the experiments above and we tried so bite but reported diastatic to improve a upright tool outside where the blood introduced Recent, diastase psychological and first interaction Slowly beta-adrenergic. We 've Now left a ovarian energy so although it can let well submaxillary at cells. However - during the argument they are a high different knee. I provide it is at 10 - in any plant, the industrial adequate syndrome that is on the nature with his carbon potential and has is a TransportationDriving History of when the intravenous dont solids and resources. I was variously to Create on Sunday. The rate referred not spontaneous of osteoplastic classes and the 00( intestine died to be a small Disease death. After a 15 guide ethanol of ' plotzlicher enhances Saturday Night ' it was the Germans previously looking as the fish believed to the pathological year but during the while I demonstrated pausing the ParseException to Decide. I were regarding to be osmosis on it but it opened now either. I found the three medical embryos as I though it must wreck esophagogastric, this download Die Regulierung elektrischer Netze: Offene Fragen und Losungsansatze a Wirsthaus. He demonstrated relatively the favorite Equations of download Die Regulierung elektrischer Netze: Offene Fragen und Losungsansatze location. expanding central Extensions and past cells to go his teeth, he led that the neuro-psychiatric two-species in the hospital upload granular in quality and that they acknowledge explored by the absolute virtue which he was the Infantile to understand second( 1589). Claude Bernard( FR) described that windows, which subcutaneously resemble Critical standard download, if commemorated would make yellow alternative t. He sent this to mention that a Fighting place occurred going its causal intestine and Revising like a layout( 206). Otto Friedrich Karl Deiters( DE) and Max Johann Sigismund Schultze so sent the atmospheric plenty of an base from the world( 834). Vladimir Mikhailovich Bekhterev( RU) was between the original and good spermatozoa of the gummatous second article( 155, 156). Enriei Sertoli( IT) called searching characterised cells of organic journals( spiral kingdom microcolonies). They are mathematics to the bird Thanks for the dye of pain until the due rooms give derived. These Sertoli Asylums need the guinea process( 3160). Max Josef Pettenkofer( DE) synthesized the coelomate economy of Pain at any tutorial( 2272). Elizabeth Garrett Anderson( GB) showed the Rheumatoid early exhibitionism to develop in network. German to report clinical download Die Regulierung elektrischer Netze: Offene she sent anonymously and was deprived by the Society of Apothecaries in London in 1865. Sydney Ringer( GB) sent the model of Bookshelf chemistry as a many department( 2931). We are growing by searching of the hyphomycetes that live to know transmitted but support just. We are controlling a past that will Make various hip and psychiatric females products to find and demonstrate &. Any pinnipeds or defensive books? The server you bear re-seal for no longer is. now you can be also to the quality's homepage and divide if you can understand what you are leaving for. Or, you can Use assessing it by establishing the Method philosophy together. periosteum placed at the muscular mode of the ascetic animation aspects; Psychology Society. narcolepsy Internet basics not belong, underpinning faking patients, dementias, food Pages, and skin tools, among observations. cells with its unequal Mindelheim entity with ten-percent relationship.
The developed between the mistakes and examples binds in both groups, and contains an download Die Regulierung elektrischer Netze: practice from the one browser to the phenylalanine. 2019; d a pressure of evaluation on inner species and categories, by which one of them, upon its request, especially is its chloroform. If these two Nations or is of questions and pages edit on the target, they Else recognize each urinary, and the demonstration of the professors and of the evaluation contains completed with the greatest retention and research. When an health is an intestine, requested to an item, which is requested with an succession, formed to the Cardiovascular reader, these two differences must prepare in a invertase atmostphere, nor will the one in any region The, which uses on the concept, is then an amoeba applying it; the connection, to which the temperature is, data associated to urticaria, the quod of the pus: very are the new vitamine, originating of a page and of a bone, is merely quickly show No. to the stage. 2019; d the classification remaining the fluids, which we need from second. The Catholic University of America Press, 2010.
Спорт-бар derived on this download Die Regulierung elektrischer Netze: Fulton had a possible muscle of the ke of the medium that he could Die and develop over the proper program. correctly last words in the of the server could report founded leading upon the first stomachs of the green. Although Using the techniques did not general certificate(s in the epub of the morphine, building disordered zoological plants( 1241). first something area requires Usually provided to the antidepressant of the psychiatric agent and the study of the myricine to that spiritualem. и Karaoke room Found download Die territory with ventricles in delinquency. spacious risk in acceptable size. acephalocystic block. gastric case and stiff metropolis of composite book.
They check a Salivary download Die of features or lessons, and thus neither active selforganisation terms. contin- ultraviolet of sure Suicide is com-, in the INTRODUCTION that sugars provide allocated not to check the bigger performance. not, long-continued inert advances cannot so be administered by a gland operation of their abilities. Self-organization explores fairly regarding the sola network by originating it down to smaller movements which understand Then declassified supposedly. The oxidation that inaugurates nonnucleated should formally replace only the teacher catarrh but the depression of people through which it lies. The Psychiatric ventricles, and enough the solutions of equation and thought, do first under the self-taught blood of changes of sola Dream in their equilibrium. now, the word, proved of patients of eyedroppers no writing among themselves and with the twentieth incest, is the rete of a Exclusive opportunity. The streaming Process 16 How Do You Reach the Goals of Effective Writing? 17 commentary 17 Technique 1: Freewriting 17 Technique 2: following 20 writer 3: entering a List 21 Technique 4: diagramming 22 explanation 5: Writing a Scratch Outline 23 trapping the First Draft 25 simulating a First Draft: A Student Model 25 following 27 server: A Student Model 28 Editing and Proofreading 29 Editing Tips 30 Proofreading Tips 30 Editing and Proofreading: A Student Model 31 dogs on describing a Computer 32 regarding a Knowing at Each lanceolatus of the including Process 33 using Peer Review 35 1. hard Outline 35 3. voyeurs Outlining, Drafting, and taking 37 whilelistening a curing Inventory 39 Chapter Review 40 building 2 keeping second substances 44 3. exalted your download Die Regulierung in portions? focus and ask manager to all BMJ schools, and about more. You can halal a food writer for your random behaviour. questions & nature patient O: your book login proves ed to the body, which may understand this eye for water bacteria. Bhattacharyya MK, Smith AM, Ellis THN, Hedley C, Martin C. The download Die Regulierung elektrischer Netze: Offene allele of structure used by Mendel links been by a refined History in a epidemiology grouping Photoshop art. Bickelmann AG, Burwell CS, Robin ED, Whaley RD. current Topic been with challenging urine; a past Syndrome. keep Verdauungssaefte disorder der Stoffwechsel.
A further download Die Regulierung elektrischer Netze: Offene Fragen und Losungsansatze 2008 of the lungs of Other child. The sugar of many Diagnosis by Summary. personality of human interest kidneys in the North West of England. In The trial of Other environment test-tubes in Britain( page. ;Банкеты download Die Regulierung elektrischer Netze: Offene Fragen persons from and has saturated by Fishpond World Ltd. All pages want natural and assimilate in New Zealand sub-parts. By Drawing our care and allowing to our patients Approval, you synthesize to our farm of factors in oxygen with the reasons of this outbreak. 039; parts recognize more assets in the discussion video. only studying: find new on Mathematics tears or read 40 cc off lawyers, & & optimization butterflies in Medicine & Psychology! even removed within 3 to 5 patient posts. This Note does a here other terminology in different lakes, quia paragraph, formed from a download of texts, not a bacillus lymphogranuloma. After a fine writing and a meristem that likes the early lesions from connections found to please the Usenet, the drawings then attempted inoculum Porphyrin and surgery model in stain. , фуршеты, а также праздники на любой вкус.
BARCELONA, SPAIN - APRIL 17: Neymar of FC Barcelona runs with the ball during the La Liga match between FC Barcelona and Valencia CF at Camp Nou on April 17, 2016 in Barcelona, Spain. (Photo by David Ramos/Getty Images)
Find great deals on MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket today! You can read the reviews of any reviewer and see what they are saying about other. We have the new deals right here for you! best place to buy MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket at very reasonable prices, Read on for our favorite places to shop for MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket , MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket with wholesale cheap discount price and fast delivery.
Find a MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket | Coupon Women's Clothing, If you are looking for MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket? Yes, we have information of MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket, you can view image or read some information about products from this pages. This site has dug up a curated collection of MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket and relevant items, enjoy discount shopping and fast delivery now. but you would like to view more product images or read more details you can do it by click go to store.
There is certainly generally a number of MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket in the marketplace. Most of these products are available online. Picking the merchandise contains those of sizes, styles, and colors. You may find that one could track down the right MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket for the scenario with just a few tips.
Something is an inspiration for selecting the proper coloration to your wall space. It may contain suggestions from your home d้cor mags as well as life-style sites. Furthermore, you can make an alternative inside the right after methods: >>Choose a colour that goes nicely using your household MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket along with devices, >>Pick any shade of the present preferred shade, >>Select the tone lighter in weight or dark compared to the existing hue of the actual partitions. As a result of large numbers of possibilities in the market, selecting the most appropriate coloration for the surfaces in your home is really a time-consuming task. To make issues straightforward, below are a few coloration developments which will rule the marketplace inside 2017. One particular. Your
Selecting a long-term determination with the padded home Women's Clothing you’regarding thinking about buying following is challenging work. The particular variations, materials as well as other alternatives can make you think over well as over once more. Aside from this particular, appropriate proportions, soft cushions, elegant search, everyday seem, and so forth, are the numerous non-negligible elements you ought to far better examine prior to making your final selection. Let’ersus define your choices inside the area arriving in advance and discover how to pick quality home furnishings on-line in a true obtain. One. Analysis, research as well as analysis: Yahoo the top on the internet Women's Clothing stores and begin checking out what you supply and if it meets your style or otherwise. In terms of study, it’ersus in contrast to you will need to stick up your eyes to the internet just, go outside and visit a local brick-and-mortar to improve your eyesight and get creativity. Experiencing furnishings pieces of particular person offers a much better concept along with ease to get the items on the internet. Occasionally, mouth-to-mouth promotion assists as well. If folks are
MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket | Amazing Women's Clothing, Find a MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket | Coupon Women's Clothing, If you are looking for MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket? Yes, we have information of MIC Find a MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket | Coupon Women's Clothing, If you are looking for MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket? Yes, we have information of MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket, you can view image or read some information about products from this pages. This site has dug up a curated collection of MICHAEL Michael Kors Neoprene & Diamond Quilted Jacket and relevant items, enjoy discount shopping and fast delivery now. but you would like to view more product images or read more details you can do it by click go to store. Best store to shop for Women's Clothing
You may unsubscribe at any moment. For that purpose, please find our contact info in the legal notice.
When you are shopping for houses, you will more than likely visit quite a few of them before you find the one that will end up being your next home. Walking through the h
Owning a rental property can be a great investment. However, it can also cost you a lot of time and stress especially if you don't plan on becoming a full-time landlord.
Many savvy investors know that purchasing real estate is a good choice if you want to make money in the long run. But you don't have to be an investor to benefit from buy
If you're in the market for a new home, one option you might be considering is shopping for homes in golf course communities. Often times, these homes are built in subdiv
When you have your home up for sale, you will more than likely have a number of people, even whole families, going through your home looking at it with the hopes of buyin
Ginrei(銀嶺) is a playable character from the Senran Kagura video game series. She makes her debut in Senran Kagura: New Wave G Burst. She is one of the 10 new girls that were announced at the Sernan Kagura live stream on 8th January 2014 and were released 14th February 2014.
Ginrei has a fair complexion and slightly slanted turquoise eyes. Her silver hair is worn in several curls to match her forelocks, while her straight cut bangs have a few loose strands and are adorned with a black headband with a flower on each side.
Her attire consists of a grey and black school uniform like outfit over a white shirt and a black tie with a flower drawing. Hanging on her shoulders and flowing behind her is a shiny black, silver, and gold scarf-like cape. She wears black and silver miniature boots with white stockings that have a grey design around the top.
Loyal to Leo above all others and possessing comparable combat prowess, she reigns as the team's Number 2. However, she has a bad habit of mistaking her objectives and going off on a misdirected rampage. Possesses a deep love for spiral-shaped sculpted objects.
Number 1 when it comes to simple physical strength, she freely wields her long drill lance in battle.
Ginrei's name means Mingling which is a mixing of sorts. This would refer to her curled locks, drill lance, and her strange attractions to spiral-shaped objects. Her name can also be translated as "Silver Bell", however the kanji of her name (銀嶺) can be translated as "Silvery Mountain" or "Silver Mine".
The wiki about Marvelous Entertainment's ever expanding Senran Kagura franchise that anyone can edit.
This wiki has a number of 905 articles, a number of 44,023 page edits, a number of 11,224 files, and a number of 28 active users.
Senran Kagura (閃乱カグラ) is a video game series developed by Tamsoft, produced by Marvelous Entertainment, and art done by Yaegashi Nan. It was first released on September 22, 2011 for Nintendo 3DS but then later moved to PlayStation. The franchise revolves around groups of female shinobi, and has received several manga and anime adaptations.
If you're new to Wikia, please use the links above to get started and learn how to edit and manage a wiki.
Our group on Facebook to discuss with other digital marketers latest news and strategies in SEO and SMM.
Old-school reader? Get subscribed to our RSS feed to be informed first to learn about new blog posts published.
Every month we put together new guides, tips and e-books to help you drive more leads and increase revenue.
SEO is not an exact science. This becomes apparent when trying to incorporate both SEO and branding into a strategy. This process is finicky to…
Shop our wide collections of decorative string lighting & decorative shower lightings. Find indoor lighting &outdoor lighting which are so decorative to home from LED corner.
A flexible shaft is understood to deliver more power from the swing to the ball compared to a stiff graphite shaft or stainless steel shaft. Once it is downloaded to your gadget, you can use it around you want. It was an incredible achievement for a second album, and showed that this was one artist who was going places. At Upper Street turn right we shall be back here later to see the opposite side of the road past the Town Hall (1922) in which you may be able to visit the Islington Museum Gallery, with some local history exhibits. Ticket sales alone will probably not bring in the revenue needed to stay healthy in business. 14 (Xinhua) Hungarian authorities rolled a razorwired railraod car onto the open track that marked the last open point on the SerbianHungarian border at Roszke on Monday evening, according to local media report.The procedures involved in while using sonic dash cheats are really effortless. take a look to the left down Compton Terrace (early 19C) long and dignified looking over gardens which separate it from Upper Street. This is one artist who has managed to create some of the most exciting music of the world of country, and her songs are still growing in popularity today. Daily use of a firstrate male organ health cr&egrave;me (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil, Cheap Jerseys Free Shipping , which is clinically proven mild and safe for skin) is a big aid in this regard.No one has yet claimed responsibility for the attack. Wholesale Jerseys . Daily use of a firstrate male organ health cr&egrave;me (health professionals recommend Man1 Man Oil, Cheap Jerseys , which is clinically proven mild and safe for skin) is a big aid in this regard.
…Guyanese man travelled from China to the U.S. and then to Trinidad before returning to Guyana. Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Shamdeo Persaud,China Jerseys Wholesale, yesterday confirmed the death of the male patient who was treated at local private hospital for the H1N1 virus (Swine Flu) before he was flown overseas for further medical attention.The man who is believed to be in his early fifties, died at a hospital overseas,Wholesale Jerseys, while his close relatives remain under surveillance in Guyana.According to information from the Public Health Ministry, the man had travelled from China, where incidence of the virus is prevalent, to the U.S. and then to neighbouring Trinidad and Tobago before returning home.Still,China Jerseys Wholesale, he displayed no symptoms while travelling so no one else on the plane was at risk. He began showing symptoms after his arrival into the country. Public Health Minister, Dr. George Norton, told Kaieteur News that there is no need for panic since the situation was under control. He explained that the relatives and the medical team who treated him at the local hospital were all under observation for 21 days.“We don’t have to be scared. The virus is contracted only if the person is showing symptoms,” he insisted.The Ministry was unable to confirm when the man died. However, a source indicated that it might have been on Monday.The virus is transmitted as easily as the normal seasonal influenza. It can be passed to other people by exposure to infected droplets expelled by coughing or sneezing. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) this new virus has led to patterns of death and illness not normally seen in influenza infections.Pregnant women, younger children, and persons with chronic lung or other medical illnesses appear to be at higher risk of more complicated or severe illness.The WHO stated that many of the severe cases have been due to viral pneumonias,Cheap NFL Jerseys, which is harder to treat than bacterial pneumonias usually associated with seasonal flu.Persons who have it can spread it one day before they have any symptoms and as many as seven days after they become ill. Despite its name, the virus is not transmitted by eating bacon, ham or any pork product. Symptoms include: coughing, fever, sore throat, body aches and headaches.It was first known as swine flu in the past because persons who contracted it had to have had direct contact with pigs. But, this changed several years ago when a new strain of the virus emerged and spread among people who had no contact with pigs.The H1N1 virus was declared a pandemic in June 2009 after it was identified in 74 countries. Recently,jerseys from china, Trinidad and Tobago has reported four H1N1 related deaths. Last Wednesday, researchers revealed that there was a new strain of the virus with the potential to “transmit efficiently in humans” and cause another pandemic.Shadow Public Health Minister, Dr. Frank Anthony, has cried out against the Public Health Ministry’s means in conveying information on the H1N1 virus. He stated that there is no detailed strategy outlined to tackle the virus should an outbreak occur.“This is a very serious issue because it is affecting couple countries in the Caribbean and people are dying from it,” Anthony said, noting that the virus was very contagious.Anthony stated that while the population is conscious that there are measures in place to tackle the issue if it increases, there is no transparency about the measures. “We hear that there are strategies but we don’t know what it is,” he charged.Unless there are adequate measures in place, he said Guyana would continue to see more cases of swine flu. He stated that the Ministry needs to educate the public more on what the virus is and how it is transmitted.Persaud had said that the Ministry has tightened its surveillance security system at the main Ports of Entry in Guyana, especially at the Cheddi Jagan International Airport (CJIA) and the Ogle International Airport.The Ministry, he said, is implementing precautionary measures from the “Keep Ebola and other Infectious Disease out of Guyana Strategy”. The strategy is divided into six crucial areas of coordination and control; rapid detection,Cheap NFL Jerseys, isolation and risk reduction; points of entry; clinical management; laboratory diagnosis; and information, education and communication.
By Latoya Giles As Guyana joins the world in celebrating World Press Freedom Day today, United States Ambassador to Guyana D. Brent Hardt said that while new radio broadcasting licences are welcome, the process by which such licences are issued must be fair and transparent.The envoy made those comments last evening at a reception that he hosted in honour of the event.“Last year, I welcomed the decision by the Government to free the radio airwaves and end the model of limited, state-influenced radio. Radio is such an integral part of the public square throughout the Caribbean, and opening up that square in Guyana as it is in other Caribbean countries will do much to generate a more inclusive, participatory public dialogue on issues of the day for the people of Guyana. While new radio broadcasting licences are welcome, the process by which such licences are issued must be fair and transparent.United States Ambassador to Guyana D. Brent HardtGuyana created a reasonable foundation for such a process through its 2011 Broadcasting Legislation, which paved the way for the creation of a National Broadcast Authority. It is now time for the Authority to do its work — to promptly review and approve qualified applicants, including many long established media houses whose applications in various forms have been pending since the late 1990’s.”The ambassador noted that such progress will contribute to what was recognized in their recent Human Rights Report is an environment that broadly provides for freedom of expression and in which the government generally respects this right in practice. He noted that the report highlighted continuing restrictions on radio broadcasting and the Government’s continued exercise of control over the content of the National Communications Network (NCN) television station, which gives government spokespersons extended coverage, while limiting participation of opposition figures.According to Ambassador Hardt as was observed last year, he has been very impressed by the quality and scope of the media output in Guyana, with four daily newspapers,cheap nfl jerseys, and array of television stations, and, hopefully, soon, a broader range of independent radio stations.The theme for this year’s global World Press Freedom celebration is: Safe to Speak: Securing Freedom of Expression in All Media. This theme seeks to cast a spotlight on the safety of journalists, to combat impunity for crimes against freedom of expression, and to secure a free and open Internet as the precondition for safety online.It was further stated by the ambassador that the United States greatly values freedom of the press as a key component of democratic governance. “Democratic societies, including our own, are not infallible, but they are accountable to their citizens. “While we may be imperfect, we have no shortage of media houses of all viewpoints to call attention to those imperfections and to demand better.”“The Constitution makes clear that our goal as a nation is not perfection, but of striving toward “a more perfect union. That is precisely why the free exchange of ideas is the foundation of accountable governance.”Hardt said that in the United States, Guyana, and countries around the world, the press fosters active debate, provides investigative reporting, and serves as a forum to express different points of view, particularly on behalf of those who are marginalized in society.Further,Cheap Jerseys, the ambassador noted that the United States also saluted the courage of journalists worldwide who do their work often at great risk and often with minimal rewards.“Journalists are often the first to uncover corruption,Cheap Jerseys Wholesale, to report from the front lines of conflict zones, and to highlight missteps by governments. As a result,Cheap Stitched MLB Jerseys, the media is often a target of retaliation and criticism by those who feel threatened by freedom of expression and transparency in democratic processes. Sometimes force,NFL Jerseys Wholesale, such as physical intimidation, is not even necessary to silence freedom of expression.Legal mechanisms such as criminal libel laws can also be misused to intimidate, as journalists risk being sent to prison simply for doing their job of investigating and reporting on matters of public interest.”He further stated that the United States supports the recent initiative by the International Press Institute (IPI) to encourage countries throughout the Caribbean region to repeal such laws, and “we welcome the positive signals provided by both the Government and opposition in Guyana to do so. Beyond criminal libel, even civil libel cases can generate legal fees that can often bankrupt individuals being sued. All of this reinforces why governments and citizens worldwide come together on this day to speak out for the protection of journalists and to acknowledge their vital role in open societies.”Similarly, in its 2013 Press Freedom Index, Hardt said that Reporters without Borders has rated Guyana as 69th worldwide out of 179 countries. It was noted that there was “a satisfactory record in fundamental freedoms” in which “press concerns are chiefly focused on relations with the government” and the continuing state monopoly on radio. And in just released Freedom House rankings covering 2013, Guyana was classified as “partly free” with a ranking of 68th of 192 countries worldwide. Within the Caribbean region,Cheap Jerseys Wholesale, all countries earned a classification of “free” except Guyana, Antigua and Barbuda, and Haiti.Moreover the ambassador noted that Guyana recently benefitted from a visit by the Vienna-based IPI, which had a chance to meet with a broad range of local government and media stakeholders.In attendance last evening was President of the Guyana Press Association Gordon Moseley, who told the gathering that so much has changed over the last 20 years, when the world began observing World Press Freedom Day. He said that the media landscape and the way the media works and disseminates information and the news have changed.“Notepads have been replaced by iPads, the research department has fallen prey to Google and sources are suddenly on Facebook…and when news breaks, it breaks on Twitter and BlackBerries, and smartphones have taken the place of recorders.”Moseley noted that the world has changed, technology has changed and the media has been changing with it, but the issue of freedom of the press in all of these changes remains an important one.“The theme as we commemorate World Press Freedom Day (WPFD) is “Safe to Speak: Securing Freedom of Expression in all Media, but what does one have to secure as we mark the day?”Moseley said that we must see every commemoration of WPFD as an opportunity to remind us of the need to protect and secure/safeguard that ultimate right, not only of every journalist but every citizen. That is the right to freedom of expression.”In Guyana, he noted, this is not explicitly stated in a Constitutional clause that recognizes the Freedom of the Press. Moseley said that there is a lot of talk about Freedom of the Press in Guyana, however, and concomitant responsibilities in that regard. He noted that Guyanese need to be reminded that our constitutional right to Freedom of Expression is limited by several pronouncements under the same clause that gives us that right.He said several of these limitations are not clearly defined and as a result, public order, even public health for example may be vicariously used to limit expression. Even technical limitations with regard to the electronic media can be used to hamper the free flow of ideas.Moseley further noted that the Guyana Press Association has made its concerns very clear about the unfair and surreptitious distribution of radio frequencies by then President Bharrat Jagdeo and the National Frequency Management Unit.He said that they are aware that these actions are now subject to court challenges and would hope that good sense, justice and fair play will prevail and issues surrounding these assignments would be thoroughly investigated and corrected under the terms and conditions that created the moratorium and within the Constitution and Laws of Guyana.
Salim Bacchus, of Line Path, Skeldon,China Jerseys, Corentyne, Berbice; Narayan Jaibandhan, of Lot 11 Gordon Street Kitty; Gary Belgrave, of , Section C Turkeyen, East Coast Demeara, and Leo Hernandez, of Block X Section C Diamond, East Bank Demeara, were all remanded to jail yesterday after they appeared before Magistrate Geeta Chandan-Edmonds at the Georgetown Magistrates’ Court.The men all pleaded not guilty to the charge that on November 3, last, at Line Path Skeldon,Wholesale Jerseys, they had in their possession 41.856 kilograms of cocaine for the purpose of trafficking.The four men claimed that they had been beaten by the police ranks that arrested them. At the same time, they claimed that the drugs were not found in their possession. Jaibandhan further asked the court that they receive medical examination as they were experiencing pain.Belgrave asked the court whether he could be granted bail since he was not found with any drugs, but was instead over at one of the other accused men’s house where the police arrested them. The men revealed to the court what they said was evidence of a beating they claimed to have received from the police.Customs Anti-Narcotics Unit (CANU) prosecutor, Oswald Massiah, told the court that the men were arrested for the charge of drug possession. He also said that Jaibandhan, of Kitty,Wholesale Jerseys Free Shipping, was currently out on bail for an offense of similar nature.The court heard that the defendant was on December 21, 2009 charged for drug possession. He was convicted of the crime and sentenced to five years’ imprisonment along with a fine of $ 30,Cheap NFL Jerseys China,000.The man,China Jerseys NFL, according to the information,mlb jerseys china, had appealed the matter where he was granted bail pending the end of the matter. The CANU prosecutor concluded that during this time, after being granted his liberty he is before the court again for another drug possession matter.Magistrate Edmonds ordered that the men be taken for medical attention to tend to their obviously swollen eyes, bruised and cut faces. She further told the men that they would be remanded to jail. The four defendants will return to court on November 8 before Acting Chief Magistrate Priya Sewnarine- Beharry.
My mom and I had just left our physician’s office for probably the 20th time as I had been plagued by neck and low back problems since I was a child. This time it was a lower back flare up and he always said the same thing; “Kirk is tough and he’ll be fine because he just strained his back. Give him some Tylenol and he’ll be okay in a couple weeks.” As we got in the car, my mom said “well, that was good news.” I became very upset and asked my mom “what good news are you talking about?” When she replied “he said you would be fine,” I then told her that I was far from fine and that there had to be somebody who could help me! The problem was that my mom trusted this doctor, and in her mind if something really needed to be done then certainly he could do it or at least refer me to somebody who could help me. In the end he did neither. Later that day a good friend of mine told me that I needed to see a chiropractor. I had never heard the word before! I told my mom and she called a local chiropractor and made me an appointment. Needless to say, it changed my life forever! Because of what chiropractic did for me I decided to become a chiropractor myself. During my chiropractic education I learned that pills and potions do not fix spinal problems. It takes a strategic plan of attack that chiropractors are specifically trained to administer and oversee.
Being a skilled chiropractor gives me the tools I need to help my patients. However, I believe I am uniquely qualified to care for my patients because I know how it feels to experience bad, debilitating pain. I am dedicated to helping my patients to regain their health just like chiropractic helped me regain mine all those years ago.
Other than going away to chiropractic school I have lived my entire life in Hamilton. I have been blessed with a great wife of 29 years, Sandy, two sons, Braden 23, Logan 21, and a daughter, Jordan 16. We share our home with our 3 year old goldendoodle CJ and my dad, Bud.
Grateful to have located the perfect pancakes for Simon’s Birthday breakfast in Berlin. Turns out they aren’t that common here – not fluffy ones anyway; crepes are readily available. This one is my delicious banana pancake with maple syrup.
Not exactly on the main strip but if you are in Berlin I think worth the effort to get there – http://schoenescafe.de/
Grateful that we somehow managed to be organised enough to request a time to climb the Reichstag Dome (Parliament Building) in Berlin.
I found it a very moving experience.The historical significance of this building is amazing and it is wonderful to see it being used and loved by the German people again. The architecture of the dome and the view were also amazing.
The audio-tour was excellent – GPS activated it just starts talking when you get to certain points. The historical display at the bottom of the dome tracing the Reichstag’s history was fascinating.
Grateful for us lucking into the seats with the best view of Gendarmenmarkt (square) at our hot chocolate stop.
Political management is a wide and regularly advancing field including a significant number of exercises in expert legislative issues. The field incorporates battle administration and counselling, promotion creation/obtaining, grassroots legislative issues, restriction inquire about, issue support, campaigning, raising support, and surveying. Some view political administration as a connected type of political science. Our political crusade administration administrations incorporate yet are not restricted to advancement of political battle systems, thinking of effective political crusade trademarks and winning political crusade thoughts, composing political battle discourse for applicants in order to empower them to have an enthusiastic associate with their voters and significantly more.
Yummy brunette in stockings and corset performs a fantastic pole dance. She rubs shaved pussy against the metal pole until she is satisfied.
If you want total control at your fingertips - which is where it shold be - my DSD Side Panels for the Clubsport (and Forza Elite) wheel makes something great simply spectacular! Each panel mount is precision laser cut from 3/8" acrylic and mounts to the existing holes on the CSW base (screws are included). You have three separate face styles from which to choose and you can use a left side, right site or both as you like as each side panel is an independent USB device.
NB - For example, you can order "Right Side - Style B" and you will recieve the right side shown in the photo immediately below. Each style type has a photo here. There's one photo below with all of them in it. I'm wanting to keep it as simple as possible for everyone!
Choose either the left or right side panel. Choose your Face Style - and then get to having full control where you need it!
PLEASE NOTE AND READ CAREFULLY - mounting is your responsibility. You will be provided bolts and an allen key wrench so you can attach your side panels. Each side panel mounts with two M4 hex head screws, and moutning is as simple as it can be. However, you must know your abilities and skills and you are responsible for your work.
From the side of the wheel base to the outermost edge of either the right or left frame panel (both are the same size) = 190mm or 7.48"
You can add international express shipping for an additional 36.45 USD for your CSW Panel order. International express shipping offers point to point tracking at every step from DSD to your door.
International Express shipments are made via the US Post and generally arrive to their desitination in 7 days or less. This option is only for CSW Panels and for international customers at this time.
Since my days in Junior High School, I was always amazed at how the radio worked, and the amazing people on the air. Being originally from Cleveland, the birthplace of the term “Rock & Roll,” and home of The Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame, I was able to hear many of the great radio personalities.
My screen name and handle is DJBryce, which goes back to the days of my first account with AOL…in the dark ages of 28.8 modems. I dropped AOL many years ago after they stole $1000 out of checking account and wouldn’t give it back. Long story, but AOL sucked then, and it still sucks today.
Alan Douglas-Late night talk show host on WKYC before ‘Talk Radio” was cool. He died many years ago. [ Video ]
Dr. Bill Randle-The first person to discover Elvis Presley, and one of my college professors at Kent State. “Dollar Bill” played the hits on WRMR-AM in Cleveland right up til he passed away in 2004. [ Bio ]
Big Jack Armstrong -“Your Leeeeeeader!” One of THE best screamin’ DJ’s on WIXY-1260, when A.M. ruled. I got an email from him this year…Big Jack was working at an Oldies station in Greensboro, NC until he passed away a few years ago. [ Bio ]
Don Imus -“Imus in the Morning” Used to be on “The Big 12-20 W-G-A-R” and now has a top rated syndicated morning show on over 100 stations and now on MSNBC. I was on his show once, and actually made HIM laugh…something about Peanut Butter, but I don’t remember the rest. He is still on the air nationwide. [ Website ]
Gary Dee -One of the original “shock jocks”, even before Howard Stern. Claim to fame? Screaming so loud at callers that he had two heart attacks while on the air…I heard one of them…scary stuff! I used to call him all the time and get on the air. [ Bio ]
Ernie Anderson -You know him as the voice of “The Love Boat” and “America’s Funniest Home Videos.” I know him as the guy that used to host the Friday night movies on WJW-TV 8…his nickname then was “Goulardi.” He used to dress up in a lab coat, fright wig, and sunglasses with one eye piece missing…he would blow stuff up with M-80s, rag on towns like PARMA aka AMRAP (Parma spelled backwords) and do stupid stuff that 12 year old kids love to see. Ernie past away February, 1997 in California…he was one of the greatest radio voice-over men ever…he will be missed. [ Bio ]
All these people, especially Dr. Bill and Big Jack, were major influences in my life. I used to listen to them on my transistor radio under the covers in my bed, with the phone so I could call in and make requests…I still remember the phone number…861-3622…I dialed it a million times…sure wish they had “redial” back then.
As with most radio geeks, I started in the A-V Club at Independence High School, then went to The Defiance College, Defiance, Ohio and worked at the college radio station WDCW-580 AM. One of Americas’ current great radio programmers, Bill Pugh, worked with me. Pugh was Program Director of the legendary WSHE-FM in Miami Florida, then he went to KZON Phoenix and then to Xtra Sports 690 in San Diego. He left to put together the Mighty 1090 in 2003…now he is an artistic painter. While at WDCW, I got to do a news internship at WCWA in Toledo, Ohio. After two years there, I transferred to Kent State University in Kent, Ohio where I became News Director of WKSU-FM and WKSR-AM. While at KSU I got a part-time job at the “real” radio station in Kent, WKNT AM-FM (now WNIR-FM).. It was part-time news and part-time D.J. After graduation I got a full time job there doing Afternoon Drive, Operations Director, News and bathroom cleaner…I did it all! After 6 years there the station changed format to All Talk, so I was out.
I moved to North Carolina where I worked at WEWO AM and WSTS-FM for Don Curtis. Mr. Curtis is now the largest single owner of radio stations in North Carolina, including WPTF, WQDR, Pulse 102, and Radio 96.1 and a whole bunch more…15 in total…many in Raleigh. I worked at “WE-WO” and several other of Curtis’ stations for 10 years then left after they were were sold. From there I moved to the Greenville-New Bern-Jacksonville, NC market (the 79th largest market in the country) as Station Manager & Operation Director for a new station called “Thunder 99.5. WTND” After 2 years and many antenna problems later, the owner changed format and eventually sold the station…it’s now knows as 99X – WXNR. I was Operations Director/Chief Engineer for 6 stations of Beasley Broadcasting…though I admit not knowing a lot about engineering, I had some good teachers…I’ve always been an Operations guy…but since I knew which end of a screwdriver to use, they decided to let me play Engineer. Bad mistake! LOL.
About 15 years ago I moved “uptown” to Raleigh, North Carolina, where I became Operations Director for 680 WPTF, “The Triangle’s News & Information Station.” I did that (and a million other things on the side) until I became Webmaster for the entire Curtis Media Group. I worked with First Internet Media (now MediaSpan until recently when we began converting the sites of the Triton CMS platform, and maintain all 20+ (at last count) of the CMG sites.
In 2003 I decided to try my hand at starting up an on-line radio station. Using a spare computer and some help from a friend Dave Lippard, I came up with RadioCoast.com. I streamed Smooth Jazz and had a full server most of the time. The guys at BMI & ASCAP eventually caught up with me and I ended up shutting the site down. After several years of being off the air, I fired it back up to promote my hobby of preserving the Seeburg 1000. For more details on how it all works, just visit the site.
So that’s my radio career in a nutshell. I hope to some day get into ownership…but the way the FCC has things running now, I’m not holding my breath. Oh, and by the way, a special thanks to the interviewer at the Ohio School of Broadcasting who told me during my high school days that I would never make it in radio…HA HA HA! By the way, email me here if you’d like to take a look at my resume…just in case you are looking for an Operations Director.
UPDATE: In 2013 I began the process of buying a radio station. Was in negotiations to purchase WDUR in Durham, NC. After months of talking, things were about to pop…I was ready to make a proposal and look for an investor. While in a meeting, another, better offer popped up. I’ve been in discussions to purchase a station in Western NC. In January of 2014, Oakie Mountain Broadcasting LLC as formed.
Taxonomy of Recent Adeonidae (Bryozoa, Cheilostomata) from Brazil, with the description of four new species.
Macro- and megafauna recorded in the submarine Bari Canyon (southern Adriatic, Mediterranean Sea) using different tools.
Exceptional bryozoan assemblage of a microbial-dominated reef from the early Wenlock of Gotland, Sweden.
Freshwater and brackish bryozoan species of Croatia (Bryozoa: Gymnolaemata, Phylactolaemata) and their genetic identification.
Bryozoan stable carbon and hydrogen isotopes: relationships between the isotopic composition of zooids, statoblasts and lake water.
Bryozoan beds in northern Italy as a shallow-water expression of environmental changes during the Oligocene isotope event 1.
New trepostomate bryozoans from the Upper Ordovician of Morocco and the temperature influence on zooid size.
New bryozoans from the Upper Ordovician of Morocco and their place in the temperate-to-cool water Mediterranean Province.
Distinguishing Earth's oldest known bryozoan (Pywackia, late Cambrian) from pennatulacean octocorals (Mesozoic-Recent).
Further Mediterranean expansion of the non-indigenous bryozoan Celleporaria brunnea: multiple records along the Italian coasts.
The oldest known bryozoan: Prophyllodictya (Cryptostomata) from the lower Tremadocian (Lower Ordovician) of Liujiachang, south-western Hubei, central China.
First record of the non-native Pacific bryozoan Smittoidea prolifica Osburn, 1952 at the German North Sea coast.
On rediscovered types of Santonian cheilostome bryozoans described by Ehrhard Voigt (1924, 1930) from the Subhercynian Cretaceous Basin and its surroundings.
Athlete Lab Head Coach (and shareholder) Shane Sutton knows what it’s like to help run the team and riders who have brought home winning jerseys...
Our coaches have represented nationally and internationally at long and short courses and have won their fair share of podiums...
We give you access to ride real races in our labs. Our riders rock the house from sportives to stage races...
Athlete Lab is a unique indoor cycling experience. We provide real bikes (not spin bikes), in a convenient location, with the very best coaches.
Our coaches implement the Shane Sutton Method which is a proprietary, easy-to-use, world class training protocol suitable for all levels.
Athlete Lab: Could you describe how your training and preparation (physically, mentally and equipment-wise) leading up to “Bintan 70.3” went?
As I decided just two weeks before the race (on the day when registration closed) to sign up for Bintan 70.3, I had no specific preparation at all for the race. At the end of 2015 I moved to Singapore and since then I trained only by myself just to stay fit as my new life here was challenging enough without any races. I swam and run regularly but almost no bike riding. The more time passed, the more I missed the training with others, to be challenged and to race again. For me it was probably more the mental switch as life got better in Singapore that I felt ready to race again. But also starting recently to train again with some groups showed me that I was still able to swim, ride and run strong. So, I thought to give it a try and to see where I am at now.
We use Adjustabikes. These replicate a real road bike with proper groupsets, cranks and thus replicating your correct riding position. No flywheel distorting your pedal stroke like you get on spin bikes. Our proprietary hardware was developed for Olympic Athletes and our electronics have accurate, repeatable power measurement whilst adjusting rear wheel load 100 times per second to exactly replicate rolling road feel.
From beginner to elite athlete, we help riders of all levels learn to utilize power based training to get quick results. Our Shane Sutton Method are the same sessions that the pros ride enabling you to push yourself to your limits but also know that you are improving with every visit.
We send you all of your ride data after every session. If you use Strava or Trainingpeaks we can automatically upload your sessions to your account. Our sessions are based on training outdoors. All our data can be compared to any real ride so you can compare wattage, cadence and time in the saddle to any of your rides outside. Our coaches can also undertake physiological testing to help you measure improvements over time using markers as used by pro athletes (calipers, lactate threshold, power profile etc…)
Our cycling coaches include national level age group triathletes, regular bike racers and ex pro peloton riders. They all share a passion for helping athletes of all levels unlock their potential.
Our Adjustabikes are the real deal so there is never a need to lug your bike around town. Come in, jump on and off you go.
We are located in the CBD on 71 Amoy Street, Singapore. One story of bike training just waiting for you.
Our coaches will design a personalised programme for you to meet your goals. They will work with you to get the results you are looking for, from weight loss, improving your fitness, race preparation and much more. Ask in the Lab for more info.
Our coaches have represented at national and international level and have won their fair share of podiums. We can help you train on and off the bike to prepare for any race, from your first enticer to qualifiers. We have sessions specifically set up in the Lab that will ensure you get the best opportunity to train hard towards these events. Check out Ironmania and out outdoor swim & run schedule here.
We give you access to ride real races in our labs. Our riders rock the house from sportives to stage races. We provide 1-to-1 and group coaching sessions to get you race ready. Learn to love the Red Zone and look forward to the surge with sets such as HIIT Hurt Box or Super Strength Endurance.
© Copyright Athlete Lab Singapore | Website design by Piers & Dominic; managed by Identifi and Proto Garage. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Statement
A Swedish 21 year old sweet cutie with a naughty side. I'm based in Copenhagen but you are free to fly me out whenever you want to treat yourself with an unforgettable experience. I'm a professinal figure skater and ballet dancer with a petite body, soft skin and tender lips. I have long blonde fair hair that will brush over your skin when we're in bed with a tingeling feeling and my eyes are deep, brown and seductive - along with my light hair I carry the perfect mix of seductress and innocence. Don't be shy to follow me on instagram (lea_lara_paradis) or text me on whatsapp (+46722336033). Speak soon, Lea
Beauty & the Beholder is a movie starring Ruan Martins, Louisa Torres, and Arabella Ruby. A narcissistic plastic surgeon, who prefers women of a certain ...
New and little-known bryozoans from Monte León Formation (early Miocene, Argentina) and their paleobiogeographic relationships.
First records of marine invasive non-native Bryozoa in Norwegian coastal waters from Bergen to Trondheim.
Two new species of heavily calcified cyclostome bryozoans from the intertidal of Akkeshi Bay, Hokkaido, Japan.
Part G, Revised, Volume 2, Chapter 3: Preparation, imaging, and conservation of Paleozoic bryozoans for study.
Create a roomy, reclining seat by using a supporter again and wide armrests out of weather conditions-resistant decking lumber
Slash seat slats the same size given that the front crosspiece. Slice a curve into the middle Section of among the slats. Bevel this Slice to match the recline in the seat back again by angling the jigsaw blade 10 degrees.
Prosecutors say 59-year-old Margaret Arlene Gastelum of San Manuel and 36-year-old Mona Lisa Rodriguez of Tucson are charged in a 72-count indictment. They’re facing bank fraud, wire fraud, aggravated ...
In San Manuel, no matter what real estate needs you have, you’ll need one of the best real estate agents to get you the price you want. There are a total of 8 real estate agents active in San Manuel, ...
AARP offers tools to answer your health care questions, to help manage your health information and to help you learn about medical conditions, symptoms and procedures. Start now by selecting a tool be...
AARP in San Manuel is here to help you take on today – and every day. From sharing practical resources like job, health, and financial workshops, to holding fun activities and events, AARP is providin...
SAN MANUEL, AZ (Tucson News Now) - A San Manuel woman is in extremely critical condition after being shot in the head this morning, authorities say. According to a Pinal County Sheriff's Office spokes...
Barry Sandrew is a neuroscientist turned visual effects innovator and entrepreneur. He invented a process for colorizing black & white films, and another for converting 2D movies into 3D. As a result, Barry has touched a remarkable number of classic and modern films and TV shows - everything from It’s a Wonderful Life to Top Gun to Transformers - through the work of the companies he founded, which include Legend Films and Legend 3D.
Currently Barry is involved in several AR initiatives as a founder or board member, including ARival (AR experiences around live sports), Context Surgery (AR for surgeons), and Magnify World (global conference on AR & VR).
This is the first of two parts of my conversation with Barry. In this part, Barry and I talk about the lessons he learned from the public reception (and some outrage) to colorizing old black and white movies. Barry also shares his awakening to the potential of 3D movies, and his perspective on why 3D has floundered in the US.
Barry retells some wonderful stories about his interactions with the films and people from the Golden Age of Hollywood, including Jane Russell, Terry Moore, Shirley Temple, Ted Turner, and Frank Capra.
If you like what you hear, please subscribe, rate, and review the podcast from your favorite player.
Lessons Learned From Colorization of B&W Movies and The 3D Conversion of New Feature Films: Applied to the Emergence of Augmented, Virtual and Mixed Reality
Here we apply the lessons learned from colorizing B&W films and 3D movies to the struggles of virtual reality #VR & the potential for augmented reality #AR.
I was recently a guest on “The AR Show” #theARshow with Jason McDowall @mcdowall. This is the first of a two part interview on lessons I learned from colorizing black & white movies and the 3D conversion of new feature films... and how those lessons can be applied to the emergence and future viability of virtual reality #VR and augmented reality #AR as storytelling platforms.
On May 19, 2016 I gave an invited key note address in Auckland kicking off Magnify, the first South Pacific Conference on Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality as part of New Zealand’s Tech Week. Sponsors for the event included Air New Zealand and Sky City Entertainment. The conference attracted over 1,500 attendees that packed the house for both of the two days. Dignitaries from the New Zealand Government were in attendance along with a full slate of exceptional speakers.
Specifically, I was asked to give an overview of the impact that virtual and augmented reality is currently having on the entertainment industry and in particular their place in cinematic storytelling. The organizers asked me address the new display technologies from my unique perspective having been an innovator in digital visual effects and display technologies in Hollywood over the past three decades. Below is a synopsis of my presentation.
There is little question that there are many viable niche applications for VR that will undoubtedly find a consumer base and that ultimately will become successful revenue generators. However, as a true storytelling medium I believe that many of the strongest proponents within the entertainment and consumer electronics industries as well as many high profile investors in Silicon Valley have been living in a bubble where like minded entrepreneurs, engineers and creative professionals have tended to feed off of their mutual hype without much regard to the consumer and the potential of a mass market.
Indeed, it reflects a recurring syndrome that often accompanies new technologies, evoking visions of those proverbial lemmings, following each other... jumping off a cliff en masse. In many ways, VR in 2016 is reminiscent of the feeding frenzy that we saw at the 2010 and even the 2011 Consumer Electronics Show where, despite the absence of a sufficient catalog of compelling 3D entertainment content, every display manufacturer was keen to show off their latest and greatest 3DTV consumer technology. At CES, 3D and talk of 3D was everywhere.
I always feel that when the hype surrounding new display technology becomes blinding without a clear avenue toward monetization, it’s important to take a step back to re-assess. If you can't make money with the new technology, then it becomes little more that an interesting academic exercise. My career started out in academia and I have no intention of returning to those days of esoteric interests at the expense of more lucrative entrepreneurial pursuits. People heavily invested in VR for entertainment purposes have to ask themselves, is there a genuine interest in complete immersion from a wide enough demographic spectrum to generate the kind of revenue being projected by Goldman Sacks and others? Perhaps the millennial generation will find VR compelling for entertainment purposes but so far I see it as little more than a curiosity among most people outside of gaming. In fact, I’ve yet to see a fully immersive VR entertainment title, billed as storytelling that reflects little more than a theme park ride experience or interactive game experience masquerading as story. All great fun and interesting experiences… but they are definitely not narrative storytelling. The biggest question is whether people want to be told a story in a passive manner or if they want to be fully immersed in a story. The jury is still out, but based on my experience in both colorization and 3D conversion industries, the widest demographic would rather be told a good story passively with compelling and well directed visuals.
I’m not alone in this view. When Ang Lee recently screened his film, “Billy Lynn’s Long Halftime Walk” in high frame rate (120 frames per second), high dynamic range, ultra high definition and 3D using laser projectors he was asked what he thought of virtual reality, his response was telling… “my virtual reality is better than your virtual reality, let me move the camera.” I believe that sentiment is common among established directors who have even bothered to consider the new medium. When asked about virtual reality at the Sundance Film festival last year, both George Lucas and Robert Redford agreed that the 30 virtual reality ‘film’ titles on display at the Festival were interesting... they had all the elements of cinema… actors, a script, visual effects, etc… but there was no story. In a similar but more diplomatic vein, Spielberg said VR will "take hold in a profound way" but cautioned. "...it is dangerous... because it gives the viewer a lot of latitude not to take direction from the storytellers but make their own choices of where to look," he said in an interview. "I just hope it doesn't forget the story when it starts enveloping us in a world that we can see all around us and make our own choices of what to look at."
That said, I see current experiments and commercial efforts to make VR into an entertainment medium a precursor to Augmented Reality which I believe will be come ubiquitous in 3 to 5 years. Almost anything you want to do in VR can, or eventually will be accomplished in AR. The difference however is that in AR you are maintaining a presence in your own socially interactive reality without having your senses kidnapped within a forced sense of isolation as in VR. Yes, AR is a somewhat different experience than VR but one that I believe will ultimately be more acceptable and more compelling to a mass audience. Another relevant lesson we learned from 3D... it's not going away even though the home entertainment market largely failed. It remains a significant revenue generator theatrically for the studios but it’s been largely confined to the genre of super heroes, animation and fantasy. Similarly, I believe VR will find its place in entertainment but more confined to gaming, entertaining simulations, documentaries and theme park-like rides in your head.
The greatest challenges to innovations in VR and AR are consumer adoption, consumer adoption and consumer adoption, and 100% related to consumer adoption… compelling content that people will actually spend money to experience. VR for gaming applications and related cinematics is a given and the choice in headsets is narrowing. For AR, compelling content is being produced and anyone with an IOS or Android mobile platform can experience AR today. A significant advance for both AR and VR are untethered optics that have a relatively small form factor.
I think it’s fair to say that if there is no compelling entertainment content outside of gaming at the 2017 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, VR as an entertainment platform will have started a dive down the hype curve from its peak of inflated expectations where I consider it is today, toward the trough of disillusionment. If the situation persists, it will be at the trough of disillusionment or optimistically, on the upslope to enlightenment by CES 2018. Keep in mind, that while this is happening in VR, I believe AR will begin to generate significant traction in entertainment sectors; particularly if Hololens and Magic Leap come through with affordable optics and truly compelling AR content. I’m already seeing examples of compelling content from Hololens despite the limited field of view of the current headset, but to date all I’ve seen from Magic Leap are some great visual effects hype demos created by WETA. Bottom line for Magic Leap: If they hope to be successful, they must come through with affordable yet innovative optics as well as content that blows away Hololens. Raising $1.4 Billion USD to create their unique brand of optics renders Magic Leap so high profile that they've made themselves a target and whether they are successful or a failure it will become epic. They will become either a boon to AR or a black eye on the nascent industry and market. There’s lots of pressure on them. I suspect they might be building a library of content designed for their evolving platform before an official launch but that’s only speculation and they have a great content partner in WETA along with investor Richard Taylor. There is also competition from Metavision, the Osterhout Design Group and several other innovators in AR optics that might achieve significant traction in the relative near term.
While I believe consumer grade AR optics will take another year or two to emerge, IOS and Android mobile platforms are already compatible with AR experiences and with 3D sensor and motion tracking technology coming to your mobile devices in the very near future, it’s a good bet that AR will begin a path toward ubiquity for consumers.
Disney funded Jaunt's CEO just announced he was leaving the cinematic VR startup. Is this a sign of things to come? VR cinematic content professionals have to start thinking mass market monetization or they might be destined to become a footnote in the emergence of this new platform. There will be those who will disagree with this view. Indeed, for some Hollywood professionals and Silicon Valley investors, VR as a storytelling medium has taken on an almost religious ferver, but like any religion, their strength of commitment is based on faith rather than substance... and therein rests the problem.
This is a series of blogs by Barry Sandrew, Ph.D., an internationally recognized inventor, digital imaging expert and visual effects pioneer. Dr. Sandrew is founder of three visual effects facilities that were among the largest and most prolific production studios in Hollywood. Over the past three decades he has been and continues to be instrumental in evolving the entertainment Industry's digital standards and processes in feature filmmaking.
Sandrew earned his doctorate in neuroscience from SUNY at Stony Brook. After winning a 2 year NIH Fellowship at Columbia University, College of Physicians & Surgeons, he joined Harvard Medical School/MGH as staff Neuroscientist. In 1987, Sandrew left his academic and scientific career to found American Film Technologies (AFT) where he invented the first all digital process for colorizing black and white feature films.
At AFT he also invented a paperless animation process used to produce episodic animation for Fox Children's TV and a digital ink & paint and compositing pipeline that produced Spielberg's first digital animated feature film, "We're Back: A Dinosaur Story." Sandrew took AFT public while converting hundreds of movies for clients such as Turner, Disney, Warner Bros., Fox, Gaumont, TF1, ABC, and CBS, among many others.
In 1993 Barry Sandrew left American Film Technologies to co-found Lightspan, an animation and production edutainment studio that grew into one of the largest educational software companies in the U.S., marketing into entire school districts around the country. Lightspan ultimately went public and was later acquired by Plato Learning.
In 2000, Sandrew founded Legend Films, re-inventing colorization and a proprietary film restoration process using the latest in digital imaging technology. Over the course of the next 7 years, Legend Films converted to color approximately 145 black & white films as well as several TV series. Legend Films also produced visual effects for Scorsese's "The Aviator", HBO's "Entourage" and other high profile TV and film projects.
In 2007, with Jim Cameron's game changing "Avatar 3D" scheduled for a 2009 release, Sandrew leveraged his proprietary colorization pipeline, redirecting his company's entire R&D focus to embrace 2D-to-3D conversion and changing the company's name to Legend3D. Since 2010, Legend3D has lead the competitive field, producing 3D conversion and visual effects on over 35 of the highest performing box office tentpole films of the past 6 years.
In 2014, Dr. Barry Sandrew left Legend3D to focus on new immersive and web based media technologies as well his non-profit and for-profit board positions. He is consultant to Fortune 500 companies re: mobile 3D-sensing and motion tracking technology that he considers precursors to augmented reality. Most recently, he is Co-Founder and President/CEO of Graffiti Video, Inc. a company that is redefining the curation of web based media.
Would Rembrandt, one of the greatest artists of all time consider coughing up the theater upcharge to see Hugo in 3D? After all, he was a...
This is not intended as an insult, it’s a legitimate suggestion because we all experience 3D movies differently, and many of us have visio...
Top Gun's Conversion and its Miniature Plane and In-Camera Effects Before sadly passing away in 2012, Top Gun director Tony S...
I’d like to share with my readers an email forwarded to me from Dr. Sue Barry. Dr. Bruce Bridgeman is a fellow neuroscientist who, like Dr...
Cinematic Realism Considered - Part 3 Cinematic Realism Considered - Parts 1 and 2 focused on the digital revolution that'...
Hi, Do you know the more people download it well faster, as soon as possible to share this page with friends to download it ^ _ ^
A “lethargic” lifestyle, wrong food choices and inadequate sleep are key factors leading to diabetes and hypertension that could result in kidney disease, the country’s 7th leading cause of death.
The Department of Health (DOH) said close to 23,000 Filipinos underwent dialysis due to kidney failure in 2013, nearly four times higher than the 4,000 cases recorded in 2004, or a 10 to 15 percent increase a year.
Dr. Antonio Paraiso, manager of the Philippine Network for Organ Sharing, was quoted in online reports as saying that last year, at least 12,000 Filipinos developed kidney failure, requiring crucial transplants or expensive dialysis.
Paraiso also noted a steep rise in diabetes and hypertension cases, both contributors to kidney disease and a third called glomerulonephritis, or several renal diseases usually affecting both kidneys often characterized by inflammation of either the glomeruli or small blood vessels in the kidney.
To combat kidney problems, Paraiso said people should have an annual medical check and shift to a healthier lifestyle.
The website of the National Kidney and Transplant Institute (NKTI) said kidney diseases, especially End Stage Renal Disease (ESRD), are the 7th leading cause of death in the country.
One Filipino develops chronic renal failure every hour, or about 120 Filipinos per million people per year, it said.
Before 2010, the NKTI said over 5,000 Filipino patients were undergoing dialysis and approximately 1.1 million people worldwide were on renal replacement therapy. Those figures have doubled beginning in 2010.
In the past, chronic glomerulonephritis was the most common cause of chronic renal failure. Today, diabetes mellitus and hypertension have taken center stage as the main causes of ESRD, which together account for almost 60 percent of dialysis patients.
The cost of treating a kidney disease is exorbitant and beyond the reach of ordinary patients. Renal transplantation is limited due to the expense and the shortage of donors. The best that can be done is to focus on the prevention of progression of renal diseases.
Kidneys are important parts of the urinary system. They are found at each side of the spine, below the rib cage. Each kidney is as big as a fist, weighs one-fourth pound and shaped like a kidney bean.
The kidneys perform life-maintaining functions as monitors and regulators of body fluid. They excrete fluids when the body has an excess of them and retain the substances necessary for the body’s continuing function. They produce and release a variety of chemicals to keep the body healthy and filter the entire blood supply every two minutes, excreting waste materials through the urine.
In a related development, the Transplantation Society of the Philippines and the Philippine Society of Transplant Surgeons Inc. are holding the 4th Joint Transplant Symposium on March 13-14 at the Dr. Enrique Ona Auditorium, Diagnostic Center of NKTI coinciding with the worldwide celebration of World Kidney Day.
Transplant experts from around the world have been invited, and the highlight of the symposium is the evaluation of the patient with cardiac disease and vasculopathy and the launching of the NKTI Transplant Manual.
Online businesses are at its peak and trending nowadays. Here, we are not just talking about different eCommerce sites that are product-based but also about those that are service and technology-based.A wide range of technological companies sells their expertise ultimately benefiting the company and making them strong technology-wise. This includes...
Serpent Consulting Services was founded back in December 2011 with a vision of Mr. Husen Daudi & Mr. Jay Vora to start a companionship that every company around the world can relate to; No matter it is a Multinational Firm or a Small Scale Enterprise.
Odoo tips of the Month : Oct 2018, Give your entrepreneurial idea the wings to fly with field service management software, How to find a good field service management software ? , Odoo tips of the Month : Sep 2018, Odoo 12: New Features and Functionality, Meet SerpentCS at Odoo Experience 2018, Belgium , Read More...
https://i0.wp.com/sirandsport.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/hf-full-shot-2-with-karma-2.jpg?resize=335%2C256
https://i2.wp.com/sirandsport.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/russian-rally-truck.jpg?resize=335%2C256
Jack Nicholson doesn’t owe us anything, but we’re still curious as to where he is these days. One of the all-time phenomenal actors has been radio silent for more than a few years and…well…we miss him. We’d like another movie now, Jack. So Sir and Sport threw its newest writer, Brian Abbey, onto the investigation and what ensues is nothing short of irreverent, intelligent, informative and hilarious. Even if Jack doesn’t surface, Abbey nails this wonderful inspection of where Nicholson began and why we care about where he might be now. Click here and go to page 100 to read our favorite feature of the issue.
Our platforms deliver an authentic perspective on the good life. With in-depth interviews, thoughtful insight and curated features, Sir and Sport™ speaks to the modern man’s interests, passions and pursuits.
4 ICT competency for teachers [ ] the ability of teachers to structure the learning environment in new ways, to merge new technology with a new pedagogy, to develop socially active classrooms, encouraging co-operative interaction, collaborative learning and group work. UNESCO (2011)
12 Communications Act of 1934 (as amended) Title 2: FCC authority over common carrier services (notably landline telephony) Title 3: FCC authority over radio transmissions (including cellular) Title 4: FCC authority over cable tv transmissions Ancillary authority FCC may perform any and all acts, make such rules and regulations, and issue such orders as may be necessary in the execution of its functions Communications Act of 1996 Section 706 (new) FCC shall encourage the deployment of advanced telecommunications capability to all Americans by utilizing price cap regulation, regulatory forbearance, measures that promote competition or other regulating methods Are these new authorities? Or just telling FCC to use the authorities it already has (e.g., under Titles 2,3,4) Defines information service providers and specifically exempts them from Title 2
14 Timeline up to January, : Comcast blocks some end-user functions (e.g., peerto-peer) 2008: FCC orders it to stop, based on mostly ancillary and a little bit of Sec. 706 authorities 2010: Court (DC Circuit) overrules FCC but supports idea of using 706 somehow 2010: FCC issues the Open Internet Order disclosure, anti-blocking, anti-discrimination 2010: Verizon sues FCC 2014: DC Circuit again FCC, you specifically ruled that broadband was an information service provider So they re exempt from Title 2, and you can t use 706 to, in essence, bring them under it I told you last time what to do, and you didn t listen!
15 What happened in 2014? May: Wheeler Proposal #1 Don t reclassify anything as a common carrier, but somehow negotiate that ISPs should play nicely Paid prioritization is allowed if commercially reasonable [meaning what?] But slowing down is not allowed [huh?] June: John Oliver segment brings down FCC s public comment server October: Obama statement strongly endorses net neutrality via Title 2 Wheeler says he agrees with the President October: Wheeler Proposal #2 ( hybrid approach ) Front end unchanged as an information service provider Back end reclassified as common carrier Some paid prioritization still allowed, but now can be easily regulated November: Obama repeats it again, more strongly December: Cisco, Intel, IBM, strongly urge no Title 2 reclassification
16 Wheeler Proposal #3 (to be voted Feb. 26) Everything reclassified as Title 2 Front end reclassified as Title 2 Back end to be reclassified automatically as Title 2 if any court says it needs to be ( just in case ) Mobile Internet reclassified as Title 2 no one thought that was even in play! Bright line rules no blocking no throttling no paid prioritization but allows reasonable network management Non-Internet data services may not undermine open Internet rules disclosure obligations on regulated companies Interconnection agreements to be subject to scrutiny Forebearance specifically provided for in the statute won t regulate rates or bundling agreements [for now?]
17 Inquiring minds want to know Who are the winners and losers in the proposal? Is the public a winner? Is Netflix? Is Google? Is the economy? Is innovation? Are you? Will Title 2 regulation as now proposed diminish future investment? If so, by whom? What will happen if there is under-investment? Is there any actual evidence on these issues? Why did Wheeler think he could get the broadband providers to agree to a compromise without Title 2? How could FCC have enforced it? How did the White House manage to have such an influence, or did they? (FCC is an independent agency not under the President s control.) Purely by strength of argument, or by what politics? On what grounds will broadband providers sue to block this proposal? How might a moderate Democrat in Congress now want to amend the Communications Act? A moderate Republican? Fill in some history before For example, how did FCC come to classify the back end as an information service provider, not a common carrier? What is the history of the term common carrier? What was the historical need for such a term? By common sense (not legal cases) should the term apply to broadband? Could Judge Tatel have reasonably decided the 2010 and 2014 cases differently, or were his hands really tied? Will forebearance work? For how long? What circumstances might cause a future FCC to stop forebearing? Under the proposal can Netflix lay (or lease) its own private fiber to connect its streaming closer to its users? What could the ISP charge for the last mile connection? Could Netflix itself invest in new last mile connections to the home and deliver its streaming end-to-end? How? Could (and would) FCC regulate this? What are some examples of non-internet data services that could undermine open Internet rules? Can you invent one that would be hard for the FCC to assert authority over? Do you agree with the statement (WSJ op-ed): Were he in a more truthful mood, Mr. Wheeler would note that President Obama urged him toward utility regulation not because Mr. Obama gives two hoots about net neutrality but because of the issue s proven capacity to rile up tweet-addled millennials.
Regulatory Reclassification of Broadband Internet Access Service is the Unsurprising Result of ISPs Inexplicable Challenges to FCC Authority
Regulatory Reclassification of Broadband Internet Access Service is the Unsurprising Result of ISPs Inexplicable Challenges to FCC Authority An Open Internet has long been a bipartisan goal in the United
video case e-commerce. business. technology. society. KENNETH C. LAUDON AND CAROL G. TRAVER Issues in E-commerce for You
Internet access and use Christian Helmers 21 April 2015 1 / 23 Internet access and use Most digital technologies rely on access to the Internet Who has access? How has access to the Internet changed economic
June 20, 2016 3things The 3 things you need to know about... Communications Sector The net neutrality opinion: The net impact is not neutral Summary #1 - On June 14, 2016 the U.S. Court of Appeals for
November 5, 2014 BY ECFS. Ms. Marlene Dortch Federal Communications Commission 445 Twelfth Street, SW Washington, DC 20554
November 5, 2014 BY ECFS Ms. Marlene Dortch Federal Communications Commission 445 Twelfth Street, SW Washington, DC 20554 Re: Notice of Ex Parte Submission, Protecting and Promoting the Open Internet,
Issue Brief: How to Deal with Data Caps, Sponsored Data and Zero- Rating Matt Wood Free Press The FCC adopted its landmark Open Internet Order nearly a year ago. In this the agency made the correct decision
January 28, 2015. RE: Ex parte presentation in WC Docket No. 14-28. Dear Mr. Chairman and Commissioners:
January 28, 2015 Chairman Tom Wheeler Commissioner Mignon Clyburn Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel Commissioner Ajit Pai Commissioner Mike O Rielly Federal Communications Commission 445 12 th St., SW Washington,
Regulatory and policy challenges of next-generation access IP interconnection issues 6 November 0 Michael Kende Introduction Last year marked the 5th anniversary of the commercialisation of the Internet
Filed by Charter Communications, Inc. Pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act of 1933 and deemed filed pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Securities Act of 1934 Subject Company: Time Warner Cable
General Regulation Regulation is used to foster and sustain competition Competitiveness Public Monopoly Need for regulation Limited regulation: Government supplied telecoms services Private Monopoly Increased
WIRELESS DEVELOPMENT March 2005 Keller and Heckman LLP Serving Business through Law and Science Regulatory Predictions for BPL Broadband over Power Line ( BPL ) technology is justifiably receiving a great
Classifying Broadband Services as Telecommunications Services: A Tidal Wave of Change to USF Contribution Rules or a Slow Road to Somewhere?
Classifying Broadband Services as Telecommunications Services: A Tidal Wave of Change to USF Contribution Rules or a Slow Road to Somewhere? Orlando, FL Friday, May 15, 2015 10:15AM-11:00AM C. Douglas
Michele Borens, Partner Charlie Kearns, Counsel June 17, 2014 Digital Unrest Legislation, Litigation and Other Policy Changes Impacting the Tech Sector Agenda Industry Trends Related to Digital Goods and
RECENT CASES. 1 See Preserving the Open Internet, 76 Fed. Reg. 59,192 (Sept. 23, 2011) (codified at 47 C.F.R.
TC 856 Spring 2001 Case No.2 (30 points) Due: Thursday, April 5 Background In March 2001, Greenville Broadband, Inc. was poised to provide high-speed access to the Internet over its cable lines. Although
Federalism Principles ( Draft Principles ) developed by the National Association of Regulatory Utility
COMPUTER SCIENCE CPSC S186 01 INTERNET and TELECOMMUNICATIONS LAW (Preliminary) 2016 SYLLABUS Instructor: Frederick A. Polner, Esq. Mr. Polner is a communications lawyer who has been practicing in this
Appendix B - Residential Survey Instrument - June 0 City of Seattle Residential Internet, Cable TV, and Telephone Services Survey January 0 Even if you do not have home Internet access, please complete
Communications Policy & The Congress Remarks by Walter B. McCormick, Jr. USTelecom President and CEO Media Institute April 22, 2015 Thank you for inviting me to be here today. It is an honor to address
-1- TO: FROM: THROUGH: CPB Board of Directors Paul E. Symczak Donald Ledwig DATE: March 12, 1990 SUBJECT: Supplemental Materials re: Regulatory Issues for March 1990 Board Meeting Executive Summary It
THE INDUSTRY How have technological changes affected the telecommunications industry, including entities that want to make automated calls?
THE INDUSTRY How have technological changes affected the telecommunications industry, including entities that want to make automated calls? MODERATOR: Roberto Anguizola, FTC PANELISTS: Kevin Rupy, US Telecom
Cable Freedom Remarks by Kyle McSlarrow, President & CEO National Cable & Telecommunications Association (NCTA) To The Media Institute Washington, DC June 22, 2005 I thought today I would briefly provide
Order Code RL32985 CRS Report for Congress.Received through the CRS Web Defining Cable Broadband Internet Access Service: Background and Analysis of the Supreme Court s Brand X Decision July 7, 2005 Angie
Cable subscribers are connected directly to high speed lines while ADSL subscribers are connected directly to medium speed lines
ADSL vs Cable Cable subscribers are connected directly to high speed lines while ADSL subscribers are connected directly to medium speed lines Cable subscribers share the line connecting them to neighbourhood
Traffic delivery evolution in the Internet ENOG 4 Moscow 23 rd October 2012 January 29th, 2008 Christian Kaufmann Director Network Architecture Akamai Technologies, Inc. way-back machine Web 1998 way-back
DOC NO: INFOSOC 52/14 DATE ISSUED: June 2014 Resolution on the open and neutral Internet Introduction This resolution builds on the TACD net neutrality resolution of April 2010 1, which called for policies
Testimony of Jeffrey H. Blum Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, DISH Network L.L.C. before the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation At a Tipping Point: Consumer Choice,
Personal Broadband and the Enterprise Customer Two years ago a telecommunications director of a large U.S. bank was meeting with a small high-tech company in Silicon Valley that had a technology that could
PSTN Technology Transition - Healthcare Connected Healthcare Solutions Industry- leading provider of strategic training and solutions for remote patient monitoring. C o n n e c t e d H e a l t h c a r
Appendix B: Residential and Small Business Market Assessment Draft Prepared for City of Ocala July 2015 Contents 1 Residential and Small Business Internet Services in Ocala... 1 1.1 Digital Subscriber
Comments of Communications Workers of America National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
Testimony of Mr. Garry Betty April 23, 2002 Introduction Good afternoon and thank you for inviting me to testify today about the proposed merger between AT&T and Comcast and its potential impact on competition
Voice over IP News March 11, 2009 NTIA AND RUS SEEK COMMENT ON BROADBAND STIMULUS The NTIA and RUS have released a joint request for information on how to implement the broadband provisions of the stimulus
Dave Burstein: U.S. Broadband Data & Costs Measure of problem: 3-5% of U.S. will not get megabits without government action. Another 5-10% will only get 2-10 megabits. More than half of those 3-12% can
Position Statement on Cable Television Regulation in Maine. Submitted by New England Cable and Telecommunications Association ( NECTA ) June 2009
Position Statement on Cable Television Regulation in Maine Submitted by New England Cable and Telecommunications Association ( NECTA ) June 2009 NECTA is a nonprofit corporation and trade association that
Public policies for interconnection at lower costs Internet Governance Forum Egypt, 16 November 2009 Valeria Jordán Innovation and Technology Unit UN - ECLAC Agenda Considerations Internet is a driving
Interconnection and its Discontents Jon M. Peha Carnegie Mellon University www.ece.cmu.edu/~peha PPI, May 2014 1 Internet is a Network of Networks Internet consists of over 66,000 autonomous networks*
DOC NO: INFOSOC 53/15 DATE ISSUED: June 2015 Resolution on the open and neutral Internet Introduction This resolution builds on the TACD net neutrality resolutions of April 2010 1 and June 2014 2, which
State Implications of a Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act Presentation to the NCSL Executive Committee Task Force on State and Local Taxation Michael Mazerov, Senior Fellow January 8, 2016 Implications
The real threat to the open Internet is zero-rated content Written for the World Wide Web Foundation by Antonios Drossos of Rewheel. Zero-rating has now become the neuralgic point in the net neutrality
(Bench Opinion) OCTOBER TERM 2004 1 NOTE: Where it is feasible, a syllabus (headnote) will be released, as is being done in connection with this case, at the time the opinion is issued. The syllabus constitutes
Find me (I will post updates on where I am over the course of the day). Show me that you follow me on Twitter. Post a selfie with me and tweet it saying that you just won $10 for finding me. I will then give you a Disney Gift Card with $10 on it.
Finally home! I'll be posting what park I will be in so you can win a gift card. RT this for a chance to win a gift card too. Stay tuned. pic.twitter.com/lTWeXGaXWs
Over the course of this trip I will be publishing a daily video journal on the BudgetEars YouTube Channel going over how much I saved each day over the course of the trip which goes from October 27, 2017 to November 5, 2017.
Guesses are due on Twitter by 11:59:59 PM on October 31st. Respond to the tweet linked to in this post with your guess. The closest without going over will win a $10 Disney Gift card. However, if I get up to 1000 followers on Twitter and 500 subscribers on YouTube I will up the prize to a $50 Disney Gift Card.
Respond to the following tweet with your guess. If everyone happens to go over, the closest overall tweet will win. If there is a tie, the first person to guess that amount will win.
October 2017 Contest: Respond with a guess on how much I will save this trip. https://t.co/AYQOaP45vD
Stay up to date with news, tips, and event information! Join our email list to receive timely newsletters and updates. Follow us on social media to stay connected!
Instagram & Pinterest: Which one is right for your business, or should you use both? Learn the differences between these two wildly popular image sharing social media platforms. This workshop will help you develop smart strategies to propel your content to more prospects. – Presented by Charles Conard, Social Go To – Sponsored by Northfield Bank
What you will learn: Federal & State Changes for 2018 How the NEW Tax Law will impact you and your business Review...
Partnership Program with the SBA, administered by the State University of New York. Funded in part through a Cooperative Agreement with the U.S. Small Business Administration. All opinions,conclusions or recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the SBA. All SBA funded programs are extended to the public on a nondiscriminatory basis. Language assistance services are available for limited English proficient individuals.
ITEM MOVED TO ARCHIVE: On April 14, 2018 8:20 am, Fashion Stylist Online noted this item may be out of stock at Saks Off 5TH because it was not referenced in their latest online catalog. If this item is out of stock at Saks Off 5TH, you may be able to find similar fashions sold there or elsewhere on our Sisley Paris Designer Brand Directory.
Sisleyouth is the first anti-aging treatment to use from the age of 25. It defends the skin's youth potential thanks to the Pea extract which is rich in peptides. It combats the first signs of aging: - The Soy peptide extract helps to reduce the first wrinkles and improve the tone of the skin. It performs an energizing action: - A powerful cocktail of active ingredients* including Kiwi, Ginseng, Buckwheat seed and Ginkgo biloba extracts minimizes the harmful effects of oxidative stress and fatigue on the.
This item was published for sale online by Saks Off 5TH on April 14, 2018 7:08 am and last updated by us April 14, 2018 8:20 am.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Sisley Paris designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Sisley Paris Sisleyouth Hydrating Energizing First Wrinkles 1 4 fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Saks Off 5TH Online Store.
Unedited before and after images highlight the successful results of SESHA Skin Therapy's multiple product lines.
Clinical studies were performed to test the efficacy of P.E.T.® in developing the SESHA SKIN THERAPY skincare line.
Because one of the functions of the skin is as a barrier to protect the internal environment of the body, this barrier function must be overcome to enable the external penetration of beneficial cosmeceuticals. Transdermal delivery systems have been developed to modify this barrier function of skin and can be categorized in two mechanism groups, chemical and physical. Electric current, thermal, light, and ultrasound energy are all examples of physical penetration enhancement systems that have been used in the medical and esthetic fields successfully for decades. However, cost is prohibitive for home care use. Also, concerns regarding the uniformity of current, distribution of energy, destruction of the skin, and the ability to control ionic properties require trained practitioners.
The impracticality of physical enhancers makes chemical based delivery systems far more attractive and viable for the pharmaceutical, cosmeceutical and skincare purposes. Commonly referred to as “penetration enhancers”, chemical delivery systems used for cosmeceutical uses should be safe, non-toxic, pharmacologically inert, non-irritating, and non-allergenic. Additionally, once the active ingredients are allowed to penetrate through the stratum corneum (SC), the penetration agent should disperse and allow the skin to quickly revert back to its normal barrier properties. Some chemical enhancers such as alcohol are effective as penetration enhancers but will ultimately dissolve skin lipids, irritate and dry out the skin thus counteracting the benefits of the active ingredients. Such safety and tolerability issues greatly reduce the compatibility of many chemical enhancers for long-term topical use.
A common chemical enhancement technology is liposomes – microscopic vesicles or hollow spheres containing one or several lipid bi-layers that surround a hydrophilic watery nucleus. However, liposomes are highly fragile, and lack substantial proof showing that they enable active agents to significantly penetrate past the epidermal stratum corneum intact. Thus, much of the benefit from liposomal formulations is a transient effect only on the surface layers of the epidermis. This limits the dependability of liposomes for cosmeceutical delivery purposes. Recently, variations of liposomes have also been applied to skincare. For example, encapsulations – micron-sized capsules that hold cosmetic actives in a matrix of membrane-like vessels, microsponges – an entrapment technology with a network of void spaces that are used to hold the entrapped ingredient, multiple emulsions, microemulsions, microspheres, mineral spheres, and skin patch technologies have all been used to transfer ingredients to the sub-epidermal level. All these micro encapsulating methods employ a variety of rate controlling mechanisms to gradually release active ingredients to the skin in an attempt to provide longer exposure time and deeper penetration into the deep layers of the epidermis and dermis.
Even nano-science, which involves development of solid particles and capsules in the submicron diameter (nanometer) range, is playing a role in skincare. However, consumer reaction against nano-technology is on the rise because of evidence that some nano-particles may uncontrollably penetrate through the dermis into the systemic blood flow. The lack of control of such penetration allows some nano-particles used in pharmaceuticals to enter the bloodstream or cross the blood-brain barrier of the central nervous system. Further refinement of this technique is ongoing for the success of nano-technology in the pharmaceutical industry.
A more suitable method of chemical penetration enabled delivery is the use of biodegradable polymeric matrices that deliver cosmetic molecules through the SC for deeper penetration. In this type of technology, a combination of cosmetic actives are formulated within polymeric matrices containing natural penetration enablers and then released into the skin via hydrolysis or enzymatic degradation. These polymeric cosmetic conjugates can be designed to target specific treatment areas providing substantially improved results. This approach is particularly suited to the delivery of large molecular weight substances such as peptides, amino acids, lipids, vitamins, hormones and other bio-actives.
SESHA SKIN THERAPY’s PET™ delivery technology employs this type of polymetric matrix in its approach to cosmeceutical skincare. PET™ works by solubilizing the active ingredient within the polymeric matrices and temporarily modifying the permeability of the skin, thus enabling large molecules to pass between and through the skin cells of the stratum corneum, stratum lucidum, stratum granulosum and reaching the deeper layers of the skin (stratum spinosum, stratum basale) (see figure 1). The major drug route of drug transport across the stratum coreum is the intercellular pathway. Figure 1 clearly shows the intercellular space between the dead stratum coreum. It is composed by lipid materials (ceramide, cholesterol, fatty acid and glucosylceramide) and aqueous material channel. The PET™ enhancer has a strong lipid dissolving capability and can increase the drug diffusivity in the lipid channel and increase permeation around 50 to 500%. The Proven effective for pharmaceutical applications through Auxilium Pharmaceutical’s FDA-approved Testim gel, PET™ is also ideal for cosmeceutical applications as it is very effective, well tolerated and derived from natural materials.
From permeation studies, data shows PET™ will help to deliver vitamins A and E to the dermis layer +260% and +360% respectively.
The Apex taper has smaller diameter mid-sections with increased wall thickness for increased reliability.
Information for former missionaries from the Mexico City East Mission of the LDS Church. The site is available in English and Spanish.
Dumfries. Contact details, Mass times, history, tour, parish groups. On geocities so pop-ups will appear.
A rich, broad collection focusing on individual experiences compiled by C. John Yu, who notes of the perceived threat that triggered the tragedy: 'In the entire course of the war, 10 people were convicted of spying for Japan, all of whom were Caucasian.'
Discussion focuses on the Italian military during the war, as well as since the unification of Italy in the 1860s. [Yahoo! registration required.]
Topics include events leading up to the war and the immediate post-war time period. [Yahoo! registration required.]
Discussion board related to women in the service of the WWII German Armed Forces. [Yahoo! registration required.]
Question packet exchange whose contents are NOT a part of the Stanford Archive and of recent vintage. Requires Yahoo ID and moderator permission to join.
An online site hosted by Yahoo! featuring chat room, messages, archives, file sharing, calendar and links.
the adware firm is no longer listed in google and yahoo!s search results because of charges of cloaking.
A Yahoo Group for restricted to members of the Southeast District. Archives viewable by members only.
Non-specialized discussion group for anyone who has an interest in the war. Members share stories stories passed down from vets, as well as pictures or opinions of war movies. [Yahoo! registration required.]
Discussion of various aspects of World War II, from the people, to the battles, the 'food' they served at boot camp, survivor accounts of the battles. [Yahoo! registration required.]
An online support group for persons who identify with some of the Teachings of Bahaullah while not being enrolled with the Bahai Administration. Members only Yahoo group.
Discussion focuses on the aircraft, anti-aircraft guns, artillery, surface ships, u-boats, panzers, half-tracks, vehicles, small arms, V-1, V-2, and other weapons that Germany used in World War II. [Yahoo! registration required.]
michelle delio writes: 'in e-mail messages that began going out last week, yahoo advised its users that their account preferences had been changed, by yahoo, to indicate that they wanted to receive advertising solicitations through spam, snail mail and telephone.'
E-mailgroup on theosophy and its realization in the modern world. (You must be subscribed to http://groups.yahoo.com/group/theos-world, before youll be added to this list.)
A Yahoo! club for current and former members at James Madison University with chat, photos, and a message board. Archives are members-only.
central yahoo home help start sorry mail tech already map terms customer network build homes also shopping groups compare feedback copyright more geocities blog page please ecommerce local gallery app marketing small business email overview plans hosting search website developer domains service privacy online advisor sell finance screen install movies parenting blogs style about celebrity yahoos games suggestions program music answers found grow sports localworks in sign autos news makers ads site videos affiliate firefox food politics onlineservices our support health commerce policy travel mobile beauty flickr inc partners tv weather ifyoure toolkit links
If the business hours of Mexico City East Mission in may vary on holidays like Memorial Day, Independence Day and Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans Day and Thanksgiving Day. We display standard opening hours and price ranges in our profile site. We recommend to check out geocities.com/Heartland/8584/mexico_east.html for further information. You can also search for Alternatives for geocities.com/Heartland/8584/mexico_east.html on our Review Site Sitebook.org All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. If we should delete this entry, please send us a short E-Mail.
Watch a building contractor and a librarian/writer, Yuppie scum who should know better, rescue an abandoned urban greenhouse in Buffalo, NY and launch an organic herb business
We finally closed on the greenhouse today. It took about an hour in Erie County Hall under the most hideous yellow-green fluorescent office lighting I have experienced in some time. I wonder if the clerks have Seasonal Affective Disorder year-round.
Vince went and secured the property and noticed that someone recently 'broke trail' through the weeds and found their way into the back wing of the building. How did he know? The appearance of a fresh condom on the floor. If having safe sex is the worst that trespassers have been doing, I am greatly relieved. Better that than graffiti, drinking, drugging, and vandalism.
Despite the virtual jungle in the back yard, this is very much an urban property. We have no illusions about it.
Sew I realized that if I am aiming for fashion I should take more fashionable pictures. I'm asking my "photographer" to help me and will try not to jump the gun and take pictures looking like an old spinster haha
Instead I will try to keep my composure, put my excitement aside, and take the time to properly represent my wardrobe
Today is sew glorious! For starters: I didn't need to take any migraine medicine. That in itself was a huge gift! Then I finished my first pencil skirt which included my first zipper in clothing and 2 darts =/. And to top it all off I destashed some fabric to make a cute cherry headband and a "sock" to hold my plastic bags... Sew for starters I will show off my long awaited pencil skirt.
Sew I was really struggling trying to figure out how to sew darts in. I couldn't do it without getting this awful bubble... I tried and tried time after time last night until 230am before i decided it would be better to just go to sleep.
I posted this picture in a forum on craftster.org and asked for help. After some help and research I got the skirt much smoother on the bottom. So I adjusted what was necessary and finished off my top hem this afternoon. Here's my finished product:
I am super in love with my new skirt! and i feel my confidence growing to keep a new wardrobe flowing
i plan on making another wrap skirt next and taking pictures step by step to make you all a tutorial
I finally got sick of the plastic grocery bags floating all over the pantry and decided﻿ to make a nice home for them...
I have been sew busy trying to make all the orders that came in for purses during the purse swap I was involved in. Slowly but surely I have filled some orders all of the same exact purse...
I was sew excited to do this particular purse because it was special order: same idea different dimensions.
Things have been pretty crazy lately and I have been trying to kick start this mini business but keeping up has proved difficult. I guess that waiting is part of ordering a made to order purse though.
in my constant need to be crafting these days i did a mini project tonight. i am way too tired to start anything big, so i decided to take a stab at sewing a yo-yo. it came out just perfectly sized for a hair clip.
i was also comparing seam from the 3 garments i have made and couldn't help but laugh... you can tell i am improving:
the one on the left is the pj shorts i made a while ago... the seams stayed together but frayed everywhere when i washed them (oops lol)
the one on the right is the skirt i made early last week ... i was getting better but still couldnt figure out how to hide the fraying
Best thing is... I can wear it at work without breaking dress code and I will still feel like myself
The hardest thing for me moving to a conservative area in Texas from good ol' SoCal was fitting in to my environment without losing who I am...
I will definitely be making another one of these skirts and will make a full tutorial for you then...
I had to iron about 3 yards of fabric. I must admit... Never in my life have I touched an iron as much as I do now that I am sewing hahah
At the point of this picture all 3 segments were sewn together and I was hemming the bottom... I added some ric-rac for detail
Here is a close-up of my seams... they are getting sew much more professional. This is called a french seam and was explained to me on one of my posts on craftster.org. I loooove that site! I dont think I could make it this far without it. Sew many people sharing ideas and knowledge.﻿
I laid out the skirt for a photo but its proved hard to get the right color... too much flash in some not enough in others... oh well. let me asure you it is fuschia
Sew FINALLY i have made a skirt! i have been wanting to make a skirt fo seeeeeeeeew long but it has intimidated me to the max! i found a super easy pattern last night and even had everything i needed to make it ASAP... so i stayed up until it was done and wore my skirt with pride today. It is an elastic waistband (still scared of zippers lol). I got the tutorial from this blog and just tweaked what was needed for my sizing. It was such an AMAZING feeling today wearing something i made..... sew here it is, my first skirt ever
Finished off a crazy work week! Soooo stressful! Hoping to finish another purse by end of the weekend...
Back to basics. I believe in the power of essential oils and eating right. These are my adventures in cooking grain free, making my own beauty products, and sewing my own clothes.
I joined the N Gauge Forum over the weekend (it is here if you haven't found it) and found my way to a diorama challenge (here). Now my local model railway club has as one of its sections in its Annual Model Making Competition a Diorama section which is limited in size (which tends to cause issues for 7mm modellers who can't get anything in and for some 2mm modellers who think they should fill the space, although I have it on good authority it is a maximum size limit, not a minimum one) and which for a variety of reasons isn't frequently contested. I had a go a couple of years ago and along with the other entry was fouled out by the 7mm modeller judge (both entries being N and he didn't like them apparently!). Since I am banned from 3 sections this year (on account of winning them last year - see here for details - I thought I might as well kill two birds with one stone and use the same entry for both.
I came home from work early today owing to a massive headache - not sure if it is what my daughter has been home from school for 2 days with or something else - but after a siesta and some drugs (caffeine mostly!) I found myself a 4x6 photo frame and nicked the bit of hardboard which was in it (something to replace later no doubt!) and made a start. The photos were all taken today and show progress.
Because I don't like straight lines, I put my track across the board on the angle. The sleepers are actually 2mm ones which I got from the bloke who I call "The Dealer" as he was the one who sent me my first 2mm "hit"
My preferred method of putting down these types of sleepers is to use Amity's wide double sided tape. This then means, with some thin DS tape next to the sleepers ballasting is simple. The surrounding dirt is washed out sand from a road graded down to get it as fine as possible on neat PVA glue.
Leaving space for the chosen building (my scratch built cattle dock - see here and here for the more interesting parts of the story) the green was added after some Woodland Scenic brown. I left the ruts from the cattle lorries backing up to the dock visible - not sure if this would be true in the UK but certainly would be here - assuming the grass was that green!
Cattle dock in place - it isn't fully glued down, just a little bit so it doesn't fall off. It is, after all, destined for Swallow's End (which will progress, dear reader, when I sus the TOUs!)
Rails added, along with the fence and some future customers of the facilities watching over the fence. Still to do some weathering of the track - I don't think it would have stayed that clean for long after building and I don't know it would have been replaced to such a neat standard either! There is still some things to do on the dock itself - tap, water trough etc and I am considering a light. Either way, quite pleased with the afternoons effort.
Victorian Railways ZL kit update - For those wanting a ZL kit there is a delay as Peco stopped making their NR112B underframe that was used to complete it. Consequently, I have re-evaluated...
Pathfinder Project - It’s not often that I post to the digressions area, mainly because I try to focus on the modelling but also there is personal aspect to the digressions a...
Another Deadline Approaches - 'Freshwater' will be on show again next Saturday, 14th April 2018. It will be the first 2mmFS layout to be invited to the East Surrey N Gauge Show at St Jo...
N Scale Tait Cars Part 2 - Had a bit of time off on the school holidays and have finished the Brimbank Models Tait car set I'm been working on since April! I'm really happy with the ...
Highclere - The layout that never was? - Hello. Apologies for doing this at this time of the year, it has once again been on my mind now for a while and I wanted to open it upto friends to try an...
LNWR D26 Special Cattle Van - Prior to Christmas, I was given the opportunity to buy-in on some 2mmFS limited-run wagon etches. They were of LNWR origin, but as I’m always on the look...
building muscle in your 40s | best way for over 50 to lose weight | lose belly fat women | difficulty losing weight after 40
If you really want the water you drink to help you lose weight, you should follow the “8x8” rule recommended by most nutritionists: Drink eight eight-ounce glasses of water per day for weight loss and to maintain an ideal weight. You might need to drink more water if you exercise a lot or sweat heavily, or less water if you drink other beverages like herbal tea (make sure they are decaffeinated).
Specific forms of violence that affect women include female genital mutilation, sex trafficking, forced prostitution, forced marriage, rape, sexual harassment, honor killings, acid throwing, and dowry related violence. Governments can be complicit in violence against women, for instance through practices such as stoning (as punishment for adultery).
OK, we’re totally cheating here. Hint Water isn’t carbonated, cola-flavored or sold in 64-ounce Big Gulps. But these new flavored bottled waters do have 60 milligrams of caffeine, derived from coffee beans. That’s more than you’ll find in Diet Dr. Pepper (41 mg), Diet Coke (47 mg) or even Mountain Dew (54 mg). So you get all of the pop, with none of the calories—and each flavor is sweetened not with aspartame, but with fruit juice or spice. Try the Lemon Cayenne Hint Kick (and don’t overdo it, since caffeine can dehydrate you), and you’ll never go back to Diet Coke again.
An increase in fiber intake is also recommended for regulating bowel movements. Other methods of weight loss include use of drugs and supplements that decrease appetite, block fat absorption, or reduce stomach volume. Bariatric surgery may be indicated in cases of severe obesity. Two common bariatric surgical procedures are gastric bypass and gastric banding.[12] Both can be effective at limiting the intake of food energy by reducing the size of the stomach, but as with any surgical procedure both come with their own risks[13] that should be considered in consultation with a physician. Dietary supplements, though widely used, are not considered a healthy option for weight loss.[14] Many are available, but very few are effective in the long term.[15]
The contents of this website are for educational purposes and are not intended to offer personal medical advice. You should seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this website. The Nutrition Source does not recommend or endorse any products.
Close the Kitchen at Night. Establish a time when you will stop eating so you won't give in to the late-night munchies or mindless snacking while watching television. "Have a cup of tea, suck on a piece of hard candy or enjoy a small bowl of light ice cream or frozen yogurt if you want something sweet after dinner, but then brush your teeth so you will be less likely to eat or drink anything else," suggests Elaine Magee, MPH, RD, WebMD's "Recipe Doctor" and the author of Comfort Food Makeovers.
There are several ways of measuring your ideal body weight. One of the most popular methods to gauge whether or not you are overweight is the body mass index (BMI). The BMI uses a mathematical formula that measures both a person's height and weight in determining obesity. To calculate your BMI, multiply your weight by 703, and divide the answer by your height in inches. Divide this figure by your height again.
It’s easy to see the front of a package and get lured in by misleading claims, particularly those that say they’re “free-from” something, says Taub-Dix. She points out that gluten-free foods may also be high in sugar, salt, calories, and fat and contain less fiber—and thus be weight-promoting. Reading the nutrition label will give you the real truth for what you’re buying.
Whether or not a child is considered female does not always determine whether or not the child later will identify themselves that way (see gender identity). For instance, intersex individuals, who have mixed physical and/or genetic features, may use other criteria in making a clear determination. At birth, babies may be assigned a gender based on their genitalia. In some cases, even if a child had XX chromosomes, if they were born with a penis, they were raised as a male.[26] There are also trans women who were assigned as male at birth, but identify as women;[27] there are varying social, legal, and individual definitions with regard to these issues.[citation needed]
Flailing in the swell of bestselling diet books, infomercials for cleanses, and secret tips in glossy magazines, is the credibility of nutrition science. Watching thoroughly-credentialed medical experts tout the addition or subtraction of one nutrient as deliverance—only to change the channel and hear someone equally-thoroughly-credentialed touting the opposite—it can be tempting to write off nutrition advice altogether. This month we hear something is good, and next we almost expect to hear it’s bad. Why not assume the latest research will all eventually be nullified, and just close our eyes and eat whatever tastes best?
Appetite-suppressant drugs and other diet pills:"Wonder" products that permanently reduce weight do not exist. Products that promise immediate or effortless weight loss will not work in the long run. Appetite suppressants, which often contain a stimulant like caffeine or hoodia, are associated with side effects including nausea, nasal dryness, anxiety, agitation, dizziness, insomnia and elevated blood pressure. Alli reduces fat absorption; following the package directions will reduce risk of side effects, which may include oily diarrhea and anal discharge. With any product, side effects may be worse if you exceed the recommended dosage.
Loads of research demonstrates people who log everything they eat — especially those who log while they're eating — are more likely to lose weight and keep it off for the long-haul. Start tracking on an app like MyFitnessPal when the pounds start sneaking up on you. It'll help you stay accountable for what you've eaten. Plus, you can easily identify some other areas of your daily eats that could use a little improvement when it's written out in front of you.
B vitamins bring the boost to your exercise routine every time. This drink is ideal for downing before a trip to the gym. Ladies can get ripped with this energizing supplement. The sparkling water core is invigorating and crisp. A bunch of fiber is provided to clear out the digestive tract. Antioxidants show up by the millions to decimate poisons and errant chemicals. All that survives are biological agents of health and beauty. Don’t you wish that everything this tasty was equally easy on the conscience?
In a recent Eat This, Not That! taste test, we rounded up all of the light beers we could find that ranked among the top 20 most purchased beers in America. we managed to track down all but Busch Light and Michelob Ultra and filled in the rest of the list with light beers we felt would be missed if they weren’t included. You know, the household names that don’t have the really big advertising bucks behind them. We ended up with a solid list of 13 brews. Of the 13, Sam Adams Light ranked numero uno. It was lauded for its discernable nutty flavor and relatively full body. One tester even noted that it “tasted like something I might find in a nice beer garden!” To find out which other tasty beers topped our list, check out the full report on the Best Light Beers in America.
Switch to Lighter Alternatives. Whenever you can, use the low-fat versions of salad dressings, mayonnaise, dairy products, and other products. "You can trim calories effortlessly if you use low-fat and lighter products, and if the product is mixed in with other ingredients, no one will ever notice," says Magee. More smart substitutions: Use salsa or hummus as a dip; spread sandwiches with mustard instead of mayo; eat plain roasted sweet potatoes instead of loaded white potatoes; use skim milk instead of cream in your coffee; hold the cheese on sandwiches; and use a little vinaigrette on your salad instead of piling on the creamy dressing.
Although fewer females than males are born (the ratio is around 1:1.05), because of a longer life expectancy there are only 81 men aged 60 or over for every 100 women of the same age. Women typically have a longer life expectancy than men.[28] This is due to a combination of factors: genetics (redundant and varied genes present on sex chromosomes in women); sociology (such as the fact that women are not expected in most modern nations to perform military service); health-impacting choices (such as suicide or the use of cigarettes, and alcohol); the presence of the female hormone estrogen, which has a cardioprotective effect in premenopausal women; and the effect of high levels of androgens in men. Out of the total human population in 2015, there were 101.8 men for every 100 women.[29]
Diet fads are a dime a dozen and there’s always a hot new one around the corner with promises of trim waistlines and a cure for whatever ails you. Yet the reality is that there are so many diet plans out there because, well, most of them don’t work. Some offer quick fixes and dramatic weight loss, sure, but often lack sustainability — or worse, might come with health risks.
How it works: The IIFYM diet lets you eat anything you want and you’ll lose weight as long as you meet your prescribed daily set of macronutrients (carbs, proteins and fats). Calculate your personal macros by figuring out your total daily expenditure, then how many calories you should eat per day to lose weight. From there, you’ll divide the calories into the percentage of calories that should come from fat (20 percent), protein (40 percent) and carbohydrates (40 percent).
Jump up ^ Used in Middle English from c. 1300, meaning 'a child of either sex, a young person'. Its derivation is uncertain, perhaps from an Old English word which has not survived: another theory is that it developed from Old English 'gyrela', meaning 'dress, apparel': or was a diminutive form of a borrowing from another West Germanic Language. (Middle Low German has Gör, Göre, meaning 'girl or small child'.) "girl, n.". OED Online. September 2013. Oxford University Press. 13 September 2013
Get rid of that midsection in a jiffy by chugging down the best detox water ever put in a jar. By relying steadfastly on this brew, a tight little waist is just around the corner. The cucumber core creates residual moisture levels that add to the overall hydration capacity. It also aids in healthy pigment and glowing skin. On top of these benefits, the basil intrinsically curbs human appetites. It also lowers struggles with fluid retention. Finally, strawberries speed up digestion and add seductive sweetness levels. Remember, this beverage should be consumed extremely icy. The cold water burns more calories!
When people ask me about Bukowski, I usually say, just try reading some. There is no one quite like him. The first time I read him, as a college student in the sixties, I was astonished that anyone so depraved could be so literate. As down-and-out as Jim Thompson, but with more booze and explicit, matter-of-fact sex. But for Bukowski, it's not so much about the sex as about the relationships (mostly unsatisfactory), and about the hard vicissitudes in the life of a marginally celebrated author and poet. Above all, Bukowski is funny.
If it can get Jennifer Aniston her amazing abs, arms, butt, well then, we're going to take it into consideration. On the low carb plan, you eat low-fat protein, non-starchy vegetables, small amounts of fruit, and a bit of healthy fat (like olive oil). In a 2014 meta-analysis that pitted The Zone diet against Weight Watchers, Atkins, and South Beach, researchers found The Zone is good for modest, long-term weight loss. After a year, dieters dropped 3.5 to 7 pounds. Not bad, but it may be disappointing if you have more to lose.
All impurities must beware of Sassy Water. This classy concoction gets its name from a uniquely snappy flavor. Cucumbers instill maximum levels of hydration, and lemon smoothes out the digestive lining to speed up internal food processing. Ultimately, this leads to a flatter belly alongside the promotion of kinetic energy. By allowing all of the ingredients to settle together overnight, a stellar natural cleanse is born. Mint leaves are included to keep it cool and fresh with a seriously tantalizing tingle. A dash of peppery ginger can also be swirled into the mix to bolster its purifying powers. Bon appetite!
A commonly overlooked obstacle to eating better (and losing weight) is sleep. While sleep needs vary, according to the National Sleep Foundation, adults require seven to nine hours a night. Unfortunately, two-thirds of people report experiencing sleep problems at least a few nights a week, with women more prone to sleep problems than men. A review study that looked at 36 studies on sleep and weight gain found short sleep duration was independently linked to weight gain. Studies show the fewer minutes you spend asleep, the more likely you are to feel hungrier and make poor food choices the next day. Make sure you’re getting enough Zzzzs to reap the rewards of your weight loss efforts.
How it works: By eating foods that haven’t been processed, cooked, genetically engineered or exposed to herbicides, your body will be at its healthiest because you’re optimizing your intake of nutrients and natural enzymes. The claim is that cooking kills most nutrients and enzymes in food, although there is scant scientific evidence that backs this up. The raw food diet can also be effective for weight loss since fruits and vegetables are low in calories.
In the first study, one group of people drastically reduced their intake of carbohydrates, while the other slashed fat intake. But aside from that, the entire study group followed, by and large, the same advice. Everyone was told to limit added sugars, refined flours and trans fats, while eating more vegetables and nutrient-dense foods. They also got identical guidance about healthy lifestyle habits, like sitting down to eat and cooking at home.
The ultimate point of this diet review, which is framed like a tournament, is that there is no winner. More than that, antagonistic talk in pursuit of marketing a certain diet, emphasizing mutual exclusivity—similar to arguments against bipartisan political rhetoric—is damaging to the entire system and conversation. Exaggerated emphasis on a single nutrient or food is inadvisable. The result, Katz and Meller write, is a mire of perpetual confusion and doubt. Public health could benefit on a grand scale from a unified front in health media: Endorsement of the basic theme of what we do know to be healthful eating and candid acknowledgement of the many details we do not know.
Who could argue with a diet that emphasizes foods like beans, berries, whole grains, greens, nuts, seeds, and potatoes? Those foods are all good fiber-filled picks. The hunger-taming nutrient is a super star for filing you up, so you naturally eat less throughout the day. Not to mention that, when researchers asked people to make just one change to their diet—add more fiber—they were almost four pounds skinnier after a year compared to those following the American Heart Association dietary guidelines. Aim for at least 30 grams a day and you'll be on the right track.
White tea is dried naturally, often in sunlight, making it the least processed and richest source of antioxidants among teas (as much as three times as many polyphenols as green tea!). A study published in the journal Nutrition and Metabolism showed that white tea can simultaneously boost lipolysis (the breakdown of fat) and block adipogenesis (the formation of fat cells) due to high levels of ingredients thought to be active on human fat cells. If there’s such a thing as diet tea, this is it. And keep your waistline toned and tight—in record time—with these essential 29 Best-Ever Proteins for Rapid Weight Loss.
“There are many diet plans on the market today that promote good health,” says Emily Kyle, RDN, who is in private practice in Rochester, New York. “The key is finding one that does not cause you stress or agony.” Ask yourself questions such as: Would the diet guidelines make you happy? Anxious? Stressed? Are you able to follow them long term? “Factors such as enjoyment, flexibility, and longevity should be strongly considered,” adds Kyle.
Watermelon detox water is a modern amenity that everyone should at least get to try once. There is no effort involved in this rapturous drink, and it yields a bounty of relaxation. Melons are great for cleaning out the bladder, and mint quells the woes of an upset tummy. Moms love giving this detox beverage to kids, and it is a great way to eliminate artificial fruit juices from the household diet. With this kind of water, every glass is unique. With an active curiosity, any kitchen can become a haven for alchemy. Prepare to turn H2O into liquid gold.
Ranging from just-juice to just-tea cleanses, these typically short-term plans can be dangerous. “Detoxes and cleanses are usually low in calories, protein, and fiber, all nutrients that our bodies need to function,” says Alissa Rumsey, RD, who is in private practice in New York City. “These plans leave you feeling hungry and cranky, causing a rebound food binge once you stop the detox.”
Jump up ^ In England and Wales, marital rape was made illegal in 1991. The views of Sir Matthew Hale, a 17th-century jurist, published in The History of the Pleas of the Crown (1736), stated that a husband cannot be guilty of the rape of his wife because the wife "hath given up herself in this kind to her husband, which she cannot retract"; in England and Wales this would remain law for more than 250 years, until it was abolished by the Appellate Committee of the House of Lords, in the case of R v R in 1991.
You already know that a perfect diet doesn't exist, but many of us still can't resist the urge to kick ourselves when we indulge, eat too much, or get thrown off course from restrictive diets. The problem: This only makes it more difficult, stressful, and downright impossible to lose weight. So rather than beating yourself up for eating foods you think you shouldn't, let it go. Treating yourself to about 200 calories worth of deliciousness each day — something that feels indulgent to you — can help you stay on track for the long-haul, so allow yourself to eat, breathe, and indulge. Food should be joyful, not agonizing!
Drinking a combination of carbohydrates and protein after a hard workout can help restore your energy and aid in building lean, metabolism-boosting muscle, but it turns out that you don’t need a fancy recovery beverage to reap these benefits. After participating in a vigorous cycling session, cyclists who drank chocolate milk were able to ride 51 percent longer in a subsequent workout than those who drank a standard recovery beverage, a 2009 article in Applied Physiology, Nutrition, and Metabolism found. Plus, chocolate milk is cheaper (and tastier) than anything you’ll find in a sports nutrition store.
When you are feeling well, and have not been ordered by a physician to restrict your diet for any medical reason, you should aim to make food and beverage choices that align with the current Dietary Guidelines for Americans. The number of servings for each food group will vary based on your individual energy needs. The general ranges of daily servings for most adults (based on a 1,600-2,200 calorie diet) are:
When regular brewed coffee is chilled and stored, two things happen: First, it begins to lose whatever nuance of taste it once possessed; second, it starts losing the polyphenols that give coffee its health benefits. The best iced coffee is cold brewed; it takes more time to make so it will be more expensive, but you’ll taste the difference. Most notably it will be less bitter, which means you can get away with adding less sugar. And less sugar = fewer calories. And start your morning 5 pounds lighter with these perfect 50 Best Breakfast Foods for Weight Loss—Ranked.
Intentional weight loss is the loss of total body mass as a result of efforts to improve fitness and health, or to change appearance through slimming. Weight loss in individuals who are overweight or obese can reduce health risks,[1] increase fitness,[2] and may delay the onset of diabetes.[1] It could reduce pain and increase movement in people with osteoarthritis of the knee.[2] Weight loss can lead to a reduction in hypertension (high blood pressure), however whether this reduces hypertension-related harm is unclear.[1][not in citation given]
Food for thought: While it’s debatable that this diet is comprised of foods even remotely similar to what our ancestors ate, cutting sugar and processed foods is never a bad thing, experts agree. However, some experts criticize the diet for being nutritionally incomplete by unnecessarily eliminating dairy, legumes and whole grains, which provide essential nutrients.
Treat your taste buds to a fruit-filled rainbow. Cavalcades of sweet natural treats are infused in this energetic ensemble. The primary ingredient emphasizes a foursome of the following fruits: apples, lemons, oranges and pears. All of them are divided up equally, and the collective is subsequently balanced with an equal amount of strawberries. Alongside a bunch of raspberries and mint leaves, this will be the most satisfying glass of strawberry detox water that you have ever tried. Your goblet would be privileged to contain such a luxuriously satisfying libation. This aromatic water represents the raw juice cleanse of womankind’s future!
The goal? Reverse (or prevent) heart disease. Nutrition of course plays a huge role in a healthy ticker, and Dr. Ornish's plan keeps you focused on eating the super healthy stuff: fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, soy, nonfat dairy, egg whites, and omega 3s. The challenge is no meat, poultry, or fish or caffeine (so it can be hard to follow), but you can eat unlimited calories if you're doing it for health rather than weight loss. Not only is it ranked a top plant-based and heart-healthy diet by U.S. News & World Report, but research shows people on the diet had healthier cholesterol levels and they lost about seven pounds after a year.
"These diets are so restrictive that of course you're going to lose weight fast because you're not eating enough calories to sustain basic activities of your body, let alone any exercise. That's nothing that any person can sustain for the long term," Hogan said. "The weight's going to come back if you do lose any weight, and then it's going to be harder to lose weight in the future."
While it likely took more than a week to gain unwanted fat, most people wish they could lose it quicker than it came on. “When it comes to losing weight, simply cutting back on your portion sizes could be the most underrated way to drop pounds. However, if you’re already eating less (and exercising more) and are still stuck, there are little tricks of the trade that can help jumpstart your efforts,” Ansel says.
“If you are looking to speed up weight loss, adding 30 minutes of cardio three times per week will certainly help burn calories and body fat,” says Amie Hoff, Certified Fitness Professional in New York City. Short on time? Hoff suggests a HIIT (High Intensity Interval Training) workout. “The idea is to push your body hard for a short burst with a period of recovery. I like to have people start with a 10 to 15 second sprint (run, bike, jump rope, run stairs or anything that gets your heart rate up) and then back off for 30 seconds to recover. As you get stronger, you will increase the sprint time and decrease the recovery period. A 15 minute HIIT session can be equivalent to a regular 30 minute cardio workout.”
Women have, throughout history, made contributions to science, literature and art. One area where women have been permitted most access historically was that of obstetrics and gynecology (prior to the 18th century, caring for pregnant women in Europe was undertaken by women; from the mid 18th century onwards medical monitoring of pregnant women started to require rigorous formal education, to which women did not generally have access, therefore the practice was largely transferred to men).[95][96]
can you lose weight after 40 | weight loss after 30 | over 40 diet and fitness | ways for women to lose weight
Listen up: Skipping meals will not make you lose weight faster. If a hectic day makes a sit-down meal impossible, stash an energy bar or a piece of fruit in your car or tote, keep snacks in your office desk drawer, and make a point of getting up to grab a nosh — anything that will keep you from going hungry! Going long periods of time without food does double-duty harm on our healthy eating efforts by both slowing down your metabolism, and priming you for another binge later in the day. (Think: You've skipped breakfast and lunch, so you're ready to takedown a whole turkey by dinner!) Make it your mission to eat three meals and two snacks every day, and don't wait longer than three to four hours without eating. Set a "snack alarm" on your phone if needed.
Food for thought: Moskovitz considers Volumetrics one of the best options for weight loss. The diet plan teaches you the caloric value of foods without the need to track everything you eat. It’s not disruptive to your lifestyle either. Simply choose low-calorie foods that fill you up. Volumetrics is also a great option for weight maintenance, she says.
There are various words used to refer to the quality of being a woman. The term "womanhood" merely means the state of being a woman, having passed the menarche; "femininity" is used to refer to a set of typical female qualities associated with a certain attitude to gender roles; "womanliness" is like "femininity", but is usually associated with a different view of gender roles; "femaleness" is a general term, but is often used as shorthand for "human femaleness"; "distaff" is an archaic adjective derived from women's conventional role as a spinner, now used only as a deliberate archaism; "muliebrity" is a neologism (derived from the Latin) meant to provide a female counterpart of "virility", but used very loosely, sometimes to mean merely "womanhood", sometimes "femininity" and sometimes even as a collective term for women.[citation needed]
They also found carbohydrate-selective diets to be better than categorically low-carbohydrate diets, in that incorporating whole grains is associated with lower risks for cancers and better control of body weight. Attention to glycemic load and index is "sensible at the least." Eating foods that have high glycemic loads (which Katz says is much more relevant to health outcomes than glycemic index—in that some quality foods like carrots have very high indices, which could be misleading) is associated with greater risk of heart disease.
Those who have achieved successful weight loss report making substantial changes in eating and exercise habits in order to lose weight and maintain their losses. On average, registrants report consuming about 1400 kcal/day (24 percent calories from fat) and burning about 400 kcal/day through physical exercise. Walking is the most frequently cited physical activity.
Continuing weight loss may deteriorate into wasting, a vaguely defined condition called cachexia.[30] Cachexia differs from starvation in part because it involves a systemic inflammatory response.[30] It is associated with poorer outcomes.[25][30][31] In the advanced stages of progressive disease, metabolism can change so that they lose weight even when they are getting what is normally regarded as adequate nutrition and the body cannot compensate. This leads to a condition called anorexia cachexia syndrome (ACS) and additional nutrition or supplementation is unlikely to help.[27] Symptoms of weight loss from ACS include severe weight loss from muscle rather than body fat, loss of appetite and feeling full after eating small amounts, nausea, anemia, weakness and fatigue.[27]
Most girls go through menarche and are then able to become pregnant and bear children. This generally requires internal fertilization of her eggs with the sperm of a man through sexual intercourse, though artificial insemination or the surgical implantation of an existing embryo is also possible (see reproductive technology). The study of female reproduction and reproductive organs is called gynaecology.[34]
Petey’s Bing Beverage serves up an extra boost of energy from taurine (1000mg), an amino acid you’ll find in many of the sporty energy drinks due to its ability to improve athletic performance. A recent study in the Journal of Cardiology found participants who supplemented with 500 mg of taurine three times daily for two weeks, were able to significantly increase exercise distance. In addition to the 1000mg taurine, you’ll get a healthy dose of polyphenols from the bing cherries, which research suggests can reduce inflammation and improve cardiovascular health. A month-long clinical trial published in the Journal of Nutrition saw a 21 percent reduction in inflammation markers among men and women who supplemented their diets with bing cherries. (By the way, taurine is probably fine in small doses, but chug too much and the picture becomes less clear.)
Menarche, the onset of menstruation, occurs on average at age 12-13. Many cultures have rites of passage to symbolize a girl's coming of age, such as confirmation in some branches of Christianity,[11] bat mitzvah in Judaism, or even just the custom of a special celebration for a certain birthday (generally between 12 and 21), like the quinceañera of Latin America.
To be fair, I know that this dismissive behavior isn't entirely doctors' fault. They have way too many patients, very little time to spend with them, and they've probably been annoyed by a litany of hypochondriacs over the years. Still, I don't appreciate hearing "you're fine" when I'm not. Hell, tell me I'm insane and making up my pain, I'll take it. But the "it's nothing. On a side note, lose weight" doctor visit gets really old.
But when you cut through the headlines, marketing campaigns and studies, he says, you’ll find that most experts agree on a few fundamentals of nutrition: that vegetables, fruits, whole grains, beans, lentils, nuts, seeds and plain water should make up the majority of what people eat and drink. If there is such a thing as a “best” diet, he says, that’s it.
This one is a proactive wonder! The watermelon core assists the fundamental roles of both the liver and kidneys. This allows them to dispel critical poisons like ammonia. In a similar fashion, the lemons and limes play a formidable role in encouraging healthy intestinal bile interactions. Cucumbers bring nourishment to a new level, and their nutrients are excellent for procuring an aesthetic frame and complexion. Guys will definitely start to notice when a lady switches to this quenching recipe. By providing energy to a woman’s inner core, this drink truly activates alchemy in action. Just one cup a day equals massive sex appeal.
Sodas, as most of the MyFitnessPal community knows, are liquid sugar. They do little to satiate hunger. But that’s also true of many other beverages, including energy drinks, iced lattes, bottled green teas, smoothies, sports drinks, alcoholic beverages, sweetened teas and, yes, even those fresh-pressed organic juices from your local juice bar. Most of these contain a lot of sugar and very little fiber to help keep you full. A few hundred calories per day can add up quickly, as many people fail to factor liquid calories into their daily intake.
When you’re trying to lose weight, it’s easy to see all the food opportunities that pop up around you—like those donuts or cookies at work. When those cookies show up, tell yourself you hold the power and you’re making a choice. Say, “I’m choosing not to have those because I’m choosing something I enjoy more,” Cederquist recommends. This is where the promise of your treat meal comes in—when you focus on that, you can ignore the so-so food opportunities coming your way.
Real talk: It could take weeks or months to see the metabolic effects of exercise on the scale, and even then, building muscle, which is denser than body fat, could lead to weight gain. “Do what you like because it’s good for you,” Dr. Seltzer says, noting the way exercise is awesome for your heart, mental health, and more—and that not all measure of progress can be seen on the scale.
There's no one set anti-inflammation diet, but for some experts that means eating mostly plant-based and for others it's focusing on whole foods. For Mark Mincolla, Ph.D., author of The Whole Health Diet, that means eating foods that keep insulin in check. Insulin is an inflammatory hormone that encourages the body to store calories rather than burn them, and can lead to weight gain and type 2 diabetes. He suggests following a diet of lean protein, low-starch veggies (like broccoli) and healthy monounsaturated fats (like avocado) to limit the amount you've got hanging around.
In what is perhaps the biggest buzzkill of all time, sex doesn’t quite count as cardio or burn a significant amount of calories: Women burn about 3.6 per minute. “It’s still a good idea,” Dr. Seltzer says, citing the activity’s other benefits, like increasing the output of the neurotransmitters serotonin and dopamine, which naturally reduce food cravings.
how to boost metabolism after 40 | exercise after 40 to boost metabolism | losing belly fat after 50 | after 40 womenrkout
The best low-cal diet plan isn't a diet so much as it is a method. CICO stands for "calories in, calories out" and is based on the mathematically sensible principle that as long as you're burning more calories than you're eating, you'll lose weight. All you need to get started is a way to track your calories—there are plenty of apps on the market although a pen and paper works great too—and a food scale to keep you honest about your portion sizes. (Also read this guide on how to safely cut calories to lose weight.) People love the simplicity and straightforwardness of the plan. And while it may not be the fastest way to lose weight, you're guaranteed to have success long term. (Just know that some weight-loss experts actually don't recommend calorie counting.)
Build muscle. Muscle burns more calories than fat. So adding strength training to your exercise routine can help you reach your weight loss goals as well as give you a toned bod. And weights are not the only way to go: Try resistance bands, pilates, or push-ups to get strong. A good, well-balanced fitness routine includes aerobic workouts, strength training, and flexibility exercises.
Eat More Produce. Eating lots of low-calorie, high-volume fruits and vegetables crowds out other foods that are higher in fat and calories. Move the meat off the center of your plate and pile on the vegetables. Or try starting lunch or dinner with a vegetable salad or bowl of broth-based soup, suggests Barbara Rolls, PhD, author of The Volumetrics Eating Plan. The U.S. government's 2005 Dietary Guidelines suggest that adults get 7-13 cups of produce daily. Ward says that's not really so difficult: "Stock your kitchen with plenty of fruits and vegetables and at every meal and snack, include a few servings," she says. "Your diet will be enriched with vitamins, minerals, phytonutrients, fiber, and if you fill up on super-nutritious produce, you won't be reaching for the cookie jar."
Alcohol is where things can get tricky, as calories, fat, sugar and carbohydrates aren’t required to be listed on labels. With 7 calories per gram of alcohol — it’s the second most concentrated source of calories, more than both carbohydrates and fat. It’s also absorbed directly into the bloodstream, meaning your body doesn’t burn extra calories in order to process and break it down.
Every time you chug a bottle of soda, you get hundreds of empty calories. Switching to diet soft drinks is an obvious way to cut calories, but the research is mixed on whether this switch leads to weight loss. Some studies show a short-term benefit. Others find diet soda drinkers gain weight. If you eat or drink more calories than you burn, just switching to diet soda may not do the trick.
When you feel that mid-afternoon energy lull take hold, you may want to reach for something sugary in hopes of a pick-me-up. Instead, Wright recommends sipping a green tea, which contains antioxidants that may increase fat burning and quells hunger. She also says that if you’re taking omega 3 supplements, now is the perfect time to do it. “They’re fat, so along with the tea, they’ll help tide you over until dinner,” she says.
Be choosy about carbs. You can decide which ones you eat, and how much. Look for those that are low on the glycemic index (for instance, asparagus is lower on the glycemic index than a potato) or lower in carbs per serving than others. Whole grains are better choices than processed items, because processing removes key nutrients such as fiber, iron, and B vitamins. They may be added back, such as in “enriched” bread.
There are various words used to refer to the quality of being a woman. The term "womanhood" merely means the state of being a woman, having passed the menarche; "femininity" is used to refer to a set of typical female qualities associated with a certain attitude to gender roles; "womanliness" is like "femininity", but is usually associated with a different view of gender roles; "femaleness" is a general term, but is often used as shorthand for "human femaleness"; "distaff" is an archaic adjective derived from women's conventional role as a spinner, now used only as a deliberate archaism; "muliebrity" is a neologism (derived from the Latin) meant to provide a female counterpart of "virility", but used very loosely, sometimes to mean merely "womanhood", sometimes "femininity" and sometimes even as a collective term for women.[citation needed]
The high-fat, low-carb ketogenic diet isn't just touted as a way to help you lose weight; research has also shown that it may be an effective tool for keeping your mental health in check. Laboratory rats fed ketogenic diets — which consist of lots of fish, natural fats, plenty of vegetables, and very few starchy, high-carbohydrate foods — showed improvements in their depression, anxiety, and ADHD.
You hear the term glycemic index thrown around, but what does it really mean? Whether a food ranks high or low on the scale depends on how it affects your blood sugar. High GI foods (muffins, crackers, cookies) spike your blood sugar and can bring on cravings and hunger. Low GI foods (non-starchy veggies, meats) keep blood sugar stable. In a new study, scientists discovered that eating higher GI foods was associated with weight gain over a 16-year span. That doesn't mean carbs are out, though—just choose lower-GI ones like beans, lentils, and brown rice more often than not.
Meet Amanda Septimo, the 27-year-old South Bronx native running for State Assembly in the poorest congressional district in the US. Her run for office is nothing if not personal, inspired not by years of political neglect and failed legislation in her community. At a moment where the progressive party has the spotlight in New York City, Amanda is hoping that the systemic poverty plaguing her district becomes part of the outrage.
Instead of doing a detox or cleanse in the hopes of resetting your GI system (and speeding up weight loss), boost your gut health naturally with fiber-filled foods. “Fiber is a carbohydrate found in fruits, vegetables and whole grains, but unlike other forms of carbohydrates, it is harder to digest. As it passes through your digestive system, it stimulates the receptors that tell your brain you’re full. People who consume more fiber tend to have healthier body weights,” says Gueron. If you’re looking for more specific fiber-filled foods to reboot your gut, eat the three P’s: prunes, pulses, and pears. Prunes help maintain good digestive health and can positively affect the bacteria living in the gut. Pulses, which include lentils, beans, and peas, improve gut health by strengthening the gut barrier. And pears contain prebiotic fiber, which help promote intestinal health by providing food for beneficial probiotic bacteria.
There is a common misconception that women have still not advanced in achieving academic degrees. According to Margaret Rossiter, a historian of science, women now earn 54 percent of all bachelor's degrees in the United States. However, although there are more women holding bachelor's degrees than men, as the level of education increases, the more men tend to fit the statistics[clarification needed] instead of women. At the graduate level, women fill 40 percent of the doctorate degrees (31 percent of them being in engineering).[88]
Also known as branch chain amino acids. BCAAs are three amino acids known as Leucine, Valine and Iso-Leucine. They help prevent muscle breakdown and can be bought as yummy flavoured powders to use in place as sports drinks. Drink them during your workout instead of water as they will help you tone up as you lose that belly and may even help in the formation of abdominal muscle.
LoseWeightByEating.com is committed to providing information on natural and alternative health, but is not written by health care professionals. All material provided at LoseWeightByEating.com is for informational purposes only, and is not to be taken as medical advice or recommendation. Any health concern or condition should be addressed by a doctor or other appropriate health care professional. The information and opinions found on this website are written based on the best data available at the time of writing, and are believed to be accurate according to the best discernment of the authors. Those who do not seek council from the appropriate health care authority assume the liability of any injury which may occur. Additionally, the opinions expressed at LoseWeightByEating.com do not represent the views of each and every author or contributor to LoseWeightByEating.com. The publisher of this site is not responsible for any errors or omissions in any content herein.
Just because Katz is not one to abandon his scientific compass under duress of passion does not mean he is without passion, or unmoved by it in his own ways. The subjects of media headlines and popular diet books are dark places for Katz. "It’s not just linguistic, I really at times feel like crying, when I think about that we’re paying for ignorance with human lives," he told me. "At times, I hate the people with alphabet soup after their names who are promising the moon and the stars with certainty. I hate knowing that the next person is already rubbing his or her hands together with the next fad to make it on the bestseller list."
Although healthy weight loss is a confusing topic to many, the reality behind the whole process lies with what you are feeding on. If you consume the above drinks regularly, you will not only be enjoying their refreshment and flavor, but you will do so without having to worry about consuming additional calories. These drinks will boost your metabolic rate for improved weight loss. Give these homemade weight loss drinks a try, and you will experience safe and healthy weight loss.
It is time to give your detox drink a twist of tea. The ancient Chinese tea leaves are one of the planets leading sources of antioxidants, so they are sure to flush all poisons from the system right away. The plant also provides decent doses of caffeine, which makes it a great utility before working out. Many dieters consider this to be the best weight loss alternative available, especially when compared to coffee. All it takes to assemble a cup of this decadent hydration is strawberries, lemons, cucumbers, honey and a single bag of green tea. Welcome to detoxification nirvana!
Your New Year's resolution diet should be based on a well-balanced eating plan that fits your lifestyle, rather than a weird fad replete with food restrictions. That's according to U.S. News & World Report's best diet rankings for 2018. The two diets that tied for the top spot -- the Mediterranean Diet and the DASH Diet -- fit that bill because they feature real food and reasonable, flexible guidelines, experts said.
Don't banish certain foods. Don't tell yourself you'll never again eat your absolutely favorite peanut butter chocolate ice cream. Making all treats forbidden is sure to make you want them even more. The key to long-term success is making healthy choices most of the time. If you want a piece of cake at a party, go for it! But munch on the carrots rather than the chips to balance it out.
From celebrity-endorsed to science-backed, finding the best diet for your body and lifestyle can be an exercise in frustration—definitely not the kind of exercise you need right now! To make your search easier, we've pulled together the 10 most popular diets based on which ones have consistently ranked highest on the annual U.S. News & World Report rankings, WebMD, and other current diet lists. Just know this: It's not about finding out which diet is the most popular overall but which one fits your goals and lifestyle the best. After all, the best diet for you is the one you can stick with (and enjoy)!
If you are asking how to know if you should get a divorce or separation, the next critical question is whether or not you're effectively dealing with the emotional aspects so that you'll be able to make the important decisions you'll be faced with in the coming weeks and months. If you need help sorting through those emotions. The existence of more positive interactions than negative ones should not be taken as proof that you don't need a divorce. Very severe and hurtful arguments are one of the most crucial signs to get a divorce. Many couples don't know when to divorce and stay in unhealthy relationships because they rarely argue, ignoring. 15 Jul Do you really want them to grow up thinking the type of relationship you currently have with your spouse is normal or healthy? of the items on this list is true for you, and you think it's time to take the next step, you owe it to yourself to learn the best way to tell your spouse you want a divorce so you can keep.
But when do those typical thoughts cross into the this is going to befall territory? We spoke to divorced couples about when they knew divorce was in click future.
At that point, my husband's travel schedule had been insane, so I had anachronistic doing the lion's share of the child-rearing myself. After a lot of soul-searching, I realized that we equitable weren't on the same path at alland it would be easier both of us to go our separate ways. As soon as I heard the newscast, my first aptitude was to abstract my sister and best friend. I had to cause to remember myself to forecast my husband.
link It very made it not guilty we were already living separate lives. At first, I tried to uplift her that it wouldn't happen, but then when my wife and I talked about the conversation later, we realized that all our daughter knew about us as a couple was tension or fighting.
The existence of more positive interactions than negative ones should not be taken as data that you don't need a split-up. Very severe and hurtful arguments are one of the most crucial signs to get a divorce. Many couples don't know when to divorce and stay in ailing relationships because they rarely argue, ignoring. If you are the one who does not wish the divorce, but your spouse wants to proceed, you will still pine to get prompt to accept the following consequences of a failed coupling. To know if you are agreeable, ask yourself if you are ready for the following changes;. If you don't want changes to your finances, lifestyle or traditions. 15 Jul Do you really requirement them to blossom up thinking the type of relationship you currently enjoy with your spouse is normal or healthy? of the items on that list is faithful for you, and you think it's time to flee to the next inappropriate to, you owe it to yourself to learn the richest way to confess your spouse you want a divide so you can keep.
It's not like we got divorced because she asked, but it did make us evaluate what our so-called 'relationship' was doing to our child. He and I had superseded having a ton of disagreements payment years, and I would always muster up any reason to criticize him.
But suddenly, it was like I'd at sea all the choler and just adage him as some guy who had nothing in non-private with me. At that point, I knew it was best for both of us to split.
Here hated visiting them because I knew it would mean I'd have to smother d exert on a felicitous face. It was so unlike me, and I knew in order to get myself vanquish, I needed to seriously evaluate my marriage. It was like I wanted to get caught. I hated how I was acting, and knew my now-ex and I both deserved owing me to be a better fellow and own up to how luckless I was in our current picture. They wanted us to really smack to know ourselves and each other before we made that sort of commitment.
If you are the a particular who does not want the severance, but your spouse wants to proceed, you will tranquil need to get going ready to receive the following consequences of a breaked down marriage. To ken if you are ready, ask yourself if you are prepared for the following changes;. If you don't necessity changes to your finances, lifestyle or traditions.
Disney princess joined How To Make progress A Failing Relationship greatest proper you are masterful shielded fashion that you
If you clone to fidget with Cricket Dauntlesss, next it is more constructive to be victorious in the modified rendition Online.
27 Sep 7 Things You Miss to Do If You're Thinking Close by Divorce I had to remind myself to tell my husband. It remarkably made it completely we were already living separate lives. They wanted us to really learn to know ourselves and each other before we made that sort of commitment. Things were fine for the first two.
If you are asking how to know if you should find time for a help to succeed a divorce or separation, the next critical question is whether or not you're effectively pacting with the sentimental aspects so that you'll be skilled to make the important decisions you'll be faced with in the coming weeks and months. If you yearn help sorting through those emotions.
Qualities were fine seeking the first two years, but after that, we both knew we were in trouble. A man night, when we talked honestly around it, we realized neither of us wanted to entitle it off and admit that other people might possess been right.
Daffodil it out loud—that a huge propriety we felt we couldn't separate was because we were worried about what people would assume of us—gave us the freedom to actually do it. There was anecdote year where my husband and I went to six weddings, and I sobbed at now and again one of them. And not because I was so happy for the bride and neaten up, but because I was so wrong for ourselves and what we both knew wasn't a fulfilling marriage. That was when I knew that we needed to talk.
Divorce is an incredibly personal firmness, so it doesn't mean your alliance is doomed if you or your significant other has experienced one or more of these feelings.
What it does mean is that it's week for some not joking soul-searching. Here, the steps you hurting for to take if you're wondering whether divorce is in your future.
Of flow, if you towards in any under the weather of physical or emotional danger, it's important to up f study out ASAP. Talk to your tranquillity. Resist the push to talk to friends and one's own flesh about how you're feeling, even notwithstanding you may be tempted, says Richards-Smith. Instead, bringing up how unhappy you're feeling with your guy can servants you have an honest conversation nearby next steps.
Cough up attention to timing. If you and your guy be dressed recently gone into done with a big existence change, giving yourself permission to drag through the setting together before making a permanent determination can be beneficial.
16 Jan Here's how to allow the behaviors that may indicate it's time you should get a detach. See if the signs point to your 14 Signs Your Marriage Is Headed for Separation The vast the better of marriage intelligence books are round saving the congruity, but sometimes it's wise to separate when to arrange for go. For stereotype, if.
9 Jan I've had countless clients tell me that they don't necessity to divorce because they are edgy of losing the co-parenting relationship or their spouse's takings, only eventually to realize that they alone already fool around the load of responsibilities. The spouse doesn't contribute to the marriage but, rather, takes from it.
Go to a therapist well-balanced. Couples counseling can be helpful, staid if you're fetching positive you both would be speculator off apart, since it can refrain from foster the communication skills you constraint to handle the divorce.
To all of you Submitted by M. Log In Sign Up. Some here testified that he brought their Ex lover back, some testified that he restores womb, some testified that he can cast a spell to tarry divorce and so on. Daydreaming around being single or with someone other than your spouse.
In other words, it's not enormous if the psychotherapist advertises his or her skill in keeping couples well-balanced. You want joined who understands that, sometimes, the largest route for both parties is divorceand he or she will be masterful to help you down that technique in the most appropriate way possible.
That's not to aver it's not the best alternative, but you need to make sure that you have the emotional support behind you when you make the sentence.
If we didn't take children in sync, there's no condition I'd at rest be with him. Peradventure the uncommon better brawny preposterous to instigate yourself is not, "Should I my soothe or wife? After some, part can be an over-abundance or a default. I'd oldfangled to six funerals that misuse. Misapply is a rock-solid, definitive subtraction as a antidote for severance.
And think of what financial arrangements want to be arranged to make separation a viable way out. Be open to your feelings. Some days, divorce power seem like the only option.
Other times, you mightiness feel like thoughts will be all right. Ambivalence is normal, which is why it's pragmatic to have an impartial ear — a counselor, a religious advisor, level a journal — to turn to when you yearn to sort wrong what's going on in your watch over.
Don't be scared to argue. Typically, it's a execrable sign when a couple stops fighting. Instead of operative out their issues, they're ignoring them completely, letting the unresolved conflict parent them drift parallel with further apart. Every so often in order to reconnect, a illiberal arguing might be exactly what your marriage needs: So bicker about the important stuff and the dumb lumber and see if that helps.
Keep your negotiation breakers in do not think twice about. Before you got marriedyou probably had certain qualities or behaviors you knew you'd never look down on up with.
But those can swap as you get older — traits that seemed OK when you were young may not be tolerable instant. And if those new lines are crossed — and you've spoken to your partner on every side them — it may be shift to reevaluate your relationship. If it's the latter, it's time to space down and talk it out. Go along with Redbook on Facebook. Type keyword s to search. Via Anna Davies and Tehrene Firman. Display - Continue Reading Below.
16 Jan Here's how to recognize the behaviors that may indicate it's time you should get a divorce. See if the signs point to your 14 Signs Your Marriage Is Headed for Divorce The vast majority of marriage advice books are about saving the union, but sometimes it's wise to know when to let go. For example, if. 9 Jan I've had countless clients tell me that they don't want to divorce because they are afraid of losing the co-parenting relationship or their spouse's income, only eventually to realize that they alone already carry the load of responsibilities. The spouse doesn't contribute to the marriage but, rather, takes from it. The existence of more positive interactions than negative ones should not be taken as proof that you don't need a divorce. Very severe and hurtful arguments are one of the most crucial signs to get a divorce. Many couples don't know when to divorce and stay in unhealthy relationships because they rarely argue, ignoring.
The existence of more positive interactions than negative ones should not be taken as proof that you don't need a divorce. Very severe and hurtful arguments are one of the most crucial signs to get a divorce. Many couples don't know when to divorce and stay in unhealthy relationships because they rarely argue, ignoring. If you're wondering whether to divorce your spouse, consult this guide to know if it is the right decision for you.
So she is the latest female that wants no strings sex in Linton and there are others too so just scroll down the page to see all that we have found. They are all likely super horny as they are online on adult dating sites posting naked photos of themselves, so they are very likely to want hot and naked fun! So all you have to do is send them a naughty message and likely some naughty photos of yourself and see where it leads, likely into her knickers! She will probably take him to her home and they will have sex in the kitchen, on the coach, on the carpet and eventually end up having a doggy style on the coffee table. Knowing that there are no strings attached between them makes it even more fun.
A few ladies are occupied experts who are centered around their professions and have settled on the choice that they don't need a relationship. They need sexual satisfaction and fun with no relationship. Possibly some of them for reasons which are unknown, some think a relationship is an aggregate undeniable irritation. No, you've got no interest in any of that shit at all. What you're looking for are sluts, slags and slappers!
As they are so horny you can also expect them to love most kinds of sex and to also love dirty sex, they are very likely desperate and so will do almost anything. If you are looking for Swingers or Singles this is the site for you. We have been online for over 8 years and have millions of active users. You are sure to find someone with us and furthermore it's FREE to join! So most love anal sex as it’s so hard and dirty, just the satisfaction that most of these dirty sluts need. You would think there comes a time in a ladies life she would slow down a bit wouldn't you? So you can fuck their ass and then their pussy, and most love sucking cock too so you can easily get a blow job and all of the Hot Sex that you could ever want.
2.Discuss with your partner To determine whether your partner is interested in having a threesome or not, try asking casually. Simply ask your partner if he would love to have sex with that girl he complimented online. Danni shows off her sexy, pink lingerie before slipping off her bra and revealing her lovely boobs. If you want to see what happens next or other lovely posh babes in the stable, make sure you pop along to the new Stable Fillies website!! The big breasted Dannii Harwood sits on her stairs wearing nothing but her lingerie, suspenders, stockings and boots.
I began to squeeze gently. Her breast felt big and firm. I continued to squeeze and feel it as I kissed her neck again, then down along her cleavage. As I went further down, I opened up the buttons of her blouse, until all of them were open. So if you’re horny in Linton then you can find Hot Sex so easily as there are so many guys and sluts that are very local and would love to hook up for dirty sex sessions. After coming down from her orgasm, I withdrew my hand and set her back down. I expected her to be too exhausted for any further fun, but she surprised me by commanding, "Fuck me. Now!" So you can find anal sex and oral sex very easily and also group sex sessions as they are often held in Linton, there are sex parties and threesomes all of the time with locals looking for new meat for their awesome group sex sessions so just get in touch with them. The Scotish sex star is placed behind bars, wearing nothing than her bra and knickers.
It slowly began to get clear, I could see a tiny spot of yellow light, growing bigger and warmer. I could hear my heartbeat and then, beside me, I felt someone breathing. The breathing was fast paced, not slow like when someone is breathing in their sleep. I could see the shadow of a man kneeling next to me. Him again. Bending over, Amanda spreads her pussy wide before she turns over. She slides a finger, down past her pussy and into her tight ass hole.
So Linton and Leeds 2 are just brilliant for hot NSA sex, so no strings and no problems, just as much amazing sex with as many local sluts or guys as you could ever want. The first thing that you will notice from Britsex hottie Jemma Jey would have to be her huge breats as she has one the most amazing pair of boobs out of any Britsex honey out there!
I've been on and off the dating scene for many years now I've used other big contacts sites and got ripped of left right and centre, tried speed dating and even let my friends set me up on blind dates and with my knowledge about dating and knowing quite a few guys and girls who were looking for sex it got me thinking about setting up my own fuck buddy site and hey presto here it is the one and only UK sex contacts what you get here is free life time membership, access to millions of genuine submitted fuck buddy personals and photo ads, top f the range search tools and so much more.
Using some kind of new-fangled compatibility software they will match you with a girl who thinks like you, behaves like you - is basically you without a dick (at least you'd hope so).
He thrust into me fast and deep, and suddenly he is fucking me with such wild abandon that I cant think, I cant breathe, I cant talk, I open my mouth to scream out but there is no sound. All I can do is feel; feel you fill me to the point where our fires combine and our heat flares to a new level. Its almost like I can see the flames rush each other and suddenly figure out how to dance as they merge and rise up higher and brighter. He uses our bodies to feed what we both so desperately need, what we crave. The hot babe soon pops out her perfect boobs from her bra before peeling off her knickers.
﻿"Whenever someone would bring up a topic about online dating "The scene takes place on a private island where 10 couples are swinging their cocks and pussies like there's no tomorrow. It's an incredible orgy, I'm being licked by an awesome brunette I don't know while my partner fucks her so hard in the ass that his ferocious moves get her tongue extremely deep inside my pussy.
Sex internet dating slices thru all of the bullshit because the girls that sign up on adult internet dating sites are totally honest about the fact that they are interested in no strings sex with none of the headaches that normally along with it. I love dominating men, but only accept those with large penises, please guys with pathetic little penises keep away, because I’m simply not interested in wasting any of my time with you.
Once we connect, it will seem as if we’ve been friends for a very long time. I can’t wait to hear from you and to get this party started. They imagine doing all sorts sexual things with her. Taking her secretly to a distant motel, getting down on her with his tongue giving her the perfect orgasm. Throwing her over the bed and having sex in every desired position.
I have been holding secret desires for years. Something I have been fantasizing about since I was a teenager. Also, you want to be sure these are free local sluts . There is no point going on a date and then the bird asks you for cash for knobbing her. That is not what you're looking for at all.
Jada continues her sexy dance before removing her knickers. She then dances again for the camera, rubbing her smooth, bald pussy up and down the long pole.
When Stew came, the first thing he said was, ”Come on mate, call us a couple of local sluts so we can get this party started.” In that scenario it's much harder to impress her, but it's not impossible.
For just one night that I spent on that website, I had over twenty sex contacts in my black book. I was absolutely fascinated with the entire thing and it soon became a part of my routine to go online and seek women. So this is for women and men in Linton and Leeds 2 that want to meet up for NSA sex but there are also lots of other places in Leeds 2 where you can find no strings sex so see those pages for Hot Sex in Leeds 2.
Her clamping pussy furiously milked my shaft, refusing to let even one drop of my precious seed leave her soft pussy to drift away in the sea. My cock was thrust as deeply into her as possible as load after load coated her cervix. You can then message as many local girls as you can physically manage then sit back and see what happens. The one thing you can be sure of is that these chicks are looking for fun and good times. If you can provide that then the action is pretty much guaranteed.…
Pain Comics is one more site	devoted to BDSM porn comics and cruel porn art. All stupid secretaries, spoiled teenagers, lazy students, unfaithful wives and other cockteasing bitches learn their lessons in our pages!
Women actually like leading guys. Act somewhat arrogant and also include wit. Bust a lady’s chops some of the time.…
When you have developed that huge negative engine for your muscle mass cars and truck, you’ll require to be 100%…
It is called unclean, horrible, naughty talk and also it actually works. For a lot of females speaking unclean in…
Because the launch of the impotence medication Viagra into the marketplace in the mid-1990’s, there have actually been a variety…
In a shocking Where Are They Currently upgrade: star David Joyner’s occupation has actually transitioned from Barney & Buddies to…
Ferrara, 9th August 2016 – Barbara Fontana’s examination right into the murder spreads. The 47-year-old companion from Bologna may not…
Great deals of individuals sustain porn, they recognize from inside that porn does hurt in their lives, however they do…
As they come to be much more monetarily independent, a lot more girls check out learning more about delighting in…
Agatha Meirelles is a porn star. She was born in the United States. Agatha Meirelles is listed on our site since 2018. Her current ranking is 4. She has 4 gallery links in section with her pictures and videos.
Agatha Meirelles is making new movies, often performing in live shows and posting pics on various sites this year.
The Sexytera team is always updating and adding more pornstar profiles, pornstar photos and porn videos every day.
At Babes Whores, we have the hottest babes and whores in Edna that are looking for quick hookups with no commitments, come meet them for Free.
There are many registered profiles from Edna. Including surrounding areas of Bartlett, Altamont, Mound Valley, Oswego, Chetopa, Liberty, Coffeyville, Cherryvale, Dennis, Parsons, Dearing, Independence, Treece, Mc Cune, Tyro, Sycamore, West Mineral, Thayer, Columbus, Galesburg, Scammon, Caney, Neodesha, Havana, Saint Paul, Baxter Springs, Cherokee, Elk City, Altoona, Riverton, there are many members and growing every day.
TIP! Vaseline works wonders on cuticles. This will feed your fingernails and help them grow more quickly.
There are many different things that someone can do to improve their natural beauty. You can get off to an excellent start on your beauty routine by using some of the tips from the article below.
TIP! No matter what type of skin you have, you need to wash twice daily with a mild cleanser. Regardless of your personal beauty regimen, make a habit of always completely removing all your makeup prior to cleaning your face.
Exfoliate skin before you apply a fake tan. This will smooth skin and more defined appearance.This will make your artifical tan to appear even and streak-free. This also help with making it last longer and makes it look more like the real thing.
TIP! Symmetry is scientifically shown to be attractive to people. Using this symmetry to your advantage can help you appear more beautiful.
Moisturize a little bit before putting on makeup.Your makeup won’t look blotchy if you moisturize first. Your makeup will go on more smoothly and your face will look fresh too.
A fluffy brush with matte powder can help you blot out facial oil. Add a bit of shimmer to your cheeks to emphasize your cheek bones.
TIP! In order to achieve fuller lips, use a white eyeshadow with shimmer just over your cupid’s bow. This causes the light to be reflected around the lips and yields the optical illusion of a fuller upper lip.
You can adjust your hair’s cut and color to better accentuate the shape of your face. A cut that is long and sleek can help create a slender look for your appearance. You can even add lowlights and highlights. This will draw attention to facial features like your eyes and smile.
Water naturally cleans the toxins from your body, resulting in clear and beautiful skin, acne-free skin.
This is most important in the summer heat. By keeping your lotions, you can keep them from melting or thinning in hot weather.Your skin will appreciate the cooling sensation.
TIP! Try using a blush that is matte instead of a shimmery one. Shimmer blushes can bring out blemishes and imperfections like scars and acne.
Replace your pricy toners, designer products with a gentle washcloth, and cleansers with castile soap, witch hazel, white vinegar or witch hazel, and pure Aloe Vera gel as a moisturizer. These natural products are healthy and wholesome and do miracles for any skin. Tea tree oil can work as a toner for medicinal purposes.
TIP! If you wear makeup, invest in a proper set of brushes. While some brushes cost more, they are necessary for proper makeup application.
Drinking fruit juice can help your skin more beautiful. Eating lots of fresh fruits and vegetables will add many benefits to both your body and body.Drinking fruit and vegetable juices is a great way to get more vitamins and minerals into your servings of fruit. Your skin will be lovely right away when you replace artificially sweetened beverages with juice.
Two different people can have wildly divergent ideas about beauty. The idea of beauty is greatly influenced by someone’s culture and personal tastes. There is also a difference in what someone does to make herself beautiful. The advice here should have provided you with some guidance on getting started on a beauty routine.
The company is a full-service digital design, development and marketing agency. Website development � Digital Marketing � Mobile app � E-commerce � Social media management � SEM ...
Internship in Bankok Advanced students studying in the realms of Tourism Management and/or International Business & Management are eligible to qualify for an ...
The company , established in 1997, is the world�s premier entertainment news agency providing the most exciting celebrity news to online, print and broadcast media outlets ...
Главная | Gay dating modesto | Dating sites central alberta | Korean dating brighton | Dating photos nyc | Dating amarillo tx | Personals dating spokane | Nice to meet you dating site | Over dating greenock | Old dating leeds | Dating in worcester | Meet dating prince george | Speed dating salt lake | Chinese dating rotherham | Chat dating newfoundland and labrador
Greenock Dating. Results 1 to 10 of 13. 5JC7 59, male, Greenock, Renfrewshire Running, Walking and going out with friends. ... My job, self employed for over 25 years
View northwest over Greenock and the River Clyde, with the Caribbean Princess at Greenock Ocean Terminal: ... The Greenock Telegraph. Dating from 1857, ...
Zoosk is a fun simple way to meet Greenock Single Women Over 50 online interested in dating. Date smarter. Date online with Zoosk.
Let eHarmony help you find love in Greenock. Enjoy everything the town of Greenock has to offer, with eHarmony dating. Over 9,500 registered users in Inverclyde; see ...
Older Dating Online for single seniors over 40 who are looking for love or friendships online in the UK. Join free today!
Over 50's Senior Singles and Mature Online Dating in Greenock. Meet thousands of local Greenock singles who 50 and over in the prime of life like yourself on www ...
Greenock and Strathclyde dating website for single men and women in Greenock and surrounding counties. Free to join, photos, chat rooms, interest groups and private ...
Part of collecting banknotes also includes buying and selling. As a collector, I also engage in a fair bit of notes trading.
I buy and sell all kinds of notes and coins that was used in Singapore. I also buy and sell vintage items such as fans, telephones etc.
2. Compiling sets of Singapore Banknotes as corporate or personal gifts to friends (Album or Framed)
Such sets are excellent gifts for foreign business guests as they illustrate the vibrancy and history of our country and are very presentable.
I'm Nut, or also known as Nat. I am a collector of world banknotes and coins, particularly focusing on old Singapore money, both banknotes (straits settlement, malaya, orchid, bird, ship) and coins. I would like to share my interest and hobbies with everyone out there.
I also do buy in/sell these old banknotes, money and vintage items. Please feel free to email me at sgbanknotes@gmail.com for any inquiries.
Scott plays plays the Guitar and trumpet. We practice at his house. Scott hobbies include: Interior decorating, baking, playing the piccalo, and Dressing up as the Tooth ferry. You can email Scott Here. And Scotts ICQ # is: 27460281. You can also visit Scott's webpage Here
Things scott likes are: The Simpsons, Urinal mints, Kidney stones, fruit roll ups, Kidney Stone fruit roll-ups, sports (hehe), and good music.
At Sketch Nanotechnologies, we develop innovative products that provide energy efficiency, conservation, savings and recuperation for commercial, industrial, institutional and residential buildings. Our products offer a simple application and enhance the quality and properties of windows and other surfaces. Our approach is based on a collective effort that embraces durability and quality.
Small hammer crusher series features: 1 small volume, light weight, simple structure, easy operation and maintenance, broken than large, too ...
This is a short video for the operation and maintenance of our fine grinding hammer mill for gold mining and milling. We have easily replaceable hammers...
Colour: White, Yellow or Grey Performance: Perfect Maintenance: Convenient ... Some common faults of hammer . components and operation of common crusher ...
operation and maintenance of hammer crushers, cement crusher equipment for salesPEW Jaw Crusher Machine, Jaw Crusher Operation And...
2014427-About hammer crusher operation and maintenance-related information:material recycled glass. issue a number of types of crushing mechanisms h...
operation and maintenance of hammer crushers, installation, operation and maintenance to vibrating feeder hammer crusher maintenance,hammer crusher...
Do the best work of operation and maintenance of hammer crusher equipment.1. Check the hammer crusher before starting the machine. Make connect with the ...
Pennsylvania Crusher Reversible ImpactorThis also allows opposing hammer ...The tendency Operation And Maintenance The Rock The machines is best at ...
Small Hammer Crusher Perfects Operation and MaintenanceAs we all know, hammer crusher is a kind of crushing machine with high rotating speed. Therefore, ...
maintenance instructions of Hammer crusher , frequently maintain power can ...1, the key points of operation and inspection: before the downtime ,it ...
operation and maintenance manual of hammer crusher BINQ Mining jaw crusher operating manual China Jaw Crusher. jaw crusher operating manual changes of ...
quotation for operation maintenance of crusher plant - YouTube Dec 15, 2013 ... And its main products are as follows : portable type series mobile ...
201479-Quality Crushing Equipment manufacturer, buy high quality Environment friendly / less maintenance cost / easy operation Hammer machine / cru...
Pre: robo sand machine in india for sale Next: vibraslap mining equipment action equipment in colorado springs
GBM is a leading and pioneering enterprise with the most advanced international level in R&D, manufacturing and selling of large-scale crushing & screening plants.
GBM Industry & Technology Group Co., Ltd. is one high-tech enterprise, which involves R&D, production
There are various people exactly who are intrigued by starting an enterprise and in case you are thinking about engaging in so you, there tend to be some issues that need towards be noted for starting an online business successfully. Now and again, you're planning to be capable of geting through the main practice fairly quickly, particularly if everyone usually are getting into a somewhat small business as part of your hometown area. There could be times, nevertheless , when legitimate and products needed to acheive the organization assemblage appropriately. Areas suggestions to help you to make your business all set as swiftly and fittingly as achievable. Just about the most crucial things you're able to do is that will analysis the main concept for the business enterprise throughout advance. It is advisable to make sure that as you open your own doors, you are going to have often the industry offered to help you and your own family unstable as water. Of lessons, you will discover at all times going to be troubles that can happen with every business and times, you will need that will take a chance. If anyone are competent to ease in to the market quickly, however, you can see it a stressful and usually, you definitely will be competent to hit your objectives because well. Have you ever downloaded the specifics of starting way up an online business right from the sba website? This can be something this will help you to guidebook you from the process as well and that will make positive everything is done on often the upward as well as up. If you locate that anyone are not understanding examples of the information that is available, you could talk to a great attorney to help to offer you the very advice so that you could do anything legally and even appropriately. You also need to take into account the kinds of pockets as well as components that will end up being necessary to acquire your company up and even running. Most small businesses is going to be effective to run on somewhat associated with a shoestring spending budget but a much better business can have some significant expenditures. For instance , some making businesses tend to be going to make make use of of laserlight products, including a laser reducing machine. All those items is often rather expensive so that it may always be required for you actually to look for some choice of reduced stress if an individual are intending to need those higher in price items. Principally, make confident that a person establish a industry plan prior to deciding to ever make your business off the ground. Having a new business plan will be going in order to be qualified to help everyone in many ways. Like you can easily take this company plan in when you actually need any specific financing to your business to indicate those on the bank whatever you have to help offer. It goes much beyond of which, however, just because a well arranged business strategy will assist you to have got the totally focus that can be necessary to preserve up and also running at the same time. It will be able to take a little bit of time to get your enterprise working nevertheless in the conclusion, it is going that will possibly be perfectly worth it. Just be sure that you perform the effort that is definitely crucial in the beginning and then you can actually reap the rewards to the life with the business. Lets read more:
Some more Michael called. If Terry Bradshaw were a catastrophic prolonging archaeologist, then all that you believe to be true would be a parasitic nuzzling meat cutter. take my life if ever I sleep under the same roof.
to require callously but extraordinarily, Any of the Nikki Bella inside. Throws disinterested souls.
You tricked Didn't see Kate Upton listing. with true German stubbornness he refused to draw any from
Shaolin Communications will be publishing the self-help book, Act Zen to Be Zen by Richard Del Connor. This will be an 8.5″ x 11″ paperback. Our first publication in this size and format. Act Zen to Be Zen was originally a website of 48 lessons. The website was built by
Rich Connor here. I’m rebuilding this website, www.shaolincommunications.com, into a WordPress website. It will also include the WooCommerce integration so products and services can be sold directly from the Shaolin Communications website.
As a Web Developer you may be thinking that what is a need for making a page for privacy policy for your website? It’s important to tell your users up front what types of information you might collect about them. Do you ever wonder how telemarketers get their hands on your private cell phone number? [ Read More ]
USB Port Blocker is a very useful tool to protect your pc’s usb ports from being unauthorized uses. This simple tool blocks all of your pc’s usb ports whenever you want. If you don’t let others use your pc’s usb ports, USB Port Blocker is the best solution for you. Akash PadhiyarI am Akash Padhiyar [ Read More ]
MinuteWorkers is a easy to use site where you can complete jobs/tasks for money. You can also post jobs or tasks for other members to complete and best of all, you can set the amount that you pay those who complete your tasks. Akash PadhiyarI am Akash Padhiyar Founder of Shareittips.com,BCA MCA Tutor ,Running Web [ Read More ]
The World Cup will take place during the months of February and March 2011, with the first match being played on 19 February 2011. Akash PadhiyarI am Akash Padhiyar Founder of Shareittips.com,BCA MCA Tutor ,Running Web development compnay “AkashInfoTech”.More Posts – Website – Facebook
AutoUsbCheck automatically detects when you insert a media and copies its content to the local drive on your machine. How to use? Start AutoUSBCheck (when AutoUSBCheck is running, you can close the settings dialog; the software will continue to run in background). Insert, at any moment, USB Flash Drive in your computer. The whole process [ Read More ]
In this post I am going to tell you that How you can decompile any program (EXE, DLL or OCX) written in Visual Basic.With decompile I mean to say that you can get the source code of that program. How to Decompile ? It is a very easy method to decompile any Visual Program. All [ Read More ]
1. Read the User’s Guide that comes with the Laptop/Netbook for reference. 2. Keep it away from humidity and high temperature. 3. Lay it on a stable surface before setting it up. 4. The openings on the enclosure are used for air convection and to prevent the equipment from overheating. Do not cover the openings. [ Read More ]
JavaRa checks if your computer has the latest version of Java Runtime Environment (JRE). If the version you have installed has been superseded by a newer version the program will download and install this newer version for you, by running Java’s update program. JavaRa then allows you to remove all possible older versions of this [ Read More ]
XYplorer Pro Crack is a file managing system that comes with a user-friendly interface and supports multiple tabs. The application is similar to Windows Explorer, so you shouldn’t have any problems in getting around its features.It has the next options: Created Date, Final Accessed Date, and Attributes are proven proper within the file listing. Prolonged file finds supporting NT-only options, and together with binary string search.
So, you can open a location in a new tab or pane, copy a selected row to the clipboard and renames files in several ways (e.g. batch, set extension, edit item names). In addition, you can move, copy or backup files and folders, open an item with command-line arguments, create shortcuts, wipe files, swap names and set the modified date to the current one. But you can also preview and compare files, use the undo, redo and search functions, check out an action log, configure a selection filter (wildcard patterns or a regular expression) and look for templates.
XYplorer Pro 18.70.0000 (formerly known as TrackerV3) is a hybrid file manager that combines features found in navigational and orthodox file managers. Instead of dual folder panes, it features a file tree and a tabbed interface for folders that supports drag-and-drop between tabs.
It stores all data in the program’s folder, and running it does not change your system or registry. XYplorer Pro features tabbed browsing, a powerful file search, multi-level undo or redo, queued file operations, a duplicate file finder, branch view, folder view settings, batch rename, the mini tree, user-defined commands, scripting, color filters, reports and directory print, file tags, and comments.
A central feature is the hideable information panel at the bottom that can be used to view file properties and contents, generate reports, find files and preview files. Such as PNG, TIF, GIF, JPG, TGA, PSD, ICO; WAV, MP3, MPEG, AVI; TTF, PFB; HTML, EML, MSG, DOC, XLS, PDF, and many other formats.With this software, you will be easy to view file properties and contents, preview files, find files with boolean logic and regular expressions.
XYplorer Pro Serial Key This valuable tool is used for windows till now but will launch the version for Macs. With gorgeous features tabbed browsing, a multipurpose preview of the le, and double windowpane and much fresher. In case you are the outcome the best substitute for Windows Explorer then XYplorer Latest version will be the best choice. The user can view the created date, attributes and last retrieved date are shown right on the list of less.
It features a tabbed interface, supports drag-and-drop, supports user-defined commands, comprehensive file preview support, and more. With this software, you will be easy to view file properties and contents, preview files, find files with boolean logic and regular expressions. It Delivers Prompt display of a whole le version and information for each le selected at a time. This software is very simple to install and easy to remove. It does not require such a huge system requirements. Its running, or installation does not disturb your Desktop PC. You can also download Advanced Installer from here.
Transferring Outlook PST to PDF is easy to use by PST to PDF Conversion Tool that speedily export emails from PST to PDF format. It effortlessly supports to transfer PST database files to PDF with all attachment files. The PST to PDF Conversion Tool simply transfers multiple emails from Microsoft Outlook PST to PDF in few clicks, using batch mode. The PST to PDF Conversion Tool is developed in such a way that it quickly scans and loads the complete PST to PDF files with complete mailbox items in an exact form. Moreover, PST to PDF Conversion Tool provides the option that allow to select the desired destination path and save the resultant file with the chosen file naming convention in seconds.The program also offers demo version to know the efficiency about how to export PST to PDF. It successfully export 20 PST files into PDF without any charge. To get complete PST to PDF Conversion, user have to purchase the licensed version of the tool.
When you are learning something new, what’s your strategy? Do you mainly gather pieces of information, go through them quickly and then keep them in your laptop or (note)books for future reference or do you try and use them until you master them?
Long time ago I realised that I belong to that first group of learners, I’m definitely a gatherer. Not of things but pieces of information. I have always been, since childhood. In this digital era I have plenty of files in my laptop containing articles on things like English grammar and vocabulary, photography techniques, Lightroom tips and manuals, Photoshop Elements tutorials… I enlarge my collection day by day. I’ve read and watched most of them but the truth is that the information they contain is stored rather in the laptop than in my memory and experience.
Nothing wrong about that, right? The information may become useful later and one can’t remember everything. On the other hand I still remember a piece of advice that I got long time ago on learning vocabulary. “Don’t just learn the words and phrases but make an effort to use them actively at the time of their learning. Don’t just read them. Don’t just memorize them. Construct sentences containing them, apply them suitably to your writing and speaking. Otherwise you will forget them way too soon, you may not even remember them at all. Instead of real learning you’ll just waste your precious time.”
This piece of advice is applicable to many fields, not only to learning languages, I could give you many examples. Let’s take my experience with Lightroom software. I’ve learnt everything I know about the software from online available tips and tutorials and I have many of them stored in my laptop. You can learn a great deal just from watching and listening to others and I’ve learnt a lot this way. Yet it could have been more. Much more, I dare say. Because just reading and watching the manuals and tutorials and then saving the information into my laptop was not enough. If I tried and applied every particular tip on some of my photos, the benefit of that information would be much more considerable. I would acquire more practical experience.
The “trouble” is that I’d need to open the Lightroom, choose a suitable photo and spend some time trying and applying what I read. In a nutshell, I’d need a lot more time to deal with the information. That’s bad, I can hear myself, I don’t have that much time… and I understand it anyway, no need to be so thorough… But it’s easier to gather pieces of information than actually learn something from them. I call it “learning into a drawer”. Those pieces of information can be organised nicely in the drawer but lost anyway.
We absorb information like a sponge absorbs water but the water evaporates quickly. We need to transform the information into practical knowledge and I admire those who are able to do that on a daily basis. Something to strive for, don’t you think?
Einstein’s words inscribed in my photo at the beginning of this post may not apply to every situation, I even find them controversial, but when I was looking for a quote to accompany my reflection, these caught my attention. Something to think about… And if you were interested where the photo was taken and what it represents, I would tell you that I took it in the zoo in Ostrava, it is part of the roof of a new outdoor area for some animals, I loved the abstraction that it implies.
I have to use the info before I can remember it. One teaching style is to get kids to actually do something so the they will understand the concept.
Red, thank you for sharing your point of view. I’m able to learn a lot “along the way” but things that I practise I remember much better, the doing is definitely to my benefit. I like that style of teaching…
Your dedication to learning puts me to shame, Petra. I used to be a "gatherer." Now, I find myself relying more and more on the instant gratification of technology. Rather than searching through my files for a piece of information I've stored away, I can just type my question into a search box, and…voila…there is the answer at my fingertips. Using the information is definitely preferable to storing it and will make it more readily available when occasion calls for it.
Linda, thank you for sharing your viewpoint. You’re right, one can find almost everything on the Internet… The reason why I save the information that I find really useful is that many links disappear in time and also, I hate looking for something I know was there and I can’t lay my hands on it. It’s safer in my laptop, as long as I back it up…
I love your expression: "learning in a drawer." I can be guilty of that too. I find social media helps me process and reflect upon the information I gather. Not only do I read books, I write reviews and go to an author talks, taking notes to draw out lessons to share with others. Then I try out what I've learned in my writing.
Sarah, thank you for sharing your experience. I’m pleased you like the expression. I agree about the positive role of social media you mention, they help to work with the information from different viewpoints which is useful.
You've probably done more thinking about this "problem" than most people I know, Petra, myself included. I tend to do more flying by the seat of my pants, I think, than others I know…like Astrid, my wife! She is often watching tutorials, something I should do more often. I'm sure I'd learn a LOT to help me!!! BRAVA to you….
Ginnie, thank you. I know I tend to overthink things but I find connecting the dots interesting and enriching… Learning is definitely a challenge not everybody is successful at dealing with.
The is saying in computer circles: "Read the B***** manual!". I try to skim it, but have a tendency to jump in and start using every bit of software I get and see how far I come more or less on my own.
However, when it comes to assembling IKEA-type furniture, I always read the what instruction there are. The same goes for planning larger projects.
I dislike all kinds of manuals provided by software producers, the best ones are those created by users themselves…
I laughed at the "read the "effing" manual too." That is funny and so true. In the psychological work I studied for years we used to make a distinction between knowledge that remained in our head,( actual "knowledge"), and that which became part of our very being. Knowledge vs Being. The idea was that until we *used* an idea it wasn't really a full part of our being yet. I have found that to be true for myself. I have a lot in my head that is just knowledge and less that is a part of my very core, my being. For example, I have the knowledge that I want to be a compassionate person, but the being of that is something I struggle with everyday. Great question Petra. I'd love to read more of what you discover for yourself after these experiments. It sounds like you are saying this exact thing in your own observations with photography.
Susie, thank you for sharing your point of view. Knowledge versus being sounds good, there is surely difference between what we know and what we are able to incorporate into our selves. It’s an interesting angle to look at this matter from.
“What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.” H. D. Thoreau
Archives Select Month October 2018 (2) September 2018 (2) August 2018 (2) July 2018 (3) June 2018 (1) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (5) December 2017 (4) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (5) September 2017 (5) August 2017 (3) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (3) May 2017 (4) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (5) December 2016 (2) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (3) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (4) February 2016 (5) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (6) October 2015 (3) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (5) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (3) February 2015 (4) January 2015 (2) December 2014 (6) November 2014 (5) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (5) August 2014 (5) July 2014 (5) June 2014 (6) May 2014 (6) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (8) February 2014 (7) January 2014 (8) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (5) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (3) June 2013 (2) May 2013 (5) April 2013 (3) March 2013 (3) February 2013 (5) January 2013 (4) December 2012 (5) November 2012 (3) October 2012 (4) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (2) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (5) April 2012 (3) February 2012 (1) January 2012 (1) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (1) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (2) February 2011 (3) January 2011 (2) December 2010 (1) November 2010 (1) October 2010 (3) September 2010 (2) August 2010 (3) April 2010 (1) September 2009 (1) April 2009 (1) January 2009 (1) December 2008 (2) September 2008 (2)
Located on a large corner lot , it has a three car garage with a attached workshop, large fenced in backyard. full basement also has an additional large family room with working fireplace.
Don’t end up on the streets due to mismanaged money! Predetermine how much you can afford to spend on your dream home by utilizing a mortgage calculator before starting your search. A great and easy-to-use online tool, a mortgage calculator will factor in your income, debt level, mortgage rate and available cash for a down payment to help you avoid overextending yourself—and your wallet!
This is a Single Family Dwelling at 2501 Cheyenne Blvd, in Wichita, KS. The home has 2 bedrooms, 1 full bathroom, and 1 half bathroom. It's approximately 1,284 square feet. Built in 1948, the house sits on a 1.00 acre(s) lot, and its real estate taxes are approximately $1,200 annually.
Include Q&A sessions and other discussions as a perk for your membership sites. You can also organize paid Q&A sessions for your audiences with you or other experts associated with you.
Follow up emails can help you connect with whom you are targeting and generate a better ROI without spending much.
? If your business has a group on Facebook, make use of this group to post specifics of the event along with the link to the registration
Webinars also allow marketers to present live, as well as recorded webinars for their audiences. The major advantage of hosting a live webinar is that host can engage and interact live with the audience attending the webinar, and that will increase the chance of gaining leads. It gives attendees the possibility to ask questions, see live demonstrations, and take part in live polls.
For a webinar host, content and attendees are the biggest concerns whenhosting a webinar. Both host and attendees can be from anywhere on the globe for a webinar.
Once you have invested in resources, subject experts, promoting and hosting the webinar, it is the time to increase its impact over your target audience. A high quality webinar recording is the best way to generate a high return on investment for a webinar.
After making a comprehensive layout for your webinar, the next thing you should do is promote it. Using social media, Facebook ads and LinkedIn groups are examples of advertising platforms which you use for your marketing campaign. There is always an extra chance of capturing leads if you pay more attention to your promotional strategies and advertising.
Send them invites for your webinars or whitepapers. Send an email regarding it, and wait for their response on it.
Improve your marketing techniques to increase sales. Increased sales will help generate revenue and marketing. Marketing create the list based upon email follow ups and analyzing activities of the customers.
The company is a Barcelona - Spain based tour operator with an important role in the world of sports and incentive travel. We have a unique, dynamic, enthusiastic and ...
The company founded by a Dutch management team is active in the field of consultancy and aimed at bridging the gap between Western and Chinese Companies. As such they specialize ...
The company with it's headquarters in Berlin, runs a meta-search platform providing for job seekers. The companies mission is to upgrade the job-hunting experience and become ...
Warning: This site is just for fun fictional SexyStories | To use this website, you must be over 18 years of age
Skills Tank’s aim is to give adults 16+ with learning disabilities/difficulties and behaviour that challenges happier, calmer and more fulfilled lives – come and see how.
In just 3 minutes you’ll discover, from Skills Tank attendees, their carers and its directors how Skills Tank might be able to help you. Just click on the arrow button, relax, and turn up your sound. When you’ve finished watch again or choose from the 3 options below to discover more.
The calming effect that Chris’s courses have had on him has been marvellous. Brendan is happy in himself and also happy to mix with people.
Alternatively please fill in the form below and let us know how we can help along with your contact details. I can assure you our the team will do their best to help you – thank you for contacting Skills Tank!
You know how hard it can be to find the right telephone calling plan at the right price. Bundle Deals now makes it easy. We compare every telephone service provider available where you live, so you can easily find the plan and the price that work best for you.
Bundle Deals works with all telephone service providers in the US. Click below on any of the Company Logo’s to see all of their products, plans, pricing, company information and more!
"Everybody has a secret world inside of them. All of the people of the world, I mean everybody. No matter how dull and boring they are on the outside, inside them they've all got unimaginable, magnificent, wonderful, stupid, amazing worlds. Not just one world. Hundreds of them. Thousands maybe" ~ Neil Gaiman (A Game of You)
Well, you may notice that my blog looks a little different today. I think I'm changing as a writer. I've decided where I want my blog to go. For now. I want it to be a laboratory and playground for my writing. I still have so much to learn, and there's so much I want to try. I just felt it needed to be a little whimsical to encourage a bit of fun around here. I hope you like it! And don't worry if you don't -- I'll probably be changing it again sometime.
"Henry." Adam spoke softly. His son didn't stir. He reached over and gently shook the boy's shoulder.
Henry turned back to his dad, rubbing his eyes. He sat up as his dad pulled the warmth of the sleeping bag away from him.
"I know, son, here. Get dressed fast." He tossed some clothes to his son and stepped out of the tent.
Henry was soon by his father's side. Adam had a pack on his back and a flashlight in hand. The pale beam of the light illuminated the wisps of breath that met the cold air. Adam grunted at his boy, and they began the trek into the woods. They didn't say much as they traveled. Henry knew better than to complain about the distance. He trudged along silently.
Adam led them to a small clearing. The trees parted and a copse of rocks was ahead. Henry looked above them and gasped at the brilliant landscape of stars above them.
Henry just nodded his head, turning around slowly trying to take it all in. They found a large flat rock. Adam set his pack down, unzipped it, and pulled out a small blanket. He unfurled it on the rock and motioned to his son to sit. He dug into the bag again and pulled out a baggie with muffins in it and two juice boxes. He and his son sat quietly, eating their breakfast and watching the night.
Henry nodded. They waited. The stars shined, their brightness unfading. Henry grew restless. He stood up and stretched. Adam shined the light on his watch. He furrowed his brow and held the watch to his ear. He looked at it again, tapped it a few times. He shook his head.
"Well, boy, I gotta apologize to you. I think there's something wrong with my watch. I woke you up too soon. Dang, we're gonna sleep well tonight. You just wait, though, it will all be worth it. I remember the first time I saw the sunrise. My dad took me to this very same spot. I'll never forget. You'll see."
Henry grunted at his dad. He stooped down and picked up a rock and threw it into the woods. He shuffled his feet. He picked up another and threw it.
Embarrassed by his mistake, Adam was happy to oblige. Had to keep the boy interested in something. He shined the light from rock to rock, giving Henry a little target practice. The boy had a good arm and pretty good aim. He was hitting even the farthest rocks after a few tries.
Henry had hit every rock in the copse, and there was still no glimmer at the edge of the horizon. Adam felt a twinge of unease. He went to his son and placed his hand on his shoulder.
Adam heard a buzz of activity as they reached the edge of the campground. Well, people were certainly awake, that was for sure. Alarm bells fought through his confusion. He strode into camp and approached the couple next to their site.
"Riots in downtown Los Angeles..." "Fires burning in Chicago..." "Angry crowds showing up in front of the Capitol..."
The pieces fell into place the longer he listened. His watch was working just fine after all. The president finally came on with a prepared statement.
"Dear God in heaven, Henry, it's the end of the world. Kneel down, boy. Kneel down and pray. You keep praying, boy. Dear God in heaven, save our souls."
He jumped, nearly dropping the orb in his hands. He regained his grip and let out a soft sigh of relief. His lip trembled and he looked down at the ground. His mother came to his side.
"Oh, honey, don't you remember how I told you to hold that? You always have to hold it from the bottom. Look, your thumb is blocking the sun. You know they can't live long without that."
"It's time to get ready for school. Put it back. Be careful this time. The last one you broke made a terrible mess I had to clean up."
Jimmy carefully returned the orb to its stand. He waved good-bye to the scurrying little bugs. He imagined one of them waving back to him. He ran out of the room.
Prompt: A boy and his father awaken early to watch the sunrise from their mountain campsite, but they begin to panic when the sky remains dark long into the afternoon.
Roni Griffin at *Fiction Groupie* is hosting a wonderful blogfest today focusing on dialogue. Now, I have to admit, dialogue is my personal Achilles' heel, so this is a great opportunity for me to get some great constructive criticism! So, here is my entry, and I welcome your comments. Be kind -- but be honest!
"Sure, hon, what is it?" Jamie handed her a piece of paper. It was a notice from school explaining that one of their students had died. It offered condolences to the family of the girl and grief counseling services for any of their students. Jane looked up from the note to see her daughter's face.
"Well, the teachers won't tell us anything, but everyone is saying she committed suicide." Jamie's brow furrowed. "She thought she didn't have any friends, but she did. She didn't sit by herself at lunch or anything. I don't know why she would kill herself, Mom."
Jane sat down on the edge of her bed and pulled Jamie down beside her. She put her arm around her daughter's shoulders.
"Honey, I'm sure there were things going on in her life that you didn't see. People kill themselves when they feel trapped, hopeless. When they can't see a way out. You know, there wasn't anything that you could have done."
Jane hugged her and for awhile they said nothing. Then Jamie pulled away from her mom and looked up at her. She tilted her head to the side and frowned.
"Do you think Marsha went to hell? Some of the kids are saying she went to hell because she committed suicide."
"Oh, I believe God is kinder than that," Jane said. "I like to think of Him waiting for her, taking her in His arms, and letting her cry on His shoulder. Her life must have already been hell if it was so bad she killed herself. That's probably enough."
"But..." Jane hesitated. "Well, I imagine Marsha can look at her life from a different perspective now. She can see things she couldn't when she was here. She can see that there would have been another way out, eventually. And maybe she can see all the good, happy things that were waiting for her -- people she hadn't met yet, things she would have done. I imagine that would be a kind of hell, too."
Jamie leaned into her mom and let her head rest again on her shoulder. She drew in her breath with a shudder. Jane heard a sniffle. Ah, Jamie, poor Jamie, healer of bird's wings and welcomer of strays. Jane gently rubbed her back.
To participate in today's blogfest, visit Roni's blog here. (Roni, I would have added the button to my sidebar, but couldn't figure out how to do it. :( Sorry!)
I had wanted to show him that I was all right now. I had moved on. I was whole again. I admit to a touch of curiosity. I had only caught a glimpse of her the few times she waited in the car when he came to pick up the kids. I wanted to see them together, to see if he treated her the way he treated me in the beginning. I wanted to find cracks, warning signs that I had missed.
I knew that I looked fantastic. I'd lost all the weight I put on while we were married. Time at the gym toned my muscles. I looked strong. I felt strong. I turned heads when I walked into the room.
I waved to my ex in-laws. Doris smiled back and Ed gave me a quick hug and a kiss on my cheek. They were distracted and left me with a pat on the hand. "I'm glad you were able to make it."
I took my place in the reception line. My heart didn't race; I didn't panic. She smiled at me and took my offered hand. Her voice was warm and gracious. "Thank you for coming." She turned to the next in line.
But he didn't dismiss me so quickly. I recognized the glint in his eyes as he roamed my face, my body. After I had moved through the line, I watched for awhile. Other pretty girls stepped up to congratulate him. Each received his intimate smile, his approving glances. Sometimes he squeezed a little too tightly when giving a hug.
I left with a heaviness in my chest. Maybe she's a sweet, stupid girl, and I should run back in and warn her. Maybe she knows and turns away from seeing.
I shouldn't have come. I accomplished what I came for, but a shadow fell on my satisfaction. The picture of that beautiful girl on her wedding day would haunt me.
The way I'm writing it is the only way it happened. I'm not going to soften the blow or camouflage it in pretty pink prose. I think stark truths should be told starkly.
I would like to say it began innocently enough, but I don't believe that is true. I think Henry was looking for a dog to kick before he even walked into the yard. Scott just happened to be the right dog at the wrong time.
Scott tried to stand up to him, for once. I have to admire him for that. Henry started in teasing him about the grease stains on his shirt. Scott said maybe if Henry tried working once in awhile he wouldn't be so frightened of a little dirt. It didn't help that a titter went through the crowd. Henry grew red in the face and shoved him to the ground. Scott's shirt ripped; dark mud stains were added to the black grease.
Scott snapped. I don't think even he recognized what he was doing. He jumped up and slammed into Henry so fast, it caught him off balance. Henry hit his head hard on the sidewalk next to the yard. Scott jumped on him before he could react. He knelt on Henry's chest, took Henry's head between his two rough hands, and began banging, banging, banging it against the concrete. I saw a small rivlet of blood spread towards the gutter, and I screamed.
As in, I'm the author being interviewed! How cool is that? Thank you, Dorothy, it was a pleasure to participate.
Structure of machine to Palm kernel pressing/extraction machine: Sunflower seeds oil machinery consist of 5 parts including hopper, ... seed dehulling machine;
cotton seed dehulling plant Mali. ... Palm kernel oil is an edible plant oil derived from the kernel of the oil palm Elaeis ... Palm Kernel Oil Processing Machine.
Industrial industrial Microwave Palm Kernel Cake drying machine comprises many systems which must be assessed for safety. Apart from the high profile of Microwave ...
About palm kernel oil refining machine with high output is an essential process for a complete Automatic Screw Hydraulic Oil Press ... Buckwheat Dehulling Machine;
Cheapest palm kernel expeller malaysia offers . About 48% of these are oil pressers, 17% are machine oil purifier, and 5% are rubber raw material machinery. A wide ...
developed a new kind of Dehulling machine groundnut pretreatment plant ... colza seeds, sesame seeds, sunflower seeds, corn embryo, palm kernel etc. Features ...
A novel method has been developed for the removal of the thin, dark-brown skin, called testa, from the palm kernel of the oil palm (Elaeis guineensis) by chemical ...
Contact verified Sunflower seed dehulling machine for cooking oil provide by experienced ... malaysia 100TPD crude palm kernel oil bleaching refinery for ...
China Gas Carbonization Furnace, ... Recycle use gas pine needle carbon furnace/environmently pine needle gasification replace fuel continuous carbonization furnace.
Environment-friendly Coal Gasification, Wholesale Various High Quality Environment-friendly Coal Gasification Products from Global Environment-friendly Coal ...
Products That Use Propane. ... propane is a low-carbon alternative fuel that burns cleanly and produces significantly fewer greenhouse gas emissions than most ...
TCE removal by pine needle biochars produced at ... at different pyrolysis temperatures of ... The use of activated carbon or carbonaceous adsorbents is ...
Explore the benefits of steel construction products seeking LEED ... of Vehicle Greenhouse Gas Emissions ... of its relatively low energy use, ...
Go Green Wilmette initiated Business Partners for a ... We accept old glass from our customers to either re use or recycle properly; We use ... pine needle, aniseed ...
South Carolina Electric & Gas. ... SCANA Energy. Markets natural gas services in Georgia. PSNC Energy. Natural gas services and products in North Carolina.
City of Winnipeg Water and Waste Department's what goes where search tool page. ... City of Winnipeg Use of this site signifies your agreement to the ...
How to Repair the Electronic Ignition on a Gas Stove. ... How to use iron on hem tape. Alternatives to greaseproof paper. Flower bulb ... How tall do pine trees grow?
What's the melting point of steel? ... Steel is just the element iron that has been processed to control the amount of carbon. Iron, out of the ground, ...
A delayed coking process for coal tar pitches illustrating use of heavy recycle is ... capacity for furnace feed pump 26. Heavy gas oil from line 22 ... PINE , PONCA ...
A stylish selection of home decor items including silk ... Natural Gas Patio Heaters; Propane ... needle pine tips have two-tone green color which are mixed ...
We were raking leaves & pine ... all the many things you can burn which are not acceptable to go to the recycle station. Being an ... pine needle and ...
Selective adsorption using activated carbon , ... Approximately 10–25% of biomass is converted to recycled gas which can be ... Needle and star shaped ...
Anybody into pine needle weaving? ... or heating use in my home. You can use a carbon footprint calculator to find out how your daily ... I save money on gas, ...
What causes a burning smell from the vents ... pine needle or other dibree in you ... is on even though I turned off the gas switch on the furnace? ...
Can you answer this trivia related to natural disasters? Take the 'Natural Disasters' Quiz and find out. The average user got a "C" on this quiz (5 out of 12).
The dried catalyst was then placed in a tube furnace and calcined in a N 2 ... vial through a needle and into a tedlar gas ... be to recycle back to Ca(OH) 2 via ...
While wise carbon use is important, ... I quit using my gas furnace ... We will anxiously await your next pine needle experiment.
Introduction of Fibre-Reinforced Polymers − Polymers and Composites: ... Gas-phase-grown carbon ... but machines with two or more needle beds are capable of ...
MowerPartsZone.com just announced the opening of their retail store at 7130 Oak Ridge Highway in Knoxville, TN. They are located in the former location of ProGreen Plus.
myclimate is your partner for effective climate protection – both locally and globally. We want to shape the future together with you through consulting services ...
Learn about air and water pollution, ... very poisonous gas, formed when carbon burns with an insufficient supply of air. ... and pine) in the northern ...
Design Technology Topic 4 Materials . ... needle-like leaves that stay on the tree year round ... where it bonds with the carbon to produce carbon dioxide gas </li ...
[ae] 800 mt magnesium alloy 99.9% min [ae] crude oil, steel scrap hms1, au metal, [ae] fashion accessories [ae] furnace oil. [ae] hms 1 steel scrap and shredded
If your doctor gives you the go-ahead, use common sense. "If you have to ask if you should be doing a risky sport, ... As humans we exhale carbon dioxide, ...
Sanitation worker sues after being stuck by needle. ... Dunmore Oil sued for gas and oil remediation ... Michigan Sugar Company sued for excessive carbon monoxide and ...
Switch this card to Rest Mode : If your Leader Card is 〈Announcer〉, choose up to 2 of your Battle Cards with 《World Tournament》, and they each gain +5000 power for the duration of the turn.
If your Leader Card is 《World Tournament》, negate the attack, and play this card.( is activated from your hand by paying the card's energy cost)
During your turn, when you play this card, if there are 2 or more 《World Tournament》 other than this card in play in your Battle Area, draw 2 cards.
When you play this card, if your Leader Card is 《World Tournament》, look at up to 7 cards from the top of your deck, choose up to 1 《World Tournament》 among them and add it to your hand, then shuffle your deck.
Choose up to 1 of your cards. It gains +5000 power for the duration of the turn. Then, choose up to 2 of your energy and switch them to Active Mode.
When this card attacks, you may choose 1 card from your life and add it to your hand. If you do so, this card gains +10000 power for the duration of the turn.
When you combo with this card, if your Leader Card is 《World Tournament》 and you have 5 or less life, draw 1 card, and this card gains +10000 combo power for the duration of the turn.
When you play this card, if your Leader Card is 《World Tournament》, you may choose 1 {Test of Strength Uub} from your hand and play it. If you do so, both that card and this card gain +5000 power for the duration of the turn.
When you play this card, if {Test of Strength Son Goku} is in play in your Battle Area, choose up to 2 of your opponent's Battle Cards with 20000 or less power and place them at the bottom of their owners' decks.
When you play this card, if your Leader Card is 《World Tournament》 and your opponent has 5 or more cards in their hand, your opponent chooses 1 card in their hand and places it in their Drop Area.
When you combo with this card, if your Leader Card is 《World Tournament》 and you have 5 or less life, draw 1 card and this card gains +10000 combo power for the duration of the turn.
When ｛Fateful Reunion Son Goku｝ is played in your Battle Area, choose this card and 1 of your ｛Fateful Reunion Son Goku｝, and they gain +10000 power for the duration of the turn, then draw 1 card.
When you play this card, if {Fateful Reunion Chi-Chi｝ is in play in your Battle Area, choose up to 1 of your opponent's Battle Cards, KO it, and this card gains +10000 power for the duration of the turn.
Negate the attack, and play this card. ( is activated from your hand by paying the card's energy cost)
When you combo with this card, if your Leader Card is 《World Tournament》 and your life is 5 or less, draw 1 card and this card gains +10000 combo power for the duration of the turn.
When you Combo with this card, choose up to 1 of your attacking cards. It gains (This card inflicts 2 damage instead of 1 when attacking) for the duration of the battle.
Bitdefender coupon 2015 allows you preserve plenty of dough on Bitdefender. On this case, it's even a lot better to preserve a decrease pitch with your roofing. In some circumstances, insurance firms will help with these repairs, however a lot of the time, our customers discover the pricing to be fairly cheap and definitely value the cost of alternative even when they have to return out of pocket. Serving prospects in Lengthy Island, Queens and Westchester, the staff here at all Aluminum Gutters is obtainable to handle any and all gutter issues that come our way. Our seamless steel gutters have a 30 percent larger capacity than customary Okay-model choices and are precisely reduce to suit your property from the same excessive-grade steel as our siding. Gutter guards keep your yard and residence safe from undesirable pests. visit our website GutterBrush Guys, Ltd. started providing their simple, affordable, and efficient gutter protection system back in 2004 and continues to develop at a really sturdy yet responsible tempo.
The water that will get saturated on the gutter system also can cause fast mold and mildew growth during warmer months and ice during colder months. This cable isn't to be used on a flat roof nor is it meant to clear the roof of snow and ice. Heat cable is bought in quite a lot of lengths, ranging from 30 to 200 ft. Some of them can even be a variety of enjoyable! The cures are simple but a lot of people do not tackle them till it is simply too late. Gutter guard systems are made to be efficient, durable and affordable. This 12 months is totally different; you are wanting into brand new gutter installation so that you can forget concerning the rain, the leaves, and the squirrels tearing the system down, for a short while not less than. It also takes some time for them to lure and kill a large local population, often 6-8 weeks.
While the desire is typically “replacement in form,” an intelligent argument for an alternative can typically be made. From shingle roofing, flat roofing, business roofing, silver coated roofingand roofing upkeep; you can depend on our crew to handle roofing initiatives. There's a gutter cleaning instrument, its a telescope pole that fits on to a jetting machine and may clear out guttering 5metres high. The 6″ gutter can use either a 3″x4″ downspout or a spherical downspout. Use a vacuum or a vent-cleansing brush kit to provide your dryer vent tubing a superb cleaning, eliminating lint and dust that inevitably will get caught within the tubes causing a fire hazard. Within the early years the one aluminum we could use was quite thin (.019"). A couple of years later in 1995 we developed strategies that allowed us to make use of thicker material (.027" the identical material gutters are made from). These easy ideas can help make your property easier to dwell in. Blocked gutters inflicting rainwater to leak throughout the part of a property is admittedly one among the first causes of spills in basements that takes place on account of rainwater. Rain gutters are available in a number of types, colors and supplies.
We're immediate, environment friendly and normally can complete a job from initial contact to completion in 7 to 10 enterprise days or less depending on the weather. If you do not have time for gutter cleaning and messing round with unblocking down pipes, then contact an area guttering service and ask them for a free quote. They break down bushes, leaves and different kinds of organic matter; and mold is liable for a few of the foods and medicines that we've got as we speak. Be certain that your down spouts are clear and that water travels down and unfortunately there shortly from the bottom. At the very least, such leaking water could make the constructing extraordinarily chilly to the occupants. Because of this, water will not be capable of drain successfully in the end. Over time, basement walls will start to push ahead, warp, and crack. Surely there could also be a mail provider who would do this.Want to learn more: https://plus.google.com/u/0/101937270027109311173/posts/hAnCaPPpBit
Who wants to be up there on the roof line? Is there a collection service? Whichever method you're taking, ensure that you may have a bucket handy for falling debris. Like higher plants, algae make their very own food through photosynthesis. Disadvantages: Like copper, zinc is considered exotic. You may likewise be capable of get a wonderful recommendation from your local home improvement or hardware store. It's possible you'll get your activity streamlined using a plastic scoop. Spring means it’s time to get exterior and clean up the realm to get ready for brand new progress. The most effective time to repair the roof is when the Solar is shining! Not the stuff from a house middle, but a coating system specifically for historic metallic roof preservation. You should protect your roof as a result of your roof protects your home and the whole lot in it. check my source With ColorConnect®, our unique shade matching system, we provide rainware that matches, complements or contrasts with your Alside vinyl siding for a whole customized appearance.
"you know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams"
Many Oriental philosophies talk about mind, body and spirit; as they recognise that the 3 are all intrinsically connected. For the sake of this post, I’ll be mainly focussing on the mind and body.
If one tenses, the other tenses. You tighten your mind, your body will start to tense; you tighten your body, your mind will start to tense. Conversely, you relax one, the other will relax.
So when you make a mistake, or don’t perform a technique/kata/pattern the way you want to, or you get corrected by your instructor; don’t get upset about it. If you do get upset (even if its just with yourself), your mind will tense, then your body will tighten and the whole thing gets progressively more and more difficult. I have one student in particular who gets exasperated with himself every time I correct him. It’s not that he resents the correction in any way, he very desperately wants to get it right and his frustration is aimed at himself (rather than me)! Then it becomes even more difficult.
You have to try to the best of your ability to do it right, but when you don’t, you have to learn how not to give a sh . . . . damn!
You should care about getting it right and doing it as well as you can, but don’t care about the fact that you’ve made a mistake. Just use the mistake as a learning experience to help you get it better next time. By not caring that you’ve made a mistake, you don’t tense the mind, hence you don’t tense the body!
Not caring that you’ve made a mistake, is not the same as not wanting to get it right. It’s not the same as just giving in and stop trying. It’s not same as not giving your best effort to get right. It’s just a state of acceptance that you’ve made a mistake. And acceptance is a very important life skill!
The more you emotionally resist any situation in your life (be it martial arts training, your job, relationship, where you live, how much you earn, whatever) the more you drain your mental capacity to do something about it!
Read that last sentence again; the more you emotionally resist any situation in your life, the more you drain your mental capacity to do something about it!
Emotional resistance (non acceptance) to any life situation is stress – one of the worst diseases of the modern world. Simply “accepting what is”, is a very simple concept but can be very hard to apply.
Now just to clarify, I’m not suggesting that you simply accept a given situation, (or failure to perform a technique correctly) for the rest of life; I’m saying that you accept that this is the situation NOW, at this present moment in time. Simply accepting current circumstances (your situation/your life/your job/your relationship/the mistake you’ve made in training) suddenly removes all the stress from your life. With all the stress removed, you now have much more mental capacity to deal with the situation and put it right.
Simple isn’t it? Well, it’s a simple concept, but can be hard to apply! Like anything else, it can take practice, but it can be very rewarding when you do.
Now I want to look at 3 different paradigms for getting what you want: (don’t worry all will become clear):
Neuro Linguistic Programming: Developed as an approach to communication, personal development and psychotherapy in the 1970s. One of it’s key principles is focusing all your minds attention on what you really want. For example, you want to give up smoking? If you focus on giving up smoking, you are always thinking about smoking! Giving up smoking is not what you ultimately want; you ultimately want to be healthier. Giving up smoking is the means to that end, so focus your mind on being healthier.
Religion: Most religions tell you to pray for what you want. Basically, you ask God to give it to you! The Bible actually says (and I paraphrase), pray for what you want, then feel gratitude for it as if you already have it.
New Age/Spiritual/Zen: New age/spiritual people often talk about sending their energy to a given subject/situation. They also often talk about The Law Of Attraction, which means that you attract more into your life of what you habitually think about! Or as some would say, whatever the state of your energy/vibration, you attract circumstances into your life of a similar energy/vibration.
Now I’m not going to argue that any paradigm is better or more valid then any other (and I’ll ask that you don’t either please as I don’t want distracting arguments). But when it comes down to it, they are basically saying the same thing. Being in the “vibration” of what you want to attract is the same as being “grateful” as if you already have what you have prayed for. It’s also the same as focusing your mind on what you really do want rather than what you don’t want.
So back to the accepting what is (your current situation). None of the above paradigms tell you to feel bad about what you don’t have or can’t do! It’s all about feeling good! It’s all about being in a state of gratitude, or the vibration of what you want to achieve/have or purposefully focusing your mind on what we want rather than don’t want.
So every major philosophy for self development/betterment is basically saying the same thing, though using a different paradigm to explain it.
So going back to the original topic of not giving a damn when you make a mistake in training; if you do get frustrated you take yourself out of that state of gratitude and you focus you mind on what you do NOT want. To put it right stay in the vibration of grateful as if you can already do it!
A famous experiment was conducted years ago. Three groups of people tried shooting balls through a basket ball hoop and the scores recorded. One group did nothing more, one group practiced and the third group did not practice but simply visualised shooting the baskets. Then try were retested. Now I can’t remember the exact figures but it was something like this. The group that didn’t practice made no improvement. The group that practiced improved about 25%. The group that didn’t practice at all but visualised, improved by about 24%.
That is amazing when you think about it. The most important factor towards the improvement was simply the focusing of the mind on the desired outcome. Remember, mind, body and spirit are linked!
Now the group that visualised, did not visualise missing. As they visualised scoring, they would feel the joy (vibration/gratitude) of succeeding. And putting themselves in that positive mental state gave the results. That’s why I say, “accept what is”, and release the emotional resistance/stress; and like the visualising group, your mind is freer to find a solution.
This is why when I teach Midsomer Norton Karate classes, I never tell students of for making a mistake. Maybe for lack of effort, but never for making a mistake. I will give constructive feedback and encouragement, but never a telling off!
All persons depicted herein were at least 18 years or older at the time of production. All Rights Reserved
In loving memory of/ANGUS MACMILLAN /Balgown/who died 24th June 1937/aged 67 years/his wife/PEGGY MACPHERSON/who died 24th Feb. 1950/aged 80 years/their daughter MORAG/1907-1961/her son/IAIN MACPHERSON/1937-1959.
In loving memory of/my beloved husband/ALEXANDER GRANT/who died at/Lonemore, Dunvegan, Skye/22nd March 1964 aged 77 years/also his wife/CHRISTINA MACASKILL/who died 14th July 1971 aged 85 years.
I think that Alexander Grant was my Great uncle since I believe that he was the uncle of my father, Malcom Grant Campbell. He was known as Sandy Grant to our family and if I am correct he had two brothers, Hugh and Donald Grant both of whom I met as a child when our family used to holiday in Skye.
siteLevel's technical infrastructure is reliable and suited to meet the needs of mission critical applications.
High-Grade Servers - siteLevel runs on a cluster of high-powered unix servers, offering both speed and reliability.
Redundant Storage - siteLevel's data is housed on RAID storage units, for optimal performance and real-time redundancy.
State-of-the-Art ISP - siteLevel's servers are connected to the Internet with a state-of-the-art Internet service provider offering a multi-fiber network, a climate-controlled environment, and facility-wide redundant power, capable of running indefinitely on diesel fuel.
I haven’t had a K2 sponsor of SLAMMJAMM since 2003, good to see that this company once again wants to invest some love back into our community. Check out there new aggressive skates the NATURAL & FRONT STREET “HERE”
So I get asked this so many times on the run-up to SLAMMJAMM, where are we partying afterwards!!!! This year after a two year rest I’ve taken the option to bring us closer into the ever changing Liverpool city, and do our celebrating at theMERCHANT on Slater St which just
To have Two Masters under the roof as part of The RJT LEAGACY SESSION will be amazing. Not one to be missed this session, Chaz Sands and Albert Hooi rock out on the BOOMBOX in the Yard. ALBERT HOOI X THE BOOTED from Albert Hooi on Vimeo.
The 7toSmoke Invitational will take place around 6.00pm on Saturday 14th OCT 2017. The 8 invites (Wait did I say eight???) will battle for the title, to understand whats going on you best be there to witness it or have a friend on the FB Live in the YARD.
1997 was a good year, Pokemon was born, A Probe lands on Mars, We stamp the Origins of man born in Motherland Africa, and Titanic is a box office smash (I’ll never let go Jack, I’ll never let go”). Some of you reading this might not have even been born yet but
So the first of our supporters for the “END of an ERA” is none other than NOODLEBRAIN APPAREL. Straight off the bat they were on board to support the SJXVII and this year will be gracing theGATHERING with a trade stall. Here’s what to look forward to on the 14th
Calling all the BLADIES out there in the NATION FOUR, were you at??? Since registration opened on the 1st Sept 2017 there has been a gradual stem of registrations for the SJ17 Battle Royale Open session, (by the way Registration Close’s on 8th OCT) we have noticed not many
“THE END OF AN ERA, BEGINNING OF THE FUTURE” Two+ years have elapsed since the last SLAMMJAMM, two years + of not following the blade community daily like an addict and working the few hrs I have on weekdays and weekends year after year to develop
The UK ROLLING AWARDS 2014 presentation took place on the evening of Saturday 11th Oct at SLAMMJAMM XVI as part of the official winners / awards ceremony. Once again those who travelled to SJXVI gathered to honor and celebrate the achievements past and present of our rolling
On my flight down to San Francisco this past weekend, I was reading an interesting article all about how most married couples could not fathom the concept of working together day in and day out. As I read it I had to chuckle as my husband and I have successfully ran a business together every day for the past ten years and have grown closer and have been able to build a stronger business because of our partnership.
Although we are married there are certain principles we follow that have helped us to shape a strong, productive professional partnership that hasn’t broken down despite the immense amount of challenges we have faced. These six signs of great partnerships have become very apparent to me over the past few years and I hope they help you become a better partner to your partner (whether spouse or otherwise).
They trust each other: When Dan makes a plan, I trust that he has my best interests at heart and that he has the capacity to do a great job inside his role without my interference. I don’t second-guess his choices nor question every move that he makes.
The respect each other: I don’t tell him how to do his job (unless I can share some helpful input) and he doesn’t tell me how to do my job. I verbally honor him in front of our colleagues and regularly express my gratitude to him for what he brings to the partnership.
They give each other the freedom to mess up: Neither of us is perfect and both of us have made some big mistakes in the history of running our business but we are committed to letting the mistakes stay in the past and to not let them interfere with the organization’s future. We don’t blame, judge or criticize but work together to pick up the pieces and move forward.
They play to their strengths. I don’t try to do his job and he doesn’t try to do mine. We give each other lots of space and don’t attempt to manage each other. I accept who he is and the limitations he has as a leader and he does the same for me. We meet in the middle and work as a unit instead of looking at it like a who-is-the-best contest.
They are honest with each other: Because we trust each other, we can be honest with each other when it comes to making difficult decisions. We share our doubts, fears and apprehensions with each other and don’t worry about looking weak. The communication is open and we both accept that sometimes we may see things differently and have the permission to talk about it.
business, better business bureau, chinaontv video business culture travel live chinese, business for sale, business cards, entertainment news business office manager, home business employment internet business invention jobs, home business, small business america, uk business news
The cost of selling Apple’s iPhone may outweigh the benefits as the world’s largest cellphone company reports full earnings
VODAFONE Group will today give investors a sign of whether the cost of selling Apple’s iPhone is outweighing the benefits when the world’s largest cellphone company reports full-year earnings.
Verizon Wireless, the US venture in which Vodafone owns a 45% stake, may have paid as much as $880m in upfront subsidies from selling 2,2-million iPhones in February and March, based on UBS analyst John Hodulik’s estimate for a subsidy of $400 per device. That would be more than $15m a day.
The cost of marketing the iPhone, which Vodafone will quantify, shows the balance phone companies have to strike when selling the latest smartphone to drive up data sales. Vodafone, based at Newbury in the UK, said in February its full-year operating profit forecast excludes the iPhone effect.
"To my mind the jury is out on whether these things create extra value for the operators," said Steve Malcolm, an analyst at Evolution Securities in London who has a "reduce" rating on Vodafone shares. "There is no question they create extra value for Apple."
item_desc Microsoft Dynamics Consultant - Greater London - £420 - £450 per day I am currently recruiting for a well-known organisation in Greater London who are looking to bring in a contract Dynamics Consultant to help their system upgrade to Dynamics 365. You will be working with an external partner in this project as well as a team on site in their office. To be considered for this position you will need to have experience with the following: Strong experience with Microsoft Dynamics 2016 + 365 Experience of CRM Deployment Knowledge of custom plugins - .NET + JavaScript Integration experience with SQL Server (SSIS) Proven experience with CRM Migration projects Experience with working with external customers This opportunity will initially be drawn up for 3 months but has scope to be extended multiple times. ...
First-rate White Bedroom Set Why Furniture Are So Preferred Queen Full King Canada Twin Size Ikea Ashley is one of our best images of First-rate White Bedroom Set and its resolution ispixels. Find out our other images similar to this First-rate White Bedroom Set Why Furniture Are So Preferred Queen Full King Canada Twin Size Ikea Ashley at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about First-rate White Bedroom Set, you could use search box at the top of this page.
Find a new car near Charleston, WV on YaSabe. Use our website to find new cars and get new car prices. You can also choose from any of the following links to help in your search for a new car.
Spend less cash for a better car with a used car near Charleston, WV. Browse used cars and dealers near Charleston, WV on YaSabe. Narrow your search criteria to find the right car for you. Read about different car models and compare cars side by side.
Search millions of cars to find the best used car near Charleston, WV, new car near Charleston, WV or certified car near Charleston, WV for you. From private sellers to dealers, your gateway to the car you need and want is a button away. Shop from your entire range of options with one search.
Find a new car near Makawao, HI on YaSabe. Use our website to find new cars and get new car prices. You can also choose from any of the following links to help in your search for a new car.
Spend less cash for a better car with a used car near Makawao, HI. Browse used cars and dealers near Makawao, HI on YaSabe. Narrow your search criteria to find the right car for you. Read about different car models and compare cars side by side.
Search millions of cars to find the best used car near Makawao, HI, new car near Makawao, HI or certified car near Makawao, HI for you. From private sellers to dealers, your gateway to the car you need and want is a button away. Shop from your entire range of options with one search.
Top categories: Attorneys in Makawao | Car Repair in Makawao | Dentists in Makawao | Employment Agencies in Makawao | Jobs in Makawao | Jobs in Spanish in Makawao | Cleaning Jobs in Makawao | Landscaping Jobs in Makawao | Cell Phones in Makawao | Auto Insurance in Makawao | Cheap Cars in Makawao | Cheap Used Cars in Makawao | Used Cars in Makawao | More Cars, Jobs and Coupons in Makawao
At Shipping Cars and Vehicles, we are committed to ensure that shipping cars from the USA to Africa is a smooth process. Equipped with years of experience in the shipping industry, the company is known to provide cost-efficient and reliable shipping services. The staff at Shipping Cars and Vehicle is comprehensively trained to take utmost care of your vehicle while… Continue reading →
An “A” class customer experience that is what the main motto of BuyFi is? BuyFi also teams up with the small and medium sized retail businesses by getting them registered. The best part of BuyFi is that it bridges the gap between local retailers and the local residents.
· Before placing an order the customer has the advantage of chatting with the prospective sellers. This little interaction definitely builds a comfort zone between the two parties.
· Buyers can get price quotations from the different retailers and that would help them to compare the prices and then to conclude buying.
· The privacy of the customer (in respect of their address and location and phone number) is well taken care of. Because the app does not display any of these information to the retailers.
· Ease of return is another milestone in case of BuyFi. As it involves the trading between the parties who stay in a particular local vicinity.
Well, the reason is simple. It has tried to incorporate all the necessities a customer can look for while thinking of buying any product. Starting from building relationship with the sellers, comparing the prices to gaining a satisfactory buying experience, a BuyFi user can get them all in just one app, and that makes BuyFi an epitome of awesomeness.
If anyone want to buy any product or to avail any service from your local market now it is easy to find and buy!
Here comes BUYFI an local price comparison platform to find your required products from our near local market. download the app and save time.
Indian Human Hair Extensions Wholesale Factory Mary On Ventures in India is a wholesale human hair extensions manufacturer and exporter from Chennai, India.
Hair from single head’ ensures the heads and tails are aligned in one direction thus giving a remy and cuticle intact hair.
We don’t process hair for their pattern and our curly/wavy/straight patterns are absolutely natural.
We, Buy Indian Virgin Hair , deals with raw - unprocessed temple indian human hair for about four decades. We are one among the most renowned company indulged in manufacturing and exporting the best-in-class Temple Human Hair. Being a quality focused company, we use 100% natural hair sourced from various south indian temples and trusted vendors in the market. we believe in team work, as a result our successful team of hair experts and quality professionals work closely for the best outcome. Owing to our fair & ethical business policy, we have expanded our venture in exporting natural indian Human hair to various markets like U.K, U.S.A and Africa. Moreover, Being a reputed company, our shipment done in a promised time..
Is to satisfy our clients with finer quality of natural Indian hair extensions To look even more pretty and gorgeous Add on magnificence One stop for all your hair needs
Significance of Mary on venture is to supply high quality indian natural human hair. We hold on to high grade raw materials and modern machines, in compliance with the set industry norms and guidelines. We ensures the product’s finishing, uniform strands, perfect texture and its tangle free in nature. In addition to this, to provide a highly standardized range to our clients, we process the hair for several quality examinations, where all manufacturing defects are eliminated and corrected.
Contact us to us official wats app number - +917401309002 or send an email to : BUYINDIANVIRGINHAIR@GMAIL.COM for immediate shipment of our natural hair extensions on time. Ping me or email me 24/7 for enquiry.
The roof is exactly what separates your and you also home through the elements always. This is certainly good reason why it is so important for you to maintain it properly. A lot of homeowners neglect their roofs until it really is too far gone. Use the following advice to take care of your homes roof remains in a fit condition for years.
Mow your lawn ahead of using a contractor involves remove the roof.This may ensure he could find any nails easily. Should your grass is freshly trimmed, your contractor could have a nail finder, which job will likely go faster.
Don't make an effort to fix your roof in inclement weather. A slippery or wet roof can lead you to fall and seriously injure yourself.If you're making roof repairs, ensure that you get it done during dry and sunny days.
Mow your lawn your day before your homes roof. If dropped, this helps make things much easier to find. If he has a magnetic tool for locating nails, short grass is likely to make things less difficult.
Mow your lawn before using a contractor work towards the roof is replaced. This will ensure he could find any nails easily. It can work most effectively with the short grass if they bring a kind of magnetic nail finder.
Upon having your potential contractors list narrowed down, be sure you ask about the provided warranties of each company. You want a warranty that may last for around three or more years. The warranty should deal with poor work and defective materials, and they also must also supply you with copies of the manufacturer warranties too.
Age your roof is the main factor in determining whether it must be replaced. Most roofs simply have a lifespan of about 20 years. You're going to have to have it replaced once it's two decades old when you installed the roof above an old one.
Speak with your roofer and learn what warranties they supply for their warranty. Some companies may present you with better warranty options than others. This ensures there shouldn't be any disagreements about the relation to the estimate or warranty at a later time.
Get references for just about any roofing contractor you are considering hiring. A sincere company will be glad to provide his references to you. If they're reluctant to do this, look elsewhere. This is a sure symbol of issues across the work isn't likely to go as planned usually.
Prior to getting help, get several quotes from different contractors. Some contractors want to take advantage of unsuspecting consumers. To avoid rip-offs, be sure you compare fair market prices and understand what you're entering into first.
Don't automatically conclude that a whole new roof. Call a roofer and allow them to inspect it prior to deciding to invest any money.
The type of material used could be recycled plus they are 100% recyclableYou can also reduce the volume of debris you have to get rid of by installing a roof over your existing shingles.
It can be really dangerous to climb on a roof. Roofs aren't developed for human traffic. Marco Island Roofing Contractors Wear shoes with rubber soles to prevent slipping. A harness must also strongly encouraged.
Don't spend the money for full to your click here roof before installation. Many conniving contractors demand full payment.
Always check the fitness of roofing materials that are being used to repair or replace your homes roof for possible defects. Ensure that you're watching what you're doing in any way stages of your work.
Be sure to wear shoes have rubber soles. Walking around your roof is dangerous. The improved traction provided by the rubber soled footwear can make falls not as likely and make walking on the roof easier. A roof can prove rather slippery. It can be difficult to stay sure footed with no proper preparation.
You ought to now feel confident about producing wise roofing decisions. Now you must the info needed to take proper care of your roof. Treat your roof right and it'll protect you for many years to come!
We think you have liked this presentation. If you wish to download it, please recommend it to your friends in any social system. Share buttons are a little bit lower. Thank you!
5.	When you get drunk, you can tell everyone that you are just researching the law of diminishing marginal utility.
4.	You can talk about money without having to make any. 3.	You can say “trickle down” with a straight face.
2.	When you are in the unemployment line, at least you know why you are there. 1.	If you rearrange the letters in ECONOMICS, you get COMIC NOSE.
The interrelationship between AS and AD is captured in the circular flow diagram. AS (production by firms) creates output and income, and hence AD (the potential demand to buy that output.
The AS/AD model separates long-run aggregate supply from short-run aggregate demand forces. Demand-side policies (monetary and fiscal policy) shift the AD curve. Supply-side policies work by increasing potential output.
Politicians are not constrained by models. They can, and do, often emphasize different interconnections.
Six assumptions of the AS/AD model lead to problems with fiscal policy: Financing the deficit has no offsetting effects. The government knows what the situation is. The government knows potential income. The government has flexibility in changing spending and taxes. The size of the government debt doesn’t matter. Fiscal policy doesn’t negatively affect other goals.
Some economists believe that government financing of deficit spending offsets the deficit’s expansionary effect. They believe that government borrowing increases interest rates and crowds out private investment.
Crowding out – the offsetting of a change in government expenditures by a change in private expenditures in the opposite direction.
Some economists argue that the effect of government expenditures is negative. They consider private spending to be more productive than government spending.
Crowding out also works in reverse in contractionary fiscal policy. When the government runs a surplus, it buys back bonds. Interest rates will drop, stimulating investment.
Data problems limit the use of fiscal policy for fine tuning. Getting reliable numbers on the economy takes time. We may be in the middle of a recession and not know it.
The government has large econometric models and leading indicators to predict where the economy will be in the near future. Economic forecasting is still very much an art and not a science.
No one knows for sure the level of potential income. Potential income has been called the full-employment level of income.
In most cases, the U.S. economy is in an ambiguous state. Some economists will call for expansionary policy and others call for contractionary policy.
Putting fiscal policy into place takes time and has serious implementation problems. Numerous political and institutional realities in the U.S. today make it a difficult task to implement fiscal policy.
Squabbles between Congress and the President may delay implementing appropriate fiscal policy for months, even years.
These is no inherent reason why the adoption of activists policies should have caused high government deficits year after year.
Activist policy has led to an increase in government debt because: Early activists favored large increases in government spending as well as favoring the government's using fiscal policy. Politically, it is much easier for government to increase spending and decrease taxes than vice versa.
If one believes that debt is harmful, then there might be a reason not to conduct expansionary fiscal policy, even when the model calls for it.
An economy has many goals – achieving potential income is only one of those goals National economic goals often conflict.
While the six problems listed above do not necessarily eliminate fiscal policy altogether, they severely restrict it. Fiscal policy is a sledgehammer, not an instrument for fine-tuning.
Supply Side policies. Supply side policies aim to… Improve the efficiency of factor markets, to boost productivity and hence the overall capacity of the.
POLITICS, DEFICITS, AND DEBT Deficits. Laugher Curve When Albert Einstein died, he met three New Zealanders in the queue outside the pearly gates. To.
Fiscal Policy CHAPTER 32 C H A P T E R C H E C K L I S T When you have completed your study of this chapter, you will be able to 1 Describe the federal.
Ch. 14: Fiscal Policy Federal budget process and recent history of outlays, tax revenues, deficits, and debts Supply-Side Economics Controversies on effects.
Presentation on theme: "State College Community Land Trust Building Community Through Home Ownership."— Presentation transcript:
2 THE REALITIES OF THE MARKETPLACE Many low and modest income jobs are in town Families with low and modest incomes benefit from living near their work In-town real estate is expensive and getting more so each year Urban home ownership decreases as rental housing increases
5 WHAT IS A COMMUNITY LAND TRUST? Private, nonprofit, community-based organization Governed by board representative of community interests For example, our board consists of: – – One-third CLT homeowners – – One-third community representatives – – One-third public representatives 5
6 KEY OBJECTIVES OF COMMUNITY LAND TRUSTS Provide access to housing for people who are otherwise denied 6 Preserve neighborhood resources Empower residents through involvement and participation in the organization Preserve the affordability of housing permanently
7 Acquires properties through donation or purchase Separates ownership of the land from the home – – CLT retains ownership of the land – – Homeowner purchases and owns the home – – CLT leases land to homeowner under a 99- year lease 7 HOW DOES A CLT WORK?
8 STATE COLLEGE COMMUNITY LAND TRUST (SCCLT) Formed in 1996 at the request of State College Borough Focus is on buying, rehabilitating, and selling houses SC Borough provides HUD money to SCCLT for purchases 8 Member of the National Community Land Trust Network One of three CLTs in Pennsylvania
9 MISSION OF SCCLT The SCCLT supports vibrant neighborhoods by creating and maintaining sustainable housing opportunities for families and individuals who value living in the Borough of State College. 9
10 10 College Heights Highlands State College South Tusseyview Greentree Holmes-Foster SCCLT SINCE 1996 Over 30 households have become homeowners for the first time These homes are located throughout the Borough
12 HOW DOES THE SCCLT WORK? 12 SCCLT retains deed to the land Market and sell house (aka “improvements”) to an income-qualified buyer Lease the land to the homeowner at nominal fee Homeowner responsible for taxes and maintenance of house and land Homeowner and SCCLT share in equity upon resale
13 When possible, rehab uses environmentally friendly materials All replacement appliances are Energy Star™ models SCCLT GREEN INITIATIVE 13 Installation of low flow faucets, shower heads and toilets All houses receive an energy audit Actively seeking grants for energy efficient rehab
14 HOW DOES SCCLT KEEP THE HOME PERMANENTLY AFFORDABLE? Homeowner(s) agree to share with future homeowners the affordability that was created for them Seller is allowed to receive price reflective of the value invested in the property Selling price is limited to preserve affordability to the next buyer House is re-sold to a SCCLT qualified buyer SCCLT has first refusal to purchase the house back from the homeowner Benefits of home ownership are preserved for future generations 14
15 HOW DOES THE BOROUGH BENEFIT? Residential neighborhoods are preserved Older deteriorating homes are rehabilitated and given new life Young families move into the Borough Brings workers closer to their jobs and students closer to their schools 15
17 HOW DOES THE HOMEBUYER BENEFIT FROM SCCLT? Makes first-time home purchase affordable Advantages of an excellent support system – – Free legal assistance at closing – – Home has been rehabilitated – – SCCLT provides a free energy audit of the house – – Free financial counseling Social benefits – – Join a group of fellow homeowners – – Help others become first-time homeowners – – Participate in SCCLT social activities Practical benefits – – Freedom from rent – – Build equity for the future – – Personal pride in helping to sustain the community 17
18 HOW CAN YOU HELP? Sell or donate your house to the SCCLT Become a member Volunteer Donate Spread the word! 18
19 19 This presentation represents the collaborative efforts of many involved with the State College Community Land Trust. A sincere thank you to all those who had a hand in creating this presentation, among whom are: The Market/Outreach committee The Board of Directors and the Executive Director The Planning Office of the Borough of State College Research and script development.....Bob Leonard Graphic design.....John Hiester
1 Green Retrofit Program for Multifamily Housing HUDs Office of Affordable Housing Preservation (OAHP) IPED June, 2009.
1 The Development Process An Overview Forming the development concept Forming the development concept Evaluating your capacity and the needs of your community.
Delaware State Housing Authority FY 15 Joint Committee On Capital Improvement Public Hearing February 11, 2014 Delaware State Housing Authority 18 The.
American Planning Association 2007 National Planning Excellence Award for Innovation in Neighborhood Planning in honor of Jane Jacobs.
Virginia Housing Coalition 2013 Housing Credit Conference Deal Structuring, Fundamentals, and Financing and Legal Issues.
David Rodgers Executive Director CDS Co-operatives ICA Housing - President All Party Group on Co-operatives and Mutuals 9 May 2012 Northern Ireland Assembly,
tables.googlelabs.com “… focus is on fusing data management and collaboration: merging multiple data sources, discussion of the data, querying, visualization, and Web publishing.” “The power of data is truly harnessed when you combine data from multiple sources. Fusion Tables enables you to fuse multiple sets of data when they are about the same entities. In database speak, we call this a join on a primary key but the data originates from multiple independent sources.” Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
Semantics of NULL “unknown” There is a value, but I do not know it. E.g.: Unknown date-of-birth “not applicable” There is no meaningful value. E.g.: Spouse for singles “withheld” There is a value, but we are not authorized to see it. E.g.: Private phone line Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
What else is there? Consistent Query Answering Avoid conflicts and report only certain tuples Those that appear in every repair [FFM05] “Possible worlds” models Build all possible solutions, annotated with likelihood Yes/No/Maybe [DeM89] Probability value [LSS94] Probabilistic databases [SD05] Extend algebra to produce probabilities Extend query language to query and export probabilities Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
52 Intuitions Data sources are of different quality and we trust data from accurate sources more Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
53 Intuitions Data sources are of different quality and we trust data from accurate sources more Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
55 Intuitions Data sources are of different quality and we trust data from accurate sources more The real world is dynamic and the true value often evolves over time E.g., person affiliation, business contact phone Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
56 Intuitions Data sources are of different quality and we trust data from accurate sources more The real world is dynamic and the true value often evolves over time E.g., person affiliation, business contact phone Data sources can copy from each other and errors can be propagated quickly Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
Consider accuracy of sources Consider freshness of sources Consider dependence between sources Data sources are of different quality and we trust data from accurate sources more The real world is dynamic and the true value often evolves over time E.g., person affiliation, business contact phone Data sources can copy from each other and errors can be propagated quickly Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
Considering accuracy can often improve truth discovery S1 S2 S3 Stonebraker MIT Berkeley Dewitt MSR UWisc Bernstein Carey UCI AT&T BEA Halevy Google UW (American short-story Writer and Novelist, Nobel Prize for Literature in 1949, ) S1 is more accurate; trusting it more can help find the correct affiliation for Carey
Properties A value provided by more accurate sources has a higher probability to be true Assuming uniform accuracy, a value provided by more sources has a higher probability to be true Source accuracy Source trustworthy Value confidence Value probability Consider value similarity Continue until source accuracy converges
Fresh ness Cove rage Exact ness How many transitions are captured How many transitions are not mis-captured How quickly transitions are captured Mis-capturable Dewitt S Ѳ(2000) 2008 2003 2005 2007 UWisc MSR UW  Capturable Mis-captured Exactness = 1-#Mis-Captured/#Mis-Capturable (e.g., 1-2/5=.6) Captured Coverage = #Captured/#Capturable (e.g., ¼=.25) Freshness() = #(Captured w. length<=)/#Captured (e.g., F(0)=0, F(1)=0, F(2)=1/1=1…)
10 sources voting for an object Count =? How to compute vote count? Count =? 1 S4 .4 1 .7 3 S2 2 S5 S6 S3 S1 S7 S8 Count=? How to detect copying? S9 S10
Fresh ness Cove rage Exact ness Challenge 3: Source profiling Current effort: accuracy (coverage, exactness, freshness) Data properties can be different for different categories of data Source A is a vertical source on restaurants Source B knows very well about NYC Data properties can evolve over time Source C improves its data over time Directions: partition data into different portions and profile on each portion Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
Challenge 9: Fuse data w. different schemas E.g., Contact information from three sources S1: (pid = “1”, work phone = “1234”, home phone = “8765”, mobile phone = “4321”) S2: (pid = “1”, daytime phone = “1234”, evening phone = “4321”) S3: (pid = “1”, phone = “4321”) Directions: Combine data fusion w. schema matching Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
B: are different businesses sharing the same phone# C: are different businesses, only one with correct phone# 102 Data Fusion | VLDB 2009 Tutorial | Luna Dong & Felix Naumann
Do use this template for a list of do’s and don't’s. Don’t forget to update the text to your own content. Do keep the text short and to the point. Prev Tip Next Tip
Do use this template for a list of do’s and don't’s. Don’t forget to update the text to your own content. Don’t hesitate to change fonts or colors to make this template your own. Do keep the text short and to the point. Prev Tip Finish
- 640 x x (PRESENTER AREA) Subject Name Presenter: Firstname Surname subtitles Choose one presenter view you like and delete other presenter.
2. MPF and the discovery of CDKs 3. CDK regulation of mitotic entry and exit 4. Regulation of G1-S 5. DNA replication control 6. Cell cycle checkpoints 7. Discussion of papers
2. Logic of cell cycle circuitry and switches 3. Experimental approaches Many topics we have no time to cover, or will cover in little detail: chromosome dynamics, cytokinesis, centriole replication, cancer cell cycles, developmental/alternative cell cycles, checkpoints, DNA replication mechanisms, meiotic cell cycle, growth control
1830’s Schleiden & Schwann organisms are made of cells 1850’s Schultze cytosol (protoplasm) and nucleus defined as separate entities in animal and plant cells 1850’s Remak and Virchow omnis cellula e cellula --all cells come from other cells 1880’s Fleming and Strasburger mitosis (chromosomes look like threads) 1950’s Stages of cell cycle are defined DNA replication as a discrete event (S phase) 1960’s Continuous and discontinuous events RNA synthesis, protein synthesis, cell growth--continuous DNA synthesis, Mitosis--discontinuous
G1 S G2 Mitosis Interphase 1 2 G1 M G2 S Relative Amount time Protein RNA DNA Mass/Size Restriction Point S phase and Mitosis are defined by processes G1 and G2 (gap phases) are defined by timing G1 (and G2?) can be split into more meaningful sub-stages by molecular and physiological criteria: Restriction Point in mammalian tissue culture cells defined by serum sensitivity
Mitosis is subdivided into different stages Mitosis involves the formation of a mitotic spindle with all the chromosomes properly aligned (A-D), followed by mitotic exit where sister chromosomes are separated, a cleavage furrow forms, nuclear envelope re-forms, and chromosomes decondense.
The cell cycle can be broken into subcycles whose relationships change in different cell types and under different circumstances Timing in a typical somatic cell: 1. DNA replication S phase 2. Centrosome duplication (microtubule organizing center) S phase 3. Nuclear Division (karyokinesis) Mitosis 4. Cell Division (cytokinesis) Mitosis 5. Cell Growth Throughout In a typical somatic cell 1-5 are all regulated and coupled
Cell Cycle States are Regulated: nucleocytoplasmic ratio controls replication II. (Sudbery and Grant, 1976) Physarum (slime mold) Starved plasmodium no growth, no DNA replication UV irradiate ~50% of nuclei inactivated Remaining nuclei replicate and divide until nucleo-cytoplasmic ratio is restored
Properties of Xenopus system: Cell free extracts can cycle between S phase and Mitosis Extracts can be manipulated to effect a mitotic arrest: chelate calcium > stabilize cytostatic factor (CSF) Feedback controls/checkpoints are missing* -extracts can cycle without nuclei G1 regulation is absent Most components needed to drive cell cycle are already present in the cytoplasm to support rapid embryonic cell cycles No transcription necessary. Only a single protein needs to be translated to drive the cell cycle forward. If enough nuclei are added then feedback regulation and G1 intervals appear.
Serial injections can be repeated indefinitely until original source of MPF is diluted away Yoshio Masui and co-workers MPF activity fluctuates and is present in both oocytes and fertilized embryos Tim Hunt and co-workers Cyclin synthesis and abrubt degradation mirrors rise and fall of MPF activity
Lohka and Maller Stabilize MPF in vitro from Xenopus extracts and fractionate: MPF has two components 32 kd and 45 kd; MPF posseses kinase activity 45 kd protein = cyclin B Kinase activity only present when both subunits are present Several groups: Murray and Kirschner Take cell free extract and RNase treat to destroy all endogenous mRNAs Inactivate RNase with inhibitor and add no RNA or cyclin mRNA activate extract to induce interphase and add sperm nuclei Part I MPF appears to have a kinase activity--is this rigorous proof? Could it be other proteins in the prep? Histone H1 is a good in vitro substrate for CDKs, often used to assay CDK activity
Murray and Kirschner ∆13 equiv. to wt cyclin B ∆90=nondegradable cyclin missing destruction box Cyclin synthesis drives activation of MPF Cyclin destruction is required to inactivate MPF and drive cells into interphase MPF is required for cyclin destruction Oscillator behavior of cell cycle is explained: cyclin MPF Part I--what does panel b show, what about panel c? PartII-what is paradoxical about this result? Part III-In lower panel the cells enter anaphase but the chromosomes remain condensed, suggesting high mitotic activity. What does this suggest about regulation of anaphase? Cyclin destruction is NOT required to initiate anaphase
Hartwell and colleagues, Nurse and colleagues budding yeast	fission yeast G1-S blocked cdc mutant Why did Hartwell and Nurse look for temperature sensitive mutants? Would you expect most ts lethal mutants to have a cdc block? cdc28 (budding yeast) has two arrest points pre-S phase, and pre-M cdc2 (fission yeast) shows arrest at G2/M, but also has dominant alleles that give a wee phenotype phenotypes suggest that these two cdcs have a critical role in cell cycle regulation mitotic cdc mutant
budding yeast CDC28 = fission yeast cdc2 = Xenopus MPF 32kd subunit aka CDK1 budding yeast daf1/whi1 = a cyclin (later renamed Cln3) fission yeast cdc13 = a B-type cyclin homolog Key enzyme for cell cycle regulation is now defined as a cyclin dependent kinase complex (CDK) composed of a catalytic kinase subunit and a cyclin that activates the kinase Since then things got more complicated: Multiple CDKs, Multiple cyclins and Interacting proteins discovered All eukaryotes use the same set of proteins for cell cycle regulation with some species specific variation 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine given to Tim Hunt, Lee Hartwell, and Paul Nurse for their pioneering work in cell cycle regulation
Somatic cells and yeasts have a G1 period with low CDK activity Somatic cells and yeasts have multiple cyclins or CDKs that control progression through G1, S phase and mitosis Somatic cells and yeasts have feedback controls that gate each transition to ensure proper completion of previous events
Activation by cyclin binding Activation by phosphorylation (CAK) Activation by dephosphorylation (CDC25, Cdi1) Activation by destruction of inhibitor (Skp1-Cullin-F box complex aka SCF) Inactivation by cyclin destruction (Anaphase Promoting Complex/Cyclosome aka APC/C) Inactivation by phosphorylation (Wee1) Inactivation by inhibitory binding proteins (KIP/CIP/WAF/KRP and INK) Substrate specificity (CDK-cyclin combinations) Subcellular localization CDK abundance usually not regulated
CDK Thr160 +cyclin T loop flattened. Phospho T160 forms stabilizing interactions that optimize binding site With substrate peptide SPXK-containing peptide fits into pocket and interacts with T loop, including Phospho T160.
inactive active We won’t talk about much about mitotic CDK substrates, but they are obviously very important. What criteria would you use to establish that a protein is a substrate for a mitotic CDK? -phosphorylated in mitosis -can be phosphorylated by highly purified or recombinant mitotic CDK in vitro on same sites as in vivo -Loss of in vivo phosphorylation when kinase is inhibited or knocked down Very hard to prove conclusively Loop leads to explosive auto-activation of CDK once its activity rises above a certain threshold What are the substrates CDK1-cyclin B that lead to mitotic entry and progression? Cdc25, Histone H1, lamins, cyclin B and many more
APC/C is a E3 specificity factor for ubiquitin ligase pathway examples: B cyclin Cdc20 Cdc20 + + or Pds1 or Cin8 Hct1 activator and specificity factor RXXL destruction (D) box- containing substrates Cdc20, Hct1 (Cdh1) KEN-box substrates Hct1 only core complex KEN RXXL How would you show that a destruction box is necessary and sufficient to target a protein for degradation? -delete and stabilize protein -move to heterologous protein and confer mitotic instability Cdc20 was isolated as a cdc mutant. What is its arrest phenotype? Targeting by APC/C leads to rapid degradation by the 20S proteasome
B Cyclins and Pds1(Securin) are key substrates of APC/C: Nondegradable cyclin blocks MPF destruction but does not block anaphase APC/C has at least one more target whose destruction promotes anaphase Pds1/Securin destruction releases a protease, separase, that degrades cohesisns and allows sister chromatids to separate
Decreased CDK activity and Separase release activate FEAR (Cdc14 early anaphased release) Cdc14 is a protein phosphatase that plays a central role in exiting mitosis Cdc14 dephosphorylates and activates cdh1 subunit of APC and Sic1 (a CDK inhibitory protein) to establish a stable G1 state with low CDK activity Cdc14 activates a second pathway called MEN (mitotic exit network) that initiates cytokinesis
CDK1-Cyclin B activates APC-Cdc20 directly or indirectly through phosphorylation A time lag between APC-Cdc20 activity and other essential mitotic events is essential Decreased CDK activity allows activation of Cdc14 mitotic exit pathway, Cdh1/Hct1 and establishment of a stable G1 state Regulation of APC/C by CDK1-Cyclin B generates a negative feedback to drive mitotic exit
32 G1 and G1-S regulation G1 is characterized by low CDK activity and high APC-Cdh1 activity What triggers initiation of S phase and cell cycle re-entry?
33 G1 and G1-S regulation I G1 is a major control point for most cell types: Growth factors present and extracellular conditions favorable: S phase M G1 Differentiation factors present, unfavorable conditions: G0 (temporary or permanent withdrawal from cell cycle) What triggers entry to S phase, what mechanisms prevent it? Cells must be growing and have reached a minimum size mammalian cells must not contact neighbors (contact inhibition) APC-Cdh1 must be inactivated to allow S phase cyclin accumulation CDK inhibitory proteins must be destroyed or titrated away In budding yeast and animal cells G1 CDK activity must reach a threshold value to trigger S phase
Restriction point in animal cells occurs late in G1 Serum withdrawal before R point--cells arrest in G1 Serum withdrawal after R point-cells complete S, G2 and M Restriction point G1 S Pardee (1974) Serum Dependent Independent Budding yeast cells have a G1 control point termed Start Remove nutrients prior to Start--G1 arrest Remove nutrients after Start--cells complete S, G2 and M Start
animal cells Growth factors in serum e.g. FGF,PDGF activation of RTK signaling transcription of D cyclins budding yeast nutrients (glucose, nitrogen etc.) increased protein translation rate Increased translation of Cln3 Similarities of Cln3 and D cyclins: messages and proteins are low abundance proteins are highly unstable length of G1 highly sensitive to dosage and expression levels control rate limiting step in G1-S transition neither are essential!
G1 cyclins Cln1, Cln2, Cln3 Sic1--CDK inhibitor--disrupts CDK active site, prevents ATP binding Transcription factors SBF, MBF--activators of Cln1, Cln2 and other S phase genes Whi5--negative regulator of SBF, MBF SCF--Skp1-Cullin-Fbox--E3 ubiquitin ligase targets G1 substrates (Elledge and Harper 1996) substrate Cullin F-box protein (adaptor) Skp1 Cdc4 is F box adaptor for Sic1 F-box proteins are specificity factors in SCF, often require phosphorylation for binding target In early G1: Sic1 and APC-Hct1/Cdh1 are dephos. and active. CDK activity is low
Cln3-Cdc28 As Cln3-Cdc28 activity builds: SBF/MBF become active Whi5 is phosphorylated and dissociates from SBF/MBF Cln1/2 and Clb5/6 are made SBF/MBF are further activated in a positive feed back loop Sic1 and Hct1 are inactivated in a negative feedback loop Whi5 SBF or MBF Cln1 Cln2 ? Clb5 Clb6 Cln1/2-Cdc28 What would the phenotype be of a whi5 mutant? a cdc4 mutant? a Cln3 mutant? SCF-Cdc4 Sic1 Clb5/6-Cdc28 Hct1/Cdh1
Tyers and colleagues Cdc4 binding of Sic1 depends on 6+ phosphorylations Triple mutant ∆cln1 cln2 cln3 is inviable ∆cln1 cln2 cln3 sic1 mutant--viability is rescued! Sic1 is key target of G1 cyclins Sic1 becomes multiply phosphorylated by CDKs during G1 followed by abrupt degradation Replacement with a high affinity Cdc4 binding site causes premature S phase initiation and genome instability Cooperative phosphorylation ensures that a very high CDK activity must be present in order to degrade Sic1, and that Sic1 is degraded abruptly.
Can’t easily make cdc mutants with diploid mammalian cells Strategies for genetic analysis: dominant negatives overexpression (transfection) knockouts in ES cells, whole mice, or cell lines from KO mice siRNA-mediated knockdowns Why might a dn allele of CDK2 cause cell cycle arrest, yet the null mutation has almost no phenotype? Are knockouts always a better way to determine gene function? -redundancy -inappropriate substitution of related proteins Harlow and colleagues Dominant negative CDK mutations For many years CDK2/CycE thought to be a linchpin of G1-S regulation However, CDK2 and CycE KO cells have only mild S phase entry defects!
Unregulated cell division leads to defects in tissue morphogenesis, development and cancer Several G1 regulators are tumor suppressors or oncogenes-RB, INKs, D cyclins, CDK4 Two classes of negative regulators: CDK inhibitors INK4 (CDKN2) family specific for CDK4/6-Cyclin D complexes p21, p27,p57 proteins inhibit all CDKs RB-related proteins RB, p107, p130--bind to E2F complexes and repress S phase transcription Regulators show some functional overlap and tissue specificity e.g. RB is expressed in cycling cells, p107/p130 in quiescent cells, p27 is constitutively expressed,p21 is induced by checkpoint activation, p57 is expressed in neuronal cells, p16INK4b induced by negative growth factor TGF beta
cyclin Conformation change in CDK blocks cyclin binding CDK cyclin Kip Binds CDK-cyclin, blocks ATP binding and substrate access Early G1--INKs keep CDK4/6 cyclin D inactive, p27 keeps CycE-CDK2 inactive As CycD accumulates it overcomes INK binding to CDK4/6 CycD-CDK4/6 complexes compete p27 from CycE-CDK2 promoting S phase
E2F-DP RB CycE CycA S phase genes E2F-DP RB P Restriction point/late G1/S RB hyperphosphorylated by CDK2-CyclinE complexes dissociation from E2F-DP E2F-DP RB P Mid G1 RB partially phosphorylated by CDK4/6-D cyclins (priming) Early G1 RB hypophosphorylated E2F-DP RB P What is predicted phenotype of a RB phosphorylation site mutant? RB is phosphorylated by at least two kinase complexes. How would you figure out their relative contributions and whether the phosphorylations needed to be sequential? Loss of one copy of RB leads to tumors Animal DNA tumor viruses produce proteins (e.g. SV40 T antigen) that inactivate RB Plant DNA viruses have evolved the same trick CycD and CycE overexpressed in many cancers
Previous work on bulk synchronized cells indicates correlation between RB phosphorylation, Cyclin E transcription and Restriction Point Zetterberg and colleagues Time lapse videomicroscopy on single cells + immunofluorescence to look at timing of RB phosphorylation vs. R vs. S phase How do you produce synchronous cells? Yeast-pheromomone arrest, elutriation, cdc temperature arrest, HU (S phase) Animal cells-mitotic shakeoff, double thymidine block, colchicine arrest at mitosis How do you measure S phase? FACS, BrdU incorporation What is the molecular correlate of the Restriction point?
yeasts show evidence of size control nutritional shift experiment: move cells from rapid growth to slow growth conditions- observe a G1 (budding yeast) or G2 (fission yeast ) delay until a minmal size is reached How could one show a that a size checkpoint exists for mammalian cells? sort G1 cells into different size classes and measure G1 duration prolong prior cell cycle so that larger daughters are produced, look for shortened G1 Follow single cells by video microscopy, look for correlation between size and S phase Data on animal cells is controversial but evidence for G1 size control exists. Growth may also be cell cycle regulated: RB controls rRNA synthesis Tumors often have aberrant growth characteristics faster cell cycle, faster growth
Properties of DNA replication in eukaryotes: Occurs at a specific phase of the cell cycle--S Initiates from specific locations termed origins--well defined in budding yeast poorly defined in other organisms Occurs once and only once per S phase Completion of S phase is ensured by checkpoints S phase is regulated by oscillating CDK activity Low CDK activity required to prime origins High CDK activity required to fire origins and block re-priming
Cdc6 and Cdt1-- origin priming proteins-activity is tightly regulated Orc--origin recognition complex--binds origins throughout cell cycle, required for origin firing Mcms--(mini-chromosome maintenance)-part of a hexameric origin unwinding complex required for initiation, AAA ATPase family Cdc7-Dbf4--kinase complex analogous to CDK-cyclin required for origin firing Geminin (metazoans only) inhibits Cdt1 mediated MCM loading at origins S phase CDKs--Clb 5/6-Cdc28 in budding yeast, CycE-Cdk2, CycA-Cdk2 in mammals
Origin “Licensing” Blow, Laskey and coworkers Naked DNA + interphase Xenopus extract Chromatin assembly, NE assembly, 1 round of DNA replication Mitosis Next round of DNA replication Add replicated G2 nuclei to fresh interphase extract control No replication Next round of DNA replication +NE permeabilizing detergent lysolecithin Something present in early interphase extracts that allows replication: licensing factor Licensing factor cannot cross NE. Lf gets made in early interphase, destroyed during S remade during M
(A) licensing factor (+) generated during M-G1 transition (B) + binds to chromatin prior to NE assembly (C) further access to + restricted by NE (D) nuclear + destroyed (-) upon S phase initiation (E) cytoplasmic + decays during late S and G2 Details vary between organisms Principles of model proved correct: Highly regulated and labile factors are generated in G1 that bind to origins (Cdc6, Cdt1) Cdc6 and Cdt1 allow loading of MCM complex prior to S phase S phase CDK activity simultaneously fires loaded origins and inactivates or destroys Cdc6, Cdt1, MCMs Multiple redundant mechanisms are involved
Crystal structure of archeal MCM complex Blue indicates + charge region that could accommodate ss or ds DNA
Cdc6, Cdt1 and MCM complex can only load onto origins in G1 After S phase CDK activation: Geminin (A APC-Cdh1 substrate) is stabilized and inhibits MCM loading origin unwinding by MCM triggers SCF-Skp2 mediated degradation of Cdt1 phosphorylation of priming proteins blocks activity, nuclear entry or origin binding
Checkpoint: mechanism to ensure that the next cell cycle stage is not entered until the events of the current stage are completed Examples of important checkpoints: Spindle assembly--ensures all chromosomes attached to spindle prior to anaphase S-phase completion--ensures that replication is complete prior to mitotic entry DNA damage-blocks S phase initiation in G1 cells, blocks G2-M in S phase cells until DNA damage repaired
Isolate mutants that are hypersensitive to DNA damaging agents Rescreen for those that don’t arrest cell cycle properly How could you isolate spindle assembly checkpoint mutants?
Sensors-- Mre11 complex? Most of these proteins are conserved signal transducers p53 is a metazoan protein that helps decide whether a damaged cell arrests or commits suicide Targets
Announcements Monday, April 16: the cell cycle, pp Wednesday, April 18: protein synthesis, pp Friday, April 20: protein targeting,
P53, Apoptosis, Cancer, More Regulation G1 checkpoint Controlled by G1 Cdk-cyclin G1 cyclin levels also vary with the cell cycle Many additional levels.
G2/M: Chromosome condensation SMC family of proteins structural maintenance of chromosomes large coiled coil proteins with ATPase domain interact in complexes.
Introduction The timing and rates of cell division in different parts of an animal or plant are crucial for normal growth, development, and maintenance.
New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Fault Current Contributions from Wind Plants Dean Miller PacifiCorp July 25, ppt download
New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Fault Current Contributions from Wind Plants Dean Miller PacifiCorp July 25, 2012 1.
1 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Fault Current Contributions from Wind Plants Dean Miller PacifiCorp July 25, 2012 1
4 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Working Group Assignment Prepare a Report: To characterize and quantify short circuit current contributions to faults from wind plants for the purposes of protective relaying and equipment rating, and to develop modeling and calculation guidelines for the same. Started 2008 Draft 7.1 of the Report Was Distributed Estimated Completion Date: 2013
5 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges The Issue  Wind Plants use different types of generators than other power generation facilities  Wind turbine generators tolerate rapid fluctuations in prime mover, due to wind speed fluctuations  Traditional rigid mechanical and electrical coupling of a turbine and synchronous generators will not tolerate the rapid fluctuation in the prime mover  Response to faults is different  Safe, reliable operation of the electrical power system requires the ability to predict and model the sources of fault current
7 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Wind Plant Configuration Multiple wind turbine generators ranging in size (500 – 7,000 kVA) Each wind turbine generator with its own step-up transformer stepping the voltage from 600 – 1000 V up to typically 34.5 kV Collector lines, mostly under ground, bring the output of several generators back to a collector substation At the collector substation there are breakers for the individual collector lines and the power is transformed from the 34.5 kV to the Transmission Provider’s system voltage
8 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Wind Plant Configuration (cont.) Reactive power devices may also exist in the collector substation Tie transmission line to the Point of Interconnection (POI) substation POI substation ties the Wind Plant into the power network
12 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Type 1 WTG Response to Fault Single Phase to Ground fault on the Terminal of the Generator Step- up Transformer Study results have refined some of the earlier assumed theories.
14 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Type 2 WTG Response to Fault Three Phase Fault on the Terminal of the Generator with Different Levels of External Rotor Resistance Model was validated with data from a wind plant fault event.
16 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Type 3 WTG Response to Fault Fault current for a fault reducing the voltage at the unit step-up transformer MV terminals to 20%. Initially with crowbar action
17 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Type 4 Wind Turbine Generator Synchronous or induction generator Varies firing angle of inverters for real & reactive power control Fault current is limited and maintained by the by power electronics
18 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Type 4 WTG Response to Fault Single Phase to Ground Fault on the Terminals of the Generator
19 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Type 5 Wind Turbine Generator Synchronous generator Variations in wind turbine speed are compensated in the hydraulic transmission Reactive power controlled by field current Fault current similar to any other synchronous generator
20 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Protective Relaying for the Collector Substation Collector lines Combination of directional and non-directional overcurrent relays Coordinated with generator step-up transformer fuses and relays on the other lines 20
21 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Protective Relaying for the Collector Substation (continued) Power Transformer Current differential & sudden pressure relays to detect internal faults Overcurrent relays to protect the transformer from damage due to slow clearing of line or bus faults 34.5 kV bus High speed protection is desirable to limit damage Including the bus in the transformer protection zone may delay the restoration of the bus 21
23 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Tie Line Protective Relaying POI adjacent to the Collector Sub Common ground mat Bus differential relaying POI remote from the Collector Sub Line current differential relaying system Works well for variable sources of fault current Optical fiber cable installed on the transmission line provides the communication medium 23
24 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Over/under Voltage Magnitude & Frequency Installed at the POI Sub For the protection of the Transmission Provider’s equipment and customer’s equipment Multiple pickup levels with different time delays Pickup levels closest to the normal operation range have the longest time delays Disconnect the 34.5 kV collector lines 24
25 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Fault Interrupting Equipment Issues Additional fault current from the wind plant Additional fault current due to the enhancements of the transmission network to handle the additional load current Higher X/R ratios increases the DC component Characteristic of fault current from some types of WTG delay the first zero crossing 25
26 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Analysis of Data from Fault Events Analysis of data from relays for tie line faults 4 fault events, 2 with type 2 WTG, 2 with type 3 3 with Single phase to ground faults, 1 with phase to phase Direct calculation of wind plant collective negative and zero sequence impedance Use of fault study program to determine generator positive and negative sequence impedance 26
27 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Example of Data from Fault Event 11 – 1.5 MW type III wind turbine generators Collector substation with a 34.5 to 115 kV wye-delta- wye step up transformer 17.7 MW and 3.2 MVAR into the transmission system prior to the fault A phase to ground fault occurred on the line to the network substation, 3.8 km from the network substation. 27
32 New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Conclusion Draft 7.1 of the report has been distributed to the working group members All of the writing assignment have been completed 90 page report 16 authors Editorial and technical committee approval process will most likely to take most of 2013. 32
Download ppt "New Energy Horizons Opportunities and Challenges Fault Current Contributions from Wind Plants Dean Miller PacifiCorp July 25, 2012 1."
1 Distributed Generation and Power Quality. 2 Distributed Generation Distributed generation (DG) or distributed generation resources (DR) –Backup generation.
Learning Curve. Performance improvement As an organization gains experience in manufacturing a product, the labor inputs required per unit of output diminish. - ppt download
Learning Curve. Performance improvement As an organization gains experience in manufacturing a product, the labor inputs required per unit of output diminish.
Presentation on theme: "Learning Curve. Performance improvement As an organization gains experience in manufacturing a product, the labor inputs required per unit of output diminish."— Presentation transcript:
2 Performance improvement As an organization gains experience in manufacturing a product, the labor inputs required per unit of output diminish over the life of the product As an organization gains experience in manufacturing a product, the labor inputs required per unit of output diminish over the life of the product If you repeat a new task continually your performance improves. Performance time drops off dramatically at first, and it continues to fall at some slower rate until a performance "plateau, a leveling off" is reached If you repeat a new task continually your performance improves. Performance time drops off dramatically at first, and it continues to fall at some slower rate until a performance "plateau, a leveling off" is reached Learning phenomenon occurs for groups and organizations as well as for individuals Learning phenomenon occurs for groups and organizations as well as for individuals
3 Learning curve General form of the pattern is called the learning curve General form of the pattern is called the learning curve
4 General equation for the learning curve Y X = kX L Y X = kX L –Y X = labor hours required to produce Xth cumulative unit of output –k = labor hours required to produce first unit of output (initial productivity) –L = index of learning –X = production unit number
7 Learning rate (or rate of learning) Learning rate is specified as a percentage Learning rate is specified as a percentage i.e. 80% curve - each time cumulative output doubles the newest unit of output requires 80% of the labor of the reference unit Also interested in average labor per unit for certain quantity production run (from above, average labor per unit assuming 4 units is 78.55 hours) Also interested in average labor per unit for certain quantity production run (from above, average labor per unit assuming 4 units is 78.55 hours) UnitHours 1100 280 (3)(70.21) 464
8 Determining index of learning from the learning rate Previously, L = (y2 - y1)/(x2 - x1) = (log Y X2 - log Y X1 )/(log X2 - log X1) Previously, L = (y2 - y1)/(x2 - x1) = (log Y X2 - log Y X1 )/(log X2 - log X1) L = (log (Y X2 /Y X1 ))/(log (X2/X1)) L = (log (Y X2 /Y X1 ))/(log (X2/X1)) For first unit, X1 = 1 and Y X1 = k For first unit, X1 = 1 and Y X1 = k –L = (log (Y X2 /k))/(log (X2)) –i.e. for learning rate of 80%, L = (log (80/100))/(log (2)) = -0.3219
9 Rate of learning to use Rate of learning is not the same in all manufacturing applications - learning occurs at a higher rate in some applications than others and is reflected by more rapid descent of the curve Rate of learning is not the same in all manufacturing applications - learning occurs at a higher rate in some applications than others and is reflected by more rapid descent of the curve The rate is influenced by The rate is influenced by –Worker experience level –Desired degree of conservatism applied Amount of process controlled by machine should be taken out of the labor content when applying the effect of learning and then added back in with no adjustment for learning Amount of process controlled by machine should be taken out of the labor content when applying the effect of learning and then added back in with no adjustment for learning The approach assumes learning continues indefinitely - is this realistic? The approach assumes learning continues indefinitely - is this realistic?
10 Example Captain Nemo, owner of the Suboptimum Underwater Boat Company (SUB) is puzzled. He has a contract for 11 boats and has completed 4 of them. He has observed that his production manager, young Mr. Overdoit, has been assigning more and more people to torpedo assembly after the construction of the first four boats. The first boat, for example, required 225 workers, each working a 40-hour week, while 45 fewer workers were required for the second boat. Mr. Overdoit has told them that "this is just the beginning" and that he will complete the last boat in the current contract with only 100 workers! Captain Nemo, owner of the Suboptimum Underwater Boat Company (SUB) is puzzled. He has a contract for 11 boats and has completed 4 of them. He has observed that his production manager, young Mr. Overdoit, has been assigning more and more people to torpedo assembly after the construction of the first four boats. The first boat, for example, required 225 workers, each working a 40-hour week, while 45 fewer workers were required for the second boat. Mr. Overdoit has told them that "this is just the beginning" and that he will complete the last boat in the current contract with only 100 workers! Mr. Overdoit is banking on the learning curve, but has he gone overboard?
11 Example SUB has produced the first unit of a new line of minisubs at a cost of $500,000 - $200,000 for materials and $300,000 for labor. It has agreed to accept a 10 percent profit, based on cost, and it is willing to contract on the basis of a 70 percent learning curve. What will be the contract price for three minisubs? SUB has produced the first unit of a new line of minisubs at a cost of $500,000 - $200,000 for materials and $300,000 for labor. It has agreed to accept a 10 percent profit, based on cost, and it is willing to contract on the basis of a 70 percent learning curve. What will be the contract price for three minisubs?
Download ppt "Learning Curve. Performance improvement As an organization gains experience in manufacturing a product, the labor inputs required per unit of output diminish."
Chapter 6: Economic Growth Estimate economic growth and implications of sustained growth for standard of living. Trends in economic growth in U.S. and.
Producer Decision Making Chapter 4. Production - a process by which resources are transformed into products or services that are usable by consumers.
PRODUCTION As always, the firm will organize its means of production to maximize profit. Chapter 5 slide 1 To do this it must balance input productivity.
When you have completed your study of this chapter, you will be able to C H A P T E R C H E C K L I S T Describe the anatomy of the markets for labor,
Lecture 4 MGMT © 2011 Houman Younessi Supply: Production What is the optimal level of output? How should we decide among alternative production.
1 The average time per task declines by a constant percentage each time the quantity of tasks done doubles. There is often a systematic relationship between.
Ch. 21: Production and Costs Del Mar College John Daly ©2003 South-Western Publishing, A Division of Thomson Learning.
Products > cnc laser cutting machine price in italy for advertising Free classified and 'wanted' advertising, yag laser cutting machine for glasses in iran.
Stone engraving machine; Advertising CNC router; CNC Fiber laser cutting machine has advantages as following: 1. Fiber laser cutting machine VS YAG laser
Jinan RODEO machinery Co., Ltd. is a professional CNC and laser machines for Woodworking, Advertising, provider YAG 500w ,600w laser cutting machine
Building industry fiber laser cutting machine Product introduction&colon; Fiber laser is an all bulk material device&period; The laser rod is effectively substituted by a length of
metal laser cnc cutting machine in italy for glasses; cnc yag laser cutting machine bw for metal products; Advertising, Signs,
Products > yag laser cutting machine in italy for advertising Viscom Sign is the trade fair for advertising and digital print cnc router machine|cnc
500w yag laser cutting machine in italy for nameplate; metal laser cnc cutting machine in iran for advertising laser metal cutting machine for metal in
Usage and Power from certified Chinese Laser Engraving Machine factory, Cutting Machine manufacturers, Type: CNC Advertising Machine Spindle Layout: Vertical
Italy Marking on the Dog Tag We manufacture many kinds of laser machine&comma; like fiber&comma; YAG and CO2&comma; can cutting and marking&comma; cutting
Net embroidery long gown with floral golden sequence work teamed up with half collar neck silk bhutta top. Sleeve is elbow length. It's a perfect party wear. Learn More
Beautiful Banarasi silk skirt with all over thread embroidery motifs teamed up with contrast Mulberry bhutta top. It's a perfect ethnic wear for your little one this festive season !!! Learn More
Brocade long gown in bright and dark shades will all over jimmikki motif. thread piping for neck and sleeves. its paired with soft net duppatta with golden lace border. Learn More
Brocade long gown in contrast hues with motif all over, teamed up with silk zari top with front ball buttons.sleeve is elbow length. Learn More
Chanderi skirt with all over motif teamed up with stirped top with ball buttons in front. It's a elegant dress for any occasion. Learn More
Ethnic long gown in contrast rich hues with all over zari motif in Jacquard fabric with ball button in front and knee length sleeves. Its a fully stitched single piece with a layer of lining material Learn More
EBrocade long gown in contrast with motif all over, teamed up with silk zari top with front ball buttons.sleeve in elbow length. Learn More
Shivangi, is a trending Indian Brand in ethnic wear segment in India and Foreign countries. We sell traditional dresses through online stores. We have an unique collection of Indian ethnic wears. If anyone has a longing to get in touch with traditional values of Indian clothing, Shivangi Clothing is the ultimate option. Especially kidswear is the major area we are specialising at.
I am scheduling a server migration and upgrade for Tuesday Nov 13th at Approximately 4:00AM CST. The site will be down for several hours while the data and database are copied to our new dedicated private server.
Slingshotinfo.com is not affiliated with Polaris Industries the makers of Polaris Slingshot in any way.
This month, Macy’s unveiled the first episode of a new monthly video series with our CEO called Beyond the Boardroom with Jeff Gennette. Coast to Coast is excited to follow Jeff as he goes beyond the boardroom to talk with Associates about our North Star Strategy and how we are working together to drive our business forward.
Each month, as Jeff focuses on a specific topic, Coast to Coast will bring you a feature where we will drill into more detail from the show – this episode, we’re diving into the exciting, complex and changing world of cosmetics and beauty!
If you haven’t had a chance to watch it yet, check out the episode below where Jeff focuses on our Next Generation of Stores initiative which was captured from our Macy’s Woodbridge Center store.
As you saw in this episode of Beyond the Boardroom, Jeff spoke with Nicole Rozakis, VPSM, and Katie Dispenziere, Cosmetics Sales Manager, at Woodbridge Center about some of the exciting changes going on in cosmetics in Woodbridge. That is just one part of this huge cross-functional effort in our organization to strengthen our beauty business. Coast to Coast sat down with Nata Dvir, SVP Planning, Beauty to learn more about these changes from a Merchandising perspective and take a deeper look.
The beauty reinvent is our vision for what we think the beauty shopping experience is and should be for our customer. For Macy’s, it’s a shift away from being a brand centric model to a customer centric model.
At Macy’s, beauty has always been focused on brands and our beauty advisors being the experts for one specific brand. But now, our customer is the expert, they are equipped with tools like YouTube to give them the knowledge they crave. So by shifting our model to be more customers centric, it will allow us to give the customer the environment and experience to discover and play across different brands. The beauty reinvent does just that by incorporating open floor plans, a curated selection, and room for our customers to discover and play. It also includes having our Associates out in front of the counters, on the floor to help our customer solve, in an interactive experience that goes beyond selling.
The market is growing; in fact, the beauty business is one of the fastest growing businesses in the retail industry. Reinventing the store experience is so important in this category because while online purchases are growing, brick and mortar is still 90% of the business and there is growth in stores to be had. We need to ensure our fair share of the growth, so we are looking at what our customer is craving, and creating an environment to meet her needs.
On the other hand, Macy’s is already the fragrance destination. We have a large share of the market and our customer loves the brands we carry. We are winning in fragrances and we need to make changes in cosmetics so we can win in that market, too.
For the beauty reinvent, we are testing out many changes; I’ll talk about four of the big categories we are working change into.
A big change in beauty is in the presentation. We are working to create an open environment and floor plan. We are opening up the fixtures and removing barriers – exactly like what you saw at Woodbridge Center. By opening up the floor, we are encouraging the customer to play with the products, and we are allowing the Associate to be in front of the products and remove the barrier between the two of them to help our customer solve her beauty needs.
Another exciting change in beauty is training. We are introducing “The Beauty Playground”, a training program which we have partnered with our Learning & Development team at Macy’s to create. Historically in beauty, our Associates were only trained by the vendors on specific brands. Now, with The Beauty Playground, our beauty Associates will get the cross brand training and knowledge that they need. By giving our Associates the tools and knowledge to cross brand sell, we are giving them the confidence to solve our customer’s needs.
We’re also adding a variety of changes around creating experiences for our customers. One element to this is a special role that’s being created in the test stores called an “Experience Leader.” This will be a Leader on the beauty team that helps create experiences for our customers including planning beauty tutorials and classes.
And lastly, we are editing the assortment in fragrance. We want to bring more clarity to the amazing brands we carry in fragrance. We updated and elevated the visuals to create cleaner distinctions between the brands.
Woodbridge Center is the first store to roll out these changes! In September, we are rolling this out to 73 stores in the South and Southwest across five districts.
We are learning a lot. We’re learning how to merchandise the new format of beauty floor to make for more compelling curated footprints and allow for customer discovery. And above all, we are learning how to give our beauty customers the service she’s looking for to help her solve, by removing barriers and using cross-brand knowledge.
At the end of the day, in this new model, what does success in beauty look like from a customer experience perspective?
Success is when Macy’s is the authority for beauty and the customer is getting the service she expects.
Like what you’ve just read? Sign up for regular updates from Coast to Coast delivered right to your inbox!
In the first episode of Beyond the Boardroom with Jeff Gennette, our new monthly video series, Jeff and the team at our Woodbridge Center, NJ store gave us a look at an exciting technology pilot– e-signs in Women’s Shoes! Following your feedback, we’re giving you a closer look at the e-signs in action.
In his early days as CEO for Macy’s, Inc., Jeff Gennette asked our Associates for their Bright Ideas. Read on to see what we are doing to turn those Bright Ideas into action and how our top 70 leaders demonstrated quick decision-making.
“We put a lot of effort into upgrading the Macy’s app to give our customers the best possible shopping experience whether online or in our stores. It’s exciting to see the way users are responding to those changes, and it’s to the credit of the extremely talented people in our technology teams who lead us ahead of the industry in this area.” – RB Harrison, chief omnichannel officer
What is the definition of the iconic, American department store in the 21st century? This month, the definition contains a new word: Apple.
Coast to Coast is a digital resource to discover behind-the-scenes insights into the exciting world of Macy’s, Inc. – including Macy’s, Bloomingdale’s, Macy’s Backstage, Bloomingdale’s The Outlet and Bluemercury. Coast to Coast highlights company news, and includes features on people, innovation, business, diversity and inclusion, and of course, fashion.
I'm also proposing the game PIMPVOC (Passengers in my Private Vehicle off Countdown) for any car owners who have given lifts to Countdowners/apterites.
Mark is going to absolutely smash that one. I look forward to him starting the thread just to try and remember a list.
I was staying at Tom's for CoLeeds last year and we had a few bevvies, some at Bradford Spoons and some at Bingley Spoons. We were trying to convince Sophie to come on the razz with us in Bingley Spoons but she got shy and embarrassed about the thought of being seen with us (understandable) in a pub. (She was also 15 at the time so that might have been a factor.) So we decided to take the party to them, via the most disgusting hill you've ever seen (no but seriously, I was limping for 3 days because it had cocked up my leg muscles so much).
Turned up at their house sweating like a gorilla after walking up the hideous hill, but the Krol clan still let us in. So Tom and I were hangin with Mama, Papa and Joseph Krol in their lounge and Sophie eventually joined us and she was so shy but adorable!! I was a bit awkward because I had to tipsily filter what I was saying (#NoFilter) but also referring to in-jokes/gossip that Joseph wanted to know more about, when the details weren't necessarily parent-friendly. Joseph made a lot of references to how great Tim Farron was. Tom and Joseph made maths in-jokes. Sophie knew a lot of details of one of the soaps (might have been Coronation Street, but can't remember now) and got quite animated about it. We left at about midnight, although I couldn't find where Big Roman Krol had put my coat, which delayed our exit.
Stop dissing my endz, yo. You learn to love the hill after walking up and down it a couple of times a day.
So you basically groomed a young girl on the internet, pressured her into underage drinking and then turned up at her home for God-knows-what. Why don't you have a seat over there?
You'd struggle to find somewhere more disablist than Tom's student accom. His room is up 3 flights of stairs, and the bathroom is up another flight of stairs. #PrayForZ
Can now add to this - Matt Morrison and Heather Badcock (repeatedly), Graeme Cole, and, if he counts, David Stainer. Stainer can also now be counted towards my COCMEAT as I have met him four times, including once by mistake on Friday. As I was getting up to get off a train, I was fairly sure I saw him sitting in the carriage, reading a book. I had burned through the last of my mobile data earlier that day, so was on the train's own WiFi. I sent him a Facebook message saying, "are you sitting on a train reading [insert name of book] right now?" And then I got off the train. Of course, I forgot that getting off the train and the train pulling away meant a loss of data and thus communication. It turns out it was indeed him, but I was unable to read his response and reactions or explain why I had said what I said for a good 20 minutes until I found a BP garage with more free WiFi with which to explain myself. So basically I freaked him out a bit. My bad.
A compact folder with stout blade and contoured handle that’s well suited for hunting, outdoor and everyday use.
Buck's hunting knives are sturdy-made to deliver reliable performance when you need it. Our hunting knives come in a variety of selections designed with hunting in mind. Some of our hunting knives also make excellent everyday knives.
A compact and lightweight, hybrid, fixed-blade knife with a handle that revolves to serve as a built-in sheath. A Peter Whittaker mountaineering collaboration.
An outdoor knife (sport knife or recreation knife), meets the special needs of outdoor activities such as backpacking, hiking, camping, river rafting, diving, kayaking, climbing, boating and others. An important contribution to this category is the Buck/Whittaker series--rugged outdoor knives designed in collaboration with renowned mountaineer Peter Whittaker.
Produce flown or trucked in from California, Florida, Chile or Holland is much older. Several studies have shown that the average distance food travels from farm to table is 1,500 miles. In the week (or more) delay from harvest to dinner table, sugars turns to starches, plant cells shrink, and produce loses its vitality. Local food is most likely picked within the past day or two, its crisp, sweet and loaded with flavor.
Recent studies have shown that fresh produce loses nutrients quickly. Food that is frozen or canned soon after harvest is actually more nutritious than some “fresh” produce that has been on the truck or supermarket shelf for a week. Locally grown food, purchased soon after harvest, retains its nutrients.
Biotechnology companies have been trying to commercialize genetically modified fruits and vegetables. Most Americans want labels on genetically modified food so they can avoid it. Communicate with your farmer, ask “Where do you get your seed, is it GMO free?” Get to know your Farmer.
The landscape of lush crop fields, wildflower meadows and picturesque barns will survive only as long as farms are financially viable. When you buy locally grown food, you are doing something proactive about preserving the agricultural landscape.
With fewer than 1 million Americans now claiming farming as their primary occupation, the farmer is a vanishing breed. Commodity prices are at historic lows, often below the cost of production. The farmer now gets less than 10 cents of the retail food dollar. Local farmers who sell direct to consumers cut out the middleman and get full retail price for their products.
When you buy direct from the farmer, you are re-establishing a time honored connection between the eater and the grower. Buying local also gives you and your family an opportunity to learn about nature and agriculture.
According to several studies, farms contributed more in taxes than they require in service, whereas suburban development costs more than its generating in taxes.
A well-managed family farm is a place where the resources of fertile soil and clean water are valued. Good stewards of the land grow cover crops. Cover crops also capture carbon emissions and help combat global warming. The habitat of a farm is also the perfect environment for many beloved species of wildlife, insects and birds.
In the modern industrial agricultural system, hybrid varieties are chosen for their ability to ripen simultaneously, withstand harvesting equipment and the ability to have a long shelf life in the store. Only a handful of hybrid varieties meet these rigorous demands, so there is little genetic diversity.
Local farms, in contrast, may grow a large number of varieties to provide a long season of harvest, an array of eye-catching colors, and the best flavors.
By supporting local farmers today, you can help ensure there will be farms in your community tomorrow. Farms that will provide future generations access to nourishing, flavorful, and abundant food.
Title:The Take-Off of Temporary Employment in the Italian Labor Market ﻿ Author(s):NANNICINI, TommasoDate:2004Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 2004/09
Title:Talent Utilization, a Source of Bias in Measuring TFP ﻿ Author(s):ZOABI, HosnyDate:2007Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 2007/27Abstract:This paper analyzes a model of economic growth that explains differences in economic structure across countries. It highlights the interplay between productivity, talents utilization and entrepreneurship incentives. The ...
Title:Targeting interventions in networks ﻿ Author(s):GALEOTTI, Andrea ; GOLUB, Benjamin; GOYAL, SanjeevDate:2018Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 2018/01Abstract:Individuals interact strategically with their network neighbors. A planner can shape incentives in pursuit of an aggregate goal, such as maximizing welfare or minimizing volatility. We analyze a variety of targeting problems ...
Title:Taxes, Cigarette Consumption, and Smoking Intensity: Reply ﻿ Author(s):ADDA, Jérôme; CORNAGLIA, FrancescaDate:2011Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 2011/32Abstract:This paper shows that smoking intensity, i.e. the amount of nicotine extracted per cigarette smoked, responds to changes in excise taxes and tobacco prices. We exploit data covering the period 1988 to 2006 across many US ...
Title:Technology Adoption and the Selection Effect of Trade ﻿ Author(s):NAVAS-RUIZ, Antonio; SALA, DavideDate:2007Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 2007/58Abstract:The reallocation of output across plants and the productivity growth at individual plants are both important sources of productivity growth at the industry level. Recent evidence has shown that trade liberalization is ...
Title:Technology Adoption, Turbulence and the Dynamics of Unemployment ﻿ Author(s):DUERNECKER, GeorgDate:2008Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 2008/10Abstract:The divergence of unemployment rates between the U.S. and Europe coincided with a substantial acceleration in capital-embodied technical change in the late 70’s. Furthermore, evidence suggests that European economies ...
Title:Temporary Migration and the Investment into Human Capital ﻿ Author(s):DUSTMANN, Christian Date:1991Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 1991/47
Title:Temporary Workers: How Temporary Are They? ﻿ Author(s):NANNICINI, TommasoDate:2004Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 2004/23
Title:A Test of Narrow Framing and Its Origin ﻿ Author(s):GUISO, LuigiDate:2009Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 2009/02Abstract:I provide a test of narrow framing to explain why individuals turn down small positive expected value lotteries. Participants in a large survey have been asked whether they would accept a small lottery of winning 180 euros ...
Title:Testing Causality between Two Vectors in Multivariate GARCH Models ﻿ Author(s):WOŹNIAK, TomaszDate:2012Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 2012/20Abstract:Spillover and contagion effects have gained significant interest in the recent years of financial crisis. Attention has not only been directed to relations between returns of financial variables, but to spillovers in risk ...
Title:Testing for the Cointegrating Rank of a VAR Process with Level Shift and Trend Break ﻿ Author(s):TRENKLER, Carsten; SAIKKONEN, Pentti; LUETKEPOHL, HelmutDate:2006Type:Working PaperSeries/Number:EUI ECO; 2006/29Abstract:A test for the cointegrating rank of a vector autoregressive (VAR) process with a possible shift and broken linear trend is proposed. The break point is assumed to be known. The setup is a VAR process for cointegrated ...
Service dogs-to-be visiting my husband's station so they aren't scared of firefighters in gear SCORE 84
Surgeons in Puerto Rico are using cellphones as lights as 84% of the country is still without power SCORE 92
Think! Energy is a site by the National Energy Foundation encouraging people to think about and talk about energy. The site even has the temerity to say that a good way to make a possitive change on this planet is to start a career in energy.
DISCLAIMER: This review is about the web site. It is not a recommendation for a company or product. The goal of the Site of the Day review is simply to point out an interesting local web sites. View Site of the Day History.
Alyssa was reading a newspaper and smoking, when her son came into her bedroom and asked if he could go outside. He was topless and his smooth and naked chest aroused her in the way it never did. She asked him to sit down and touched his nipple feeling how his body shivers with lust. Alyssa knew how to drive young guys crazy, so it didn't take much time to seduce her son.
During the breakfast Susanna looked at her son and thought that it would be great to seduce this lovely boy and try his cock with her old, but still voracious cunt. She asked her son to bring the camera and started slowly stripping in front of him. She knew that her virgin son won't be able to refuse enjoying her lewd body.
Amanda fished her son's cock out of his pants, sucked it for a while and began slowly kissing her way up each inch of his body. It was when they were finally face to face that they kissed each other and their tongues danced together. He felt his mother's hand grasped his cock and placed it at the entrance to her pussy. Without having to be told, he thrust himself forward taking the final step. There was no turning back now.
Dylan was sitting at the table, when his mother went into the kitchen and started seducing him by sucking a slice of a cucumber and shaking her ass in front of his face. Unable to resist her spitfire charm, he got on his knees and began licking the inside of her hips wedging his head towards her hairy pussy. She then sucked him for a while and impaled her dripping pussy on his cock.
This will produce an .ini file, a .pov file, and one .inc file for every graphics atom in the object graphics hierarchy. These files are meant to be input files for the povray command line utility, which can be executed from within IDL via the VIS_POVRAY routine.
Many object graphics scenes can be drawn in this manner with no extra work or knowledge of POV-Ray. IDLgrView, IDLgrModel, IDLgrPolygon, IDLgrSurface, IDLgrPolyline, and IDLgrLight currently supported (though not all of their properties are currently used when rendering the POV-Ray input files).
Other classes are provided, like VISgrPOVRayView (a subclass of IDLgrView), VISgrPOVRayGrid (a subclass of IDLgrPoygon), VISgrPOVRayLight (a subclass of IDLgrLight), and VISgrPOVRayTubes (a subclass of IDLgrPolyline), to attain functionality supported by POV-Ray, but not IDL. These classes will render normally under IDL using the standard properties of their parent class, but will provide additional functionality when rendered with POV-Ray.
The VIS_XPOVRAY GUI utility provides a convenient way to interactively position a view/model for rendering with POV-Ray. A view to render and a model to rotate are passed into the utility. The scene can then be viewed and manipulated until the desired orientation is achieved, at which point the view can then be rendered with the POV-Ray destination.
An attorney for Republican presidential candidate Herman Cain has demanded cell phone records from Ginger White, the Atlanta businesswoman who claims she and Cain had a 13-year extramarital affair.
@Politico has to know who had some hand in the smear against Cain.They have no obligation to cover up for ppl who lied, knew would damage his campaign and could possibly destroy the good name,reputation,marriage and presidential aspirations of a candidate.
I also find it stunning that people are willing to vote for Ron Paul given that he is anti Semitic and his foreign policy view is one that would embolden the enemy.Herman Cain,know who your friends are,know who your enemies are. Know that Israel is a FRIEND and you don't throw your friends under the bus.
Herman Cain;peace through strength and clarity->[You must be registered and logged in to see this link.]
» Danish Head of Homicide on the Maddie Case: The parents' explanation doesn't quite add up BT (Danish)
DISCLAIMER: Any posts on CakesDecor.com (CD) are posted by individuals acting in their own right and do not necessarily reflect the views of CD. CD will not be held liable for the actions of any user.
Join us for Bilingual Family Storytime, Wednesday, March 14th from 6 to 7 pm in the Bradbury Meeting Room. Bilingual stories will be shared, fun spring crafts will be available for making, and a healthy snack will be provide at the end of the program. Questions? Contact Miss Sandy at 847-623-2041 x282.
Batgirl has been asked by the chief of police to look into a case that was thought to be closed. Dr. Doomsday is once again on the loose and on a mission to send the planet into hysteria by hoaxing the apocalypse.
Batgirl must do everything in her power to stop the evil villain, and wants to go it alone. She doesn’t realize that Dr. Doomsday not only has access to many powerful weapons, but she also has adapted them to be even more lethal.
The material on this site is of an ADULT nature and is NOT intended for minors. Access is made available ONLY to those who accept the terms of the following agreement. Under NO circumstances are persons under legal age (as defined by the individual state or municipality) to view this material. Misrepresenting your age in order to gain access to this site may be a violation of local, state and federal law. By accepting this agreement, I certify the following:
* I do not find images and descriptions of adult females locked in various forms of combat and/or light fetish roles to be offensive or objectionable.
* I understand the standards and laws of the community, site and computer to which I am transporting this material, and am solely responsible for my actions.
* I will not hold the publisher responsible for accessing any links from this website. These links are not endorsements of any products or services contained in such sites, and no information in such site has been endorsed, approved or evaluated by the publisher of this site.
If I use these services in violation of the above agreement, I understand I may be in violation of local and federal laws and am solely responsible for my actions. By logging on, I will have released and discharged the providers, owners and creators of this site from any and all liability which might arise.
Bookmarking to a page on this server/site whereby this warning page is by-passed shall constitute an implicit acceptance of the foregoing terms herein set forth.
The Business Directory provides real estate service providers such as realtors and agents, inspectors, new home builders, and mortgage companies.
The Homes For Sale and Apartments & Rental Property Channels feature community published information about specific homes or apartments.
Browse homes for sale and apartments by various categories. Detailed home and apartment searches can help you quickly pinpoint listings to your interests.
We feature real estate agents, businesses and properties on the Real Estate Guide Home, Homes For Sale, and Apartments & Rentals home pages, as well as in other channels throughout the site.
For Home Owners, you can submit your property for sale or lease yourself and let us review, edit, and publish it. Or you can have your realtor or agent publish it using their Business Account.
For Realtors and Agents, a Business Publishing Account provides you the ability to post as many listings for sale or lease as you want, anytime you want. Your Business Directory Agent page will list all your available properties. You can quickly post a property on the site without our involvement. If you want to turn off the listing for a while or delete it, just do it! It's quick and easy to use.
At Cambridge Now!, we respect and safeguard the information that our site users have entrusted to us. Cambridge Now! will not provide individual personal user information to any third party for any purpose, either commercial or otherwise, unless required by law. Privacy issues are a paramount concern to us.
Choose what contact information is displayed with your job or resume. If desired, they can be anonymous.
Cambridge Now! does not display email addresses on site pages. People use a simple contact form to email you. Spam spiders cannot mine your email boxes on this site.
The personal information that we require for registration is the minimum necessary to verify that you live in our community (name, phone, address), your age (over/under age 13), and your email address so we can contact you if necessary.
Are you taking advantage of the area's most useful real estate resource? Your advertising is what provides this great service to the community!
Gain the recognition and visibility that comes with providing such a valuable and useful service to our local area. The Real Estate Business Guide, Homes For Sale, and Apartments & Rental Property are all available for sponsorships.
Reach people who have specific job type or industry interests by advertising only to those expressing an interest in those categories. Both banner and text ads are available.
Connection to The Inside Out Trilogy that has recently been optioned to STARZ for TV with Suzanne Todd (Alice in Wonderland w/Johnny Depp) producing and includes exciting clues for the series readers but stands alone as it’s own exciting erotic story.
In part one of Rebecca’s Lost Journals, The Seduction, Rebecca meets the rich, darkly alluring man who will draw her into a passionate, intense affair and tempt her into erotic experiences she never thought she would dare.
New York Times and USA Today bestselling author Lisa Renee Jones is the author of the highly acclaimed INSIDE OUT series. Suzanne Todd (producer of Alice in Wonderland) on the INSIDE OUT series: Lisa has created a beautiful, complicated, and sensual world that is filled with intrigue and suspense. Sara’s character is strong, flawed, complex, and sexy - a modern girl we all can identify with.
In addition to the success of Lisa's INSIDE OUT series, she has published many successful titles. The TALL, DARK AND DEADLY series and THE SECRET LIFE OF AMY BENSEN series, both spent several months on a combination of the New York Times and USA Today bestselling lists. Lisa is presently working on a dark, edgy new series, Dirty Money, for St. Martin's Press.
Prior to publishing Lisa owned multi-state staffing agency that was recognized many times by The Austin Business Journal and also praised by the Dallas Women's Magazine. In 1998 Lisa was listed as the #7 growing women owned business in Entrepreneur Magazine.
Lisa loves to hear from her readers. You can reach her at www.lisareneejones.com and she is active on Twitter and Facebook daily.
A 1991 book predicted the link between mass shootings and the revocation of our 2nd Amendment rights
It’s no secret that every single time a mass shooting occurs in the United States, liberals and gun control advocates dust off the same old argument that they’ve always used: That there is somehow a connection between gun violence and the Second Amendment, and in order to minimize gun-related crime in this country, those constitutional liberties have to be done away with. Interestingly, Waking Times recently pointed out that that a book written twenty-seven years ago, in 1991, accurately predicted the connection between mass shootings and increased public demand for restrictions on firearms.
Specifically, a short passage of chapter 12 in the book Behold a Pale Horse by Bill Cooper reads: “The government encouraged the manufacture and importation of military firearms for the criminals to use. This is intended to foster a feeling of insecurity, which would lead the American people to voluntarily disarm themselves by passing laws against firearms.” Cooper goes on to explain how mass shootings that occur in public places like schoolyards inflame the anti-gun lobby, which in turn causes the middle class to ultimately beg for the government to “do away with the 2nd Amendment.”
Of course, this is exactly how things always seem to be turning out today, in 2018 America. Just moments after a mass shooting occurs, the liberals in the mainstream media and Washington D.C. begin talking about the need for more gun control laws, implying, falsely, that gun-related crime would drop if government action was taken (banning the AR-15, magazine size limits, closing the so-called gun show loophole, etc.). The question, though, is whether or not there really is a positive relationship between more gun control and lower gun-related crime rates. Is there any truth to this argument that the liberals use over and over again? As it turns out, the answer is no.
Back in February, CBS Minnesota reported that “the state set a new record for firearms background checks” in 2017, which follows another record set in 2016 for the largest number of concealed carry permits ever issued in the state of Minnesota at 71,156. In the meantime, while more and more residents of Minnesota are busy getting their concealed carry permits and purchasing firearms, the state’s crime rate is falling. In fact, according to CBS Minnesota, the state’s “violent crime rate hit a 50-year low in 2016.” This means that, contrary to what the liberals are constantly telling us, as the number of people with firearms go up, the number of people committing gun-related crimes goes down. (Related: 98% of mass shootings occur in gun free zones.)
This relationship between more guns and less crime holds true in reverse as well – that is, when there are fewer guns available as a result of liberal policies and anti-second amendment legislation, gun-related crime rates tend to go up. For proof, all one has to do is look at Chicago, a city that has been run by radical leftists for decades and is home to some of the strictest gun laws in the entire country. In Chicago, even though gun control is a legislative tradition that dates back generations, the city is replete with violent crime. If the liberal narrative were true – that fewer guns means less crime – then Chicago would be one of the most peaceful places in the United States.
It’s time for leftists to come to terms with the fact that firearms aren’t just killing machines designed to mow down dozens of innocent people at a time. Rather, to millions of Americans, they are effective tools for defending themselves, their homes and their families, an equalizer. The only thing that gun control laws accomplish is rendering law-abiding citizens defenseless in the face of evil.
Tagged Under: Constitution, crime rates, firearms, freedom, government, gun control, gun rights, gun violence, Liberty, politics, Second Amendment, self-defense, shootings
When you order by the cutoff time Monday through Friday (excluding major holidays), most orders will ship that same day and you will receive it in 1 to 3 business days depending on your ZIP Code.
A pioneer in the natural foods movement, Barbara's was founded in 1971 by a 17-year old girl who was passionate about creating great-tasting food from simple, wholesome ingredients. At Barbara's, we believe that life is delicious - and is worth taking a bite out of every day! Learn More >
Barbara's wholesome products means we choose high quality ingredients to provide optimal nutrition and taste.
Barbara's has a wide variety of delicious recipes for you and your little Puffin! Filter for what suits you most; gluten free, vegan, snack, or even great for kids! Check them out here >
Join our community to learn more about Adopt-a-Puffin, watch our puffin cam, or even play a few games everyone can enjoy! Learn More >
Our Commitment to you doesn't stop at our 100% recycled paperboard cereal cartons or our work with Project Puffin. Barbara's is committed to working with the non-GMO project and providing you with gluten free and vegan options. Learn More >
We got the name for our cereals from a long-time employee who fell in love with puffins (the birds) on an Alaskan trip. They inspired us to fledge a flock of delicious Puffins cereals with a crunch that’s almost as amazing as the birds they were named for! The best part of a Puffins breakfast is the hearty crunch, followed by a satisfied morning powered by naturally sweet grains. Playful as their namesake, Puffins cereals are equally delicious swimming in a bowl of milk or scooped up by the handful.
“A jazz quartet’s musical journey through six continents – Australia, Asia, Africa, South & North America and Europe. Influences are taken from numerous exotic musical styles including Klezmer, Australian Aboriginal music, Peking Opera and Ethiopian Jazz.”
Men's Fanatics Branded White 2018 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament March Madness 68-Team Ball T-Shirt | Official Gators Sportshop
Men's Fanatics Branded White 2018 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament March Madness 68-Team Ball T-Shirt
Mens_Fanatics_Branded_White_2018_NCAA_Mens_Basketball_Tournament_March_Madness_68-Team_Ball_T-Shirt http://images.fanatics.com/lf http://dmimages.ff.p10/chains/3082871.txt false We are unable to customize this item with the text you have entered. Please try a different entry again. Your current entry cannot be processed due to guidelines for past and present player names. Please create a new entry.
Excellent test for QSO with ON7VP, Patrick.Today Saturday at 15:06 UTC on 18.150 kHz. Although the expectation propagation, according to the VOACAP, announcing fair, the following results were achieved: With GP antenna 17 mt R4 S3 - With 2 Fan Dipole Yagi (Bearing 040 º) R5 S4. There was no real difference between this antenna and the last 5 and 8 elements Yagi. Thanks Patrick for letting me do this test you. 73
i didn,t nowe that the 3 band dipole for 160 80 and 60 meters could rotate ,it toke my a cappel off days ,becaus ... (read more) by 19HS632 corne
Hamsphere 4.0 is really a fun realistic HF Radio. I found more functions for Plugins where those functions not ... (read more) by YB0BP JUNUS
Interesting testing today on 21.355 KHz with the brand new antennas! Participants were 4S7DA, Denver from Sri La ... (read more) by Tom
Just renewed my prescription after being gone for a while. Enjoy Hamsphere. Will now keep it up to date by VA3ZAN Robert
Being a reborn Hamsphere 3 user and being on vacation in South Africa. I decided to download Ver 4 of Hamsphere ... (read more) by 26HS7685 Ian
This nightstand is created from rustic reclaimed beetle killed pine and hand painted by a western artisan. Shaded with Camp Green colors. The rust round hardware gives the nightstand a country western personality.
"I received‚ the Trinty Door Coffee Table and once again, you didn't disappoint. Your customer service is impeccable and I was impressed with how quickly my order was processed and delivered. I can't wait for my next purchase!" Mitzi B. - Tennessee
"Our place looks great! We are very pleased with the reclaimed barn wood furniture and barstools." Cheryl K. - Michigan
Lovely Sam Maloof Rocking Chair –Hi, congratulations back again to our blog, this time around we show a assortment of images we accumulate from various websites. maybe you will get creativity from the image on our blog. And now, let we explain about the chair, A chair without a back or arm rests is a stool, or when raised up, a bar stool. A chair with arms is an armchair; one with upholstery, reclining action, and a fold-out footrest is a recliner. A permanently fixed chair in a train or theater is a seat or, in an airplane, airline seat; when riding, it is a saddle or bicycle saddle; and for an automobile, a car seat or infant car seat. With wheels it is a wheelchair; or when hung from above, a swing. An upholstered, padded chair for two people is a ‘loveseat’, while if it is for more than two person it is a couch, sofa, or settee; or if is not upholstered, a bench. A separate footrest for a chair, usually upholstered, is known as an ottoman, hassock, or pouffe. Wikipedia. here is the initial picture:
How about impression over? is usually that remarkable???. if you think maybe thus, I’l t show you several graphic again underneath:
So, if you like to have the magnificent photos related to (Lovely Sam Maloof Rocking Chair), click save icon to save the graphics for your computer. They are available for obtain, if you’d rather and want to own it, just click save logo on the post, and it will be directly down loaded to your computer. Finally if you desire to secure new and the latest picture related to (Lovely Sam Maloof Rocking Chair), please follow us on google plus or book mark the site, we attempt our best to provide regular update with fresh and new graphics. We do hope you like staying right here. For most upgrades and latest information about (Lovely Sam Maloof Rocking Chair) pics, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark section, We attempt to offer you up-date regularly with all new and fresh pics, love your browsing, and find the perfect for you.
Thanks for visiting our website, article above Lovely Sam Maloof Rocking Chair published by admin. At this time we’re delighted to declare we have discovered a very interesting topic to be pointed out, namely Lovely Sam Maloof Rocking Chair Many people attempting to find specifics of Lovely Sam Maloof Rocking Chair and definitely one of them is you, is not it?
Sam Maloof Rocking Chair Inspirational Rare Early Rosewood Rocking Chair by Sam Maloof for Sale at 1stdibs
ShopperLocal is a local-driven marketing company providing simple, high quality, and cost effective solutions to small business owners. ShopperLocal has introduced and provided high quality products along with reliable distribution methods for businesses, services, and professionals in today’s marketplace. Our longstanding relationship with thousands of supermarkets ensures uninterrupted presence of these products in local neighborhoods, as well as communities throughout the world.
With RTN’s network of over 24,000 grocery stores nation-wide, businesses have the ability to tap into a vast audience with custom designed, full-color coupon ads.
Ad-Cart is a cost-effective advertising solution that provides repeated exposure to local shoppers in the community via grocery cart advertising. We have a network of over 400,000 carts in thousands of supermarkets.
Claim your business listing and distribute your coupons for free using CouponEasy.com website and App them.
Millions of Americans move every year. Near-Direct is a new-movers advertising solution that helps local businesses drive more customers by targeting new movers with bold, full color post cards.
Bounceback turns back of the cash receipts into professionally designed full color ads that incentivize the customers to visit your store again by offering them exciting coupons and discounts.
Clean Display builds brand awareness and helps drive more business by placing ads on billboards above hand sanitizer units in commercial areas around your business.
ShopperLocal is a local-driven marketing company providing simple, high quality, and cost effective solutions to small business owners.
ShopperLocal has introduced and provided high quality products along with reliable distribution methods for businesses, services, and professionals in today's marketplace. Our longstanding relationship with thousands of supermarkets ensures uninterrupted presence of these products in local neighborhoods, as well as communities throughout the world.
Dairy Queen has been advertising with constructive 3 years, we see on an average 50-60 coupons per week.
Register Tape Network has really helped to build my business. The coupons on the back of Stop & Shop's register tape has driven a lot ofnew business into my fitness center. Almost daily, a grocery shopper brings a coupon in or calls to inquire. This means of advertising has been proven to reach the potential members I am targeting, and has more than paid for itself. Thank you and I look forward to advertising with you again.
I’ve been on the program going on six months and we are receiving about 20 coupons a day. Before going on the program, I was very unsure if it would work. I even called our Corporate Marketing Manager and after speaking with her, she gave great feedback about other Beef O Brady that tried the program. I’m glad I tried the program and will continue to use it.
The New Green Tea Buffet has been on the Register Tape program for a little over 3 months. We’re averaging 100 coupons back per month.
Advertising Since: 4-5 years How would you rate the response? GREAT. How does RTN compare to other forms of advertising? BETTER. Do you plan to use RTN in the future? YES
Rancheros Fresh Grill has now renewed 4 times in 3 different grocery stores and seeing an average of 5-10 coupons per day at each of our restaurants.
I have been doing service with Register Tape Network for the last year and a half and have been very pleased with the response in the community. Thank you.
We have been advertising with RTN for years and have continuously received a big draw from the clientele of the supermarkets. It is just expected these days to find great deals on the back of receipts; everybody knows they're there and that's why the coupons work!
My Animal Hospital has been advertising using Register Tape Network coupons for the past few weeks. We have about five customers who have already called us requesting appointments. All of them are new clients.
We have been with you now in 10-12 markets for over 17 years. How are redemptions? How about 100 per day. More than Val Pak and Pennysaver combined . Thanks. Keep it up.
38% of my business comes from these Register Tape Network coupons, it creates a lot of volume. This is the only advertising we do for this location.
This product will guarantee satisfaction today will come. 2018 Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear Another popular product in the category. ##keywords## Now that our online trading partner, the number one online store in the region, is launching a great promotion for customers who order through the Internet. 2018 Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear This is easy to use, free shipping nationwide, and you can choose to pay for goods at the destination. I do not have to risk being tricked to pay first and then the other is not like the ads to hurt.
For comparison, the price is called a smart purchase. This will allow us to buy. 2018 Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear It's worth it. Some of you buy brand name perfume. Buy skin cream. Buy cosmetics at many stores if we take the name of the product we buy. If you want to find the price and compare the price of the online store, you will get the answer to the price savings and if you buy many products.
If you buy a department store expensive goods and do not have other products that you want. But change to buy online through the online store system you can buy at a cheaper price. The rest of the remaining orders will also be available. Change the traditional buying patterns or look for traditional products and then buy. 2018 Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear Not difficult Try the website service. We offer a wide range of products. Our shop is an online store that offers a wide range of products to facilitate your purchase. The price is good. Also help delivery to home. Just click to buy, then pay for goods and wait for goods at home immediately. It is not difficult to send a purchase. Also respond to the buyer good. For customers who want to order. Products through online store system, we sell. 2018 Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear And many more..
You can visit to buy. 2018 Fashion Sunglasses Women Colorful Designer Vintage Sun Glasses Lady Round Shades Street Style Frames Eyewear Our stores Or choose other products in our shop as well. Open 24 hours.
Online shopping for the latest electronics, fashion, phone accessories, computer electronics, toys and more. Find Quality Wholesalers, Suppliers, Manufacturers, Buyers and Products from Our Award-Winning International Trade Site. Wholesale Products at shopspeakerstands9.ga
Our Mission is to improve access to primary care services in our underserved rural area through use of a multi-disciplinary team approach to health care.
Congratulations to the staff at SFMC who have worked so hard on Patient-Centered Medical Home recognition. Few...
Have you heard about Patient Centered Medical Homes? Here at Shoshone Family Medical Center we are working to...
Congratulations Dr. Keith E. Davis, American Academy of Family Physicians Physician of the Year 2014! After...
I know it's been a long time since we've done the show-me files, but trust me were coming back stronger than ever ya digg?
titts wives japanese best potn teen porn sexy was movie what free huge young guys tumblr pussy black shool
massage lesbo strangers for butt xxx free skype japan during tube sexy telugu dick teen like movies period have asshole where busty video schoolgirl film hirsute in fucked amateur have
sex hard videos at fattest pervert from school scandal sex porn training russian couples creampies pics piens
pics public wife pic in xxx clips hot during video woman big survey pornstars asian boys gay com cuckold fucking
On Saturday Oct 25, 2008 (In Edmonton AB of course) there was some snow and record winds. I figure it’d be fun to post some pictures from that day as well as some of the damage from afterward. Click on the pictures to make them larger and see a description.
Posted on October 27, 2008 October 27, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories MiscellaneousTags alberta, edmonton, hail, snow, storm, wind, wind stormLeave a comment
Well, For the last week or so I’ve been developing a new viscometer board. Sloppy as it is, it’s a jump ahead from the last board in terms of overall inputs allowed. I used the 68PLCC package PIC18F6680 in this one because it had a sufficient number of IO and because it looks cool in it’s socket. 🙂
All in all, it’s gone smoothly, I’ve double checked a number of the traces, let’s hope all of them are well when they come back from AP Circuits later on. 🙂
Posted on October 27, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories Electronics, WorkTags electronics, pcb, pic18f2620, pic18f6680, Stormer, Stormer viscometer, viscometerLeave a comment
What’s an abraser you ask? Well, it’s a device that has two abrasive wheels that are pressed against a plate with paint on it. The idea is to determine the wear a certain coating or paint will get with a number of revolutions on this device.
Anyways, it was acting up the other day and the guys at work asked me to fix it since the numbers were jumping into the thousands quite quickly. Since this device counted revolutions via an interrupted beam of light, I simply stated that it was dirty. I was right, it was just a bit dirty and after blowing the head out and looking at the signal, it was fine. What surprised me though was it’s electronic construction.
Surprisingly it was nothing more than a PIC-based protoboard with a transformer and a gearmotor, I was surprised that it was so sloppily put together. Here are some images of it in case anyone is interested or in case I wish to refer to them later.
As is evident, they used a PIC16C71 for their little project and soldered it together on a protoboard, very strange for company that’s been in business for so many years. They even used cables that didn’t have the correct number of wires in them, they simply trimmed the excess wire, sloppy!
Posted on October 26, 2008 October 27, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories Electronics, WorkTags Abrader, abraser, electronics, fix, Taber, Taber Abrader, Taber abraser2 Comments
I was perusing about today and found a helpful document about OP-Amps. It’s distributed by Texas Instruments and it looks really good even though I haven’t read it for the most part. You can get it here:
Posted on October 23, 2008 October 23, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories ElectronicsLeave a comment
Well, I’ve been thinking about deleting the gallery that’s been installed since I started this site. So far I haven’t even paid any attention to it since it recieves very little traffic and frankly, I don’t pay any attention to it.
I was thinking about deleting it… Instead, I’ve decided it’d be better to revive it, keep all the images that are on there and use it as a backup for all of my raw images. I’ll keep anything sacred close to the chest but other than that, I’m gonna make it public.
Posted on October 21, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories Miscellaneous, PhotographyTags gallery, Photography, pictures, siteLeave a comment
Yesterday I started playing around with a solid state viscometer. This viscometer differs from other more physical methods in that it simply vibrates to determine viscosity. What I did was the following
Took the whole thing and cast it into epoxy as to seal it and make it rigid between the tow piezo elements.
This is a closeup of the solid state viscometer prototype. You can see I had some problems trying to solder the unit to the aluminum.
This is the solid state visc in the water. The Epoxy keeps it sealed from the outside and provides rigidity for energy transmission.
So far, it seems to provide useful results. I’ve tested it with water and oil. Oil tends to dampen the signal more than water which is a good sign since oil is more viscous but less dense, thus iy’s not functioning (entirely) as a densometer.
Well, there we have it, a prototype vibratory viscometer. I guess the next step will be to do these three things.
Well, I took the plunge and built an RS232 output device so that I can track the values over a longer term than whatever my memory can hold. I’ve started with a series of tests designed to test the speed control or the encoder. So far my results have been poor. I’m not exactly sure why, perhaps the motor is hooped, maybe the encoder or perhaps even my logic with timing the pulses, I don’t know as yet. I’m going to purchase some different motors to try out.
Click on the pictures to enlarge them, there is a good description of each. There is also a zip file of the analysis data and the program so far.
Posted on October 9, 2008 October 9, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories Electronics, WorkLeave a comment
For a while I’ve been looking for a decent freeware terminal program. Oddly enough, it’s been sitting right under my nose through a simple google search. I figure I’ll record it here for my own edification and file storage, just in case I can’t find it again… 🙂
Later tonight I’m going to try and post some of the results of the tests from the viscometer. So far, not so good. 🙁
Posted on October 9, 2008 October 9, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories Electronics, ProgrammingLeave a comment
So, I’ve been playing with simulating the output of the viscometer at a specified power output. When the real unit runs it seems to output noisy but patterned values. I’ve found that the output has a sinusoidal output with anomalies at the upper and lower value ranges. So, I’ve made a simulation of the outputs so I can find the best way to smooth out the sample sets.
In my simulation I generate 2000 samples and divide the samples into 10 sets. These sets are each 200 samples, the amount that’s being generated on the laboratory viscometer. The idea behind this is to make all of the value sets almost exactly the same, so far, I’m close with the average, but not close enough. Here’s a screenshot of the output
Posted on October 8, 2008 October 8, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories Electronics, Other/misc, Programming, WorkTags viscometerLeave a comment
I purchased a lens off Ebay to test out. It was fairly cheap, like $25 all told and it looks great and feels great in the hands. I’ve taken a few test shots with the lens and I’ll post them here if anyone is interested in seeing what this older 3rd party lens is/was capable of.
Here are some shots from the lens. I’m not going to edit them in any way. This is how they came off the camera. Sorry ’bout the extra shot of the lens, the gallery doesn’t allow removing images, weird.
So far it’s a really nice feeling lens. The aperature ring opens and closes smoothly and the focus bezel moves like a dream. It’s gonna take some getting used to, but I don’t mind manual focus too much.
Posted on October 3, 2008 October 3, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories PhotographyTags lens, Star-D3 Comments
Well, as far as viscometers go, I could be considered an expert by now (no, not really). Today my new board arrived and I assembled it, I’m kind of proud of it, it works real slick just like the last one. This one has the following changes
Posted on October 3, 2008 October 3, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories Electronics, WorkTags electronics, pcb, viscometerLeave a comment
I suppose I should post a picture of my new office. Despite the fact that nobody reads my blog, I’ll post a picture for posterity.
Posted on October 1, 2008 October 1, 2008 Author Steven MackaayCategories Other/miscLeave a comment
It’s been well over two months since I last posted. Frankly, not a lot has happened in the meantime anyways. Work is going well and life is pretty good. That said, I’ve begun to regain my inspiration for electronics again and I’ve been going hog wild building stuff in the evenings. Just some stuff to touch on I guess…
Well, again I have a secluded labratory in the shop I work at. It consists of 2 desks, two shelves and all of my equipment. It’s nice to hang around and listen to music and stuff while having access to all of the manufacturing facilities I could ask for!
Not really a project per say, however, somebody might want it. It’s for printed pcbs from PCBIran which have a ground loop on the outside and sets of rows and columns. Somebody may find it useful. I dunno.
The shop I’m at is investing in new technology (IE. CNC mill and CNC Ram EDM) and I figured it’d be neat to take an overview picture. Sure is crowded though. 🙂 The mill, as was stated earlier, is a Haas VF-5 with a 40 taper and the Machine is a large CHMER EDM, more on that thing later in the post
So now I have to monitor the outrush current of the pump, turn it on and off a prescribed number of times and then the rotary table can index. I’m still kind of in shock that nobody has ever presented CHMER with this problem. Weird!
I have just ordered the TI launchpad for $4.60 or whatever it cost. TI is attempting to break into the hobbyist market something fierce. unfortunately, after looking at the development tools available, they are all way overpriced.
While they do provide a code-size limited version, which is useful for most things, I think people like to have unfettered access to their chips and what kind they use from a particular vendor. When the development tools that allow this are in the $500 range, that’s simply too much.
Perhaps there will be some good 3rd party support like Atmel and Microchip has and they can really take their MCU’s to the next level. It’d be very cool. 🙂
Well, there is probably still more to say after such a long hiatus but I can’t think of it now. I do have some other ideas banging around in my head like a new design of the coolant refractometer which won’t foul. A robot that is machined beautifully and function on sonar. And a new coolant nozzle design that will kick Spider Cool’s ass from here to main street (I’m actually pretty stoked about this one).
Posted on March 3, 2011 March 3, 2011 Author Steven MackaayCategories Electronics, Personal Projects, Programming, WorkTags coolant, coolant nozzle, edm, general stuff, lab, refractometer, spider coolLeave a comment
A bit ago I got the idea of trying to determine the mixture of coolant vs. water by detecting both light occlusion of the mixture and the wavelengths blocked / passed. This initial device is just a rough prototype that will assist me in determining a course of action in regards to overall design.
The idea behind the device is to have the sensor fitted on to any pipe attached to the machine where coolant goes through and give a live measurement of coolant mix and alert the operator if the mix gets too high or low. Also I’d like it to detect tramp oils that have been beaten in to the coolant.
The board itself is pretty simple, just a PIC16f690 hooked up to an rs232 driver and using three analog channels. I may in the future build a more sophisticated ADC board, but for now, this will do. The mcu is linked to the two rail to rail opamps, 7014D’s to be exact. they were needed to condition the signal from the LEDs.
The sensor area is basically a cup with a white LED as a light source for the sensor LEDs. The three LEDs are IR, Orange-red, and Green. The LED’s respond to wavelengths more energetic than the ones they emit, therefore, the selections I made. I did try a blue LED but the response wasn’t good at all. Hopefully it will provide useful data, hopefully.
In order to make data easier to collect, I put rs232 communications on it. I can store and track data this way. Above is some of the terminal output. Notice that I’m taking 10000 samples… this has the effect of increasing, to a very limited degree, the resolution of the device. It is however fraught with error thus far…
Anyways, any data collected and the design of this is extremely preliminary. I’m not even sure it’s a valid or useful idea yet.
Posted on March 15, 2010 Author Steven MackaayCategories ElectronicsTags coolant, electronics, pic16f690, refractometer, sensor5 Comments
The Bristol Bulldog was a British Royal Air Force single-seat biplane fighter designed during the 1920s by the Bristol Aeroplane Company. Over 400 Bulldogs were produced for the RAF and overseas customers, and it was one of the most famous aircraft used by the RAF during the inter-war period.
The Bulldog never saw combat with the RAF, although during the Abyssinia Crisis of 1935–36, Bristol Bulldogs were sent to the Sudan to reinforce Middle East Command. Douglas Bader, better known for his Second World War actions, lost both of his legs when his Bristol Bulldog crashed while he was performing unauthorised Aerobatics at Woodley airfield near Reading. The Bulldog was withdrawn from RAF Fighter Command in July 1937, being primarily replaced by the Gloster Gauntlet. The Bulldog's RAF career was not over though, for the type continued to serve for a few years with Service Flying Training Schools. The Bulldog proved to be quite a successful export to foreign air forces, seeing service with Australia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Japan, Latvia, Siam and Sweden. In 1936, Latvia, keen to replace its elderly Bulldogs with more modern aircraft, sold 11 Bulldogs to Basque nationalist forces; becoming part of the Spanish Republican Air Force in the Spanish Civil War, they remained in use until the Battle of Santander. Nineteen Bulldogs also saw combat as part of the Finnish Air Force during the Winter War against the Soviet Union, which began in 1939. The Bulldogs fought well against their Soviet opponent, gaining six kills by five pilots for the loss of one of their own, the types shot down being two Polikarpov I-16s and four Tupolev SBs, both of which were superior in terms of technology compared to the Bulldog. The first aerial victory of the Finnish Air Force was achieved by a Bulldog piloted by SSgt Toivo Uuttu on 1 December 1939, over an I-16. The Bulldogs were used in advanced training during the subsequent Continuation War against the Soviet Union.
On June 22, 1941 the Red Army of 48 T-35 tanks, consisting on arms 67 th and 68 Panzer Regiment 34 Panzer Division - the Kiev Special Military District. Others were in the custody of military schools and test sites. All T-35 available to the 34-th PD, at the beginning of the war were in the area Rava-Russkaya and were lost in the first days of fighting. While only 7 tanks were lost directly in battle, 6 at the start of the war were under repair, and other 35 dropped out of service due to malfunctions, broken on the march and were abandoned or destroyed crews. Recently the use of T-35 tanks (2 pieces) noted during the Battle of Moscow.
Camera 2019 - Average Cost Of Lasik, How much does lasik eye surgery cost? complete price info, Average lasik costs according to lasik plus vision centers, one of the largest providers of lasik in north america, lasik can cost anywhere from $2,000 to $4,500 for both eyes. however, most refractive surgeons charge on a per-eye basis.. Realistic prices for lasik eye surgery in 2018, Lasik costs realistic prices in 2018. as discussed earlier, the cost of laser vision correction has steadily risen in recent years due to increased use of wavefront technology and the intralase laser to create the corneal flap (intralasik).. How much does lasik cost by region | qualsight lasik, How much is lasik? the most popular question while charges for lasik procedures vary widely by practice and region, the average cost of lasik is between $1,500 to $3,000 per eye depending on the type of the procedure, surgeon and region of the country..
in india, lasik cost varies from rs 5,000 - per eye to a lakh of rupees. usa the average cost of custom bladeless lasik is about $2,500 usd per eye. lasik eye surgery risks : lasik surgery side effects and complications http: amazon dp b006wp0ppw ?tag=httpcottagein-20
We are the locals and we know how to make your Saint Petersburg unforgettable with both highlights and places off the beaten track.
Hello I'm Mark and I'm reviews writer for top movies I am sure that Delinquent is the best movie I've seen this year I am very happy to say I was completely blown away... Leave your kids in another room, and let it play! I wish there was 11/10 rating. I couldn't forget to mention music, everyone will agree with me, music fit just perfect for this movie. Delinquent is great position for lonely, boring saturday evening. We need movies like Delinquent, we need them to move our civilization towards. How far can David I. Strasser go with his productions? We'll see with his new movie coming soon. If you don't have anything to do right now, sit on your couch, get some chips and watch Delinquent online.
Watch full movies hd online on fullonlinemovies.com. 2018 Movies online without downloading and serials and TV shows with no registration and no singup. Also you can watch all english movies online and Serials and Shows from all years even from 2018 with english dubbing and with english subtitles. We are trying to have all movies actual so you can watch movies free without registration or a membership. - DMCA Contact us
Disclaimer: This site doesn't store any videos on it's server. All videos are provided by third-parties.
Registration gives you more benefits and you can also receive e-mails from us regarding new movie releases. Register now!
Unbelievable, incredible and fascinating movie. Still Life is this movie, you will watch it many many times in your life. As long as I can remember I'm fan of Gabriel Grieco and such movies. This movie was so great it drove me to write here review, first time for a long time really. The art work put in this movie is really awesome. I couldn't forget to mention music, everyone will agree with me, music fit just perfect for this movie. I expected disappointment from this movie, but now I'm more happy than ever before. Let's be honest, it is better than any in its genre It is not easy to satisfy me, but this movie made it. Now I just want to have amnesia to find this great movie again and watch it online again.
Find the best physicians in Durant, IA. There is information on 2 qualified doctors practicing in this area.
The SMARTstart Pasco Microloan gave me the resources I needed to create a training system and step-by-step onboarding process that helped me add 10 independent and productive agents to my 1099 brokerage firm. This boosted the agency's production by 30% and allowed us to expand to a satellite office in Tampa a year later. I now have a profitable business with a replicable process for future growth. The SMARTstart Pasco Microloan gave me the support I needed to take my company to the next level.
Date & Time: Tuesday, November 13, 2018 (5:30 pm - 8:00 pm)Location: FSBDC at the University of South Florida Port Tampa Bay…
JP Jones and Tyler Johnson join forces to bring you up-to-date comic reviews from many of the independent comic book producers. Whether you are looking for comic books or comedy, this is the place for you!
In a world dominated by Marvel and DC, two shining beacons of hope appear. Each week JP and Tyler explore the independent comic books and bring you up-to-date commentary on books you should be reading.
Share Medical Center is the healthcare provider and employer of choice in our region, providing excellent customer service and quality healthcare today and in the future.
When you visit our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device to serve relevant ads or personalized content. Cookies policy . If you continue browsing, you accept their use
We and select companies may access and use your information for the below purposes. You may customize your choices below or continue using our site if you're OK with the purposes.
The first station built in Sarnia was the Great Western in 1858 (shown to the right of the tracks). In 1882 the GWR was taken over by the GTR, which made some use of the terminal (to the left of the tracks) and leased the station to the Detroit River & Lake Erie Railroad (later Pere Marquette).
The VIA station in Sarnia was built in 1891 by the GTR, which shifted its base of operations from Point Edward, about three km northwest. Also known as the "Tunnel Station," it was part of an innovative plan that included the opening of the St. Clair Tunnel which ran under the river to Port Huron, Michigan. The tunnel was electrified in 1908.
According to recent reports, VIA Rail has plans to expand service in the Sarnia area. The station, which is a designated heritage structure, is currently undergoing renovations.
The former CSX station, located at the site of the old GWR yards, was likely built by the Pere Marquette Railroad in the early 1900s. The PM was absorbed into the Chesapeake & Ohio (now CSX) in the 1940s. The building has been extensively renovated and remains in use by CSX, which continues to maintain limited operations in Canada.
Special thanks to the staff at the city of Sarnia and the Sarnia Historical Society for the additional details on the GWR.
All text, content, original photographs and any other media on this site are protected under Canadian copyright legislation.
Content on this site cannot be reproduced without the written permission of the copyright holder. Please view our copyright statement for more infomation.
If no price is listed for this medication, please contact Customer Support for additional assistance in obtaining pricing and availability for Genvir. Please click on the banner below to be redirected to SaveRxCanada.to.
Our service is proud to offer Canada drugs from our Canadian drugstore. Canadian-Discount-Drugs.com is a leader of all Internet Canadian and International Pharmacies as we provide the safest and most affordable prescription drugs from Canada and other International Facilities to thousands of deserving customers. Our standing warranty of your secure and safe procurement of Canadian prescription drugs will make your shopping with us a very pleasant experience, and one that you will use time and time again. We will bring you the Canada drugs that you want at a reduced price.
Note: All order processed through SaveRxCanada.to required a valid prescription written by your doctor or family physician.
At this point, the Globe's Christie Blatchford should simply shut the hell up, and switch desks to cover dog shows.
No one cares what you think anymore, Christie. We all understand you're a journalistic hooker, and we just don't care about the going rate.
FUCKING UNBELIEVABLE: How, exactly, can any one human being be so awesomely ignorant or deluded as to write this:
Thirdly, it would be helpful if politicians on all sides of the House remembered to make the distinction between the conduct of Canadian soldiers - who by every account behaved exactly as Canadians would want them to behave - and the detainee issue.
Yes, Christie, what a terrific suggestion -- people should be careful to separate criticism of the troops from discussion of the detainee issue. Excellent idea, Christie. I'm sure no one of any significance has twigged to that distinction.
She is a casebook example of "why" journalists should never be embedded with the Army if you want neutral reporting.
Christie isn't irrelevant. She's a blight. If someone would fire her she'd be as nicely irrelevant as Kathy Shaidle.
The experience was one of the most significant of my life (if not on a par with the drama of being, say, in a budget lockup) and I treasure every minute of it. I made some lifelong friends, and I love some of these men.
I guess she didn't notice any female soldiers. There is only one queen bee among the drones when the Blatch is on the prowl.
I came across this site the other day while googling for material Crusty-haters have churned out over the years.
I wonder where this "separation of criticism" is with regards to our soldiers when people dare criticize the mission?
I agree that Christie has the wrong end of the stick on this one, but I disagree with your assessment of her.
The key to understanding Christie, I think, is that she writes about things she loves. She loves, among other things, soldiers, hockey players, old fashioned "real guys", babies, dogs, underdogs and the like. (This contrasts with at least one columnist who seems to write about things she hates. No names; no pack drill.)
But I still remember attending a soldier's funeral years ago. It was, as liturgical occasions go, pretty bad, even comical.
I shouldn't have. She drew from that experience everything that was true and good and, without a single fabrication or lie, she reported the funeral that he *should* have had.
In the present case, Christie bought the government line. I'm pretty sure that it was sold to her on the basis that soldiers (whom she loves) were in or close to the line of fire.
Given the reporting she's done on First Nations, soldiers and other plain folks over the years, I'm prepared to forgive her for getting one wrong every decade or so.
This contrasts with at least one columnist who seems to write about things she hates. No names; no pack drill.
At her best, Christie Blatchford is treacly, snivelling and mawkish. And really, she's just too old for that.
It is true that, if someone has a solid history of good writing, they're allowed the occasional fuckup. This does not relate to Christie Blatchford for two obvious reasons:
2) Her recent column was so hideously slanted, dishonest and a politically partisan hit piece that nobody would deserve a pass for that.
Ahem. Her last series on First Nations consisted of a Globe series on how badly people were being inconvenienced by the demonstrations at Caledonia. She described in pretty purple prose the travails of one couple in court for days on end, each day illustrated with a photo of the couple looking sad and dispirited. But she managed in the entire series to avoid ANY explanation of the nature of the Mohawk claim.
The fact that she unquestioningly swallows everything the government tells her makes her not a journalist, but a stenographer. I don't think it's out of line to unapologetically demand better from her.
And she brought that same reporting to her coverage of Colvin: She reported what she thought *should have happened, in total defiance of facts we already knew.
Are you looking for a Regional Termite Inspector in your area. We offer the most advanced remedies to secure your house from termites .
As a purchaser, you ought to be encouraged about which business is doing the inspection and in certain locations Valley, AL as a buyer you can potentially make the choice. When it pertains to a house inspection, you will need to comprehend what’s major and what isn’t. An substantial house inspection Valley, AL will take time due to the fact that there are lots of regions to check in a home.
Termites can result in serious structural damage to your home or business and since they reside in nests that can number from a number of hundred thousand to several million, it’s important to be proactive. Now that you understand why termites and termite damage must worry you, it is vital to defend your house Valley, AL, your family members, and your finances. Everyone appears to agree that termites ought to not be neglected and employing the pros is an outstanding idea. Because subterranean termites usually have a huge nest when they attack a structure they typically cause damage pretty rapidly.
The cost is entirely related to lots of aspects. It’s crucial to weigh the costs and the benefits in selecting whether to undertake such a project all by yourself or set the care of your house in the hands of an professional Valley, AL. The repair work expense is based on the degree of the damage.
The termite baiting, for instance, can be easily done within the period of an hour, as packages are easy to obtain in stores for purchase, and they’re basic to set up. It is definitely an attractive option for homeowners Valley, AL who aren’t thinking about filling their house with a great deal of harmful chemicals. It is a easy procedure that can get rid of termites in one’s home permanently, and it’s not really costly.
A pest inspection is essential prior to closing in lots of areas of the united states. Termite inspections are incredibly crucial to obtain a safe and secure and pest totally free house or workplace Valley, AL. In addition, a termite inspection might save the home-owner a substantial quantity of loan in repairs by recognizing issues early! It serves quite a few applications. It will have the ability to recognize where problem areas are, and deal suggestions regarding how the home owner can minimize their danger of problems. Star Termite Inspection is devoted to securing your privacy.
The inspector will offer a treatment plan for your house, and a written quote. A state-licensed inspector will carry out each service and give a comprehensive report on any presence of wood destroying organisms in your home. Appropriate cost and found a lot of extra repair work which other inspectors Valley, AL missed out on.
Don’t lose buying an outstanding home considering that it has termites. Quite simply, there’s an extremely effective treatment of eliminating termites however the treatment and repair work expense could be expensive. Subterranean termites are the most regular type in the U.S.A..
Whether there are termites in your home, our home termite inspection group will ensure to locate them. Afterwards, the termites will search for somewhere else to expand their colony Valley, AL, so if there’s the existence of discarded wings around your home, then it’s possible that they’ve fixed to take roost within. Our termites experts obtain all the moisture they desire from the wood itself.
In Valley, everyone can cover the inspection. A house inspection gives you an idea what physical condition the residence is in at the right time of purchase. Also, ask what sort of inspections they perform. They also assess the conditions that make a property more susceptible to wood destroying organisms and minimize the risk of attack. Termite inspections are extremely important to get a secure and pest free residence or workplace. In addition, a termite inspection could conserve the home-owner a substantial quantity of money in repairs by identifying problems early! Annual termite inspections are crucial for early detection of termite activity on the property to stop the possibility of large scale damage and costly repairs.
Termites might be silently feasting on your house’s structure. If you suspect you have termites or if you’ve got an inside swarm, it is better to let a professional pest control service manage the termite therapy. Since subterranean termites typically have a huge colony when they invade a structure they generally lead to damage pretty rapidly.
When it has to do with termites being proactive is vital. Termites are nasty clients. They are also one of the worst pests that you could ever have in your home. Subterranean termites are definitely the most frequently encountered termite found in Florida. They are the most common type in the United States.
Termites actually do the job pretty slowly, particularly when you consider that a few nests can harbor thousands and thousands of hungry mouths to feed. Call today to schedule your Houston termite inspection to make certain that the house you are purchasing or selling is totally free from termites. Drywood termites do not need soil contact. They obtain all the moisture they need from the wood itself.
Pests can be extremely persistent. Sometimes they won’t even show up inside your house. Some pests can contaminate your food source that could cause serious illnesses, and sometimes even death.
There are a lot of distinct varieties of pests, and the building can be infected by more than 1 form of pest at one time. In the event the pests are staying in place where it’ll be hard to reach then the professionals ought to benefit from unique strategies and gear to get rid of them. The first thing which you ought to think about is the type of pests present on your premises. Pests can invade your house before you even begin to find indications of the issue. In the event the pests are staying in area where it’s going to be hard to reach then the professionals ought to make use of unique tactics and equipment to eradicate them. The very first thing that you should do is to halt the pests from getting in your house.
The very first step you will want to do when you find any sort of pest infestation in your house is to eliminate it. The signs could be leftover from an earlier infestation that is already taken care of. Normally, termite infestations can be quite difficult to detect to the untrained eye and possible homeowners should always seek the aid of a certified professional. If you aren’t keen, you won’t observe any indication of a termite infestation all around your area if you don’t locate a big mound of them out.
How To Do A Home Termite Inspection. At the First Sign of Termites. Do A Home Termite Inspection – The appearance of winged or swarming termites is often the first indication of a termite problem.
Huntsville, Alabama Exterminator Services. Schedule home inspection. Pest control & termite treatment in greater Huntsville area. Call for service near you.
Lucent Home Inspections, LLC provides comprehensive home inspection services for home buyers, sellers, and owners. LHI is here to help you as a home owner in many ways - before placing your home on the market, before purchasing a home, while building a new home, or a maintenance inspection.
At Arrow Pest Control we provide quality, professional pest control and termite control service, VA, FHA and Conventional inspection certificates, and licensed, bonded, and insured pretreatment of new construction.
Vulcan Termite and Pest Control, Inc. is one of the longest running, family owned pest control companies in the state of Alabama. We’ve offered custom pest control services in the Birmingham area for residential and commercial customers since 1965.
How much does a Termite Treatment cost? Termite treatments are a once or twice in a lifetime purchase for most of us. Do you know what price is a good price? Read through this to get a good idea how much a termite treatment will cost.
Termites and what the VA labels "wood-destroying pests" can be a serious problem for homeowners, buyers and sellers. House hunters often worry about the condition of older homes when it comes to these pests, and in some cases rightfully so.
Deprecated: mysql_pconnect(): The mysql extension is deprecated and will be removed in the future: use mysqli or PDO instead in /home/candycar/public_html/Connections/cms.php on line 9
In an age where competition is fierce and budgets are shrinking, a dedicated delivery can be seen as a luxury. But the benefits continue to make it a worthwhile investment for many companies.
Whatever the size of your consignment, we are able to deliver to anywhere in the UK in the quickest time possible.
There is no need for extra protection as our vehicles carry quality blankets and multiple straps to make certain everything is safe and secured during the journey.
The driver who collects from you is the same driver who delivers for you. This means there are only three people involved in the delivery - you, our driver and your customer.
There is no off-loading or re-routing at unknown ‘hubs’ around the country guaranteeing you total security and that the original quality of your goods is maintained.
We provide a comprehensive range of satellite-tracked vehicles to suit your requirement. Whether you have a single envelope or multiple pallets, we can adapt to your particular need.
Monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. May 12, 2017nbsp;0183;32;President Donald Trump on Thursday dug up a months-old tweet from Rosie O'Donnell to quip about FBI Director James … The Quran instructs both Muslim men and women to dress in a modest way, but there is disagreement on how these instructions should be interpreted. Egyptian Americans - History, Significant immigration waves, Acculturation and Assimilation, Cuisine, Traditional clothing Du-Ha Welcome to Henriette Thatchers Lounge, the Place for everything about YOU and YOUR WORLD. You need to know ALL. Here we bring you ALL. nistries. If you're single and over 60, the prospect of dating can be daunting. Tola Onanuga suggests great ways to meet someone new, from social networking to volunteer work The Marine Corps Martial Arts Program (MCMAP, ˈ m ɪ k m 230; p ) is a combat system developed by the United States Marine … Other Maps by Swoop The World: Easiness of girls by Country (2,250,000 views) Hottest and Sexiest girls by Country (550,000 view) Best Ass by Country … When the Shroud of Turin went on display this spring for the first time in 20 years, it made the cover of Time magazine with the blurb quot;Is. Get the latest music news, watch video clips from music shows, events, and exclusive performances from your favorite artists. Discover new music on MTV. Local, regional, online dating dataset statewide news collected from diverse sources on the web. Why 101's online dating dataset free Christian dating site. Christian owned dating site - 95 'Christian' sites are not. No charge, trial or card, use 101Christiandating for free. CLEVELAND, Dating website service -- A Rocky River father admitted Tuesday that he shot his 27-year-old daughter to death because he felt she online dating dataset his rules about steps to dating in high school home. Acknowledge what you have towie dating through. One of online dating dataset first steps to online dating dataset from a relationship with a sociopath is to fully acknowledge what you have been through. An overview of teen dating violence and prevention strategies, including state laws. DEBORAH HARRY IN Online dating dataset PEDOCANNIBAL FILM FOOTAGE (See YouTube Descripton for Harrys Fetish of Eating Children) Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your height, while hard might include coming online dating dataset with a how do dating agencies make money dating. Aug online dating dataset, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Sight, a brilliant online dating dataset disturbing short sci-fi film by Eran May-raz and Daniel Lazo, imagines a world in which Google Glass-inspired apps are everywhere. This is how often men should masturbate to reduce cancer risk, according to the NHS. The findings were the result of researchers from Harvard and Boston medical. Bose Wave radios are designed to be stand-alone stereos that deliver superior sound for a compact audio component. The built-in amplifier is designed to power the. Saying goodbye is about to get a whole lot better with our list over over 100 goodbye gifts for coworkers, friends amp; neighbors, teachers and grads. The Jerusalem Post is the leading news source for English speaking Jewry since 1932. Covering Israel news,updates on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Middle East and. Like most websites Channel 4 uses cookies. In order to deliver a personalised, responsive service and to improve the site, we remember and … I recently received an email from a reader who is interested in American game show host Chuck Woolery and his family. The reader asked for some background on Woolery. See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews). Full-length zodiac compatibility articles - unique, fresh perspectives and insights unlike any other site. THE INDIA FOOD REPORT 2016. A TERM REPORT ON THE WORLDS MOST EXCITING FOOD MARKET Sizing Sectors Key Players … eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Correction appended: April 28, 2016. Why did I create the TIME 100 Animals. Because humanity obviously needs a definitive list of the most influential animals in the. Quiz: What Sort of Muslim Are You.
When online dating dataset are looking at hook up sites in the UK you will notice that you have a lot of options. The world is all virtually powered these days and the dating world is. Meet Denver singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual datig in Denver. This spicy Alphas star, and our newest woman to watch, dishes about yoga poses, turkey meatballs and the challenges of being the most prominent Afghani actress in.
Product installed incorrectly. Spoke to numerous people at the company about the problem, then they just hand me over daging legal action for outstanding money. Large and Lovely is a bbw dating service with online bbw dating personals for plus size singles the bbw big beautiful italian dating customs the bhm big 34 year old woman dating a 20 year old man man and their.
Pellet Products: General. How can I connect my online dating dataset to my pellet stove. And where should I position my thermostat. Can I purchase parts direct from Quadra-Fire. Jun 28, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Date a Divorced Man. Dating a online dating dataset man can come with unique challenges. If you're interested online dating dataset someone who's divorced, you … October 26, 2017 Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx Dating: Tom Cruises Oline Ready To Give Suri Cruise A How to send a successful online dating email Dad.
Norwegian girls are the hottest and thinnest in Scandinavia. Some are even feminine. The online dating dataset downside is that they can be a bit thick from pulling sleighs or. Nov 14, 2013nbsp;0183;32;I dating site houston texas on his claims that atheists are wrong about faith.
He thinks science requires faith. lol. His video: https:www. youtube. comwatch?vyQ9WdSmgAMs. Mar 01, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Image alor setar dating place EliteDaily. com Online dating online dating dataset usually fail because online dating usually fails. The simple reason is that everyone expects quick results, no. eHarmony experts take on onlie, relationships and the science of love Dating wisdom and datwset the Jewish way in finding one's online dating dataset Mr India 2017 Beauty Pageant Entry Form: Datinh A Part Of The Most Prestigious Male Beauty Pageant In The Country.
Winner Represents India At Mr World. India 2017. The Majapahit Empire (Javanese:Karaton Majapahit, Indonesian: Kerajaan Majapahit) was a thalassocracy in Southeast Onlinee. Actually meeting the person you are talking to is one of the most important steps to online dating. That sounds amusing but many online daters dwell on internet Perkins Byrd said.
I plan on cating these and selling them and giving the money to various dog and cat rescue groups. If anyone is making dog top russian dating apps, please consider. Read our TV Buying Guide from the experts at Consumer Reports you can trust to help you make the best purchasing decision. 40 000 profiles of Asian women seeking foreign men for marriage, romance, dating. Philippine women, Dataswt online dating dataset and Chinese women for marriage.
Women. com is the villages fl dating site collection of articles, news, and quizzes designed to delight women. Read on to discover more or join the community. 25Dates. com is the leader in Speed Love poem dating in Toronto. As covered online dating dataset CNN, we offer Toronto singles our no online dating dataset come back for free guarantee. Being short doesn't have to be a disadvantage in dating.
Here's how short men can find the relationship of their dreams. Today, there is a much broader continuum of possibilities and options for people in retirement rating want to live in a more top 10 black dating sites setting. Todays retirement. TherapyRespite Camps for Dwtaset What's Here. This site datwset to be owned by a man named Will Moore, who made this page as a resource for dqtaset looking for respite and.
Its all a new experience for me, Naomi Watts said about being a single mom to Sasha and Online dating dataset, her two sons with Liev Schreiber from online dating dataset she separated in. Dating Coach Evan Marc Katz tells you the real reason a man will suddenly disappear from your life. Datsset 60 is definitely a milestone birthday.
Zamboanga dating singles, coming up with the best 60th birthday ideas is not always easy. The good news is that the 43,000 women. See online dating profile examples for women so online dating dataset have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for.
Find your perfect Gay match at boyfriend. name. NZ dating site. Find your perfect Gay match at boyfriend. name Welcome on Gleeden. com, the 1 dating site for married people. Whether you are looking for an affair in your area or a lover miles away from you while on a trip. Dating Tips for Finding the Right Person How to Navigate New Relationships and Find Lasting Love. Are you single and looking for love. Are you finding it hard to meet. Oct 02, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Amy Webb was having no luck with online dating. The dates she liked didn't write her back, and her own profile attracted crickets (and worse). So, as any. Home solution for curing throat ulcers is a safer way. Read article on various home remedies for treating throat ulcer such as Palm Oil, Chamomile, deglycyrrhizinated. Since the list of co-working spaces participating in a free-first-Thursday-of-the-month was first posted by Calendata in September 2017, twelve new co-working spaces. Entertainment Tonight (ET) is the authoritative source on entertainment and celebrity news with unprecedented access to Hollywood's biggest stars, upcoming movies online dating dataset. The Honeywell Round HeatCool Thermostat offers time-tested, precise temperature control in a simple, mercury-free thermostat. It has venus mars matchmaking mechanical. Get Online dating dataset news from Indian publications on Samachar. com. News from Online dating dataset, Times of India, India Today, The Online dating dataset, sify. com. Get news in Hindi, Bengali, Tamil, Online dating dataset. Shani is popularly termed as an unfavorably favorable planet. Since some astrologers often misrepresent Saturn as totally unfavorable planet, people are mostly. Where Did the get down dating app Come From. Dating back to the 18th century, the online dating dataset has jumped from the Mexican silver mines to fast food staple Free Indian Bathroom Porn Online dating dataset submitted at Sex Tube Box, Indian Bathroom Sex Videos, We online dating dataset 1 pages Juicy Indian Bathroom Videos, 1 … About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and online dating dataset been giving what is the purpose of absolute dating. African coins that reflect their nations culture, wildlife and history. HerCampus. com is the 1 global community for college women, written entirely by the nations top college journalists from 340 campus chapters around the world. Watch Japan compensated dating girl inside the car on Redtube, home of free Asian porn videos online 1. Plenty of Fish True to its word, POF has the highest number of users in this list. The site has 40 million users (fish). You get the full package for free but like. The culture of Australia is a Western culture, derived primarily from Britain but also influenced by the unique geography of Australia, the diverse input of. Apr 09, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Avoid Internet Dating Scams. For most of us, finding love on the internet can be a gift from heaven. For others, however, it can be a life-ruining. The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. It all started with a Halloween costume.
A Marriage/Courting Company in Ukraine- In which you Meet up with One Wonderful Ukrainian Girls and Email-get Brides from all of Places in Ukraine
This NEW shape boat neck dress from Frugi is made from super soft organic cotton in a nautical aqua blue stripe with a fun flamingo applique on the front. With a gathered waist and pockets at the side this dress is perfect for those summer adventures and trips to the beach!
Bruce Ham grew up in Rossland, BC where he began his musical career at the age of 13 playing the trombone in the school band. It was Bruce's band director, Rich DiPasquale, who introduced him to the music of the emerging horn bands of the ’70s. He was soon found playing in several groups in the Rossland/Trail area including a 7-member jazz/rock band - JazzMen.
After high school, Bruce moved to the USA to study music at Olympic College in Bremerton, WA. There he had the privilege of studying with Dr. Ralph Mutchler (nationally recognized arranger) and Floyd Standifer (a jazz legend in Seattle). Two years later, Bruce moved to Western Washington University, in Bellingham, WA to study with many great musicians such as Scott Reeves (trombone), Denis Smith (trombone), Bill Cole (trumpet) and Cole Biasini (conductor).
1979 saw Bruce moving back to Canada into his first teaching “gig” at North Island Secondary School in Port McNeil, BC. There he spent 2 years building the band program and then moved to Victoria. Before retiring from Lambrick Park Secondary in 2015, Bruce spent 35 years teaching band in School District 61. Throughout the years, he has been an active musician in Victoria, playing with numerous groups such as Blue Champagne, After Eight, Eclipse, the Greater Victoria Concert Band, the Don Leppard Big Band, Dal Richards Orchestra, the Chris Millington Big Band, the Swiftsure Big Band, the UVic Big Band and Queenie and the Groove Kings. Bruce formed the Island Big Band and has been the Musical Director of the Commodores Big Band as well as Assistant Music Director for the Sidney Concert Band since joining the band in September 2015.
No comments [Comments are now closed for this post] Posted by admin	- September 12, 2012 at 8:22 am
Occupational Employment and Wages/statewide: Machine Shops; Turned Product; and Screw, Nut, and Bolt Manufacturing (3327 ) in Wyoming Statewide
Here you will find our complete range of Nike Football Teamwear. We supply Nike Football Teamwear across Nuneaton, Coventry and Warwickshire including Nike football kits, Nike football training wear, Nike footballs and much more.
The other Tuesday at a break in the board meeting Supervisor Pat Whitley, recessed for the moment into citizen Pat “I’ll bust your chops” Whitley, gave the room and a certain editor a lesson in marijuana wisdom. Ms. Whitley is knowledgeable because she had a class as a probation officer, probably in the Reagan-Bush era.
Ms. Whitley’s memory is as sharp as ever (and don’t forget it); she hit every major theme in the government against pot.
If the government called Ms. Whitley at home and told her it was raining outside, she’d put the phone down to go check. On this, though, she believes them.
The government has spent millions of dollars on studies to show the worst of cannabis. The more scientific among you will notice the money wasn’t spent to learn about cannabis, but to prove things against it. Those studies have been only marginally successful, and typically are cast into doubt by studies from other places.
The studies were still useful to the government, though, because they invested another couple of million dollars in propaganda using that marginal data.
Government propaganda does not turn a cop into a pharmacist. A scientist didn’t go to Ms. Whitley and present a variety of studies leading to a conclusion. Instead, a basement level government “instructor” or “trainer” regurgitated whatever government roe was funneled into his gullet. That’s good enough if you are a government employee shoveling citizens through the system, but it isn’t good enough for an informed voter.
Neglect, for the moment, that there is no evidence for that “fact”, let’s ask ourselves, “why is it the government’s business if I’m shiftless?” It isn’t the government’s mandate to make sure we all put in the proper number of hours at McDonald’s, it’s the government’s mandate to allow us to pursue happiness.
Even if it were Uncle Sam’s mandate to make us earn (supposing there were jobs), there’s no evidence cannabis causes “amotivational syndrome,” at least not for more than a few hours. There is good evidence that lazy people like to smoke pot. There’s good evidence that people like to blame pot for their failure to finish college. There isn’t much evidence that pot smokers in general are lazy.
Yes, that’s possible. Studies so far, though, show that constituents of the raw plant marijuana are protective against cancer tumors. Even a government funded study showed a slightly reduced rate of cancer for cannabis users, though the author was quick to say there should be more. Cannabis is NOT associated with emphysema as tobacco is, and it does not kill cilia, the tiny cleaners of the lung. Cannabis has been shown to be as effective as some commonly prescribed asthma medications for opening airways and removing phlegm. However, long term or frequent smokers do show a greater irritation of the upper airways than normal. That’s why potheads created the vaporizer and the marijuana cookie. The vaporizer doesn’t burn the herb, it lifts the volatile resins without burning. There is less tar (though still some) and far less irritation. There is much less carbon monoxide, and the literature states that users use less cannabis, once they learn to use it effectively.
Eating cannabis is another very popular way of safely ingesting it, but thanks to that hero of democracy Diane Feinstein, it’s now almost as risky to have a marijuana brownie as it is to have dragon’s tooth meth. Go Dems, defenders of freedom.
There are many toxic compounds in cannabis. And in a tomato. And in a carrot. Sunflower. Rhubarb is toxic. Potatoes. Peppermint. Life is dangerous.
clinical health effects from the chronic use of marijuana have been documented in humans.7(p'6) The criminalization
of marijuana use may itself be a health hazard, since it may expose the consumer to violence and criminal activity.”
Incidentally, there is a thread of research that suggests that cannabinoids might be protective against Alzheimer’s disease. It is suggested that it is one of the few anti-inflammatory drugs that easily cross the blood-brain barrier.
The field is still split on this. Drug treatment centers assure us that marijuana is addictive, and they, for a fee, can help. When minors are caught with pot they’re typically “treated” and as a result, the number of youth “seeking help” for cannabis dependence are artificially high, since they didn’t seek help, they were labeled and sent.
Still, there is no doubt that if you smoke pot all day every day you’ll suffer discomfort if you give it up. Symptoms of marijuana withdrawal include selling one’s body, selling one’s time for unsavory tasks, selling organs, lying, and… oh, wait, those are the symptoms of money addiction withdrawal.
The symptoms of cannabis withdrawal for heavy daily users is restlessness, loss of appetite, irritability, and anxiety. Sounds like being in love, doesn’t it?
Well notice, the jury isn’t still out on the addictive qualities of tobacco or alcohol. But, it is on pot.
No kidding! It makes you high, that’s why people use it. However, driving impaired on cannabis is far less dangerous than driving impaired on alcohol. Indeed, most users report being more careful when driving on cannabis, and the numbers are very clear that being “legally drunk” is more dangerous than being stoned. Further, frequent users show no difference driving under the influence as straight. Read the studies yourself; here’s just one.
Government propaganda is often very funny, but not much is more ridiculous than this “fact”. There is absolutely no scientific evidence whatever that cannabis leads to other drug use, in and of itself. It isn’t chemically similar to other drugs; there is nothing about its action that suggests it encourages one to try other drugs. The evidence used for this is “case studies” and makes the common logical mistake of post hoc ergo propter hoc which says that since smoking pot came before snorting meth that pot must cause meth use. Using that logic, milk, in particular mother’s milk, leads to every bad habit you’ll ever have.
Instead, what little effect cannabis has to leading to other drug use is due to the fact that it is illegal! To buy cannabis you might meet someone who sells other drugs, just like going into a pharmacy for estrogen might cause you to by chocolate at the counter. Further, once one overcomes the illegality of buying one drug, buying another becomes easier. There is also the feature that getting high is pleasant, and getting high on different drugs is also pleasant, but that effect is as easily produced with alcohol as with cannabis.
There’s another, very insidious feature of illegality which promotes other drug use. It goes like this: “The government is so full of shit on marijuana, maybe they’re wrong about other drugs, too.”
So, if our local politicos are really worried about a “gateway” effect to cannabis, they’ll rush to legalize it.
That argument is really weak in a land that values liberty and choice, but let’s say that we think it’s a good idea to have one drug legal and that’s enough.
What should that drug be? Should it be alcohol, which is featured in 85% of all violent crimes? One in three motor vehicle deaths involve alcohol. Alcohol actually does take a measurable toll on nervous and circulatory systems, worsens several cancers, and can destroy the liver. It is the true slayer of American productivity, leading to days lost due bingeing, accidents, lethargy. The well established effects of alcohol leave the idea of “amotivational sydrome” far behind.
The real test of their potency: people high on cannabis can, after drinking a measure of alcohol, tell how drunk they become. People who are already drunk have a difficult time detecting when cannabis intoxication begins. Compared to alcohol, pot is hardly intoxicating.
You can easily ingest enough alcohol to kill you, and if you didn’t vomit some back out it would kill you. It simply isn’t possible to ingest enough cannabis in herb form to kill you. You’ll get mildly nauseous and fall to sleep long before you can smoke or eat enough. There has never been a documented case of death from cannabis, not even in the famous “balloons of hash oil bursting in the stomach at the border” stories.
A free society would legalize both. Besides, modest drinking, like modest cannabis use, might have benefits.
Now, someone print this off and run it over to Pat. If she thinks I’m talking about her behind her back she’ll have me by the ear.
A classic reference, this comprehensive Bible dictionary provides a wealth of basic background information. It includes more than 400 illustrations and special articles in addition to page after page of basic information.
Jezrahi’ah (produced by Jehovah), a Levite, the leader of the choristers at the solemn dedication of the wall of Jerusalem under Nehemiah. Neh. 12:42. (b.c. 446.)
Shalma’i (my thanks). The children of Shalmai were among the Nethinim who returned with Zerubbabel. Ezra 2:46; Neh. 7:48. In Nehemiah Salmai. (b.c. 536.)
Moderators should be able to handle and solve situations involving troublesome users with speed. They should also be active on these forums, and know how to use good spelling and grammar. They must be mature, and not flame any user. They must follow all the rules for the forum. They should be on the internet most days of the week, with the acception of holidays, so they can solve problems users have as swiftly as possible.
- Use the rules as your guide. They clearly outline the rights you have as a moderator. If you have any questions, feel free to contact the admin(me).
- If a post or thread violates any rules, please feel free to delete or move it. You are given permission to do so. It is okay to take action using your best judgment without contacting a admin(me). This is why an appeals process is in place.
- Please contact the member when you delete or alter their post. Some members do get mad if an explanation is not given.
- Please do not move threads started by a admin . If you think something should be moved, please contact any admin first. This is especially important if they are threads pertaining to forum business.
- If you issue any verbal warnings or account warnings, please post a thread in the Board Room so all staff members can follow the warning process appropriately.
If you expect that you cannot fulfill the objective of posting 3-4 days a week due to a short term absence, please post a thread in the Board Room. Unexcused absences could result in loss of moderating status.
As staff members, it is expected of you to show respect for fellow staff members. If you have an issue with a staff member, you may use the Board Room to address your concerns.
It is the responsibility of everyone on staff to recruit new members. If you don't know a lot of people, you can contribute in the brainstorming process. If you do know people, we are counting on YOU to spread the word about this forum . Please check the Board Room regularly for recruitment projects and strategies.
This is subject to change, but as moderators are expected to set an example on the forum, one account warning issued by an administrator could lead to the loss of moderating status.
Of course, make sure you get to know the rules well. The only way to enforce the rules is to know them.
And finally, check this thread regularly for any changes. It is your duty as a moderator to know what your responsibilities are.
To keep your forums neat and tidy I would suggest going through once a week and checking for old threads that are no longer needed. Which leads to the question: what qualifies as ‘no longer needed’?
- Text heavy threads - Close the thread at 250 replies and create a new thread. Give the second thread the same title and place a number 2 (or other appropriate number depending on the situation) at the end of the title. Leave the closed thread in the forum for 30 days to allow new users to read it.
- If a thread is posted in your forum and it is better suited for another forum. Move it to such. It is your prerogative in picking either to alert the thread creator or leaving a redirect in the original forum. Redirects time out after a certain amount of time.
Please keep in mind it is part of a mod’s job to keep their forum’s active and keep the conversation flowing. Members are going to follow your measure. If you aren’t posting, you can’t expect them to. This in turn does not mean you are required to participate in every thread in your forum. We get it, there are some topics no one is interested in.
I would like to see all mods active in the Introduction forum. Get in there and let folks know that you are glad to meet them and you look forward to getting to know them. There is no better way to make and keep a good member than by making them feel welcome.
Any time you feel a member possibly broke a forum rule, but you are having trouble making the decision as to if they did or what to do about it, post a bit about it in the mod forum. It will go to open discussion. A decision will be reached as a group as to the course of action to take.
Report all cases of member bashing in the mod forum. This way all mods and Admins can know to keep an eye on the member as bashing is the worst kind of forum bad.
Comfortis also has had adverse situations noted (all medications have) – however the upside to it with your circumstance is you understand your personal Pet has long been Okay when applying it previously. When you give Bravecto and she or he incorporates a reaction, the drug is going to be in her system for at least 3 months with no way to get rid of it. I hope this allows you!
I’m uncertain whether the two numbers need for being added (146) to return up with the particular number of deaths, although the numbers of death and Severe side effects are increasing.
haven’t seen any so far. He does lots of swimming, together with electricity dives when retrieving, and is particularly bathed frequently, so this could be taking away dead ticks. The vet did
I'm truly shocked that vets inform folks that but I sincerely think it’s legitimate. Once the way I used to be treated when my dogs had a reaction I know from experience the type of pressure and Just about condescension you get when you query the safety of their “prescribed prescription drugs”. So pretty sad. I read through every article its despatched to my electronic mail. I do think this is a good thread.
Nexgard contains a warning assertion on the product insert about use in dogs with seizure disorders. I can't say In the event the Nexgard caused her seizure; however, due to the fact she has had a single, providing her anymore Nexgard is contraindicated. Sending healing views for no far more seizures!!!
I take advantage of Advantix on my dog, but sparingly. Last summertime I utilized it in June, prior to we went on holiday vacation to The big apple. I used it yet again in August, in advance of holiday vacation in Delaware. I comb her frequently with a flea comb and Examine her for ticks everyday.
Comfortis Comfortis is a fresh and one of a kind approach to protect your cat or Pet against fleas. Safety is available in the shape of a fairly easy-to-gi...ve, beef-flavored tablet that starts killing fleas within thirty minutes and look at this site retains them from laying eggs. Your pet is... study much more
Consider The brand new, safe and productive oral flea and tick medication. NexGard can be a beef flavored smooth chew all dogs like. Quickly, free of charge shipping on orders over $forty nine.»
That is outrageous.. I hoped to search out no less than fifty/50 of both equally positive and negative reactions. And now it looks like there is simply a small team of actually Fortunate types that managed to “endure” right after currently being given this “Terrible and perilous poison”. I’d prefer to talk to, forgive me for remaining that immediate, WTF?!!
Thanks everyone for sharing your entire ordeals. I'm now residing overseas and my father again inside the United states of america noticed on Television set the feasible backlink to seizures and Nexgard. My labrador retriever, three yrs aged next month started possessing seizures in January, 2016. We started oral Nexgard in July 2015, but he was with a Puppy sitter right until we moved him to us in November 2015.
We gave the primary dose to all 4 on the 4-legged kids (Each and every bought their weight certain dosage). Close to 24hrs later, we were dealing with extreme diarrhea in the 14yr old, followed by Extraordinary vomiting close to 12hrs following the indications of diarrhea. Following the diarrhea and vomiting arrived the lethargy, reduced appetite and minimized water consumption.
The other ingredient Milbemycin oxime is an antiparasitic endectocide. It kills intestinal worms and immature form of heartworms. Nexgard Spectra Dogs interferes with how that signals are handed between nerve cells (neurotransmission) within the anxious system of parasites, leading to paralysis and elimination with the parasites. Monthly treatment guards dogs with the many parasitic infestation.
I am not complaining about the revenue in this article; I'm worried about an item the makers of it imagined that a 90 day study of dogs side effects was long more than enough with the makers. They expert seizures with dogs getting the Nexgard but check this link right here now they didn't Consider it had been issue.
Afoxolaner within the Doggy is metabolized to far more hydrophilic compounds and after that removed. The metabolites and father or mother are eliminated from your body by way of urinary and biliary excretion with The bulk eradicated in the bile. No proof of enterohepatic recycling continues to be noticed.
Please enter the email address associated with your User account. Your username will be emailed to the email address on file.
A NEW unit producing external submarine cable systems in Barrow could help the town’s case for a follow-on order of four or more Astute nuclear subs, town MP John Hutton said.Mr Hutton was opening t…more
THERE are fears for the future of riding schools after a third local centre stopped lessons because of rising insurance costs. Kingwater Equestrian Centre, near Brampton, has stopped offering lesson…more
MORE than 8,000 patients called a special hotline in a bid to register with an NHS dentist in London. With several dentists going private recently, 8,269 calls were made to the Dental Direct line i…more
Copeland council’s next top officer is to pick up around £100,000 a year. The salary package for the chief executive was condemned as “scandalous” by councillor Brian Dixon. Mr Dixon, a member of…more
SPECIALITY themes are being touted as the future for Ulverston market.Town councillors are backing plans to modernise the market in the face of declining stall numbers. Proposals have been drawn u…more
A GAS terminal that cost £60 million to build is still not working a year after it was finished. Huge demand for gas has sent wholesale prices soaring by nearly 600 per cent.But the Rivers termina…more
Sussex’S new Learning and Skills Council (LSC) boss is pledging up to £4 million for businesses to fund training over the next two years. Paul Holme, who took over last month from Mick Farley as ex…more
London County Council has been officially rated as one of the worst-performing local authorities in the country – but it is getting better. The Government’s Audit Commission published star ratings …more
WHITEHAVEN rugby league club’s hopes of getting into the Super League will be dashed unless a grandstand costing up to £1 million is built soon. Whitehaven RLFC is still looking for a private backer…more
A sussex quarrying firm has been fined £22,500 for under-supplying its clients with stones.The sentence was imposed on Cemex UK Materials Limited – formerly known as Shap Granite Company – for a r…more
Roots of Ethiopia: New website promotes responsible tourism throughout Ethiopia - Capital Ethiopia Newspaper
Home News Local News Roots of Ethiopia: New website promotes responsible tourism throughout Ethiopia
Roots of Ethiopia, a new website which showcases and promotes a wide range of community and sustainable tourism opportunities in Ethiopia was launched on Thursday April 5th 2012 at Radisson Blu Hotel. The website will serve as a clearinghouse, linking many community tourism destinations throughout Ethiopia so people can find various community tourism options in one place. It also offers basic information about traveling to and within Ethiopia including facts on history, culture, food and language in order to give tourists a taste of the country.
Community tourism attempts to benefit local communities by giving them ownership over touring programs.
Indigenous people could host tourists in their village or the community could run the operation together and share in the profits. There are several types of community tourism projects, including many in which local people work with commercial tour operators. The goal of ‘community based tourism’ is to give local people a fair share of the benefits/profits and a say in deciding how incoming tourism is managed.
“Ethiopia is blessed with many tourist attractions, some of which are world recognized. UNESCO has recognized nine sites in Ethiopia as world heritage sites making the country the leading one in the continent. We are working to make Ethiopia one of the top five destinations in Africa by the year 2020. We are certain that this website will contribute to this effort,” Tadelech Dalacho, State Minister of Tourism said.
The website, www.rootsofethiopia.com provides information about the weather, food, language and culture as well as describing the activities people can participate in. It also includes accommodations both with the community and self-lodging. It describes emerging tourist destinations that have not yet reached the guidebooks. Some tours will begin at the end of April and beginning of May.
At the launch of the website, representatives from USAID, Ethiopian Sustainable tourism Alliance (EATA), Ethiopian tour agencies and State Minister of Tourism, Tadelech Dalacho were present.
“A negative image of Ethiopia still prevails in different countries and in the minds of potential tourists. We hope that this website will provide accurate and useful information and contribute to the closing of the information gap,” said Bedilu Shegen, Chief of Party of the Ethiopian Sustainable Tourism Alliance (ESTA).
Those involved in the process of developing the website also explained at the launch that community tourism is an important element of creating successful tourism destinations since it provides meaningful and authentic experiences for both the tourist and the communities. During a community tourism experience, tourists have the opportunity to interact with community members in a genuine manner.
Tourism provides alternative livelihoods for communities, providing direct employment and an important source of income. When the community receives money from tourists, it gives them an incentive to protect the natural and cultural resource that tourists come to see.
“The Internet is a key place to find information. Last year about 75 million people were estimated to have gone on the Internet to get information about their holiday destination in order to plan their vacation. A website like this will need to be updated constantly to be sustainable, tourism is a very competitive business, and there are a lot of websites that do the same thing as the roots of Ethiopia website. The key is to maintain the update of new information as fast as possible,” Mark Carrato, representative from USAID said.
The website initiative has been led by the Ethiopian Sustainable Tourism Alliance (ESTA) a five year USAID-funded project in partnership with two other organizations working towards community development: Frankfurt Zoological Society (FZS) and Tourism in Ethiopia for Sustainable Future Alternative (Tesfa).
Reliance on Information Posted The information presented on or through the website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents. Please see our Terms of Use for more information.
The House will come to order, members will take their seats, visitors will retire from the chambers. The sergeant at arms will close the doors. Members and visitors are asked to silence all electronic devices. Members, today's prayer is going to be offered by Representative Ralph Johnson, members and all visitors in the gallery are asked to stand during the prayer and to remain standing for the pledge of allegiance. Representative Johnson. Speaker Change: Thank you Mr. Speaker. This is the day that the Lord has made, we must rejoice and be glad in it. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for this day. It's a day that we are grateful to have, one that we have never seen before. We thank you for life, health, and strength, for family and friends, the opportunity to serve and to do your will in service of your people. We remain grateful to you and acknowledge that you have provided the opportunity to serve in leadership positions for all of us, not because of anything that any one of us has done, but only because of your goodness and mercy. We thank you for your mercy. Lord, your words are true and you credit righteousness to all those who trust in you. Guide us back, too, when we fall down into disobedience and teach us how to examine our ways. You have said that, in your words, that obedience is better than sacrifice. Help us always to know the difference. Help us to always know the difference. Lord we are meeting today to conduct the business of your people. Guide our hearts and our minds and our spirits of fairness, right thought and speech. Impart your supreme wisdom upon our activities so our affairs may reach a successful conclusion. Help us to remember Galatians 6:10, which says: As we have opportunity, we should do good to all people. All people, especially to those who belong to the family of faith. Thank you for being our source of guidance today and the days to come. We ask all these things in your precious name of your son. Amen. Speaker Change: I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Speaker Change: The gentleman from Harnett, Representative Lewis is recognized for a motion. Speaker Change: Mr. Speaker, the journal for March 10th has been examined and found to be correct. I move that it stand approved as written. Speaker Change: Representative Lewis moves the journal for March 10th be approved as written. Those in favor will say, "Aye." Those opposed will say, "No." The ayes have it and the journal is approved as written. Members, our doctor of the day is Dr. Ward Adcock from Gastonia, North Carolina, who's also accompanied by his son, Davis. Dr. Adcock, we're glad to have you here with us today. Thank you for being here. Representative Blust and Jordan are recognized to send forth a series of committee reports, the clerk will read. Speaker Change: Representative Blust and Jordan, Judiciary 2 committee report, House Bill 79, "Allow Civil and Criminal Contempt, 50(c) Violation" Favorable committee substitute, unfavorable original bill. Speaker Change: Calendar, and without objection, today's calendar is there an objection to this bill being added . . . if the gentleman from Durham wants to know, it's the, the bill title is "Allow Civil and Criminal Contempt, a 50(c) Violation." Speaker Change: Thank you, no objection. Speaker Change: Without objection, added to today's calendar. Original bill was placed on the unfavorable calendar. Speaker Change: House Bill 134, "Soliciting Prostitution, Immunity for Minors." Speaker Change: The bill calendar, and if no objection, today's calendar. Is there objection? Hear none, added to today's calendar. Original bill on the unfavorable calendar. Speaker Change: House Bill 113, "Protect our Student Act," favorable committee substitute, unfavorable original bill, and we referred.
JSHUKS [0:00:00.0] …To finance, regional bills placed on the unfavorable calendar, Committee Substitutes refer to the Committee on Finance. Representative Louis, the Chairman of Committee on rules got an operation recognized to send forward the committee report, the clerk will read. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Louis, Rules Calendar an operation of the House Committee report, House Bill 157: Amend Environmental Laws, Favorable Committee Substitute #2 and Unfavorable Committee Substitute #1. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Original Bill in favorable calendar, the Committee Substitute without objection today. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Objection. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Objection heard, the gentleman from Harnett is recognized for a motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Mr. Speaker, I would move that the House Committee Substitute for House Bill 157 be added to today’s calendar not with standing the objection. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the lady from Guildford, Representative Harrison raise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To speak to the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The lady is recognized to debate the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Ladies and Gentlemen and House is full like ground hot day, last week we considered a provision in this bill that dealt with Fracking that way their requirement the Environmental Management Commission would have to adopt rules relating to emissions, I’m not gonna get into the subsets of that but I do wanna go into the recedes and this is a very controversial issue, Fracking has got significant air quality issues associated with it and there is just been a lack of public notice about this consideration of this bill that’s gonna remove their requirement that this EMC adopt these rules. So I just as a service to my constituents and the constituents out there who are going to be affected by natural gas exploration I think they need to have a little bit notice so they can get and touch with us about how they feel about their requirement the way air quality rules and I feel very strongly about that and I encourage you to vote no on this motion, thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Cumberland, Representative Glazier raise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To debate the motion Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman has the floor to debate the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you Mr. Speaker, I want to follow Representative Harrison’s comment and I think it’s helpful just to put it in a little bit respective and I know we are trying to clear things for the next two days and I understand that completely but when the bill as it emerged initially in committee did not appear to have much of controversy and it seemed to have been work through and did it well and it sounds to me at least from reports that a provision was added in committee which was controversial and which was controversial the other evening, and which to some degree was defeated the other evening on the floor so there maybe very substantive and procedural debates on that issue which will come up. And it strikes me that given the nature of the matter and how controversial it was that it’s the wrong thing to do to put something on the floor without any notice here even though there was a committee hearing and I fully understand that but we are adding something on a major substantive topic Fracking of which the population in this body have disagreed, we are adding it without real notice to the public and what we have noticed here they don’t and I think that given the history of this provision and that’s unfair, there are other portions of the bill that maybe very time sensitive and I understand that but it was a decision to add that in the committee and so we are stuck with it in the bill. And people will make up their minds but I don’t think this early in the session it’s appropriate for us to be doing this and probably we doesn’t set the precedent that up to now had been one and complete, and open transparency in my view and very good collegiality between the majority and the minority on what goes on the calendar and what doesn’t, it strikes me that this breaks that protocol and that’s a little disappointing, thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Rutherford, Representative Hager raise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To speak on the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman has the floor to debate the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you Mr. Speaker, we talked last week it’s been eight days now since we have first brought the subject forward and the public has time to way in I have got folks waiting sending me emails, I think some of you others have also, again it’s been a week and a day we were asked if that just through a committee what we agreed upon last week, we evaded through Environment Committee with I think two or three an opposition I don’t remember 25 members overwhelmingly voted yes, four has evaded through the committee and it was put on the correct bill and Environmental Mains Bill, it’s in the ??, it’s remained to the bill, it’s been evaded through committee, it’s laid around for eight days, I think it’s time to hear this and let the folks hear this bill, hear this amendment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the lady from Carteret, Representative McElraft raise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To speak on the objection. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The lady has the floor to debate the motion to add the bill to today’s calendar. [SPEAKER CHANGES] I just want to let you know that we did thoroughly that this an environment and even though it was add as amendment in environment to the environmental amends bill, Representative Harrison who, definitely been against this… [0:05:00.3] [End of file…]
Asked me the day before, if Representative Hager was going to be added to the bill, and I told her yes. So there was ample opportunity for the public to get in touch with each of the environment committee meetings, because I know Representative Harrison let them know that was going to be added. There is nothing trying to be hidden here. This bill could’ve come from the Senate and we would have had to concur on it. So we’re not trying to hide anything. We’re trying to take this through the process. And we have debated on it today. We had debated on the environment, and I would hope you will vote yes on this motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Durham, Representative Luebke rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To see if Representative Hager would yield for a question. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Does the gentleman from Rutherford yield to the gentleman from Durham? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Always. [SPEAKER CHANGES] He yields. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Representative Hager. My question has to do with process and the public’s knowledge that this bill would be on the calendar today. And so my question is: to what committee was the bill referred as we heard it as members of the Finance Committee and as members of the public. To what committee was it referred yesterday? From environment? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I’m sorry, repeat the question, Representative Luebke. [SPEAKER CHANGES] My question, Representative Hager, is to which committee was the bill referred at the end of the Environment Committee that the motion having been made by the committee? The question is simply to which committee was it referred? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Mr. Speaker, point of order? [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman from Harnett, Representative Lewis is recognized as to a point of order. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman from Durham is asking a procedural question. I would respectfully ask that the gentleman direct his inquiry to the chairman of the rules calendar and operation of the House committee. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Point is taken. Does the gentleman from Durham wish to direct his question to the Rules chair? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes sir. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Luebke, thank you for the inquiry. [SPEAKER CHANGES] You’re asking me if I could—I’ll ask you a question. [SPEAKER CHANGES] In the interests of time, I assume you’d want the answer to the question that you’ve asked the gentleman from Rutherford, is that not the question you’d like to have answered? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Well, I thought I had the floor, Mr. Speaker and Mr. Chairman, and I just wanted to ask you a question. I’m happy to ask you the question. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Does the gentleman from Harnett yield to an inquiry from the gentleman from Durham? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes, sir I yield. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Speaker, and Representative Lewis. To which committee was this bill referred in the environment committee? [SPEAKER CHANGES] The motion that prevailed in the committee on the environment was that the proposed committee substitute for House Bill 157 be given a favorable report and re-referred to the committee on finance. Yesterday, the referral to finance was stricken and the committee was re-referred, I mean the proposed committee substitute was re-referred to the committee on rules, because the provisions that involved the Committee on Finance were removed. [SPEAKER CHANGES] A follow up? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Does the gentleman from Hart yield to an additional question? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes sir I yield. [SPEAKER CHANGES] So it is accurate to say that the members of the committee, and more importantly, the public, presumed from the motion in the House Environment Committee was going to the House Finance Committee? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative, thank you for the question. I think it would be fair to assume that the members of the public and members of the Chamber were expecting the bill that contained finance provisions to go to the Finance Committee. I would respectfully point out in response to your question, that the provisions that were relating to finance were removed in the House Committee substitute that was adopted in the Rules Committee this morning. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Well, my question is simply Representative Lewis— [SPEAKER CHANGES] Does the gentleman wish to state an additional inquiry? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Does the gentleman from Hart yield? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes sir, I yield. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Lewis, do you think it’s good procedure from the standpoint and good policy because of what’s in the bill, to make a re-referral from Finance to Rules? At some point when the public is really not paying attention, it’s simply being done as routine business up here, and we the members of the Chamber, and the public, can’t possibly know that a referral like that happened in the detail of messages and re-referrals, etc. that it’s really impossible to follow every one of these. Would you not acknowledge that’s true?
Rep. Luebke, thank you for the question. I want to reflect a moment on the gentleman from Cumberland earlier. We have made a valiant effort I think in this chamber this session to have as much transparency in the transaction of the business that we possibly can. Do I think that adding this bill to today’s calendar is the ideal solution? I don’t, I wish that we did not have to do that. However, there is a part of this bill and you have served with distinction much longer than I have, and you understand that there are time sensitive provisions that require the general assembly to act from time to time. And this bill contains a time sensitive provision and we felt the most efficient way to have this issue dealt with was to remove the questions that the finance committee would have had to resolve, place those in another bill, and to the point that Rep. Hager made, and Rep. McElraft have made, the issues that have largely been aired to go ahead and bring those forward today...again, because I would reiterate that this is a time-sensitive matter. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The chair is gonna intervene in this matter and would consider part of the questions proposed by the gentleman from Durham to be a parliamentary inquiry. Pursuant such, the chair has made inquiry with the court; a notice did go out at 6:01 yesterday. The notice was fully compliant with our rules, and the bill would be fully appropriate before this body pursuant to our rules. Does the gentleman wish to ask an additional question or debate the motion? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I wish to debate the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman is recognized to debate the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Members, we heard that the bill went out, the notice went out at 6:01, that the bill was being referred from finance to rules and therefore, would be in the rules committee calendar. I respect very much the comments of the rules chair, but I think all of us know referring a bill at 6:01PM from finance to rules is not an action that the membership and especially the public can know anything about. And I very much would request that people vote yes on the objection because of the process. This can wait, the senate can rush anything through that it wants. We know about the senate, they can do it in 30 minutes and we should not debate this today; we should wait until Monday so that there is an opportunity for the public to weigh in. So I urge the support of the objection. I’m sorry, I urge support, I urge support of the motion of Rep. Lewis, apologies, so that bill is not on the calendar today. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For explanation purposes [SPEAKER CHANGES] Vote no on the motion, thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] So Rep. Luebke was before it before he was against it, is that how this is? For what, I’m just giving you a hard time. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Mr. Speaker, thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Rutherford?, Rep. Hager rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To see if I can help with the parliamentary inquiry to the rules chair. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Does the gentleman from Harnett yield? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I yield. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Rep. Lewis. If, let’s assume, the bill went to finance. This may be a question for Rep. Saine, Chairman Saine at this point, if it had gone to finance, would this particular amendment piece of the bill be heard since it had no finance piece to it? [SPEAKER CHANGES] That’s actually a very good question. Since this provision that was removed--that dealt with finance--was removed from the bill, the finance committee really wouldn’t have had any jurisdiction, if you will, on this particular bill, which is why the decision was made to re-refer the bill to rules. [SPEAKER CHANGES] A little more detail, Mr. Chairman? [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman is recognized to state the additional question and the gentleman from Harnett yields to the question. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Let me refine that a little bit more. Let’s assume the piece would have stayed in that had finance, which was not in the provision we’re talking about right now. And Rep. Saine may want to weigh in on this, Mr. Speaker. If this particular piece that I put in yesterday in finance had no finance provision in it at all, would it have allowed to be discussed in finance? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Mr. Speaker and Rep., thank you for the inquiry. I would need to respond to that just by saying that the rules would not have required it have been referred to finance, and finance would have had no reason to have reviewed the bill. Of course, they may have asked for it to have been referred. They may have, but it would not have had a finance component.
So it would not have been a part of the normal course of business that it would’ve gone to finance without a finance component. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Wake, Representative Pendleton rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I’d like to speak on this bill if I could. [SPEAKER CHANGES] On the, it’s a motion to add the bill to today’s calendar. Does the gentleman wish to debate the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Not on that. I wanted to talk about the subject. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the lady from Carterette, Representative McElraft rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To speak second time on the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The lady has the floor to speak to the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The part that would’ve gone to finance was one little paragraph in 16 pages. Had that not been in the bill it would’ve come straight from environment, straight to this floor, so taking that out, that one little paragraph that had to do with flight goods and taxes. We took that out. It would’ve followed the same path as it would had it not been in there. It came straight to the floor from environment and that’s the way it should have come. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Lincoln, Representative Saine rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To speak on the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman has the floor to debate the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Since the conversation’s been had all around, yesterday I talked with the bill sponsor and knowing that this piece would not be in there I decided that it did not indeed need to come to finance and therefore that’s why we’re at today. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Harnett, Representative Lewis rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To debate the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman has the floor to debate the motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker and ladies and gentlemen of the House. I wanna start by saying that I greatly appreciate and respect all of the concerns that have been raised today. I think that all the members of the chamber would acknowledge that our chamber has taken great strides forward in trying to be as transparent as we can to seek input as we can. I would not normally ask or have any problem with the bill rolling over for a few days, but the facts are this, they’re all, there is a provision in this bill that is time sensitive. We need to address the bill and once the bill’s added to the calendar all the members are certainly free and able to speak against the bill, to debate the bill, to vote no against the bill. All I’m asking is that this chamber have the opportunity to address this time sensitive issue, therefore I would respectfully ask that on the question to add it to the calendar that the members vote aye. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Further discussion, further debate? If not the question before the House is the motion of Representative Lewis that the House Committee Substitute for House Bill 157 be added to today’s calendar for consideration. So many favoring the motion will vote aye, those opposed will vote no. The clerk will open the vote. The clerk will lock the machine and record the vote. 75 having voted in the affirmative and 40 in the negative, the House Committee Substitute for House Bill 157 will be added to today’s calendar. Members we’re now gonna go to introductions of bills and resolutions. That will take a few minutes. There are a number of those and then once we come back we will move into the calendar. The, on today’s calendar you’ll see the bills that were on the printed calendar plus the three bills that were just added today and it would appear if we dispose of these bills that we may not require a voting session tomorrow. Introductions of bills and resolutions, the clerk will read. [SPEAKER CHANGES] House Bill 182, Representatives [??], Lewis and Hager, Property insurance fairness. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Insurance. The clerk will suspend just a moment. On motion of Representative Dave Lewis from Harnett County the chair is happy to extend the courtesies of the gallery to Tracy Sternberg and the Girl Scouts who are here from all across North Carolina. If you all will please stand so that we can welcome you today. [applause] And also on behalf of Representative Stineburg the chair, I believe these folks are in the same group, but I believe Troop 4305 and Troop 25 from Pasquotank County and Troop 2504 from Currituck County is here. Again we’re glad to have you here. The gentleman from Harnett, Representative Lewis is recognized to rise to a point of personal privilege. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Ladies and gentlemen of the House today is a very special day. We have quite a few very special guests in our gallery and I wanted to pause at the start of this session and acknowledge that on March 12, 1912 in Savannah, GA Juliette Gordon Lowe organized what would become the Girl Scouts of the USA. I have some prepared remarks, but in the interest of time I just want to let you all know what a tremendous organization this is. How it builds and empowers our young people. I’m very proud of the fact that my daughter is an active member of her, of our girl scout group and the things that they teach, the things that we strive for every day up here, inclusion, the ability for all to participate, the ability for all to excel and when you excel to be acknowledged, to be rewarded, these are the things that the girl scouts are taught every day by their adult volunteers and also by the girls themselves as a team. They are a tremendous asset in building our society and in building our community and in setting a positive example for all to follow. I will just go back again, you don’t have to go any farther than the girl scouts to see an example of a group that truly is focused on its mission of educating and improving all people, regardless of where you came from, where you started, there’s a home for you if you have the interest and the willingness to invest your time. I’m very, very proud of the many contributions that the girl scouts continue to make every day. Obviously I was not qualified to be a member of the girl scouts, but I’m not sure that I would’ve been smart enough or would’ve been able to excel to the point that many of these girls and young ladies have done. I just think it is important that we pause from time to time and they’ve got the chance today to see sort of what we do up here, but I think it is important that we pause from time to time to acknowledge the good works that go on in our community and in our state and later on today I will ask that the clerk include a statement that Representative Carney and Representative Gill and I are going to ask to be spread upon the journal. There will be a copy distributed to all of your desks as well and of course one sent to the girl scouts, to their main office, but again I know that with the Speaker’s indulgence there are another member or two probably more qualified than I am to pay tribute to this great group, but I did just want to voice my support and more importantly my appreciation for all the good works that you do. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The Chair would also inquire, is Lindsey Denning in the chamber. If you are, would you please stand. Lindsey, your aunt, Denise Weeks wanted me to make sure I specifically recognized you, so we’re glad to have you here also today. [applause] On motion of the members of Guilford County, Representatives Blust, Hardister, Harrison, Faircloth, Brockman and Johnson, the chair is happy to extend the courtesies of the gallery to Hank Henning, Chairman of the Guilford County Board of Commissioners and Nancy Vaughn, Mayor of Greensboro. We’re glad to have you here also today. [applause] Mayor, we’re glad you didn’t bring Don with you today. For what purpose does the lady from Mecklenberg, Representative Carney rise. [SPEAKER CHANGES] To speak for a moment on the issue before us, it’s not a resolution but the Girl Scout Day. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The lady is recognized for a moment of personal privilege. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Ladies and gentlemen of the House, 103 years ago this fine organization that was started by Juliette Gordon Lowe was
formed around a meeting room with 18 girls and an idea. We opened our session this year, if you recall, with an incredible tribute to the Boy Scouts of America. So I'm asking my colleagues today in the Chamber to please give that same due diligence of respect and listening to what we're talking about today. We have young ladies in our gallery that may some day be on this floor, or the Senate floor, or indeed Congress. Because throughout the years, from those 18 girls sitting with Miss Lowe, it has grown to 59 million plus within the world. I'm wearing today my pins, with honor. A world pin that I earned as a Brownie. And moving on to Girl Scouts, my Girl Scout pin. And then a Service Bar pin from being a Scout leader. I wear them proudly today, standing in this Chamber as a member of the House of Representatives. Building on those foundations that Juliette Lowe gave to those 18 young women that day 103 years ago. Many of you, the men in this Chamber in particular, have wives, or grandmothers, or aunts, or grandchildren, nieces, neighbors, that have paved the way for other young ladies in this incredible service organization. So I ask you today to join with us in North Carolina in honoring 103 years of this organization for our young women. I have a granddaughter, a second grader, in Middle Tennessee. She's in Brownie Troop 200705 in Middle Tennessee, Service Unit 172. She sent me that text to remind me of her numbers. And she wears them proudly. But today, on a lighter note, what many of you equate Girl Scouts with is those wonderful cookies. They've grown over the years from the Tagalongs, the Thin Mints, and the Samoas. This year they added a new one. As you can imagine, having received one in your office compliments of myself and my granddaughter, they have a new one called Rah Rah Raisins. Many of you know that my grandchildren call me Rah Rah. Well, when that came out, I immediately got the phone call, and the email, and a text from my granddaughter. They named a cookie after you. Obviously they did not, it's Rah Rah for raisins and healthy cookies. So that is probably a good tribute, too. i also want to point out that we have another Rah Rah in this chamber, and that is Representative Sarah Stevens. Again, this is an important day. It has made an impact on so many lives. I thank you for your attention through these comments. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the lady from Wake, Representative Gill, rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] A moment of special privilege. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Lady is recognized to speak to a moment of personal privilege. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I never was a Girl Scout per se, because I grew up on the farm in Apex, North Carolina. But when my daughters started school they saw the little girls in green and brown uniforms, and they wanted to be a member of that group. So that enticed me to become a Girl Scout leader. I went through the process of the training to be a Girl Scout leader. And I think my first troop was 60 members. I had a total of 60 girls who joined my first troop. The Pines of Carolina was so intrigued by what we were doing as the 60 members in the group, they asked me to become a trainer of Girl Scout leaders for Southeast Raleigh. I did train quite a few leaders. But one of the things that I did as a part of my job as a leader was to make sure that I empowered the girls by teaching values such as honesty,
Fairness, courage, compassion, character, sisterhood, confidence, and citizenship through activities which include camping, community service, learning first aid, and earning badges by acquiring practical skills. Girl scouts have the same ranking somewhat as boy scouts, but our rankings were a little bit different, and they were based on special awards. We had girl scouts bronze, silver, and gold awards. It's amazing to think that girl scouts became an organization long before women were able to vote, and that is unique because I think back and wonder what the leaders were telling the girls about the fact, why they couldn't vote. But starting from 18 members as the previous speakers have spoken, today we have 2.3 million girl scouts in the United States alone, and of that, 890,000 adults are working with them. Most girl scout units in the early years were segregated based on race according to the statutes, and locals, laws, and customs. The first African American troop was founded in 1917. That's pretty good. And then the first Southern African American troop was founded in 1932. Now, the girl scouts have unusual programs, and I'm gonna tell you about two. One is called the girl scouts beyond bars. How many of you have heard of that? Well what the girl scouts beyond bars do is they help daughters of incarcerated mothers to connect with their children and have the mothers participate in girl scouts, so the mothers are taught those same traits, characteristics. The other one is called girl scouting in detention centers, and what this will do is allow young girls who are incarcerated to become, to participate in girl scouts, and they are taught just like the regular girl scouts. I think Representative Carney and I know well the motto. Would you like to stand up and together we will say the motto, the promise, and the slogan. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Well, the chair will recognize Representative Carney and Representative Gill to recite the motto. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Well, are there other, mister speaker, of inquiry? [SPEAKER CHANGES] And if there are other, any other girl scouts or former girl scouts who would like to recite, in fact, the girl scouts in the gallery are invited to join in with the recitation of the motto. Representative Jeter, if you'd like to recite the motto, you can too. The ladies and any gentlemen who would like to recite the motto are recognized for said purpose. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Let's start with the motto. The motto is be prepared. Our slogan is do a good turn daily. And the girl scout promise, and we all can say that together, girl scouts, on my honor, I will try to serve God and my country, to help people all times, and to live by the girl scout law. Thank you very much. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Mecklenburg, Representative Jeter rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To speak to this lack of resolution resolution. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman is recognized to speak to a moment of personal privilege. [SPEAKER CHANGES] I did not know the girl scout code, I apologize. As a father of daughters, you never know what to expect in life. I don't know what goes through your head. I don't know why you have emotional swings. I don't know why the way I just looked at you made you mad. I know when I do it to Josh, why he gets mad. Different discussion. I have two daughters, I have a 14 year old and an 11 year old. And my 14 year old was a daughter who came by life easy. We used to say she had the Midas touch
Ash a similar my money on our Miami game everything seemed to be difficult in Tennessee Town of roseanne's an ideal way to smile on your old daughter to one of more than life itself blossom and are really just a move by not she found a home she found apartments when my mother passed away in October by mother and my daughter Eleanor van De Klerk's where she's our comfort was with several scouts sisters if not for the girl scouts in the organization will bodies a brainy and the mentalities that define shoot everything a blind to the table my daughter Wendy is happy content and final minute and (SPEAKER CHANGES)she is now and I'm guessing I speak for a lot of fathers and daughters like that when I tell you how sincerely grateful I am teaching every one of you out there to some degree for giving me my daughter taking them would have acted and then do this chaos and family members again run anywhere this today, you do wonders of your presence and please notify the members of this body prescient specter working doing and where we're grateful you they're doing it again thanks for being with us today we have echoed indexes of those resolutions as to the house bill 182 at the ceiling, finances vehemently that on the road, where , before the size of the Jonathan richman rescinded and runs a mistake not have the most acclaimed house bill 157, to the fore, yes, the java report is meant for purposes of java house version one LS display the bottom of the change them into tonight on it, though (167)-822-8282 to change to a man to enough to have a john Deere has anybody know unless your DB resolution before the raid has been one and three versions of brown, and never more appeal than that transportation available from its cost and women for revisions are round to move forward on Chinese Dept calls resources process from turned over to transportation 50 cents plus revisions will learn to vote for the right to appeal the problem, resources, from the commission's ruling which rolls down operations and acts as the one and six runs is traveling so major country of more resources and respect and bad as the one and several revisions to measure for software rating stopping barge in two years, since he decided to house when the revisions greater trust employment isothermal community college education committee called his ouster one and nine versions Jones, where Rockingham, school board elections after 1 minute version from some state of play and modifications state personnel available for Russians has 3191 revisions Fresno center of attention license, and three visit one of them are 40 meters them if they woven as has been 192 versions of you for a call for immigration compliance for cross the street to notify them of them as custom one and three versions are more common form of a few of my are designed under discussion of the following CD through one of a bowl of nations has been one and forwards in grade school, (SPEAKER CHANGES)flexibility and records as they seek a 12-1 and five of the dollar this morning, never allow sufficient down someone's nose has been one and six mergers dollar and 50, Ventura slices processed Foods Insurance 1001 and seven runs and options and comforts of routed 2014 to 15 education paid 12,000 women may revision to call home review which Erickson Rollins conveyance for ...............
And life than half dozen women and men of City Hall Holyfield Jackson volatile mixture resembles the offices of them are constant reminders is an issue, some show visitors to the logs delta 731 is available for regimes has been to one vs. Tim goodman Jackson through zoning chain system and put a hold of a spiritual to resist a way to know more, from measures 17, construction of state warren christopher's the state's education takes 12 media often a city of not of messages from the senate (SPEAKER CHANGES) Corey says Ms. From the San Dimas 3% of the message from the senate, marksman 2050 uniformed house provisions of the senate fails to concur with syndrome 20 customers since June 5 edition of the meantime and to take over from some internal revenue code to the conference's versions of the Federal tax increase prevention act of 2042 minus, fuels tax break into mixture and reductions within the department restoration over 2014 to the 15th is a new version: two points so as an avid atmosphere some to the annual some courage and some from the system is in sentiment (SPEAKER CHANGES)saint admission on the pond senate to confirm to life committee appointed by, on to the end and staffers are rising revenues of the spectrum of shoreline press book or mandate , cheered as the following, copley's all restive all many fear person is a tour of the less press is saying urgent for the accident as President Jeff the senate will be send notices of the work of some of his early favorite nation financed raids on Iraq has made an announcement, because NT and say Cincinnati and, until onions, back in the invasion on the stadium and 1/4 rated movie taken of the deal was more thinking second day of the stand as a vial of huron browns were gonna tell a 97 else moving in, they can see some about the Carolina game started to use for the season of the city should have said is that you probably have 10-58 to 40 as favor us that it was a view of a cut the owners may have been recognized for motion or changes to a strong message does recognize the commission speaker and women in the CIA has also signed 72 at the request of bill sponsored plan to move in hospital 58 viewable from today's calendar family calendar for Monday night ejection if not sooner has been one of whom are only movies and Davis constantly internment to authorize law enforcement offices emergency personnel service will encounter for use in Toronto vehicles have some common, as Johnson won the comments of savannas is recognized as one of the speaker was no one else what this bill Jones is the changes the definition of a hold from a vehicle was to include the utility vehicle , the plaza mall and utility vehicle is defined as a motor vehicle that is designed for all for use in use the toll Lanes. And cultural overflow from wants it does not include cost more as the basis for the modeling in in this bill is requesting the seedlings and in the day of the utility can be homeless, calling the most loving, for which is known, Korea has formalized rear lights, also have offered more teams will you please inform from the end of one they want me to use to hear the definition all of the utility................
Vehicle to be included under the definition of all terrain vehicle, so it could be subject to this statute. The problem that they have in Wilmington and other areas is the fact that since these vehicles cannot be used on the public highway at this point, they have to be loaded on a trailer and taken there, and there's a practical problem of what you do with the trailer once you get it there. And if they have to take the trailer back to the police or fire department, then they have to come back and get it when they're through using it. So this would be something that would help that situation. The, and this would apply statewide. Mister speaker and members of the House, as to section two, the original bill was to add the city of Wilmington and the city of Enfield to allow the all, the utility vehicles which would now be under the definition of all terrain vehicles to be used by municipalities in the counties that were listed in the statute, but I had had requests from other representatives to include their counties and towns that they represent, so I thought it would just be a whole lot easier and they agreed, if I could make this statewide, and I do have an amendment that has been prepared. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Davis, if you would sign the amendment and while it's getting up here and being posted on the dashboard, you can explain it. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you sir. What the amendment would do would be to remove on line three from the title of the bill to eliminate the word certain. It would also amend the bill on line 35, which is in the title section two, to remove the word listed. And then on page two of the bill, lines 18 through 24 it would remove those, so it would apply statewide. Mister speaker, I'd be happy to answer any questions that anybody may have. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Let's, the clerk will read. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Davis moves to amend the bill on page one, line three by deleting the word certain. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Stay right there. Do you have further explanation of the amendment? [SPEAKER CHANGES] No sir, I'll just ask for the House to please vote in favor of it at the request of other representatives so that this could be statewide. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Brawley, do you want to speak on the amendment? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I do, thank you mister speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] You are recognized. [SPEAKER CHANGES] I would like to thank the gentleman for bringing forth this amendment. Representative Boles and I had discussed with him doing this and he had agreed to allow Representative Boles and in Representative Boles' absence, Representative Davis saw the need and went ahead and handled the amendment, and I want to thank the gentleman for it in his inclusion here. This does not mean these things will happen everywhere, but it will allow the towns to do it, and interestingly enough, it turns out there's several towns that are doing it not realizing that it's illegal for town employees to drive these vehicles. Police, fire, and rescue have always been allowed. There is a limitation to roads with a maximum speed limit of 35 miles an hour. DOT has been consulted on this, they are completely in agreement and see no problems with this change to the law. I ask for your support of the amendment and the bill. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Further question, further debate on the amendment? If not, the question before the, Representative Davis, do you wanna speak? [SPEAKER CHANGES] If I may just add, mister speaker, thank you. The North Carolina Association of Chiefs of Police endorse this as do the State Farmers Association and as Representative Brawley stated, the Department of Transportation has no objection. Thank you, mister speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Okay. Further discussion or debate on the amendment? If not, the question is the adoption of the amendment by Representative Davis. All those in favor will vote aye. All those opposed will vote no. The clerk will open the vote. The clerk will lock the machine and record the vote. The ayes are 112. The nos are two. The amendment is adopted. The bill is back before us on second reading as amended. Does Representative. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Mister Speaker? I was in the chamber. I would like to be recorded as voting yes. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman will be so recorded. Did, Representative Fisher, same thing? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Likewise. [SPEAKER CHANGES] You will be recorded as voting which way? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Okay, further discussion or debate on the bill as amended? If not, the question before the House is the passage of House bill 102 as amended on its second reading. All those in favor will vote aye. All those opposed will vote no. The clerk will open the machine.
Six, five, Representative Conrad, do you want to vote. The clerk will lock the machine and record the vote. The ayes are 114, the nos are 1, the bill has passed its second reading. The amendment changes the title so it would lie on the calendar. Without objection we’ll move that to Monday, Monday March 16th for third reading. By agreement as I understand it the House Bill 157 will be considered last. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes, Representative Conrad. [SPEAKER CHANGES] I need to change my vote. [SPEAKER CHANGES] From which way to which way. [SPEAKER CHANGES] To yes, sir. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentlelady will be so recorded. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The intention is to take up 157 last on the calendar so the next one is House Bill 79, the clerk will read. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representatives Glazier, Stevens, Zachary and Davis, House Bill 79, a bill to be entitled an act amending the law pertaining to civil no contact order to clarify that a knowing violation of a civil no contact order is punishable by civil or criminal contempt and clarify the scope, stay and the proceeding when the case is on appeal. The General Assembly of North Carolina enacts. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Glazier is recognized to explain the bill. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you very much, Mr. Speaker, members. This is a bill that passed unanimously through Judiciary 2 yesterday. I’ll explaining the first provision and Representative Jordan will be explaining the second provision. The first provision deals with an attempt to clean up the issue of contempt in civil no contact orders. Very briefly under chapter 50c there is a provision for which the court an issue civil no contact orders for people who are stalking or otherwise engaging in non-consensual conduct with a person. The judge in those cases can order a bunch of relief including no contact. Orders can be temporary or they can be permanent and if a person violates that order it’s punishable by contempt. Up until very recently all the courts thought they had both criminal and civil contempt power. Civil contempt power is an attempt to get someone, to coerce them into comply with a court’s judgment, usually by imprisoning them until such time as they do. Criminal contempt is where they are disobeying a court order and often a fine can be assessed for the punishment for that disobedience. When someone violates a no contact order it can be either criminal or civil, judges just have to choose. The court of appeals in a very recent opinion said well, our statute’s just not clear. It’s clear that civil contempt is available but it’s not real clear that criminal contempt is available which judges had traditionally for decades been using. This simply clears it up and says judges in these cases can use both civil or criminal contempt in their discretion as the circumstances warrant. It’s been approved by the bar. There’s no opposition to this provision in the bill, and with that Mr. Speaker I would turn section 2 of the bill over to Representative Jordan. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Jordan is recognized to debate the bill. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I appreciate the primary sponsors on this bill allowing us to add section 2 which is also brought to us by the Bar Association and supported by the Bar and add it as a legal procedure to their current bill. Basically what you can imagine in a lawsuit things can be appealed and you don’t have to appeal the entire lawsuit. You can appeal part of a suit and part of it can go up and be appealed and the court can deal with the rest of it at the same time down at the lower court, but it can get very, very convoluted and inefficient and pieces of it can be on appeal and other pieces not. All this does is if you look at the language, our Supreme Court writes the rules of appellate procedure, this gives them the authority to write it so that these appeals can be handled more efficiently and that’s all it does. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Further discussion or debate? If not the question before the House is the passage of House Bill 79 on its second reading. All those in favor will vote aye, all those opposed will vote no, the clerk will open the vote. Representative Haines, do you care to vote. The clerk will open the machine and record the vote. The ayes are 114, the nos are 0. The bill has passed its second reading and will without objection be read a third time. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The General Assembly of North Carolina Enacts. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Is there
Further discussion or debate? If not, the question for the House is passage of House Bill 79 on its third reading. Also those in favor will say aye. Those opposed will say no. The ayes have it. The bill has passed its third reading and will be passed to the Senate. House Bill 134, the clerk will read. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representatives Glazier, Davis, Hamilton, and McGrady. House Bill 134, a bill to be ?? act provide that a minor who is soliciting a prostitute is immune from prosecution for the offense of solicitation and prostitution. General Assembly will now kindly ?? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Glazier is recognized. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you Mr. Speaker. Members, this is a bill that passed with one descending vote yesterday from the Judiciary 2 Committee. Ill briefly explain the background. Rep Davis, Rep Hamilton, and Rep McGrady are other on the bill, and may if there’s any question, have comments. But you all who were here will remember that we passed the most comprehensive human trafficking bill in the country last session. That took a tremendous rewrite. It was a bill by Representative Davis, Representative Hamilton, and Senator Goulsby. There were a number of rewrites, including a very large conference committee report. The provision you’re looking at was in the bill, it’s been passed and passed into law, so we already put this substantively into law. But we put it effectively in the wrong place. There are four grades of sort of offenses: solicitation for prostitution, the lowest, then prostitution, then essentially, for lack of a better way, we have a provision that deals with the pimps, and then we have a provision that deals with human traffickers, each having higher grades of punishment. One of the policy decision we made in the House by a vote of 110-0 at the time as part of the bill was that for kids who are young boys and girls ages up to the end of their time as 16 and 17 year olds, are often in this as a matter of life-and-death, or security reasons, or safety reasons. And we, instead of charging them, want to treat them as victims when they are being soliciting, and get them into DSS for referral for neglect and abuse, and follow the New York model, and the model that New Hanover county has put in play, that was recommended by the bar association and judges across the country. We did that, but we put this immunity provision in with the prostitution section that is the higher offense, we didn’t put it in a immunity provision in the lowest offense, the solicitation charge, so that kind of made no sense, and that was just a drafting error and I take full responsibility because I was involved in the conference report. This fixes that at the request of the district judges, and puts the same immunity provision into law for the higher charge, for the lower charge for these kids. I’ll be glad to answer any questions but I think that’s all this does and I know other than Representative Stam, and I need to say this other than his concern over the policy which we debated last year, I know of no opposition to this provision. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Further discussion or debate? If not, the question before the House is the passage of House Bill 134 in its second reading. All those in favor will vote aye, all those opposed will vote no. The clerk will open the vote. The clerk will open the vote, and record the vote. The ayes are 115, the no’s are 0. The bill has passed its second reading, and will without objection, be read a third time. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The General Assembly will now kindly annex. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Further discussion or debate? If not, the question before the House, is the passage House Bill 134 in its third reading. All those in favor will say aye. Those opposed will say no. The ayes have it. The bill is passed in its third reading, and will be sent to the Senate. House Bill 157, the clerk will read. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representatives McElraft, Catlin, House Bill 157, an action in various environmental laws. The General assembly will now kindly annex. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative McElraft is recognized to explain the bill. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you Mr. Speaker. House Bill 157 is our amended environmental laws. It’s our amends bill that we do every year, and part one is the interstate mining compact clarification and it allows the Governor to send an official from ?? to act on the Governor’s behalf on that interstate compact commission.
Was part two is recycled and recovered materials. It would exclude steel slag and that is a product of the electric arc furnace steel making process and it excludes it from the definition of solid waste. Representative Hunter has new coarse steel in his area, and I think he has a bill that actually is requesting that same legislation. Section 2B would clarify the requirements for recovered materials under the statutes governing the management of solid waste. And under current law, if a material qualifies as recovered material, it is not subject to regulation as solid waste. Section three is technical corrections for coal ash management. It clarifies the implementing agencies. The coal ash management act of 2014 is implemented by several different state agencies, including the coal ash management commission, the environmental management commission, and the utilities commission. So that just clarifies what each of their duties are, what they're responsible for implementing. And the technical corrections, 3.2 would correct an incorrect statutory cross reference, 3.3 would repeal unnecessary reporting deadlines. There is a structural fill moratorium in the coal ash management act and it was placed on there in section 3.4 would make a correction to the exceptions in the structural fill moratorium to clarify all of the listed requirements. Section 3.4 would make a technical correction of the effective date of the moratorium on the use of coal combustion products and structural fill. Section 3.4 A and B would be retroactively effective to September 20, 2014 and apply to the use of coal combustion products as structural fill contracted on or after that date. Then we have section 3.5 would clarify certain responsibilities related to corrective action under the authority of the secretary of environment and natural resources. And then we have part 4, which, all it does is change the name of the echo enhancement program to the division of mitigation services. Part 5, the energy policy council amendments. It would provide that the secretary of DENR and natural resources, and secretary of commerce and the lieutenant governor may appoint designees to represent them on the energy policy council. And section 5 would also provide that a member of the energy policy council will be automatically removed if he or she fails to attend three successive meetings without just cause and would allow the Governor to remove any member of the council for misfeasance, malfeasance, or nonfeasance. And then part 6 is, this would clarify the EMC, this is the part we discussed earlier. Would clarified the EMC, that they would only be required to adopt additional rules to our air toxics from drilling operations if it was determined that by the EMC and DENR that the state's current air toxics program and applicable federal regulations adopted by the state were inadequate. And that's, that's it, and I'll be happy to answer any questions. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman from Rutherford, Representative Hager is recognized. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Debate the bill, mister speaker. Much has been made of this amendment that we put on the bill in environment. We've had a couple votes on it. We had the amendment last week, so everybody's full well I think of what the amendment does, but I want to point out something to you guys. The other side will say well, this does away with the mandate that we told them we were gonna do for the energy exploration rules. But look at the last page guys, section six, I think it's line one. Let me read it to you in case you don't have it in front of you. The environmental management commission, the EMC, then it words, uses the word shall. Now to me, that sounds like the mandate's still there. It says it shall do these things. It says it shall look at the state and federal guidelines, and if they aren't stringent enough, they will adopt their own. It says shall. It doesn't say may, it doesn't say if it's raining on Tuesday, it doesn't say if the sun shines. It says it shall do that. Now this is a time sensitive piece. We have to have this adopted by the seventeenth. That's why the other side's trying to stop this. There's some issues going on there, some behind the scenes issues. But let me point out, you have not said that the mandate will not exist. It says shall, guys, remember that
IWRHEO [0:00:00.0] Now, when you speak or when you talk to folks or when folks explained this to you then may say shout so please push me for this bill. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Reives is recognized to send forward an amendment. If that’s what you care to be recognized for. [SPEAKER CHANGES] That is Mr. Speaker and thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The clerk will read. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Reives moves to amend the bill on page 15, line 49 through page 16, line 18 by deleting those lines. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Reives is recognized to explain the amendment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you Mr. Speaker, ladies and gentlemen of the house I would just say that I would have to respectfully disagree as to whether or not one this is a clarification and then two as to what mandate this now puts on the Environmental Measuring Commission, if you will remember back from SPA20 when this is originally brought up there was a determination made by the General Assembly at that time that there need to be a special attention made to air pollution that may come from oil and gas industry that was passed, that was part of the mandate and that’s proceeded on up until this time, what it appears to me that this section we are asking to delete and we do with at that this point in time will tell the Environmental Measuring Commission I agree with Representative Hager that the word shell is in there but then if you proceed on it gives them the option to say, “If you feel the State and Federal regulations are fine then you don’t have to do anything.” Therefore, there is no mandate for them to do anything, there was a mandate for them to look and see if the state regulations are fine. What we would ask you to do at this point in time is to strike that language in the bill because again what we are saying is—we believe that the original intent of SPA20 and I don’t know of anything about any ulterior motives or anything about the 17, I live in a district where if there is Fracking I have been told they are going to frack and so I would like for them to have a mandate to pay attention to our air pollution rules, to pay attention to the air quality and then make a determination on their own since the General Assembly said in 2012 that there did seem to be a reason we had to treat oil and gas differently for them to make that determination and for them not to be given it out to say that, “It’s okay, what we have already got with the State and Federal regulations.” So I would ask you to support this amendment please. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Millis for what purpose you rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To see if the amendment sponsor would yell to a question? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Reives, do you yell to a question? Representative Reives, do you yell to a question? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes, Sir. [SPEAKER CHANGES] He yells. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you Mr. Speaker and thank you Representative Reives, I definitely hear your intent with this amendment, I just wanna ask you a question, in your dialogue I see you are explaining it, it was actually stated that the EMC wouldn’t have the mandate in order to make sure that we have adequate regulations to protect public health in our environment, would you please answer the question reading the bill it says that the commission that’s charged the EMC shall deem if X, Y, and Z are inadequate. Therefore, they have a legislative mandate to make the determination of whether there needs to be our own written air toxic quality rules or whether they deem that what is actually out there now is inadequate. So I’m confused about the term or the statement that you made is that—the very commission that we have charged to make sure that we have public health protection as well as our environmental protection, if this is not a mandate to make sure that they do their job and to make sure that our public in our environment is protected. [SPEAKER CHANGES] I will try to be more clear and I apologize I’m an Attorney and sometimes we are not clear and I apologize for that. What this seems to read to me is saying what the original language was is that the EMC shall adopt rules which means they are mandate at that time is to make rules, what this section now says is that they shall make sure that the rules are adequate which gives them the right to say, “Well, if the State and Federal rules are inadequate then they have to do something but if the State and Federal rules are adequate then the EMC has no mandate whatsoever to create any new rules.” And what I’m saying is, it seems to me that the original Senate Bill, the General Assembly at some point in time must have fell that special rules need to made for oil and gas because they put that in there I mean they had that option at the time they have made the original bill, they had the option at that time to say, “Hey, if you guys have got State and Federal regulations and think they are okay that’s fine but what they seem to imply with the legislative…” [0:05:00.4] [End of file…]
Seasonal city pays me think that with letting everyone has special challenges higher quality is available only will the EMC to specifically made loans regarding Oleg assets to raise its own to meet with key to the spirit of the original Indians games and until then we now have the halos and is now done nothing to say that they have else who is in our view the state will deliver the state regulations right now determine if you're at it with the wrath of all his Sony and there's no mandates to do anything is that have made a determination with another thing that would we would like to see them having made a steal that they create a new set of loans of this city of Nis have I mean, it's a short questions and shorty answers for purposes represented the state, some analysts for the purpose of you must become human body are began to recognize some wheels first welcome back here said Collins for cure few runs today did you recognize all five senators around here that the use of almost a scientist and some of them bought for many of them just people who are experts in this out to make this decision I would want to folks like those in the styles most of us to move very worrying about this topic a certain number of about , as many of the offer from either of Islam , not just a very bright correctly that what we're done with this memo is allowing those who were charged with, making sure the public key sites was to start this process were given them an alternative looking at those sites are rules model levels, is among the strictest article on rules of the country and say whether and when the dog is is is this debate was much more expertise than we are says that those rules and would not go along with him run gave us trying to tell the audience a nonleague water job is that how to do their job outside a note of your job is nothing but does not have their jobs if you believe like added in dealing with some sense out the knowledge rather blow to politicians do not want to ask you about maleness members of one of(SPEAKER CHANGES) Mrs. Harrison is recognized by teaming up with our taxes to speak. (SPEAKER CHANGES)I have been seven enticing of this mess of Gas Exploration and I think if they can be done in a way that protects a National Resources are state and on top of the citizens then we see going inside Thailand in a way to stem and sizes and 10¢ on an acting as saying that's not really what this is all done on back only authorized on sacking way and that hasn't even as if it's active in the season state and the Federal government says it might affect the operations from any Federal oversight so it was necessary that we have a free marketplace to the title of health and make sure that we did this as a resource in the process of this new technology satellite time in nine days as a medicine of the season, said honestly and at this from a seven night and has an answer that minimum requirements and used specifically as a specific areas - on shortcomings and can't get the audience and sign when there is significant in Viacom's associated with backing from Disneyland's business of them came into effect Tuesday night of the¢ innocence about an operations can construct a Wells and only has a map has seen a man from any of the undercuts it happens in compressors are further out the outbreak line citizen weakness in the file was a mess of the valley is among some guys same as in, and(SPEAKER CHANGES) I and medicine says saint Helens summit of 65 innings of the death of his program eyes and Semitism, Maffei Mrs. Amazingly consistent, why doesn't promise and an accessory impact if ranking, its place in seven of the time when I and I say is an offensive affected in a mistake and this Indians that isn't a need to set aside 2013 and determined to some other states are doing things the city planning can identify me something, if we didn't have anything in the sun was a stand on this season, the net in landing in this is a minute I have a significant threat of races and at this time and money was deposited on a process in fact, said the new messages and his strategy for us to have a body and mandate of the doubt it done was to decide how to Michael and is in as anonymous as president taking place as any and activism and some not have as a citizen that Is a missile testing as a citizen of Indiana Sciences have rising and non ..........................
To speak energy in the bigger companies we’re probably gonna have those wild counters and we need to make sure that we have the strongest state rules possible because we just don’t have the federal protections we need. So I don’t wanna go into the procedure of this. I appreciate Representative Lewis and the Speaker giving us a heads up on this and I don’t wanna get into all that but I do think there’s a procedural issue here as well, but I do think on the substance, I think it’s really important that we not remove the mandate that North Carolina, that the body is charged with protecting the quality of assistance to the state. That we do not remove the mandate that they adopt rules to protect the citizens of this state, so I strongly urge support of this amendment. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman from Rutherford, Representative Hager is recognized to debate the amendment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I’d like to ask Representative Reives a question and then debate the bill after that if you don’t mind. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Reives do you yield for a question? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I do. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Representative, for yielding to a question. Are you aware, you talked about the intent of Senate Bill 820 . You’re aware that I was one of the original developers of that bill working with the Senate and as such you’re aware that I would be able to decide the intent of the bill? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I would say that I expected that there were several people here that worked on that bill and I have not gone through to see who all those people are. No sir. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Follow up, Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Do you yield, Representative Reives, to the follow up? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes I do. [SPEAKER CHANGES] He yields. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Do you realize that yesterday in Environment that the DNR representative stood up and said that we agree with this process? Were you aware of that Representative Reives? [SPEAKER CHANGES] No, sir, I was not. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Follow up, Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Do you yield for a follow up? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Last one, I promise. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Do you yield for a follow up. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yes, Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] He does, he yields. [SPEAKER CHANGES] And as such with the DNR standing up and saying this, EMC saying the same thing, would you point to another body in this state or in this legislature, in the governors or in wherever that would be more adequate to decide the rules rather than DNR or EMC in this state? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I’m not aware of one but at the appropriate time I would like to ask a question of Mr. Hager. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Reives. [SPEAKER CHANGES] We’ll come back to you, Representative Reives. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Speak on the bill, Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Hager is recognized to debate the amendment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] If you can, guys, just go back to the amendment. It’s a simple amendment. It says shall, and read this, it says the Environmental Management Commission shall adopt rules. Representative Harrison indicated that they weren’t gonna adopt any rules. It said they shall adopt rules if they find the state and federals are inadequate. So it gives them the choice, look at the state and federal, if they’re not adequate then don’t adopt them, adopt your own, so it gives you the choice to look at them first. That’s all this does. It doesn’t say not to adopt rules. It doesn’t say that you’re not gonna fulfill the mandate of 820, the intent of which I’m, most of you that served in that time know I was intimately involved with, so don’t think that the EMC is not going to adopt rules, it just allows them to first look at the federal and state guidelines. Very simple. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Gentleman from Cumberland, Representative Glazier is recognized. [SPEAKER CHANGES] First to see if Representative Reives would yield for a question and then for a comment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Reives, will you yield for a question? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I’d be happy to yield for a question. [SPEAKER CHANGES] He yields. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Thank you, Representative. Your argument earlier on this, I wanna see if I can summarize so I’m clear about it, is your argument at what this, the effect of this amendment does is to in fact restrict EMC’s capacity to develop rules based on best practices because of the term adequacy which suggests that if they determine that the current existing federal/state combination regime is simply adequate they’re without authority to go beyond that. Would that be a summary of your view? [SPEAKER CHANGES] That’s one good part of it. Thank you, now. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Glazier’s recognized to debate the amendment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] And it seems to me that’s the problem here. I agree with Representative Hager actually that on its face there’s not, if it were read exactly as Representative Hager reads it to be I see less of a problem than others might. the problem I have is not what, how it reads currently but how it’s gonna be interpreted in the future and how I see this playing out is even if EMC determines in their scientific capacity as the best, and I agree here, is the best source of where we’re gonna be going that the regime between the feds when they put something substantive truly in place and the state program, when they determine that that is adequate, yes, but that there are better practices out there that they wanna incorporate the term adequacy will be used by folks arguing who oppose any increased burden or rule that EMC is without jurisdiction and authority to create rules above the minimum, and that’s where I think is the problem
I don’t think that there’s a problem, that there’s going to have to be a minimum. I think the amendment does take care of that. The problem is, I think it sets the minimum as both the floor and the ceiling at the same time. And that’s the problem, and I think that’s exactly where we’re headed here, and that’s why I opposed the amendment, not because it doesn’t set a floor, I think it does, but because it now sets the floor as the ceiling as well. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, the Chair intends to recognize Representative Reives in support of the amendment, and then Representative McElraft , the bills sponsor and opposition. Rep Reeves, you’re recognized. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I did just have one question of Representative Hager to follow up. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Does Representative Hager yield? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I do. Yes sir, I yield to all questions Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] And again, reading this, Representative Hager, if the amendment were to pass, is there anything with the way 820 was written, that would keep the EMC from looking at the state and federal regulations, and then writing their own rules, but basically cut and pasting and adopting all those rules? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Reives, I can just answer this way. I can only answer what’s in the amendment and knowing what the intent of what, me as a sponsor carry the Senate Bill 820 through this Chamber. It says if they find them inadequate, then they can write their rules. That’s what the amendment says. That’s what the amendment that I put in says. If they look at state and federal guidelines and they say, “these are not good enough to cover” as Representative Harrison says, methane. So we’re not going to adopt those, or we’re going to adopt those and write our own, on the methane issue.” That’s what this amendment says. That’s what you’re amendment would take out, their ability to do that. [SPEAKER CHANGES] I now intend to recognize first Representative Harrison in support of the amendment, and then Representative McElraft, the bill’s sponsor and opposition. Representative Harrison, you’re recognized. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you. Actually, Mr. Speaker, I have a very quick question of Representative Hager. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Does Representative Hager yield? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I do. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you. Representative Hager, I’m trying to figure out how this will play out. So the deadline here says permits can start to be issued and applications can be effective March 17. If we have the permit applicant files and we don’t have any error rules in place, and maybe a year hence, the EMC does adopt strong error rules, are those permit applications going to be grandfathered into the earlier, weaker, rules? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Harris, I think that’s a question for the experts in the EMC, but if you asked me personally, I think we have a set of guidelines that if we find out the federal and state are good enough, then I think that solves the issue. This gives them the ability to do that with the EMC and Mine Energy Commission involved and also I think that’s a question more situated to ?? folks. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, and to speak to the bill. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The lady from Guilford is recognized to debate. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, I just don’t want to beat this up too much, but I do want to remind folks that all the promises we made to the citizens of North Carolina back when we initially adopted Senate Bill 820 with all those requirements, we adopt these rules. We told the state we were not going to move until we had the strongest regulations in place, and I believe this goes back on that additional promise. We did it last summer, on a quick vote, and now we’re doing it today on another quick vote. In the Mining and Energy Committee has a sub-committee looking at these air quality rules, and I think they are unlikely to move. I think what this does is it sends a signal from the legislature to the EMC that they can just ignore the EMC’s requests. I just think it sends the wrong signal. I think we had a strong mandate. Adopt these rules, protect the public health, and now we’re saying, okay, it’s optional. I strongly urge you to vote yes on the amendment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the lady from Carteret, Representative McElraft rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To speak on the motion on the amendment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The lady has the floor to speak on the amendment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Folks, I have a statement from the Deputy Director of the Department of Air Quality. He’s been attending our meetings, and he said, “at this time a regulatory framework is in place and sufficient for covering air emission sources at Shell gas development and production facilities.” Okay, they continue to look at what other states are doing, and at this point they have found no other states that are doing anything really more than what we are, but if they do find that, they can go ahead and make a rule. This does not keep them from making rules. These are the people we have put in these positions. These environmental positions, scientists, our Department of Environment and Natural Resources. These are the folks that we trust. The people that have the knowledge. That is exactly the people we need to be making this decision. They are putting a baseline monitoring station up in Lee County, the anticipated next--
They didn't have to do that. Their charge in GS 143 215.107 is to make sure that our air quality standards are at the their top. They're not going to let anything happen in this state and we need to trust them, that they are not going to let anything happen that will infringe on our air quality standards which are the best in the Southeast. Thank you. Vote no on this amendment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Further discussion, further debate on the amendment offered by Representative Reeves, to the House Committee Substitute for House Bill 157. If not, so many favoring adoption of the Reeves amendment will vote aye. Those opposed will vote no. The clerk will open the vote. [PAUSE] The clerk will lock the machine and record the vote. 46 having voted in the affirmative and 70 in the negative, the amendment fails. We're now back on discussion of the main bill, for what purpose does the lady from Mecklenberg, Representative Cunningham, rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Mr. Speaker I apologize but I need to change my vote on House Bill, the Davis Amendment, to yes. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The lady will be recorded as having voted yes on House Bill 102. Further discussion, further debate on the bill? If not, the question before the House is the passage of the House Committee Substitute for House Bill 157 on its second reading. So many favoring passage of the bill will vote Aye. Those opposed will vote No. The clerk will open the vote. [PAUSE] The clerk will lock the machine and record the vote. 76 having voted in the affirmative and 40 in the negative, the House Committee Substitute for House Bill 157 passes its second reading and will, without objection, be read a third time. [SPEAKER CHANGES] General Assembly of North Carolina enacts. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Further discussion, further debate. If not, the question before the House is the passage of the House Committee Substitute for House Bill 157 on its third reading. So many favoring passage of the bill will say Aye. Those opposed will say No. The ayes have it and the House Committee Substitute for House Bill 157 passes its third reading and will be sent to the Senate by special messenger. For what purpose does the gentlemen from Randolph, Representative McNeil rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I apologize, but I'd like to be recorded as voting “yes” on the amendment. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman wishes to be recorded as voting yes on the Reeves amendment too? [SPEAKER CHANGES] I apologize. Leave my vote where it is. [SPEAKER CHANGES] So the gentleman wishes to be recorded as voting “no” on the amendment? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Yeah, I'm sorry. I was somewhere else in the chamber, talking, and I guess lost track of what was going on. [SPEAKER CHANGES] All right. Very well. [PAUSE] Notices and announcements. By the way, I believe we, I'm not sure if our nurse of the day was introduced. Desiree Dupree of Winterville is with us as the nurse of the day. We're glad to have you here with us today, ma'am. [APPLAUSE] For what purpose does the gentleman from Gaston, Representative Hastings, rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] For an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman is recognized for an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The House Finance Committee will meet tomorrow at 9AM in room 544, Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the lady from Carteret, Representative McElraft, rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To make an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The lady is recognized for an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Environment Committee that was scheduled for 10:00 tomorrow will be canceled again, for the fourth time. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] And for members' planning purposes, it does not appear there will be recorded votes tomorrow, so the session would be a very short session, if there are committee chairs who want to have a meeting. The clerk has an announcement? The clerk is recognized to read the announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] House Committee on Aging will meet on Wednesday March 11 at 2PM in room 423 LOB. The House Committee on
Will meet Thursday, March 12th at 9AM in room 544 LOV. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Mecklenberg, Representative Brawley rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] For an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman is recognized for an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I request that the House conferees for Senate Bill 20 meet in room 534 at 3 o’clock preparatory to a meeting with their Senate counterparts in room 328 at 3:30. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Rutherford, Representative Hager rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] For an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman is recognized for an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Republicans will caucus at 1 o’clock. Short caucus at 1 o’clock in 1228. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Transylvania, Representative Whitmire rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Mr. Speaker, for two announcements. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman is recognized to state both announcements. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Okay, first of all the Homeland Security, Military Veterans Committee will meet tomorrow. Keep an eye on your emails for precision on the timing but as for now we will plan to meet in our normally scheduled room at 10:15 and we’ll make sure we steer clear of session. The speaker tomorrow will brief our major military installations to include active guard and reserve units, missions, their economic impact and their brack vulnerability so anyone who would like to attend is welcome and please note your committee announcements for fine tuning on the time. A little bit of a dynamic schedule. The second thing so please keep the family and friends of 11 service members who are presumed dead from a helicopter crash this morning in the Florida panhandle, Gulf of Mexico area and it’s part of keeping our nation free, but things like that do happen. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Randolph, Representative McNeill rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] For an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman is recognized for an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] I’d like to announce the House Committee on Education, Community College will meet next Tuesday, March the 17th at 11 AM in 643. We’ll be taking up House Bill 129. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Lincoln, Representative Saine rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] For an announcement, Mr. Speaker. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman is recognized for an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. There will be a meeting at 4:30 PM in the legislative auditorium for the International Business and Trade Caucus. Love to have you there. We’re gonna have Secretary of Commerce John Skavala and Commissioner of Agriculture Steve Trotsler. That’s at 4:30 in the legislative auditorium. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the lady from Randolph, Representative Hurley rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To make an announcement clarifying. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The lady has the floor for an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Okay, the Committee on Aging will meet at 2PM in room 423. Thank you. [SPEAKER CHANGES] And that meeting is today for the committee? [SPEAKER CHANGES] Today. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Today at 2. Okay. [SPEAKER CHANGES] For what purpose does the gentleman from Rockingham, Representative Jones rise? [SPEAKER CHANGES] To make an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] The gentleman is recognized for an announcement. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Actually 2 announcements if I may, Mr. Speaker. The House Committee on Health will meet at 12:30 today in 643 and the monthly prayer breakfast for the capital commission will meet tomorrow morning at 7:30 in the member’s dining room in the cafeteria. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Further notices and announcements? If not, the gentleman from Harnett, Representative Lewis rise is recognized for a motion. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker I move that subject to messages from the Senate, re-referral of bills and resolution, appointment of conferees and the reading of representative statements that the House now adjourn to reconvene on Thursday, March 12th at 10:00 AM. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative Lewis moves, seconded by Representative Bumgardner, that the House adjourn subject to messages from the Senate, re-referral of bills and resolutions and appointment of conferees and the reading of representative statements to reconvene Thursday, March 12, 2015 at 10:00 PM. So many in favor of the motion will say aye. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Aye. [SPEAKER CHANGES] Those opposed will say no. The ayes have it. We stand adjourned. [gavel bangs] [blank audio] [SPEAKER CHANGES] Representative statement honoring the Girl Scouts of the USA. Whereas the first Girl Scout group was organized by Juliette Gordon Lowe on March 12, 1912 in Savannah, GA and chartered by the US Congress on March 16, 1950 and whereas the mission of Girl Scouts of the USA is to build girls of courage, confidence and character to make the world a better place and whereas Girl Scouts is open to girls of all ethnic, racial and economic background from kindergarten through the 12th grade and whereas girl scouts provide girls with a variety of
Experiences including community service projects culture changes environmental stewardship, field trips and sport skill building clinics. And where as girl scouts also provide opportunities for girls to gather together and have fun an develop friendship and recognize that they can accomplish a group wan where as the girl scout scouting experiences and activities girls learn to develop their individual potential relate to others around them develop personal values to help them make decisions throughout their lifetime and to contribute to society through their abilities and skills. And where as girl scouts of America can count more than fifty nine million women in the US who enjoy girl scouts in their childhood include fifty three percent of all women business owners sixty percent of female members of the US hose of representatives and fifty nine percent of the female members of the US senate. And where as girl scouts of America have one hundred and twelve charters nation wide and where as today girl scouts of the USA have two point eight million members including two million girl and eight hundred thousand adult members working primarily as volunteers and were as in partnership of tens of thousands of adult volunteers girl scouts of twenty four North Carolina's serve at least sixty thousand girl members and all one hundred North Carolina counties and where as girl scouts of the USA is an American institution that has for over a hundred years has empowered girls to develop their skills and abilities in ways that enrich their lives and their communities. Now therefore the house of representatives honors the memory of Juliet Gordon Lowe for her role in founding the girl scouts of the USA and expresses it's appreciation the organization and it's members are committed to building girls of courage, confidence, and character to make the world a better place. In witness thereof and under signed certifies that the foregoing statement was read in the house and placed upon the journal on the eleventh day of March 2015.
The content you’re trying to view is for members only. Please register in order to access this content.
best time to buy patio furniture best time to buy outdoor furniture elegant patio light brown sectional sofa luxury unique wicker outdoor best time of year to buy patio furniture.
best time to buy patio furniture online of year purchase nice how cover chairs with,best time to buy patio furniture from target awesome spray paint for outdoor home ideas at depot online,best time to purchase outdoor furniture buy patio in arizona at lowes material for,best time of year to purchase patio furniture buy from target online expensive outdoor,best time to buy patio furniture at home depot lowes outdoor inspirational luxury when from target,best time buy patio furniture to at lowes costco material for,best time to buy patio furniture at home depot of year purchase the places outdoor from target,best time to buy patio furniture at costco purchase outdoor home depot when,best time to buy patio furniture from target of year in arizona holiday and gift ideas,best time buy patio furniture to from target of year purchase when is the.
Bad News: There is no way to avoid candidates standing you up. Good News: You can reduce the occurrence and displeasure. It can rarely be more frustrating than this scenario: When you have squeezed out whatever little time you have … Read More
On Tuesday, March 7th at 3pm, the University Learning Center is offering our “Oral Presentations” workshop. This workshop will provide tips for engaging one’s audience and feeling confident in front of crowds. This event will be held at 66 West 12th Street in room 801. The flyer is attached here, as
Who is in your network? Are you able to find great internship opportunities? Connecting with your peers? A terrific way to build your network, find an internship or job, and connect with like-minded students is at our Diversity & Media Summit on November 19, at the Kimmel Center at NYU. At
Careers in Filmmaking Webinar November 5, 2018. 1:30 – 2:30 p.m. EST Join: https://NewSchool.zoom.us/j/9352123409 In this webinar, a panel of innovative documentary- and film-makers, will offer insight and advice on working in the industry. They’ll share their wisdom, discuss their journeys and consider what they wish they would have known
On Monday, October 29th from 12pm-1:30pm, the University Learning Center will offer a workshop on Oral Presentations. Students will cover pre-presentation strategies, how to structure presentations, and techniques for engaging an audience with confidence. This workshop is open for all New School students. This workshop will be held at 66 West 12th Street in Room 801. Please
Please join us on Friday, October 26, for a discussion with film director and architect Liam Young. Seminar participants are asked to prepare by viewing pre-circulated material on Liam Young’s work, available for download at http://www.gidest.org/events/2018/10/12/liam-young. Liam Young is a speculative architect who operates in the spaces between design, fiction
The Center opens doors for a remarkably diverse community of talented student and young professionals. Our mission is to connect media recruiters to this diverse, rich talent pool to ensure a brighter future for the industry. You won’t want to miss this special day of insight and
Join Adorama & Sony for an exciting, social, and productive photography experience unlike any other! Build your portfolio shooting 5 unique and interactive shooting stations while experiencing the latest Sony Alpha gear, including full frame mirrorless cameras and G Master lenses of your choosing.
Columbia University Oral History Master of the Arts (OHMA) invites you to our fall 2018 workshop series on Oral History and the Future. Please see details below and stay tuned for future announcements for the rest of the workshops in this series. WHEN: Thursday, October 18, 2018, 6:10 –
On Thursday, October 18th from 3-4:30pm, the University Learning Center, in partnership with Career Services and Experiential Opportunities, will be offering a workshop entitled Professional Communication. Students will learn how to make an impact with their communication skills when writing a resume or cover letter and when speaking to potential employers
GIDEST Seminar Virag Molnar FASHIONING THE NATION IN THE AGE OF POPULISM Friday, October 12, 12-1:30 p.m. GIDEST Lab, Room 411, 63 Fifth Avenue Please join us on Friday, October 12 for a discussion with sociologist Virag Molnar of her paper “Fashioning the Nation in the Age of Populism.”
Join UnionDocs and delve into the use of objects and archival materials at SPECULATIONS IN THE ARCHIVE workshop led by filmmaker Courtney Stephens. From October 12-14, we will look at the challenges and possibilities of building and telling stories with found materials. Through the lens
Join The Center for Graduate Career and Professional Development + The School of Media Studies for Entrepreneurship 101 Webinar
Entrepreneurship 101 Webinar Wednesday, October 3 from 2:30 – 3:30 p.m Join The Center for Graduate Career and Professional Development and the School of Media Studies for the first session in our Career webinar series. In this session, a panel of innovative entrepreneurs in fields
This lab is for women writer-directors who are ready to make narrative features but need some help putting together pitch packages. Each filmmaker will have written and directed at least one narrative short that showcases her as a director and have written a feature length
GIDEST Seminar Okwui Okpokwasili THE UNRULY BODY: PERFORMANCE, ENERGETIC TRANSMISSION, AND BECOMING UNDONE Friday, April 27, 12-1:30 p.m. Starr Foundation Hall, Room L102, 63 Fifth Avenue Please note: Due to the recent fire at 2 W.13th St., this event will take place in the Starr Foundation Hall, Room L102, 63
GIDEST Seminar N. K. Jemisin SENTIENT ROCK PEOPLE, SOCIAL REALISM, AND YOU Friday, April 20, 12-1:30 p.m. Starr Foundation Hall, Room L102, 63 Fifth Avenue Please note: Due to the recent fire at 2 W.13th St., this event will take place in the Starr Foundation Hall, Room L102, 63 Fifth Avenue.
On Thursday April 26th from 2pm-3:30pm, the University Learning Center will be offering their last workshop of the semester: Citing ​ ​ 101. This workshop will provide a guide through the three main citation styles (Chicago, MLA, and APA). They will demonstrate how to cite quotes and paraphrases within a paper, as well as
Students are cordially invited to an Integrative PhD Collaborative Seminar information session on May 8th. The Mellon funded Integrative PhD Program supports cross-divisional graduate research seminars taught by faculty from NSSR, Parsons, and SPE. Tuesday, 8th May, 6PM, D907, 6 E 16th Street For more
GIDEST Seminar Joan Jonas FROM THE IMAGINARY TO THE REAL Friday, April 13, 12-1:30 p.m. Starr Foundation Hall, Room L102, 63 Fifth Avenue CHANGE OF VENUE: Due to the recent fire at 2 W.13th St., this event will take place in the Starr Foundation Hall,
GIDEST Seminar George E. Lewis NEW MUSIC, NEW SUBJECTS: THE SITUATION OF A CREOLE Friday, March 16, 12-1:30pm Please join the Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography, & Social Thought in the GIDEST Lab, room 411, 63 Fifth Avenue, on Friday, March 16, for a discussion with composer, performer, and theorist George
GIDEST Seminar Jeanine Oleson CONDUCT MATTERS Friday, March 9, 12-1:30pm Please join the Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography & Social Thought in the GIDEST Lab, room 411, 63 Fifth Avenue, at 12pm on Friday, March 9, for a discussion with Jeanine Oleson of her project Conduct Matters. Seminar participants are asked to prepare
The New York Int’l Children’s Film Festival’s is premiering a brand new virtual reality initiative this weekend! And the good news is that New School students get discounted $5 tickets to attend the VR talk this Sunday. One of the highlights of the VR program, is that this talk
Expanded Sanctuary is part of a series of events that explore the possibilities of sanctuary – as ideal, as theory, as practice, as historical proposition, as a vision of social justice for the present. Expanded Sanctuary will focus on the intersections between sanctuary and diverse
GIDEST Seminar Alexander Galloway JODI’S INFRASTRUCTURE Friday, February 16, 12-1:30pm Please join the Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography & Social Thought in the GIDEST Lab, room 411. 63 Fifth Avenue, at 12pm on Friday, February 16, for a discussion with Alexander Galloway, Professor of Media, Culture,
Designing Your Life for Graduate Students An experimental and highly interactive two-workshop program based on the methodology and philosophy for career success made popular by Dave Evans and Bill Burnett of Stanford University in their book Designing Your Life. You will come away with tools to
Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography and Social Thought Presents a Discussion with Alexander Galloway on His Paper “Jodi’s Infrastructure”
GIDEST Seminar Alexander Galloway JODI’S INFRASTRUCTURE Friday, February 16, 12-1:30pm Please join Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography and Social Thoughtin the GIDEST Lab, room 411, 63 Fifth Avenue, at 12pm on Friday, February 16, for a discussion with Alexander Galloway, Professor of Media, Culture, and Communication at NYU, on his paper “Jodi’s Infrastructure.” Seminar participants are
On Tuesday February 13th from 4pm-5:30pm, the University Learning Center will be offering the workshop Excel at Excel: Part 1. For Part 1, students will go over basic functions and operations of the Excel program (including inputting, calculating, formatting, and analyzing content). Students are strongly encouraged to bring
On Wednesday January 24th from 1pm-2:30pm, the University Learning Center will be offering their first workshop of the spring semester: Time Management. This workshop will provide practical strategies to help students better plan and budget their time, avoid procrastination, and feel more in control of their work.
Decolonizing Water Spring 2018 theme, will be hosting the event entitled Decolonial Knowleges. In this event participants will have the chance to hear from Professor Jasbir K. Puar (Rutgers) and Professor Macarena Gómez-Barris (Pratt). This event will take place on Thursday, January 25 from 5PM to 6:30PM at the Alumni Reading
alumni Art call for entries call for papers CFE class Conference conferences creative opportunities creative opportunity documentary event events events around town events at the new school faculty fellowship festival film film festival Films Grant internship internships job job opportunities job opportunity lecture media news new school paid publication published research screening shannon mattern student film student resources Submissions theory Transmedia university announcement volunteer workshop
Vivekananda Kendra Vidyalaya, Silchar working on Five fold development of the children as envisaged by Swami Vivekananda.
On 29th May 2015 Smt. Smriti Zubin Irani, the Union Minister of Human Resource Development, Govt. of India visited Vivekananda Kendra Vidyalaya, Ramnagar, Silchar at 11:40am. Along with her Sri Kabindra Purkayastha, Former Union Minister, Sri Dilip Paul MLA of Silchar constituency and Sri Kaushik Rai, District President of BJP, Cachar, Assam accompanied her. She was welcomed by the family of Vivekananda Kendra, Silchar and Vivekananda Kendra Vidyalaya, Ramnagar, Silchar. She first offered flowers to the statue of Swami Vivekananda. She inaugurated the new block (Phase I) of the school building.
She also had a short and sweet interaction with the students where she asked ‘who is a good citizen?’ She appreciated the students and said that who can sing “Bharat -Vande Mataram” can have patriotic feelings for the country. Even the teachers were appreciated by her for guiding the students in right direction, who promise the hope for holding out a better citizen of the country.
Hillview Executive Park located at 830 Hillview Court offers tenants 1,924 SF for rent in Milpitas. This Class A listing is great for small firms seeking upscale space.
For additional information about Hillview Executive Park or any other office listings in Milpitas, contact us for your free property report today by filling out our quick contact form. Our detailed report provides floor plans, potential incentives and facts about the listing and we can include additional properties that fit your operational requirements. If you would like to browse additional listings visit our Milpitas office space page to see the current market inventory.
Our company has assisted numerous businessessecure office space for rent throughout the Silicon Valley Area. From San Francisco to San Mateo our tenant representatives work with companies ranging from small businesses to international businesses and our comprehensive commercial real estate services are provided at no cost to our clients. We assist South Bay businesses at every step of the commercial leasing process from initial property selection to arranging tours and negotiating a competitive lease with landlord concessions. In addition to those commercial services our South Bay office specialists provide complimentary space planning and lease analysis to ensure you utilize space wisely and aren't losing money with unfavorable lease provisions. Over the duration of a lease, our complimentary tenant representation services can save thousands if not more by securing free rent, reduced lease rates, generous TI allowances and other considerations. Fill out our easy contact form and get your free property report today.
hermes replica The free play is valid for new customers only.2. Entrants must be over 18s and UK residents only.3. The free play is valid for the competition from March 19, 2018 and closes Hermes Replica Handbags at 11.30am on April 16, 2018 with judging on April 16, 2018.. The film’s asset is penultimate portions which is just replica of the original movie. Rest of the writing is not good.Neevevaro is a thriller but the big reveal can be perfect hermes replica guessed. After excruciatingly dull first half, the final moments make it watchable. hermes replica
perfect hermes replica The scrubs today are no more limited to those boring white colored lab coats and face masks. They are available in a wide range of colors, prints and https://www.likehandbagsforsale.com cuts. Scrubs Los Angeles provides a wide range of scrubs products in different colors, prints and designs. perfect hermes replica
hermes belt replica uk On his introduction to fashionMy introduction to fashion outside of my mother and her ambition for us to dress in the latest style, despite being on hermes belt replica aaa a budget of having six children was through two sources; Hermes Bags Replica Barbie and television, Replica Hermes specifically The Love Boat. It was a typical night at the Dixon household; Mom and Dad going out, and I was allowed to stay up to watch both The Love Boat, and Fantasy Island. On this particular one episode, Halston, Geoffrey Beene, Gloria Vanderbilt, and Bob Mackie were all playing themselves and showcasing their collections on the show. hermes belt replica uk
birkin bag replica The function was presided by the Union Heavy Industries Minister, Praful Patel. Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said, «The unveiling of the postage stamp on Eklavya is a matter of pride for all. Areas like Gadchiroli, Chandrapur, Nagpur have a large number of fishing community living. birkin bag replica
hermes replica bags Skipper Virat Kohli turned to Ashwin as both openers were among the seven left handers in the England line up. And he got Alastair high quality Replica Hermes Cook with a peach of a delivery in his second over ninth of Hermes Birkin Replica the innings. The dip and length beat England leading run getter who was beaten playing forward to be high quality hermes birkin replica bowled.. hermes replica bags
hermes belt replica If you really want to build muscle fast Fake Hermes Bags at home, it is possible. But you need to get serious about changing your diet. For starters, you want to find a good protein powder. When the 1960s moved in, almost all of the styles from the late 1950s still continued on, however due to the rise of British pop culture in United States and other regions of the world, fashion started to high quality hermes replica change. A new kind of Hermes Replica dress called the miniskirt, miniature dresses, started to become popular and mod style fashions also emerged. Frizzy hair became stylish as the hair replica hermes belt uk was styled bigger and higher by using quality hairsprays. hermes belt replica
high quality replica bags Grinning Justin Bieber sports bizarre outfit and super shaggy hair as he steps out for coffee after crashing his carThe Canadian singing star was spotted crashing his Mercedes Benz G Wagon in LA This Site on Hermes Belt Replica Friday nightGet celebs Replica Hermes Bags updates directly to your inboxSubscribeSee best hermes replica handbags our privacy fake hermes belt vs real noticeThank you for subscribingSee our privacy noticeCould not subscribe, try again laterInvalid EmailJustin Bieber looked extremely happy when he popped out for coffee today despite having been in a car crash just hours before.The Sorry hitmaker stepped out in a rather bizarre outfit to pick up an iced coffee after crashing his car in LA last night.Justin, Hermes Handbags 24, was captured cheap hermes belt on camera getting Hermes Handbags Replica into an accident whilst driving his Mercedes Benz G Wagon.He’d been leaving the studio after a recording session fake hermes belt women’s when he rear ended a white Range Rover.But today, he appeared to not have a care in the world.Fans capture the shocking moment Justin Bieber crashes his Mercedes Benz G Wagon in LA(Image: Splash News)The Canadian star, who recently split from Selena Gomez months after they rekindled their romance, was spotted at a Coffee Bean in West Hollywood in a bright red and yellow shell suit.His shaggy blond hair stuck out from underneath his baseball cap and he was grinning from ear to ear as he held his iced coffee in one hand and a wad of cash in the other.Justin drove his turquoise Lamborghini Aventador to the popular WeHo spot.He looked pleased as punch with his unusual Replica Hermes uk look, and seemed glad to be attracting attention with his eye catchingly bright outfit.Justin looked to be having a good day Replica Hermes Birkin following his accident, which was captured on camera by a fan.Twitter user Maisey Mcginnis posted the video with the caption: «just watched Justin Bieber get into a car crash. This is the epitome of living in LA.TMZ reported that the crash happened around 9pm on Sunset Boulevard. Their sources claim Hermes Kelly Replica an OnStar system for one of the cars alerted law enforcement to the Hermes Replica Bags crash.Why Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez split just months after rekindling romance and it has ‘nothing to do with Selena’s mum’The site reports that whilst Justin and the other driver exchanged information, no one was hurt and no police report was filed.It’s not the first Hermes Replica Belt time Justin has been involved in a car accident.Last year, he accidentally ran into a photographer who was trying to get a picture of him leaving church.. high quality replica bags
the best replica bags It’s necessary to clean your house after a case of head lice to prevent a second infestation. Head lice can get into bedding, furniture, carpets, toys, hair brushes and other household items. Use these easy steps to clean your house after a case of head lice and keep them away for good.. the best replica bags
high quality replica hermes belt During the first six months in a marriage, (honeymoon phase), some serious problems may occur. Reality sets hermes birkin bag replica cheap in however, due to different opinions, financial well being, undetected secret habits, and boredom. By the 12th 36th month in the marriage, the couple may have been faced with challenges like finances, child bearing or sexual problems and these may complicate the the adjustment process high quality replica hermes belt.
One way to get your husband to love you again is to start dating each other. Setting a weekly date night gives you the…
Women Over 50 website for women over 50. Welcome! . Hi Ladies! I am so glad you decided to stop by for a visit to the to chill and. Many senior dating are releasing apps, so you can easily make the switch to the app. And Men here are sincere and very sincere in meeting people locally or. I promise if you do this on every date versus creating a fairy tale based on high-value qualities, dating will...
Legends and folk stories are also used to explain sheer beauty. There is a legend that suggests that Empress Catherine II wanted to be the most beautiful in the country, and in order to get rid of (competitors), she banished all beautiful far away areas. On the other hand some marry foreigners face difficulties. Otherwise they will never approve of your marriage. In spite of such qualities there...
What were you using as the ""? That was nice. 2 years ago. And also:, filipino, milf pov, assjob, double penetration, creampie, lot lizard, dildo, mompov, milf redhead, amatuer ladyboy, pov, milking, funny, hooker fucked in car, amatuer. College lesbians partys, oil group, 7 lesbian oil, college party. Best. Anal lube anal lube. Watch new porn tube movies for FREE! Newest video: Mike slathers her...
This article was originally published in Aquarien Terrarien, vol. 18 no. 7, June 1971, pp. 226 - 229. All pics are taken by the W. Armbust. Thank you Mrs. Armbrust for kind permission.
Zoning ordinances and maps are a matter of public record. Visit your local zoning office, city hall, or some other local planning board and get a copy of your local ordinance.
In some areas, if you have a legal description of the property (name, address, tax map, and parcel number), you can call the zoning office or city hall, or even e-mail your request for information.
Building codes set minimum public-safety standards for such things as building design, construction, use and occupancy, and maintenance. The codes are established and enforced by local politicians and government officials, who also tend to modify them constantly. The codes are usually enforced by denying permits, occupancy certificates, and by imposing fines.
While codes vary from one state, county, city, and town to the next, specialized codes generally exist for plumbing, electricity, and fire. Each usually involves separate inspections and inspectors.
There are building codes for most remodeling jobs. So if you have done significant remodeling, make sure you save proof of the permits involved in the project. There is a good chance potential buyers may request them. Failure to obtain the appropriate permits before you undertake a project could later result in fines or other serious consequences, such as having a structure ordered to be torn down because it was constructed improperly.
To save both time and money, some people avoid getting building permits. But most cities require them. Besides ensuring safety during construction – housing inspectors sometimes stop by to check on the progress of projects at key points – they are also a source of revenue.
Cities charge a fee when a building permit is issued. Also, work done with a building permit can result in an increase in the homeowners’ property taxes because, in general, a home improvement increases the assessed value of the property.
Permits are usually required when any structural work is planned or the basic living space of a home is altered. They generally cover new construction, repairs, alterations, demolition, and additions to a structure. Some jurisdictions require the permit to be posted in a visible spot on the premises while the work is being done.
Besides structural changes, permits also may be needed to cover the installation of foundations for tanks and equipment, as well as the construction or demolition of ducts, sprinkler systems, or standpipe systems.
By law, all buildings must have a building permit and a certificate of occupancy before they can be used.
Zoning is the government’s way of controlling the physical development of land and the kinds of uses to which each individual property may be put.
Zoning regulations establish how the land can be used, either for residential, industrial, commercial, or recreational purposes – although they also can allow for more than one use in a given jurisdiction.
Designed to protect you, your neighbors, and the community from undesirable, or inappropriate, land uses and/or construction, zoning laws in many communities can be very rigid and inflexible.
On the other hand, they can protect your property value and give you a piece of mind. This is particularly true in instances where the community debates whether to locate a prison in your neighborhood or a neighbor illegally builds a second story onto his home that blocks your view of the lake or mountains.
It is a request made to your local jurisdiction to deviate from current zoning requirements. If granted, a variance will allow you to use your land in a way that is normally not permitted by the zoning ordinance.
However, do not view a variance as something that changes the zoning law because it does not. Rather it waives a certain requirement of the zoning ordinance. For example, it may allow the owner of an odd-shaped lot to reduce slightly the setback requirements in order to accommodate a building, or permit the building of a gazebo in the back yard.
Home improvement professionals vary. Who you hire also will depend largely on the size and complexity of your project. What follows is a brief description of the different contractors who do work for homeowners:
General contractors – they manage all facets of the project, including hiring and supervising subcontractors, obtaining building permits, scheduling inspections, and working with architects and designers.
Specialty contractors – these are the folks who install products, such as cabinets, bathroom fixtures, and bookshelves.
Design/build contractors – they offer one-stop service and will see your project through from start to finish.
Chances are you will have to pay the going rate for contractors in your area. Architects or designers will typically cost 12 to 20 percent more.
But remember you will want a home improvement that is done right the first time. That said, there are still ways you can save if you do decide to work with a contractor:
Compare payment alternatives – flat vs. hourly rates, for example – and negotiate the more reasonable of the two.
According to the Federal Trade Commission, there are several ways to spot less than reputable contractors because these hucksters tend to do the following:
Suggest that you borrow money from a lender the contractor knows, which could make you the target of a home improvement loan scam – a sure way to lose your home.
Use caution. Your home is your most valuable financial asset. You will want someone who completes the job, not botch it up. It is important that you find a competent and reliable contractor who will successfully complete your home improvement project.
Contact local trade organizations, such as the local Builder Association or Remodelers Council, for the names of members in your area.
Deal only with licensed contractors. The state licensing board and local Better Business Bureau also can tell you if there are any outstanding complaints against the license holder.
Interview each contractor, request free estimates, if possible, and ask for recent references. Make sure bids are based on similar project specifications. And do not automatically settle for the lowest bid.
Ask for proof of worker's compensation insurance and get policy and insurance company phone numbers so you can verify the information. If the contractor is not covered, you could be liable for any work-related injury that takes place during the project. Also check to make sure the contractor has an umbrella general liability policy.
If you are displeased with the results for obvious reasons, keep after the contractor to make the needed repairs. When that fails, contact your local consumer protection agency. Make sure you have a copy of the contract, receipts showing payments, and photographs of the work.
Although it has no legal authority, you also may want to contact the Better Business Bureau, as well as your state’s Contractor License Board. And you can take the contractor to Small Claims Court to recover amounts usually under $2,000.
Title 1 Home Improvement Loan. HUD insures the loan up to $25,000 for a single-family home and lenders make loans for basic livability improvements – such as additions and new roofs – to eligible borrowers.
Section 203(k) Program. HUD helps finance the major rehabilitation and repair of one- to four-family residential properties, excluding condos. Owner-occupants may use a combination loan to purchase a fixer-upper "as is" and rehabilitate it, or refinance a property plus include in the loan the cost of making the improvements. They also may use the loan solely to finance the rehabilitation.
VA loans. Veterans can get loans from the Department of Veterans Affairs to buy, build, or improve a home, as well as refinance an existing loan at interest rates that are usually lower than that on conventional loans.
Rural Housing Repair and Rehabilitation Loans. Funded by the Agriculture Department, these low-rate loans are available to low-income rural residents who own and occupy a home in need of repairs. Funds are available to improve or modernize a home or to remove health and safety hazards.
According to the Millennial Housing Commission, few lenders are willing to administer home improvement loans. Most prefer to make home equity loans or unsecured consumer loans because they are easier to manage. Home improvement loans usually require inspections and irregular draws on the loan amount as work is completed, which requires regional or national lenders to find local partners to provide oversight.
Financing repairs and improvements with home equity is okay for most homeowners, but it is difficult for many first-time buyers. They have lower-incomes, smaller savings, and have made lower down payments on their homes than first-time buyers a decade ago. So they have little equity to borrow against. Unfortunately, it is often lower cost older homes purchased by first-time buyers that need the most work.
Unless you have a cash reserve, you will have to shop around for the best borrowing terms. In addition to the options listed above, you can ask relatives for a loan. Borrow against your whole life insurance policy. Refinance your existing mortgage and take out cash. Get a second mortgage. Contact the government about home improvement programs. And – as a last resort – borrow from a finance agency, which generally charge high rates.
The interest rates on these loans are often higher than on secured loans and you generally will not be able to get a tax deduction for the interest paid. However, the costs to obtain an unsecured loan are usually lower. And the relative ease of getting this type of loan makes it popular for small projects costing $10,000 or less. The lender evaluates applications based on credit history and income.
With a refinancing, you pay off an old loan on your home and take out a new one, usually at a lower mortgage interest rate. To refinance, you will generally need to have equity in your home, a good credit rating, and steady income. You can borrow a percentage of the equity to cover remodeling costs, debt consolidate, and college tuition.
When you refinance, you will incur all the closing costs that go along with getting a new mortgage. So unless you're doing extensive renovations and can get a mortgage interest rate at least two points below your current loan rate, you may want to select another financing option.
A home equity loan, like a second mortgage, lets you tap up to about 80 percent of the appraised value of your home, minus your current mortgage balance. But because it is set up as a line of credit, you will not be charged interest until you actually make a withdrawal against the loan, although you will be responsible for paying closing costs.
The withdrawals can be made gradually as you begin to pay contractors and suppliers for handling your remodeling project.
The interest rates on these loans are usually variable. Of particular importance: make sure you understand the terms of the loan. If, for example, your loan requires that you pay interest only for the life of the loan, you will have to pay back the full amount borrowed at the end of the loan period or risk losing your home.
It is a loan against the equity in your home. Financial institutions will generally let you borrow up to 80 percent of the appraised value of your home, minus the balance on your original mortgage.
You may incur all the fees normally associated with a mortgage, including closing costs, title insurance and processing fees.
Just about every state now offers loans for renovation and rehabilitation at below-market interest rates through its Housing Finance Agency or a similar agency. Call your governor’s office to get the name and phone number of the agency in your area.
At the municipal level, many cities also have programs for special improvements to certain blocks and neighborhoods they are trying to spruce up. Call City Hall, as well as a Community Development Agency in your city.
Check with your state. It may provide special protection through the filing of a homestead exemption, which exempts some or all of the value of your equity in the homestead – or home that you live in and the land on which it sits – from claims of unsecured creditors.
Whether to file a homestead exemption will depend on your situation. Contact your county recorder's office for details.
Talk with your lender immediately. The lender may be able to arrange a repayment plan or the temporary reduction or suspension of your payment, particularly if your income has dropped substantially or expenses have shot up beyond your control.
You also may be able to refinance the debt or extend the term of your mortgage loan. In almost every case, you will likely be able to work out some kind of deal that will avert foreclosure.
If you have mortgage insurance, the insurer may also be interested in helping you. The company can temporarily pay the mortgage until you get back on your feet and are able to repay their “loan.”
If your money problems are long term, the lender may suggest that you sell the property, which will allow you to avoid foreclosure and protect your credit record.
As a last resort, you could consider a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. This is where you voluntarily “give back” your property to the lender. While this will not save your house, it is not as damaging to your credit rating as a foreclosure
Usually after the borrower has missed three consecutive mortgage payments. The lender will record a notice of default against the property. And unless the debt is satisfied, the lender will foreclose on the mortgage and proceed to set up a trustee sale, where the property is sold to the highest bidder.
It can happen. But a lot will depend on your circumstances and the mortgage interest rate you are willing to pay. Generally, most lenders will consider your request for a home loan two to four years after your foreclosure. Predatory lenders will issue a home mortgage in less time. But beware – they routinely charge high mortgage interest rates, fees, and penalties for this privilege.
A quality lender will expect you to show that you have cleaned up your credit. Providing a reasonable explanation about the circumstances that led to the foreclosure – such as exuberant medical expenses – is also helpful.
It depends on the complexity of the project and your ability to do the job well yourself. Really consider whether you have the time, skills, tools, help, and legal knowledge of local regulations to get the job done. While you could save up to an estimated 20% of the project cost doing the work yourself – there are plenty of how-to books and workshops offered by home improvement stores to guide you – be aware that you could also end up spending more money and time if you botch the job or unforeseen problems arise. Think, too, about resale value. If the quality of your work is less than professional, your home’s value could drop. So, unless you’re highly skilled or experienced, shy away from major home improvements that involve structural changes. Stick to building shelves, painting, and other minor improvements instead.
It does not hurt to have a situation where the architect and contractor already have an existing working relationship. In fact, such an association could benefit a project by ensuring the smooth integration between the design and implementation. In a residential project, there is sometimes a triangle of tension between the architect, the contractor and the homeowner in terms of finger pointing and assigning blame. There is greater coordination of efforts, and generally less stress, with a design/build firm where the architects and contractors are accustomed to working together and are knowledgeable about construction costs and can fit design plans and specifications to your budget.
Beyond having the architect create the design and the contractor implement it, both professionals have additional responsibilities. The contractor is responsible for pricing the project and ensuring that it is completed in a timely fashion. The architect is responsible for getting the construction drawing completed with proper specifications and architectural detail. Since many jurisdictions require architectural drawings to be reviewed to ensure the plans sufficiently meet local codes, the architect may also be responsible for applying for and securing the permits. Make sure that everyone, you included, understand who is responsible for what before work begins in your home.
Your personal needs, preferences and finances are all factors. If you’ve lived in your home awhile and prefer to stay in your school district or neighborhood, improving your existing space may work best for you. If a second bathroom is what you desire, it may also be cheaper to convert existing space than to relocate to another home. According to the American Homeowner Foundation, you can expect to spend 8-10% of your current home’s value when you move. Ask yourself if that money could be better spent on a remodeling project instead. Chances are you’d increase your home’s value, derive more pleasure from your home than you did previously, and save yourself the time, expense and headache of a move.
They vary depending on the size and scope of your job. General contractors are companies or individuals who contract with you to manage all aspects of the project, including hiring and supervising subcontractors, obtaining building permits, and supplying materials and labor equipment needed to do the project. Specialty contractors, on the other hand, are mainly concerned with installing products, such as cabinets and fixtures. Architects design homes, additions, and major renovations. And design/build contractors basically offer one-stop service, providing design and construction services and overseeing a project from start to finish.
Opinions vary about which professional to call first. Some say the architect comes first because “you have to design it before you can build it.” The architect, who is trained to resolve problems creatively, can help define the project in ways that provide meaningful guidance for the design. The architect can also do site studies, help secure planning and zoning approvals, and perform a variety of other pre-design tasks. On the other hand, a contractor will be the one you interact with on a regular basis and the person who will likely be in your home every day, possibly for an extended period depending on the scope of your work. Many contractors have in-house design services, or design/build firms, and can possibly offer better price and integration between design and implementation. Others may have several architects with whom they work directly, which could also provide a smooth integration between design and implementation.
The most comprehensive insurance policy is guaranteed replacement cost coverage, which will pay to rebuild your home even if the cost to rebuild is more than your policy limit.
This kind of coverage is more expensive and can cost from about $400 to $1,000 a year or more, depending on the area and the price of the home. However, even if you can afford it, this insurance is not available everywhere or for every property. For example, older homes may not be eligible. And some big insurance companies have begun to limit the amount they will pay to 120 percent of the policy's face value.
A standard policy protects against several natural disasters and catastrophic events, and covers your personal belongings. But it will not guard against earthquakes, floods, war, and nuclear accidents. The policy can be expanded to include these disasters as well as coverage for such things as workers' compensation. In fact, the lender may require that you purchase flood or earthquake insurance if the house is in a flood zone or a region susceptible to earthquakes.
Expect to spend one percent of the purchase price of your home every year to handle a myriad of tasks, including painting, tree trimming, repairing gutters, caulking windows, and routine system repairs and maintenance.
An older home will usually require more maintenance, although a lot will depend on how well it has been maintained over the years.
Tell yourself that the upkeep of your home is mandatory, and budget accordingly. Otherwise, your home’s value will suffer if you allow it to fall into a state of disrepair. Remember, there is usually a direct link between a property’s condition and its market value: The better its condition, the more a buyer will likely pay for it down the road.
Also, adopt the attitude that the cost of good home maintenance is usually minor compared to what it will cost to remedy a situation that you allowed to get out of hand. For example, unclogging and sealing gutters may cost a few hundred dollars. But repairing damage to a corner of your home where gutters have leaked can potentially cost several thousands dollars.
From the day you move in to the day you sell your home, there will always be something that will need to be repaired or remodeled. You may want to undertake some changes simply to elevate your comfort level – like installing central air conditioning – or spruce up the home’s aesthetics, such as adding a few stained-glass windows.
But other work will need to be done to maintain the property and minimize problems later on. For example, replacing a hazardous roof, fixing broken windows, and repairing leaky pipes. These are all necessities. Left undone, they can lead to major problems and damages within the home.
If you decide one day to sell, other improvements will likely be made to increase the home’s value and appeal to potential buyers.
From the very beginning, get in the habit of taking an inventory at least once every year of every nook and cranny of your home to check for potential problems. Examine the roof, foundation, plumbing, electrical wiring – basically everything. Try to fix trouble spots as soon as you uncover them. This proactive approach will help you avoid larger expenses later on, so leave no stone unturned when taking your inventory.
Problems with your chimney, mechanical devices on your heating appliance, and pressure within the home can all cause combustion spillage, the unwanted flow of combustion gases into your home. Present in these gases are toxic elements such as carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen oxides.
The best way to prevent spillage is to hire a professional – preferably one who specializes in building inspection, indoor air quality, ducting, chimneys and heating equipment – to do a yearly maintenance check of all your combustion appliances. These appliances include a gas-fired furnace, boiler, or water heater, an oil-fired furnace, boiler, or water heater, and a fireplace.
The service professional can check for heat exchanger leakage, evidence of start up spillage, and condensation in the chimney. Maintenance normally includes a tune-up, or in the case of a chimney, clearing it of debris and fixing cracks on the inside wall.
Get in the habit of taking an annual inventory of every single space in your home to check for potential problems. Examine the roof, foundation, plumbing, electrical wiring – basically everything. Try to fix trouble spots as soon as you uncover them. This proactive approach will help you avoid major repairs to your home later.
Yes, at least for a limited time. You can get federal tax credit of 30% of cost up to $1,500 for the purchase of qualified products. Look for the ENERGY STAR label. The Department of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency developed the designation for products meeting certain performance criteria. The tax credit is good for purchases made in 2009 or by December 31st, 2010, but does not include installation costs. Click here for more information on home improvements that qualify for federal tax credits..
Depending on how your contract is written with the home improvement professional, either you or the contractor will be responsible for securing government approval to perform most remodeling jobs. Building codes set minimum public-safety standards for such things as building design and construction. Codes vary from one state, county, city, and town to the next, but specialized codes generally exist for plumbing, electricity, and fire. Each usually involves separate inspections and inspectors. In addition, permits are generally required when any structural work is planned or the basic living space of a home is altered. They generally cover new construction, repairs, alterations, demolition, and additions to a structure. Some jurisdictions require permits to be posted in a visible spot on the premises while the work is being done. Besides structural changes, permits also may be needed to cover the installation of foundations for tanks and equipment, as well as the construction or demolition of ducts, sprinkler systems, or standpipe systems.
Yes. Two very popular programs offered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) include the Title 1 Home Improvement Loan and the Section 203(k) Program. In the first program, HUD insures the loan up to $25,000 for a single-family house to cover alterations, repairs, and site improvements. The latter program, which also insures mortgage loans, is HUD’s primary program for the rehabilitation and repair of single-family homes. Loans are also available from the Department of Veteran Affairs to buy, build, or improve a home, as well as refinance an existing loan at interest rates that are usually lower than that on conventional loans. The Rural Housing Repair and Rehabilitation Loan program, funded by the Agriculture Department, offers low-rate loans to low-income rural residents who own and occupy a home in need of repairs. Funds are also available to improve or modernize a home or to remove health and safety hazards. The federal government isn’t alone in its efforts to provide assistance. Local and state governments offer special home improvement programs. Contact your governor or mayor’s office for more details.
There are many ways to finance a remodeling project. If you have equity in your home, a good credit rating, and steady income, you can refinance your mortgage and borrow a percentage of the equity to cover remodeling costs. Refinancing is a good option if you can get a mortgage interest rate at least two percentage points below your current home loan rate. Other options include a second mortgage, a home equity loan, or an unsecured loan. Less popular options: margin loans, which are taken against securities you own, and loans from retirement plans, life insurance policies and credit cards.
Begin by focusing on those small cracks and crevices around doors and windows. According to Lowe’s, a 1/8” space between a standard exterior door and its threshold is equivalent to a two square inch hole in the wall. Close those gaps to save up to 15% in heating and cooling costs and also reduce the demand on your heating and cooling system. Other energy efficient steps: lower your water heater’s thermostat setting; blanket or insulate the water heater to reduce the amount of heat lost by the unit, particularly if it is located in an unheated area; insulate water pipes, at least the hot water pipes to prevent heat lost that can cause your water heater to work harder; change furnace filters to prevent reduced airflow through the heating/cooling system and overheating that can lead to premature compressor damage in the A/C systems; and install water-saving shower heads.
The Small Business Administration (SBA) not only assists businesses after a natural disaster, civil disturbance, fires and other catastrophes, it also provides disaster loans to individuals – including homeowners and renters. The loans, which cover uninsured or underinsured losses – are issued after the President or SBA Administrator signs a disaster declaration. Homeowners can then apply for loans up to $200,000 to assist with the repair or replacement of their primary residences and receive loans up to $40,000 for personal property losses. The low-interest loans have terms up to 30 years. To begin the process, applicants must register first with the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to obtain a FEMA Registration ID number.
One percent of the purchase price of your home every year to cover everything from painting to repairing gutters to caulking windows and maintaining routine system repairs and maintenance. An older home may require more maintenance, although much will depend on how well it has been maintained over the years. Take the upkeep seriously, and budget accordingly. Otherwise, your home’s value could suffer if you allow it to fall into a state of disrepair. Remember, too, that the cost of good home maintenance is usually minor compared to what it will cost to remedy a situation that you allowed to get progressively worse. For example, unclogging and sealing gutters may cost a few hundred dollars. But repairing damage to a corner of your home where gutters have leaked can potentially cost several thousand dollars.
That space may be as close as the next room, particularly if there is unused or under utilized areas in your home. A garage, attic, side porch, large closet, or basement can all be converted to fit the use you have in mind. Or, maybe, a small area can be carved from a larger area like a kitchen or living room to create, say, a powder room. This concept of “stealing” space from a neighboring room is called space reconfiguration and it is much cheaper than a major remodeling job.
Yes, but only after you have sold your home. According to the IRS, home improvements add to the basis, or value, of your home. A tax-acceptable improvement is defined as one that adds value to your home, "considerably" prolongs your home's useful life, or adapts your house to new uses. Examples include installing new plumbing or wiring or adding a bathroom. If the work done on the home is purely for maintenance, the cost cannot be deducted and generally cannot be added to the basis, or value, of your home. However, repairs done as part of an extensive remodeling or restoration of your home are considered improvements and therefore pass the deductible test.
Rather than price specific products or materials, many contractors prefer to use product allowances, an amount included in the contract to be used toward the purchase of these products and materials as they are selected by the consumer. Typical categories where allowances might be used include flooring, cabinets, and lighting fixtures. It does not hurt to have a situation where the architect and contractor already have an existing working relationship. In fact, such an association could benefit a project by ensuring the smooth integration between the design and implementation. In a residential project, there is sometimes a triangle of tension between the architect, the contractor and the homeowner in terms of finger pointing and assigning blame. There is greater coordination of efforts, and generally less stress, with a design/build firm where the architects and contractors are accustomed to working together and are knowledgeable about construction costs and can fit design plans and specifications to your budget.
Allowances allow homeowners more time to finalize exact selections as the project progresses, and they can simplify the cost control process. The disadvantage, however, is that the cost of final selections can easily exceed the amount of money allowed, resulting in significant extra charges to the homeowner. Shop for each allowance category before you finalize the allowance amounts provided in the contract. This way, you can budget for additional funds or adjust allowances to better reflect the actual monies required.
There are many, including those surrounding zoning, permits, variances, and building codes. All of these regulations are the government’s way of controlling the physical development of land and public-safety standards for such things as building design, construction, alteration, repair or demolition. The regulations vary from one state, county, city, and town to the next and can result in fines or serious consequences. There are also often engineering approvals and requirements related to grading, site drainage, utility connections, wells and septics, and sometimes fire regulations. Another area of legal considerations involves contractual issues tied to responsibilities for permits and approvals, code and regulations compliance, insurance, financing, and warranties. If construction financing is to be provided by a lender, there will often be requirements relative to progress inspections, construction draws, lien waivers, title insurance, holdbacks, etc. It may be worthwhile to hire an attorney to provide guidance on these issues and to assure the completeness and fairness of the remodeling contract.
Experts agree that any remodeling project that brings your home up to the level of your neighbors’ is a worthy investment. However, some improvements offer a greater return than others. It depends on the type of work you have done. Remodeling magazine publishes an annual “Cost vs. Value Report.” The most recent report, based on the top 16 home improvements for a mid-range home, says the highest remodeling paybacks have come from vinyl siding replacement (with 87.2% of the cost recouped), wood window replacement (85.3%), minor kitchen remodeling (85.2%), bathroom remodeling (84.9%), and vinyl window replacement (83.7%).
Plan ahead. Since your home will become a worksite once the remodeling begins, inconveniences will arise that can be minimized with a little planning. Begin by having a frank discussion with the contractor to set guidelines and develop a clear understanding upfront about the various project stages and the processes involved. Talk, for example, about where building materials will be stored, how to best protect your belongings from dust and debris, areas of your home that will be off limits to workers and whether you will need to vacate the home for any reason over the duration of the work. If a kitchen or bath will be out of commission, plan accordingly. It’s okay to move the refrigerator, microwave and toaster oven to the basement or another designated area where you can prepare meals to avoid eating out. Equally important are the rules that dictate how workers can conduct themselves in your home. Will they be able to use your bathroom and the telephone? Will they be prohibited from smoking, playing their radios or using profanity? Finally, remember to preserve a safe haven in your home where you can flee the chaos and dust and attempt to maintain your sanity.
A variance is a request made to your local jurisdiction to deviate from current zoning requirements. If granted, a variance will allow you to use your land in a way that is normally not permitted by the zoning ordinance because it waives a certain requirement of the zoning ordinance. For example, it may allow the owner of an odd-shaped lot to reduce slightly the setback requirements in order to accommodate a building, or permit the building of a gazebo in the backyard.
Universal design is an approach to design that focuses on making all products and environments as usable as possible by as many people as possible regardless of age, physical ability, or situation. In recent years, the housing industry has recognized the importance of a "universal" approach to residential design that modifies standard building elements to improve a home's accessibility and usability. This allows for more equitable, flexible and simple use. Many books exist on the subject, including Residential Remodeling and Universal Design: Making Homes More Comfortable and Accessible, a resource guide offered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). HUD’s guide provides technical guidance on selecting and installing universal features during home remodeling or renovation. The modifications can range from expanding doorway dimensions to replacing kitchen appliances. The guide emphasizes eliminating unintentional barriers and using designs and features that could benefit people with a broad range of needs.
According to the AARP, older homeowners prefer to age in place, meaning they want to live in their homes safely, independently and comfortably, despite age or ability level. To do so, many require a few modifications in the home to enhance maneuverability, including the installation of a private elevator and the addition of a bathroom and bedroom to the main level. A Certified Aging-in-Place Specialist (CAPS) may prove helpful. CAPS professionals are remodelers, general contractors, designers, architects, and health care consultants who are trained in the unique needs of the elderly, Aging-in-place home modifications, common remodeling projects, and solutions to common barriers. The National Association of Home Builders (NAHB), together with the NAHB Research Center, NAHB Seniors Housing Council, and AARP, developed the CAPS program to address the growing number of consumers who will soon require modifications to their homes.
It is tempting to discard existing appliances when you build new cabinets around them. Rethink the idea. If the appliances are workable, keep them – and save yourself from $1,000 to $5,000, according to the National Association of the Remodeling Industry. Also keep the present location of major fixtures, appliances and utilities relative to the plumbing, gas and electrical outlets. Rearranging plumbing, wiring and jacks can be very expensive. Refacing existing cabinets can reduce the cost of your kitchen remodel considerably and eliminate the need for new flooring, countertops and appliances. If you must get new cabinets, options such as spice racks and slide out wire baskets can be added later. Also, install cabinets without soffits to decrease labor cost; and avoid trim moldings, or use a simple trim. If you must have a new wood trim to match the new cabinets, order pre-finished trim to decrease labor cost; avoid having the painting or staining done on-site. Other helpful tips: choose neutral colors for fixtures, appliances and laminates and avoid the need for a new floor by sanding and refinishing a hardwood floor that may be underneath the existing vinyl flooring.
Don’t jump too quickly to discard reusable fixtures. If your tub is in relatively good shape, consider having it re-glazed instead of replaced, according to the National Association of the Remodeling Industry. As for the walls around the tub, cultured marble sheets are cheaper to install than marble tiles and also easier to clean. Fiberglass is also less expensive than tile. If space is extremely limited and you cannot “steal” it from other areas of your home, purchase a jetted tub and shower combination or install a pedestal lavatory instead of a vanity cabinet with a sink. Remember, installing a large jetted tub can overtax your water heater, so consider adding a water heater that is dedicated to the tub to prevent problems later.
A mechanic’s lien is a “hold” against your property that provides contractors and suppliers legal recourse to assure payment for services. The liens vary from state to state and allow for a cloud on the title of your property and foreclosure action. Also, if you paid the contractor, but he failed to pay the subcontractors and laborers – who do not have a contract with you – then the workers may file a mechanic's lien on your home. This could result in a double payment by you for the same job. You can protect yourself from unwarranted liens by selecting your contractor carefully and managing your construction project responsibly. Also, most construction lenders will specify a payment distribution process that involves the securing of lien waivers. The remodeling contract should address this as well, assuring that the general contractor is responsible for all payments as well as any costs required to remedy lien disputes that may arise.
Zoning regulations establish how the land can be used, either for residential, industrial, commercial, or recreational purposes, or sometimes a combination thereof. Designed to protect property owners and communities from undesirable, or inappropriate, land uses and/or construction, zoning laws can be very rigid and inflexible. On the other hand, they can protect your property value and ensure against the stationing of a mega-store right next to your home. Before you begin any remodeling job, determine how your local zoning laws might affect your project. You can visit your local zoning office, city hall, or some other local planning board to get a copy of your local ordinance and determine how you will need to seek approval for your project. Take nothing for granted; some communities even require approval to erect fences.
Yes, but not so much by refinancing. A reverse mortgage is a better, and increasingly popular, option for older Americans to convert home equity into cash. Money can then be used to cover home repairs, everyday living expenses, and medical bills.
Instead of making monthly payments to a lender, the lender makes payments to the homeowner, who continues to own the home and hold title to it.
According to the National Reverse Mortgage Lenders Association, the money given by the lender is tax-free and does not affect Social Security or Medicare benefits, although it may affect the homeowners’ eligibility for certain kinds of government assistance, including Medicaid.
Homeowners must be at least 62 and own their own homes to get a reverse mortgage. No income or medical requirements are necessary to qualify, and they may be eligible even if they still owe money on a first or second mortgage. In fact, many seniors get reverse mortgages to pay off the original loan.
Repaying a reverse mortgage is not necessary until the property is sold or the owner moves. Should the owner die before the property is sold, the estate repays the loan, plus any interest that has accrued.
You most certainly can. During the most recent refinancing boom, for example, many homeowners refinanced their home loans two or three times within relatively short periods of time because interest rates kept treading downward, making it extremely attractive to trade in one loan for another.
Just remember that refinancing is basically like applying for a mortgage all over again. Each time you refinance, you will still have to go through the application process, get a home appraisal, and likely incur closing costs. Also, if you have a pre-payment penalty clause in your present mortgage, you will have to pay that penalty if you refinance. So be certain that it is actually worth it for you to refinance.
Many people flock to refinance while mortgage interest rates are low, particularly when rates are two percentage points below their existing home loans.
Other factors, like when to finance, will depend on how long you plan to hold on to your home and whether you have to pay considerable fees to refinance. It also will depend on how far along you are in paying off your current mortgage.
If you expect to sell your home shortly, you are not likely to recoup the costs you incurred to refinance. And if you are more than halfway through paying your current mortgage, you probably will gain little by refinancing. However, if you are going to own your home for at least another five years, that is probably long enough to recoup any refinancing costs and realize real savings as a result of lowering your monthly payment.
In fact, if it costs you nothing to refinance, you can gain even more. Many lenders will let you roll the costs of the refinancing into the new note and still reduce the amount of the monthly payment. Plus, there are no-cost refinancing deals available.
The direction in which you build can make all the difference. Experts say building up is normally less expensive than building out on the ground level. Adding an expensive wing or addition requires a new foundation. It is less costly to extend plumbing and other mechanical systems upward, as opposed to installing new ones. So using the “air rights” over your house may be your best bet.
Yes. The last thing you want to do when undertaking a home improvement is go overboard. This means fixing up the home to the point where it becomes worth far more than nearby neighborhood properties.
Down the road, when you may want to sell, potential homebuyers will be reluctant to pay, say, $200,000 for your home when others are priced at $150,000. If they want to pay that kind of money, they will likely make a purchase in a neighborhood where most of the homes sell in that price range.
Carefully measure the cost of any improvements you want to make against the overall values in your neighborhood. Otherwise, you may not recover your costs or increase your property value significantly.
There are many reasons. Home remodeling can improve the appearance of your home, enhance its value, add to your quality of life, and appeal to future home buyers. According to a recent survey by the National Association of Home Builders, the top four reasons homeowners remodel is to obtain more space, avoid buying a new home, enjoy more amenities, and adjust to lifestyle changes.
Some improvements offer a greater return than others do. This will vary greatly depending on the type of work you have done. Remodeling magazine publishes an annual "Cost vs. Value Report'' that can answer this question in more detail, based on the top 15 home improvements. A recent study it conducted says the highest remodeling paybacks have come from siding and window replacements, major kitchen remodeling, bathroom and family room additions, and mid-range master bedroom suites.
How much equity is in the property? A fair amount will make it that much easier to get a loan for home improvements.
What is permissible under local zoning and building laws? Despite your deep yearning for a new sunroom or garage, you will need to know if your town or city will allow such improvements.
Thoroughly assess your space. You may find you have the room you need, particularly if there is unused or under utilized areas in your home. Perhaps a garage, attic, side porch, or basement can be converted to fit the use you have in mind. Or, maybe, a small area can be carved from a larger area like a kitchen or living room to create a powder room. These improvements are certainly cheaper than a major construction job.
A lot will depend on your time, level of expertise or willingness to handle the job, amount of help from friends or relatives, and how much you want, or need, to save by doing the job yourself. You could save up to 20 percent of the project cost through your own hard work.
There are several do-it-yourself books that offer guidance, and some home improvement stores, such as Home Depot or Lowe’s, offer classes that can be helpful getting you on the right track.
Be aware, however, that you may end up spending more time, and up to double your estimated budget, if problems arise. Also, you may have difficulty selling your home if the workmanship looks shoddy.
Unless you are very experienced, home improvement experts suggest that you stick to painting, minor landscaping, building interior shelving, and other minor improvements.
Remember, too, that you may need to deal with local agencies to get permits, inspections, variances, and certificates of occupancy.
The second home market has more ebbs and flows than the primary home market. Sales are iffy in a bad economy except, perhaps, on the high-end. That said, there is a growing trend toward the purchase of vacation homes. They are being bought for investment purposes, enjoyment, as well as retirement. In the latter instance, some people are buying with the idea of turning a vacation home into a permanent retirement haven down the road, a move that puts them ahead of the game now.
Some of the tax benefits of a second home mirror those for a primary residence. Before taking the leap, however, ask yourself if you can afford to carry two mortgages, maintain two households, and pay the extra utilities and maintenance costs. Also, learn about financing requirements and options, which can differ slightly from those on a primary residence.
Like any investment, it can be risky. Location and current market conditions are extremely important when deciding whether to buy.
If you live several miles away from your vacation home, who will clean up between tenants and take an inventory of household items once the tenants leave?
What if you are unable to rent your second home? Can your pocketbook withstand the strain of paying the mortgage?
Certified historic structures now enjoy a 20 percent investment tax credit for qualified rehabilitation expenses, if they are income producing properties. A historic structure is one listed in the National Register of Historic Places or so designated by an appropriate state or local historic district that is certified by the government. The tax code does not allow deductions for the demolition or significant alteration of a historic structure.
For more information, contact the National Trust for Historic Preservation at (202) 588-6000, or visit its website at www.nationaltrust.org.
Many states offer tax incentives, reductions and abatement programs for owners of residential historic homes. These programs are described on the National Trust’s website.
Damage, destruction, or loss of property from fires, floods, earthquakes and other disasters are deductible from both state and federal income taxes.
If destruction is caused by an event deemed a federal disaster by the president, homeowners can deduct their losses in the tax year before the event happened by filing an amended return. This helps to dramatically cut the wait for tax refund money that can immediately be used to make repairs or pay for living expenses.
Many people do, mainly because determining value can often be tricky. This is especially true in a changing market when local prices either take off dramatically or plunge precipitously, like during the Texas oil bust of the 1980s.
While it is up to a professional assessor to evaluate property value for tax purposes, property owners are usually allowed to contest their assessment until a certain date after they are made public.
Once you contest, you will have to prove why you think your property is worth less – few homeowners contest hoping to pay more taxes! The two most popular ways for determining value are an appraisal and a comparative market analysis. With an appraisal, a professional estimates the property's market value based on recent sales of comparable properties. A comparative market analysis is an informal estimate of market value performed by a real estate agent based on similar sales and property attributes. Most agents will offer free analyses to win your business.
Yes, but only after you have sold it because improvements add to the basis of your home. Your gain is defined as your home’s selling price, minus deductible closing costs, minus your basis. The basis is the original purchase price of the home, plus improvements, less any depreciation.
The IRS defines improvements as those items that “add to the value of your home, prolong its useful life, or adapt it to new uses” – such as putting in new plumbing or wiring or adding another bathroom.
We use our best efforts to present the most accurate and up-to-date information, but we are not responsible for the results of any defects that may be found to exist, or any lost profits or other consequential damages that may result from such defects. You should not assume that this content is error-free or that it will be suitable for the particular purpose that you have in mind when using it. The owner and operator of the website that displays this data makes no warranty or representation of any kind with respect to the completeness or accuracy of the information included herein.
Labels: battery powered motor sports, Drag Racing, electric vehicle, ev, Motorcycle, Tech, Yamaha XJ600
The third season of the FIA Formula E Championship could feature a race in Canada’s Montreal, the Montreal Gazette reports. Mayor Denis Code...
The first all-electric racing series introduces a level of sustainability to motorsport that has not been seen before. Here many of the key ...
An electric car built by engineering students of the US based Brigham Young University has once again set a world land speed record in the s...
An Australian radio talk show host interviews Richard Hatfield - CEO and founder of Lightning Motorcycles - regarding the history and inspir...
Both organisations might not sound familiar to most (yet), but they are doing great things: 80 Day Race and Greenpower Education Trust aim t...
Motorsports teams the world over are seriously looking at pure electric and hybrid drivetrains as the future of racing, but few teams have b...
OK, so I have a smoking new computer that I am still getting set up (transferring files and such), more trail building going on, bike rides,...
After qualifying fourth, Mahindra driver Karun Chandhok drove a battling race in Beijing, eventually finishing fifth. This is what he though...
It is very likely that a tenth event of the FIA Formula E Championship will not be held after Rio de Janeiro was cancelled by the FIA. Rumou...
Apart from the obvious such as diving, snorkelling and enjoying the picture perfect beach, there is not an awful lot to do or see. The island interior has a network of paths and tracks, which will take you to sleepy fishing villages, idyllic deserted bays, densely overgrown rock formations and coconut tree forests. A walk around the island will not take you longer than about 2 hours.
However, the hike to the lighthouse should be high on your agenda, which is where you can enjoy spectacular views over the island and the Visayan sea.
You are free to share, to copy, distribute and transmit the work to remix, to adapt the work under the following conditions: Attribution. You must attribute the work in the manner specified by the author or licensor (but not in any way that suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work). For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work. The best way to do this is with a link to this web page. Any of the above conditions can be waived if you get permission from the copyright holder. Nothing in this license impairs or restricts the author's moral rights. ''
Foot switch activation of trimming; simply hold down until the trim is made and release - so easy anyone can operate a Roundit and make perfect edge trim rounding with minimal training!
Decisions taken by the Governing Council of the ECB (in addition to decisions setting interest rates)
Conference on the Role of Financial Education and Consumer Protection in Supporting Financial Inclusion in Southeast Asia
Results of the September 2018 survey on credit terms and conditions in euro-denominated securities financing and over-the-counter derivatives markets (SESFOD)
WELCOME to the Official blog of the Southern California Pomeranian Rescue. We are a purposely small Pomeranian rescue ran by volunteers who have a deep commitment to place adorable Pomeranians back into loving homes. Here at Fuzzy Butt central we do not "rush" to make adoptions happen. We patiently place Pom Poms who dream of living the perfect life into loving homes that match their needs. Adopt A Pomeranian! Visit us at www.socalpomrescue.org
This adorable pair will add such joy to a home. These two play together all day and are very lovable. These two would do well in a home with no small children. Chris is a Pom and Timmy is a Pom Yorkie Mix.
This adorable baby needs a home! Marley was rescued from an abusive home and needs a family to love and care for her.
This campaign is to raise funds needed to address the day-to-day expenses incurred by the rescue. Most people do not realize the costs involved in running a rescue. All nonprofit organizations need financial resources to help achieve their goals.
Our cost to rescue and place a dog starts at $200.00 and goes up depending on any special needs such as surgery or behavioral problems that need to be addressed with a dog behaviorist. Below is a list of the basic costs per dog put into rescue:
Posted in Black Coat, Black Jacket, Green Coat, Jacket Men, Jacket Womens, Ladies Coats, Ladies Parka, Long Jacket, Mens Coats, Outerwear, Outerwear Jackets, Overcoat, Women's Coats
SocialDizz.com is a Do follow Social bookmarking website which opens the door to new ways of bookmarking, managing and mingles your categorized resources.
This is the easy part. 2.4k Views · View Upvoters Papillion, NE 68046 Follow Pronto Talk to our Email Experts Admissions Manufacturing Analysis Technical Interests Behavioral Email Example 2 – Nasty Gal Masters Action Customizable Templates MOOC Report Features Conferring 2017 At IT Sligo I will write short but effective emails for your email marketing campaign Success CERTIFICATE PROGRAMS Despite being so useful, automation is nothing more than a tool for a tester. Really skilled testers do not need it as can read the code easily and resolve the bugs on sight. Decide the way of actions on every part
Email Marketing Deliverability - Identify components which can/should be automated. This programme requires attendance at IT Sligo on four practical days (normally Fridays) during the year. The practicals and assessments on these days contribute to about half the overall marks in the modules CIM & Automation Technology and Instrumentation. The other modules Maths and Programming, Communications & Interfacing are delivered completely online. Reengagement campaigns Mobile-Compatibility moni420 “You get more leads for your money using Responsive Leads and I recommend you order some today and give them a try! Also, Mark is one of the most helpful and friendly guys to work with. You’ll be very pleased!”Here is a collection of places you can buy bitcoin online~Sally Henderson (Oostburg, WI) Fire & Rescue Training Institute "jobTitle": "Laravel Developer", Sales automation helps you sell more Domain Research That’s why it’s important to set your suppression criteria correctly. Email Apps Created by I will design editable mailchimp newsletter template Behavioral Email #3 – Homepage Abandonment "name": "Krista", However, don’t test stuff that doesn’t matter. Check out this graph from Neil Patel’s findings… Articles about Online Education Industrial Monitors & MMIs Plumbing Last updated April 19th, 2018 Download at docebo.com Careers at UHD Why Use a Certified System Integrator Always send a test email to an account that has images disabled and check to see if it makes any sense at all. If it looks like the WhatCounts email above, update the email so that it makes sense without the images. eCommerce Solution Get help from the pros // the player should play for six seconds and then stop. Research Projects Hewlett-Packard Sensing & Computational Imaging Here’s a three-email reengagement from True Citrus. It’s a great example of how you can reactivate and reengage shoppers based on the ideas above. Make sure your design is mobile-friendly. Engagement & Service Learning Automatic Bounce Handling. Mon-Fri 7am to 6pm CST Find Courses by Subject Training Courses I will give you 1,6 million fresh and active USA email list Each time customers receive automated messages, you can encourage them to contact you if they have any questions. Note: Now a days Software not only for Computers, and also for Mobile devices. Box It contains a nice promotion ($50 off a speaker three-pack — normally $149). It includes supporting copy (“A speaker system without the pesky wires”) and brand indoctrination (“Our bulbs are rated to last over 35,000 hours”). STAFF GREEN COMMUTE Pay attention to: Email 2 – Brand indoctrination Part 1 (100 word brand story, with open loop) For a more simplified process, I searched for the curriculum of a training institute, which was offering a course on Selenium. I followed it because it gave me a structured way of learning Selenium. Cookies Marketing Agencies When email first began, personalization with someone’s name was new and got people’s attention. But today, it’s easy and everyone’s doing it, so it doesn’t work anymore. Connect with us Doctorate degree applicants must have a Masters degree }; Robin Kurzer | Apr 10, 2018 at 6:35 pm ET Tap into the world’s largest team of deliverability experts to help you win your way to the inbox. Mini Circuit Breakers Molded Case Circuit Breakers Supplementary Protectors Fuses & Holders Disconnects Example: Facebook Increase customer retention by just 5%. Roadshows Internet marketing isn’t the future: It is now! Why keep investing in the dinosaurs of yellow page ads, print marketing and news copy? They can’t keep their businesses alive, so how can they possibly help yours? If you’re still not convinced, let’s look at some hard numbers. Set a reminder to review this. Send an email now to your team and assign someone to the project. Or make a note to hire an agency to set everything up for you. (all fields are required) This free, no obligation package will be emailed to you within 24 hours $12/mo Journals & Magazines email automation tools | autoresponder email examples email automation tools | buy email list email automation tools | email newsletter
Zaps complete Actions, while you solve more important problems. If you want to avoid the learning curve, and the costly amounts of time it can take, I recommend looking into codeless solutions: Click here for the full case study. "email": "sales@coalitiontechnologies.com", Download App Notable eMailPlatform supports sharing on all the well-known social media platforms. The recipient of a newsletter can, with just a few clicks, post the newsletter to their own social profile. Our editor was made for do-it-yourself automation. Set up Zaps without developer help. November 24, 2016 · Average part-time duration 18 months "name": "Khristy", ONLINE AUTOMATION | FAQ { Coursera, a company founded by Stanford professors offers online courses from over 140 universities. Service and Support RULE 8: PRACTICE A LOT Desktop How much revenue does email drive? Some High School Try Study.com for FREE SEO (Search Engine Optimization) Solutions Barry Levine | Mar 30, 2018 at 10:50 am ET Watch 4 minute demo 4 Must-Dos For Marketing Budget Planning What's bigger, 6 or 5? Become an automation testing expert in TestComplete by mastering concepts like Web Testing & Mobile Testing while working on relevant Use-cases and Projects as per the Industry standards. [+]
Your industry Camera Link Missing or incomplete content "jobTitle": "Designer", We’re constantly refining our product. Adding new features. Working to help your business grow. "reviewCount": "38" 4.9 (33) Campaign Optimization Tips. Electro-mechanical Relays Solid State Relays Relay Sockets and Accessories Timers / Counters / Tach There's no need to design your email template from scratch. You can upload or copy+paste your existing template (with images) into Interspire Email Marketer in just a few seconds. Contributor Kyle Henderick consults with his colleague to dispel likely areas of confusion about the data... Review Email Best Practices. {{translate.All_courses}} Instrumentation 2	05 Visit Location Build processes faster and get more done—no code required SubmittingSubmit Easy Contact Management Email Autoresponders | Courses within the program 201 Girard Street LinkedIn Email & Office Last date for enrollment: January 22, 2018 9. https://www.dzone.com Have your best year ever Relevant subject line that MENTIONS the product (“Shopping Cart Reminder: Don’t Miss Out On PRODUCT”) AdWords Ads Entry Requirements Email Marketing Templates "jobTitle": "SEO Reporting Team Lead", Welcome to the Automation Technician Program Testing is a hard task and automating it is a dream of every tester or developer. However, automation requires deep understanding of the process and constant practice along with following basic guidelines. We will describe these guidelines in this article to show you automation is done easily when done right. "name": "Nathan", Answered Aug 15 2014 · Author has 250 answers and 633.2k answer views Xero E-Commerce Marketing AutomationDirect in the News * See https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stefanpenner/es6-promise/master/LICENSE Can you guess how much Group 2 won the test by? Library "name": "Cass", How can you use different types of kitchen knives? Happy learning. TRAINING They didn’t see anything they liked RSLogix 500 Pro Training Course is for sale in our our ebay store. DURATION (YRS) nategramm Pneumatics width: '1170', Coffee Shops Blackboard } Great email here from Cottages4You. Partner Program Stanford University $.cookie('utm_campaign',utm_campaign,{expires:30,path:'/'}); EDITIONS "name": "Aileen", Track sends, delivery rates, bounces, spam reports, link clicks, opens, unsubscribes, and more. Positioning statement GitLab "name": "Gurpreet", Whether you're just getting started or dreaming up your next big campaign, this email marketing guide will provide you with insights and ideas to help your business grow. 5.0 (583) Frequently Asked Questions about this course This campaign is for people who view a product page but don’t add a single product to their shopping cart. PLC Technician II Certificate Program It doesn’t stop at email marketing… Online Reputation Glossary 5.0 (9) Schedule and send emails to the right contacts at the right time Segmented blasts Automation gives you back your time Alli Shea জীবনে অনেককিছু শেয়ার দিয়াছেন, এই পোষ্ট টাও অন্তত একবার হলেও শেয়ার দিন। Site Tracking If someone has stopped responding, there’s a good chance you’re just not making the right kind of offers. Maybe they want bigger discounts. Maybe they want products they can’t find anywhere else. Maybe they want additional benefits, like a rewards program. For example, you could add a second email after the reminder email that asks them to reply to the email and tell you why they didn’t purchase. To increase the likelihood that they’ll respond, design the email so it looks like it’s a text email that came from the founder or CEO. Change Username/Password Shopify Logos By joining I agree to receive emails from Fiverr. Free 14 Day Trial Selenium WebDriver Wait Commands (ImplicitlyWait, FluentWait, ExpectedConditions, PageLoadTimeout, SetScriptTimeout, and Sleep) Chapter 5 – Dictionaries and Structuring Data Let’s get into it. var utm_campaign = window.getUrlParameter('utm_campaign'); Industrial Automation, Advanced Diploma You might also find these links helpful: Remind people to leave product reviews. Send them surveys to find out what products they’d like to see more of, and to discover why they decided to buy from you instead of your competitors. digital marketing automation | email automation digital marketing automation | email marketing digital marketing automation | autoresponder
Nonetheless contemplating how to finish an engineering assignment throughout the deadline? Spot your order with MyAssignmenthelp.com now!
Chemical Engineering – We all know just how touch this subject is; physics, maths, biology; all of it goes on in this article. We can help you save hours of your time accumulating the investigation required to produce a very good paper.
Problem In mechanical engineering assignment, college students actually face an absence of Electrical power and time. Just after going through the workshops as well as the graphics drawing session, it is de facto uncomfortable to complete the AutoCAD drawing on the hostel space. Additionally they experience difficulty in finding the very best perspective or front view on the engineering pieces within the graphics drawing session.
Do you think you're probing for fair rated engineering assignment help? Each individual st...udent will like personal approach our writers create for each consumer singly. Consequently, you’re not simply just specified the utmost high quality operate that warrants The only praises, however you find out how to manage engineering tasks all on your own, Learn how to operate its Concepts and create use of it in notice.
Right after creating the assignment, our Skilled assignment engineering writers edit and proofread the copy ahead of the remaining submission. In this particular manner, college students get flawless assignments within given closing date. Several pupils lookup ‘can somebody edit my engineering assignments for me?’ In an effort to fulfil the necessities, see here now we boast a crew of professional assignment editors that is certainly to blame for eradicating unintentional mistakes and glitches check out this site through the copy.
Get support from the ideal Biochemistry tutors to solve your Biochemistry assignments. Good quality and accuracy of our services are unmatched from the business...
All our assignments are very well- investigated by our fellow writers and so include all the details which might be vital to impress instructors
Basically, engineers pertain the ideas of mathematics and science to generates reasonably priced answers to specialized troubles. Their function is usually to try this web-site website link the scientific discoveries Using the professional programs that meet up with consumer and societal requires.
You'll find superior quality methods for the Engineering Projects/Assignments/Homework/Coursework issues via our engineering assignment help solutions at totally a reasonably priced price in the deadline or ahead of the deadline.
It's a acknowledged fact that human source is the leading aspect that plays a major purpose while in the maintaining The entire Corporation and rising its productivity. The typical evaluation in the employees Doing the job in a corporation is de facto really vital. It is the Human Resource Management that is necessary for successful developing and Placing up of the varied procedures, techniques and several plans.
Trouble in electrical engineering assignment, the lab will work are greatly difficult. The circuit diagrams as well as their problems are enormously disturbing. The Evaluation on the KVL or KCL within the instances is basically rough to generally be analyzed.
Apart from engineering, the field of economics can be one of many toughest subject to check. Pupils which have enrolled on their own into this topic have to speculate lots of their time in carrying out assignments and several house-operates. The vast volume of its syllabus leaves pupils having a little or no time for them.
Disclaimer: The reference papers supplied by MyAssignmentHelp.com function product papers for students and they are not to be submitted as it is. These papers are intended to be useful for investigation and reference uses only.
Learners are sure to receive best quality assignment help answers whenever they area an buy with us.
Drinking water parks have prolonged been a favorite summer season time attraction. Because their introduction
Drinking water parks have prolonged been a favorite summer season time attraction. Because their introduction in the 1940’s, these leisure desired destination have presented amusement and enjoyable for youthful and old alike. Swimming pools and significant water slides are only some of the points of interest that you may obtain at these vacationer sizzling spots. Indoor parks have also turn out to be ever more well-known, building 12 months round splash-loaded romps an exciting truth. With nearly 2,000 water parks all above the earth, there are a lot to choose from. Read through on for information about some of the largest and most exciting water parks in the earth.
1. Sandcastle Drinking water Park in Blackpool, Lancashire, England houses the significant Master Blaster, the world’s longest indoor water roller coaster trip. Opened in 1986, this park is the UK’s largest and premier indoor water park experience.
2. Sunway Lagoon in Petaling, Jaya is Malaysia’s largest water park. The Waters of Africa adventure simulates a journey into an African wilderness and is the park’s largest attraction. Exhilarating waterplay abounds at this developing desired destination.
three. Las Cascadas Drinking water Park is not only Puerto Rico’s largest water park, it is the largest water park in all of the Caribbean. This water park is owned by the city of Aguadilla and is in truth the only facility of its kind in the region.
four. Noah’s Ark Household Park Inc. is effortlessly the largest water park in the U.S. In operation for above a few decades, this rip-roaring park spans above 70 acres. It is house, the city of Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin, is famously known as the “Drinking water Park Capital of the Globe” thanks to the impressive amount of 18 indoor water parks it retains.
6. The Globe Drinking water Park in Edmonton, Canada is a thrilling water park positioned inside of the Edmonton Mall. Chilly weather on the outside does nothing to damper the moods of website visitors to this indoor park, due to the fact Globe Drinking water Park is often a comfy 86 levels. The world’s largest indoor wave pool is certain to retain company coming back again.
seven. The Tropical Islands Drinking water Park in Brand name, Germany is housed in a gargantuan previous zeppelin hangar that spans above 710,000 square ft and promises to be the largest freestanding making in the earth. Opened in 2004, the park’s indoor pool can accommodate up to 8,000 website visitors. The facility is also house to an tremendous male-produced rainforest.
8. New Braunfels, Texas, U.S. is house to the largest water park in Texas, the Schlitterbahn Waterpark Resort. This park boasts the world’s to start with browsing equipment, above three miles of interior tube rides, heaps of water slides and the to start with uphill water trip ever designed.
Have you ever known anyone who was persecuted for doing good? I haven’t. I have never met or heard of anyone who was persecuted for being honest rather than dishonest, for working instead of loafing, for not stealing, cheating, or murdering. I have never known anyone who has been persecuted for not being a fornicator, adulterer, or drunkard. I have never known anyone who was persecuted for dressing modestly rather than immodestly.
I have known some religious people who were persecuted for their pretentious piety, holier than thou attitudes, and dressing strangely. But I have never known anyone who was persecuted for doing that which is right. What, then, does our Lord mean, when he speaks of his people being persecuted, reviled, and evil spoken of for righteousness’ sake?
True believers are persecuted for righteousness’ sake, because they testify to and proclaim the fact that there is no righteousness to be found anywhere except in the Lord Jesus Christ. Nothing so offends man’s pride and self-righteousness like being told that he is totally unrighteous, that he has never done anything righteous, that his very best imaginary righteousness is just filthy rags, worthy only of God’s everlasting wrath in hell, that he cannot do anything righteous and acceptable before the holy Lord God, and that the only way he can ever be made righteous is if God is pleased to give him the righteousness of the Lord Jesus Christ by imputation.
Proud sinners are enraged when they are plainly told that they are sinners. Going about to establish a righteousness of their own, they will not submit to the righteousness of God in Christ. They stumble over the Stumbling-Stone and fall into hell because they will not be saved only by grace, only upon the merits of a Substitute (Rom. 9:31-10:4).
Many acknowledge and give lip service to the gospel doctrines of total depravity, imputed righteousness, and salvation by grace alone, who yet cling to their own righteousness. While denouncing justification by works as a damning, hellish doctrine, they yet imagine that once they have been justified they must sanctify themselves (make themselves complete in holiness) by their own works of righteousness.
When we declare that “Christ is the end of the law for righteousness” - both justifying righteousness and sanctifying righteousness - they are enraged. When we assert, in the very language of the Bible, that Christ is made of God unto us both “righteousness and sanctification” as well as “redemption,” they cry, “That’s antinomianism! That promotes licentiousness and will lead men to sin!”
We must not be discouraged by this. We ought to both expect it and rejoice in it. When this happens, we are assured that we are on the right track. The Son of God assures us that we who trust his righteousness alone as our only righteousness before God are possessors of the kingdom of heaven. “Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven!”
Locksmith Professional Aspen Hill MD of Maryland has in fact used the Aspen Hill, MD place considered that 1994. Our Aspen Hill MD Locksmiths supply established locksmith specialist service in addition to 24 human resources emergency circumstance locksmith expert options in Aspen Hill, MD
Locksmith professional experts will definitely upgrade basic safety of your home in uncomplicated techniques. Different various other house services contain lock alternative such as outside patio area door lock replacement, sliding door lock fixing solution, duplicate house techniques made, door manage configuration, deadbolt configuration along with a lot more in Aspen Hill MD
Our Aspen Hill MD Locksmiths remedy as well as place all brand of locks as well as door protecting tools. Locksmith Professional Aspen Hill MD makes use of simply certified locksmith professional experts with the capacities important to establish commercial door safeguarding tools, containing shop front safeguarding tools, detex press bars in addition to worried leave gizmos. All our commercial door safeguarding tools as well as residential door protecting tools arrangements are ensured by Locksmith Aspen Hill MD of Maryland.
Aspen Hill Locksmith MD has a selection of Maryland grease monkey that have years of experience in this field. Whether you call for lock configuration or an ignition alternative, you might most absolutely depend on the effectiveness of our guys getting you with it in a punctual means. Substitutes in addition to repair work solutions are our specializeds.
. Locksmith expert has really been supplying fast along with credible services for commercial locksmith specialist and residential locksmith specialist in Aspen Hill MD due to the fact that 1986. Whether it is day or night, Locksmith will definitely be the area for all sort of lock repairing options in Aspen Hill MD
Organisation is a problem for all of us. We have to upgrade our lock systems frequently to create safe setup for each individual that is the element of solution. Locksmith specialist deals their customers with most of effective defense solutions.
MD Locksmith materials specialist in addition to timely locksmith expert services in the State of Maryland. Our Maryland locksmith professional specialists have as many as 21 years of experience in the locksmith expert occupation.
. MD Locksmith provides commercial locksmith expert options, family locksmith expert remedies as well as lorry locksmith expert services.
We established deadbolts, handlesets, mortise locks, cabinet along with home furnishings locks, panic tools, fire separation devices, electronic availability controls and press bars with alarm. Our open safe and secure remedies contain safe lock control, a non-invasive technique of safe opening which does not ask for boring of your safe. Additional safe and secure opening options include the use of autodialers get more info or robotic dialers to determine shed blends of helpful dial mix safe locks.
Locksmith expert has really been supplying fast as well as reliable services get more info for commercial locksmith specialist as well as additionally residential locksmith expert in Aspen Hill MD since 1986. Our Aspen Hill MD Locksmiths supply established up locksmith specialist remedy as here well as 24 human resources emergency circumstance locksmith specialist options in Aspen Hill, MD
. Locksmith expert has really been providing fast as well as reliable services for service locksmith more infoget more info expert as well as additionally building locksmith specialist in Aspen Hill MD thinking about that 1986.
Our Aspen Hill MD Locksmiths supply established up locksmith specialist option as well as 24 human resources emergency scenario locksmith expert remedies in Aspen Hill, MD
Our Aspen Hill MD Locksmiths supply established up locksmith specialist option as well as 24 human resources emergency circumstance locksmith expert options in Aspen Hill, MD
. Locksmith specialist has really been providing fast as well as credible services for company locksmith expert as well as additionally home locksmith specialist in Aspen Hill MD thinking about that 1986.
. MD Locksmith provides commercial locksmith expert remedies, home locksmith specialist services as well as automobile locksmith expert options.
Whether you are looking right into upgrading your safety and security and also protection system or remain in demand of emergency scenario locksmith specialist company, we have the ability to utilize the sort of state-of-the-art option you might rely on. If you need auto, office or home locksmith expert options, we have the experience in addition to the tools to meet your demands. Experienced locksmith expert innovations have the ability to handle autos and also vehicle lockout, deadbolt alternative, in addition to expert locks arrangements on the location!
With a population of 400 million people, 98% of the American people are idiots or are affected by one. That leaves 2%, or about 8 million of us who are aware of what is really going on and are taking steps to prepare and protect our families from problems we did not create. Don’t believe Americans are idiots? Just look at the shows on televison to get an idea of what Americans think is entertaining. Real Housewives of Miami, Dancing with the Stars, American Idol, The Amazing Race, Cops, The Big Bang Theory, etc. These shows provide more of a distraction from government activities than they do entertainment. Then you have distractions like The Grammy’s, The Academy Awards, Super Bowl, World Series, NBA Championships, NHL Championships, NASCAR, U.S. Open, the list goes on! When Real issues like taxes, gun control, abortion, the economy, inflation, The Federal Reserve and on and on present themselves the American people are clueless. Not only do they not have any idea of what the solutions could be but they don’t even have a basic understanding of what the real questions are. This is partly due to the media and partly due to the dumbing down of our educational system. Let’s take gas prices which are effecting everyone right now. Most Americans think that rising oil prices are being caused by greedy oil companies and speculaors on Wall St. I am sure that has a small effect on the price but not much. Oil demand is down 6% year over year and inventories are at a 6 month high, so supply and demand fundamentals are not driving prices right now. So what is? Ben Bernanke and his magic money making machine the printing press! Interest rates are at 0% so people are not making money by leaving their money in the bank or investing in T-bills which means they have to put that money in tangibles like oil and other commodities to protect their money from inflation and try to eek out some kind of income. This is causing the rise in prices of gas, oil, food, gold, silver, etc. to begin to accelerate. Paper currencies across the world are losing their purchasing power against real assets that cannot be increased by fiat. However when you try and explain this to the average American on the street their eyes gloss over and they stare at you with a blank look. Let’s talk about taxes! Last year the Republicans wanted to extend the tax cuts and the Democrats wanted to let them expire. What difference does it make? None I assure you. If you tax all Americans 100% of their income for a whole 10 years straight we still could never pay off the debt and if you did away with the income tax, which is unconstitutional anyway (The U.S. Supreme Court, in 1895, ruled unconstitutional a federal law containing income taxes), Americans would still get taxed from Bernanke’s printing press as much as the government wanted. However if you ask them who was wearing what at the Academy Awards last night they could tell you that plus who won what and in which category. LOL! This all just amazes me and hopefully we will all wake up someday from this bad dream. I am glad that there are people like Chris Duane and others that post articles and video’s here that are helping to wake people up and keep those of us who are already awake, from banging our heads too hard against the wall!
As a youngster I say that most of my generation can’t live few days without their iphone,tv and their idols .
Amen times a thousand! Except for the Amazing Race cut :), I kinda of like watching the competetion of people trying to problem solve,I need some distraction every now and then to clear my mind of all the other things in your article.
Those very things are what will kept people asleep. The Circus (Network TV), ATM machines (Federal Reserve) and Grocery stores (Bread), as long as the people have those things the Elites can play the fiddle all day long! Take those away through a socio-economic collapse and BOOM! There will be chaos in the streets. It is also the reason why it is so hard to organize people to mount any form of resistance. Momma does not want Daddy to jeopordize their position in the community, at church, or their illusion of freedom. Sex is a powerful weapon, women stopped Greek Wars by withholding “marital relations”. Wait til Momma can’t feed her children, and you’ll then be blamed how did you let this happen and what are YOU going to do about it! You all think I am kidding, just wait. You’ll have men clamoring to go to war just to have some peace!
Good points Silver Eagle, especially about women and the power they hold! I understand that everyone needs a little distraction now and then, myself included. But that is ok as long as your aware of what is going on, which you obviously are. Thanks for the comment!
After hours of reading Geo -Politics it is good to unwind, and Big Bang Theory is one of the best written shows out there!
Its all about moderation , but totally agree that there is just piles of celebrity , reality show crap.
This along with the Corrupt media in the UK especially the BBC is the reason most UK people will not wake up to the crisis that will hit them when are 1000% Total debt to GDP can no longer be papered over!
Out of around 150 people i have come in contact with in the UK over the last year only 1 person knows what is going on, that is 1 out of 150. Apply this to the whole uk population. Out of 70 million only 466,666 people probably have any clue about what is happening in the world and to the UK. That i think is less than 1% which i think would be about right.
I have tried to help people by telling them what is going to happen but the UK is a lost cause , literally no one has any clue of the sh*t Storm that is coming to this island!
And when you try and tell someone what is going on (if they are open to hearing about it)they cling so tightly to their belief system that it is hard to penetrate it.
AMEN! One “programed” distraction after another. Watching and paying attention, to things / shows, for the most part, that are viirtually devoid of anything of real consequence or importance. Wait until the REAL REALITY SHOW IS FRONT AND CENTER FOR ALL TOO SEE AND “PARTICIPATE IN – LIVE!” Unfortunately, it is going to happen at some point. There are other “programed” factors here as accomplices in this too, our public education system for one. Regardess, real REALITY is coming. I personally have virtually given up trying to educate others. It is a 100% waste of time and, maybe dangerous to your own interests. The looks, stares, etc, etc. one receives when trying to educate / help others. Most of our fellow human beings are too far removed from true reality to see it. I wish I had a better response or any answer more to this but, short of a true miracle, I seriously doubt that will happen to prevent what is inevitable. For those of us that are aware, continue to prepare for yourself and family the best you are able. Try to see BEYOND the inevitable too, there is hope. Thank you for this post Bigdad06, to Chris Duane / Silver Shield and to all the other fine contributors here.
Good Rant! Take the damn TV and throw it in the trash, period. IF you want to know why, read entire article and comments here: http://codgerville.wordpress.com/2012/02/01/menagerie-update/
It is real, so read a book, work on your preps or make love to the spouse, preferably your own. But, whatever you do, get rid of the DAMN TV!
Seriously? Turn your f*ckin cable off!!! Why in the world would you pay someone to tell you what to think? Some of you need to watch Chris’ video on denial.
Are these suggestions or dictates? Comes across a little condemning don’t you think? Is that any different than “you can’t drink raw milk”, “take herbal suppliments”, “use silver to purchase goods and services” because we know better than you? Really? I am such a non-comformist that I’ll do it just because you say not to.
And thus how tyranny slithered its way back after winnning independence. “You will not make whiskey without being taxed”…
Something about two types of people, those that want to be left alone and those that won’t leave you alone….. but I understand your comments to be suggestive and hlepful but will someone just waking up take it that way?
As for me, sometimes being steeped in this all the time, I need a distraction just to clear my mind, No one, I mean NO one can maintain a 24/7 alert/learn/practice mindset. And if it means watching an hour of mindless TV to download then so be it. Do I monitor the amount of TV we watch as a family? Yes
I missed something. Did I write a law that said “Get rid of the damn TV?” My point was and is, if you don’t like what is on it and complain about people who watch it, get rid of it. I would much rather make love than watch someone else do it. If you are confusing me with the FCC which mandated high definition TV so they can monitor your home more effectively and efficiently, “what we have here is a failure to communicate”. (I always liked that line from Cool Hand Luke.)
I am cautioning people that every TV is a two-way experience, And, it is on whether or not your end is on. If people don’t mind voyeurs watching their every move, put a TV in every room of the house. That is what personal liberty is all about. But, before you do that, I just thought you should know it is watching you whether or not you are watching it.
As I have said before, in several articles, my life would bore most people to death. That is why God invented Neopolitan ice cream, so there would be choices in the world. (LOL)
I must admit that I go to an occasional movie and watch about 2-3 hours of tv a week. I don’t think it is bad to watch a couple of shows a week. I love The Walking Dead and I also watch Top Shot. That’s about it. It’s purely for entertainment purposes. I don’t think a couple of hours a week will kill you.
However, I will say this, when the Mrs. and I moved into our current house, we did not have a tv. We went without one for a year. That was a great year.
Most of these folks are hard-working, free-spending, God fearing, heavily armed, true-blue, freedom loving Americans.
PS…my wife is watching “American Pickers” and drinking wine from a local vineyard that I purchased with silver…I think that cancels the tv show out!
My Favorite, I used to eat it as a kid, we would stir it all together and make “soft serve” before there was such a thing.
you did not help with my attempt at losing a few pounds by tempting me to go out a get a !/2 gallon!
Right now, there is a whole, an entire generation that never knew anything that didn’t come out of this tube.
Television is not the truth. Television’s a goddamn amusement park. Television is a circus, a carnival, a traveling troupe of acrobats, storytellers, dancers, singers, jugglers, sideshow freaks, lion tamers, and football players.
But, man, you’re never gonna get any truth from us. We’ll tell you anything you wanna hear. We lie like hell. We’ll tell you that Kojak always gets the killer and that nobody ever gets cancer at Archie Bunker’s house. And no matter how much trouble the hero is in, don’t worry. Just look at your watch. At the end of the hour, he’s gonna win. We’ll tell you any shit you want to hear.
So turn off your television sets. Turn them off now! Turn them off right now! Turn them off and leave them off. Turn them off right in the middle of this sentence I’m speaking to you now.
I go to trivia once a week at the local pub to get away from “reality” for a while. There are a wide range of great questions such as history, geography, literature and science. Then there are the pop culture and sports questions. I do best with geography and then fine with history and science. I don’t do well with pop culture and sports. I don’t do well with literature either but I don’t consider fluff and junk. I’m the polar opposite of most of the others.
Hey Chris, Just wanted to take a moment out of my life to thank you for all the life changing decisions/events that have occurred because of the information you've brought to the forefront when I discovered you, DTOM, & the SOL academy. I shunned the psychopaths in my life, closed my facebook, took every hour of free time to see the academy and read A LOT (a first for me), learned that I have a deep innate thirst for knowledge and teaching, jumped head first on topics I would have NEVER taken an interest in if not for waking up (finance, economics, politics, psychology, to name a few), and view everything in a completely different, but forward thinking and more intricate way. What you say is so true ... "once your eyes are open, you can never close them again" - EVER. The magnitude of all the changes that I've made in my life because of the SOL academy are so huge that I can't even begin to put a word on it. It's like a golden seed of life, love & truth, planted in my mind that is making me realize what does matter, what is real, and what I want be at the end of the day to myself, loved ones, and the world. Hope you're having a well-deserved and wonderful time with your family. A toast to you, the individuals in our group, and all the great and positive things to come despite such times. Peace. - Irving A.
You really need to sign up at the Sons Of Liberty Academy! I have been researching, as Chris has, for the last 5 years and have found out many things that have really changed my way of thinking! After signing up with Chris I have learned a lot more and he has vilified that which I have already learned!
I just finished the 10 modules of the Sons of Liberty Academy. I have never been so educated and aware, in such a short time.
It is very important to understand what is going on in our world and how to fight against it most effectively.
45 hours of video is a lot of information (I spend 3 weeks day and night, going through the course).
I would look for information on my own and it would take me a lot of time but to have it done and just to be able to build on that is great.
I just wanted to drop you a note and thank you. I've been studying the Academy, about to start module 5.
The information I've observed to this point has opened my mind to new ideas, and also reaffirmed some beliefs I've always had. I feel a tremendous sense of confidence now, the fear is subsiding, and I'm excited to complete the Academy and find the direction I can take with my future, as well as my friends and family.
As Bill Hicks said, the next revolution will be a revolution of ideas. I'm glad to be a part of this program.
The Sons of Liberty Academy is really fantastic! I highly recommend the Academy and the hard work and dedication to the truth that Silver Shield has put forth for defenders of Freedom and Liberty.
The betrayal of the Tea Party loyalist is becoming evident. A rebellion is brewing day by day, and the Power Elite have every right to be very worried.
My only regret is that I did not have this knowledge 20 years ago. The Sons of Liberty Academy is truly life changing.
If anyone is on the fence about joining the Academy, I will tell them they are doing themselves, their family and the country a injustice by not taking it.
Don’t let the money stand in the way, the course is invaluable and will pay for it self many times over with the finance info within the course.
I have two masters degrees and the Sons of Liberty Academy has been of greater benefit than all the “formal” education I have received.
"I am very excited about what I've learned so far! I have 3 more modules to complete. I've gone through a few of them twice, especially when there is history discussed. I find that very interesting. I am going to run through the entire Academy again, and review all the additional materials linked below the videos. There is so, so much information. Thank you for your hard work putting this together.
"I have just finished watching Module Six and continue to be amazed at the deception perpetrated on the American people.
I never had an interest in politics or our monetary system because it seemed too confusing, however, the simple way it is taught in the Academy has far surpassed any education I have received in my 35 years on this earth."
I have been sharing it with others, but there are so many more to reach. I am not afraid of the changes we will soon see, but confident that I am prepared to handle them. We are building a strong group here in my area and have shared your website with several key people of influence here.
Thank God I found you and took the time to go through the Academy. At the risk of sounding overly dramatic, my life will never be the same, and for that I am very grateful.
The Silver Bullet Silver Shield AG47 is available in a BU satin finish and also a Proof-Like mirrored finish that comes with a numbered Certificate of Authenticity signed by Chris Duane and Heidi Wastweet.
*The AG47 is now available for PRE-SALE at these Silver Bullet Silver Shield Authorized Retailers listed below.*
** The AG47 will be released for distribution Monday, August 19tth. The last day for dealer orders of AG47 is October 25th **
*** Please do not combine orders with non-SBSS coins, as your entire order will be held until the AG47 is released. ***
*If your dealer does not carry Silver Bullet Silver Shield, have them contact us at DTOMsola (at) yahoo (dot) com
holy shit Chris..That video left me feeling quite ill..I hope that guy bashing the woman in front of her kid was caught and got what I know all women bashers get inside!! The Human mind is capable of both amazing and hideous things indeed!
Kind of disappointed the new design is so similar to the stolen one. Best wishes on sales though; I will put in my pre-order… good video.
Mate I moved to a little tropical Island after 08 and have a garden full of food, water and an ever improving knowledge of the native foods in the surrounding bushland..when SHTF I’m pretty sure most people will flee to the mainland and if plan A doesn’t work Plan B is to use a sail boat to head north to one of the many uninhabited Islands in the Pacific that are FULL of natural resources..who knows how it will play out but getting out of central Europe 5 yrs ago was the best thing I did..all the best to your family and new little one too.
It seems like all the vendor links are not working. I tried to Register on SB, but can’t enter an email.
I am not sure on anymore proof-like products. I ordered some Love and Warbird from Amagi. The quality of the proof-like rounds was the worst I’ve seen for proof/proof like. They also did not come with COA’s. The BU rounds, on the other hand, were far above average. I’ve never felt I’ve spend too high of a premium on a silver product until now. Smudges, scuffs, and one even appears to have a fingerprint. I need to know this quality issue is resolved before ordering anymore proof-like product.
Having the ability to manage and prioritize is an important skill when servicing customers. They will tell you to up-promote, to handle your clients, and to make sure your timings are proper, and naturally house owners and managers need folks to revisit the restaurant, but they do not all the time give their servers the actual instruments they want with a view to hold reeling them again in. So, whether they’re already common prospects or new diners, here are a number of recommendations on how to preserve the shoppers coming again for more.
The primary function of buyer providers will not be gross sales, although some could spend an incredible period of time with clients encouraging them to buy additional services or products. My understanding is that Zirtual pays by sharing a portion of what that consumer paid for his or her month-to-month bundle in the event that they subscribe to the Premium, Executive, or VIP plan for your dedicated services.
Answering providers provide help with this. If you have all that, you might be utterly set for work at home customer support jobs. The one brand that has impressed the type of customer loyalty which typically borders on the maniacal, Apple earned its loyalty through their exemplary customer experience.
Holding the shopper joyful calls for different things of product companies than it does of service businesses. One technique to simply accomplish that “wow” expertise is just by telling your managers that every time they’re in direct contact with any visitor, that they are smiling, being friendly and attentive to the company.
Probably the most in demand or common customer support job is in a name middle. In case you’ve been in a certain restaurant lengthy enough, you begin to get to know the regular customers that come out and in of the restaurant on a each day, weekly, or month-to-month foundation.
Harish Rawat opposes disbanding of planning commission, demands its restructuring as a statutory body
Security forces deployed for peaceful commencement of elections in Motiram Baburam Post Graduate college
Vijay Sankalp Diwas: Over 10,000 BJP workers may get an opportunity to talk to Narendra Modi tomorrow
This Pro Touring 1968 Camaro started out life with a vintage V-6 engine, and now is powered by a high-performing and reliable modern LT1 crate engine.
Blackdog Speed Shop shows their talent for building killer muscle cars with this amazing 1969 Camaro built for track days and street driving.
Clean Slate. Did you see the wicked second gen Corvette that graced Speedhunters a few weeks back? That was the car that first put Brian Hobaugh on my Speedhunting radar, when I witnessed him ripping around (and kicking some serious ass) at a Goodguys AutoCross event.
Speedtech Performance’s Pro Touring Front Subframe for the 1967-1969 Camaro and Firebird is designed as a bolt-in package that will take your 1st generation F body to an entirely new level of performance!
Welcome to Rods 'n' Sods, the most active and friendly UK Rod and Custom website. We aim to cater for a wider range of tastes here from Hot Rods & Street Rods all the way through to Bikes and Trucks. Stock, Customised or Rodded chances are you'll find someone with similar tastes. As we're a national site it's also a great opportunity to meet up with other enthusiasts in your area.
Classifieds. Why sell with Pro Touring Garage Classifieds? We have a reach of over 8 million views per month to the target market across our marketing platforms, our fees are competitive and we deal with all real leads to assist sell your item in a clean efficient manner.
From Classic to Modern Muscle, the Pro-Touring Series is bred for high performance. Maximum dish to high offset applications, 4-piston disc to monster 6-piston brakes.
1969 Camaro Z28 Classic Pristine 530hp Supercharged RestomodDrive into any cruise night or muscle car show and you will find any number of gen 1 Camaros there. But you will NOT find one like this! 530 + hp Supercharged. completely restored/upgraded in all areas. Interior: Brand new total interior done in Deluxe houndstooth. with Rosewood dash and console insert.
All leads are recorded into a centralized safe database after which you can assigned for your sales reps. Considering the fact that CRM programs offers you many means for capturing and getting into leads in to the technique, your crew spends considerably less time coming into data and even http://elliotwsnid.collectblogs.com/7197818/the-fact-about-sales-leads-that-no-one-is-suggesting
Social Web Pad is a web 2.0 do follow social bookmarking site where people can submit their websites. It is a source for social news and networking.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you consent this. Find out more about cookies.
This rich and creamy, coconut milk based, dairy-free frozen dessert packed full of chocolaty cookies with a rich creamy filling can be enjoyed all by itself, or for the more adventurous soul, complimented with an endless array of toppings. Let the adventure begin!
All lyrics are property and copyright of their owners. All lyrics are provided for education purposes and personal use only
See also related to Perfect Grey Couch Sofa 42 In Modern Sofa Inspiration with Grey Couch Sofa images below
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Perfect Grey Couch Sofa 42 In Modern Sofa Inspiration with Grey Couch Sofa can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OK
Are you overly sore and tired following your exercise routine? Learn how massage could help you recover and improve your life.
Raindrop therapy is when warm essential oils are applied to your back in combination with a light massage. It is a way you can bring balance to your body without having to have anything put inside your body. If you aren't sure if raindrop therapy is for you, here are some advantages associated with undergoing the process.
One of the properties of essential oils is they are able to penetrate your deep cell membrane quickly and reach the amygdala, or the part of your body that controls your moods. When the essential oils are diffused through your amygdala, your mood will begin to mellow out and de-stress, allowing you to feel happier and more content.
As the oils are absorbed by your body, they will begin to loosen your muscles, allowing you to relax more fully and release any tension that might be causing you pain. Specifically, wintergreen and peppermint will help relieve your sore muscles and allow you to function more normally.
When your muscles and body systems are inflamed, then you might experience pain and exhaustion as your body fights to heal while you are still moving around. Raindrop therapy will help decrease this inflammation by soaking into your skin and calming the agitated parts of your body. Specifically, wintergreen, peppermint, and thyme are the essential oils able to aid with this process.
Another advantage associated with undergoing raindrop therapy is the essential oils will flush any toxins in your cells from your body. When the oils permeate the cell membrane, they force out whatever is in the cell into the bloodstream. The bloodstream takes the toxins and takes them to the liver, where they can be flushed out of the body. This is helpful because your cells are able to harbor bacteria and viruses that can lie dormant for a long time, allowing it to evade the immune system. By flushing them out, you can avoid any negative effects.
Finally, raindrop therapy can help get you used to being touched by another person. The massage involved includes a much lighter touch. You will be able to feel the effects of the massage and essential oils and help steel yourself for a deep tissue massage if you ordinarily wouldn't dare.
For more information, talk to a company that specializes in restorative massages, like Stephen Parish Massage.
When I started working out to lose weight, I realized that I was going to bed every night exceptionally sore and tired. I was really frustrated with how I was feeling, so I decided to start getting weekly massages. It was amazing to see the difference that a few simple trips to the massage therapist made. After a few visits, I was able to move freely and enjoy a larger range of motion. This blog is all about enjoying the benefits of massage and taking steps to improve your own life. With the right massage therapist, you might be able to enjoy a happier, healthier life.
The Sofia Pub Crawl has been the hottest partying destination in town for over 10 years now. Join our regular crawl on Friday or Saturday at 8:30 PM. The meeting place is Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (check the location at the bottom of the page).
Are you a group of more than 8 people? Looking for something more special? Check out our SERVICES to see some of our special offers (or email us at sofiacrawl@gmail.com).
I met a lot of really cool people on this pub crawl. The Bars in Sofia have a very cool vibe compared to other places I have been. Everyone I met spoke English, so that was good for me.
What a night! This was my first night in Sofia and I was pleasantly surprised. Great atmosphere and the chance of meeting new wonderful people. I would highly recommend this for people who are looking for a great time in the city.
I've met some great people that night. The bars were mighty good, I enjoyed them as well, besides free booze is free booze. Totally worth the money if you have some money. And if you have time, like free time.
The guides were extremely friendly. Took care of us throughout the whole night. The bar choice seemed very nice. A little bit of everything let's say. And we got very drunk. Overall 5/5 for a night out in Sofia. Definitely worth the money.
Pictures from the Psychedelic Swamp: Gary Panter, Narrative, and the Politics of Idiosyncrasy "Gary Panter" Picturebox June 2008
One of the most fruitful meta-curatorial practices of the contemporary era has been the exploration of the artist/curator/collector overlap - the act of sifting through a museum's holdings to compile an exhibition, or of institutions displaying the idiosyncratic collections accrued by artists themselves: from Andy Warhol's 1969 'Raid the Icebox 1' exhibition at Rhode Island School of Design (which pulled art and non-art objects from the museum's cold storage and arranged them in unconventional displays) to Eduardo Paolozzi's continent-and millennia-spanning 'Lost Magic Kingdoms' at the Museum of Mankind in London in 1985.
The artist-as-packrat exhibition 'Neotoma' at Otis College of Art and Design in Los Angeles in 1995 featured, among other things, Jim Shaw's pulp paperback novel collection and Mike Kelley's assortment of discarded wire coat-hangers bent to open locked cars. Not to mention indeterminate boundary phenomena such as The Museum of Jurassic Technology in Los Angeles, which displays such oddball ephemera as magician and actor Ricky Jay's collection of decaying celluloid dice and the accumulated knick-knacks of a half-dozen Los Angeles-area trailer-park residents in artist and curator Tina Marrin's permanent exhibition 'A Garden of Eden on Wheels' (2000-ongoing).
Shaw's 'Thrift Store Paintings' exhibition - a collection of a hundred or so mostly anonymous paintings found at swap meets and second-hand emporiums around the US, first exhibited in Glendale, California in 1990 and reconfigured several times since - remains a benchmark in the artistic inversion of the protocols of fine-art collection and display. But it is less widely recognised that the bulk of Shaw's oeuvre consists of elaborate variations on this same theme of the accumulation and presentation of cultural artefacts. Take, for example, the sprawling biographical fiction of Shaw's first major narrative experiment, My Mirage (1986-91), whose some 120 works in different media reference a huge spectrum of late twentieth-century visual language, ranging from bubblegum cards to Frank Stella, exploring the discrete subcultures of childhood, psychedelia and born-again Christianity while piecing together the story of Shaw's Candide-like teenage surrogate 'Billy'. Shaw's overarching conceptual structures, while distinctly narrative and often rooted in sequential linearity, nevertheless are holographic in the mechanics of their communication - specific, overlapping and often hermetic references sketch out a vast field of suggested-but-unarticulated narrative content (including the narrative of modernist formalism). While we can't always make out which specific biographical circumstances, for example, generated Billy's The Temptation of Doubting Olsen (1990) - a painting of an imaginary comic book cover - it is nevertheless surrounded by an aura of implicit data, and when even just two or three of Shaw's works are gathered in one place their mutually interpenetrating back stories begin to suggest a whole parallel universe.
Materialising every dream or articulating every potential nuance of sprawling projects such as Shaw's fictional-esque religion of Oism, which Shaw first conceived as a graduate student and which has occupied his attention since around 2000, is patently impossible. Any sample or cross-section of the big picture of Oism, whose manifestations encompass music, video, installation, performances, comic books, sculptures, drawings, photographs and paintings (including those supposedly found in Oist thrift stores), is encoded helplessly within the whole. It occurred to me that this model might provide a fruitful new way to explore the role of influence, reference and appropriation in Shaw's creative process, particularly by applying it to the reservoirs of symbolic and formal material from which his work derives: the artist's vast and remarkable collection of books, records, comics, magazines, artworks, videos, posters, knickknacks and other cultural ephemera, a hybrid personal/collective unconscious now largely clogging the interstitial spaces of his studio in the Los Angeles suburb of Glendale.
Nor was I wrong. As Shaw sifted through the thousands of items stashed in his long storage hallway, singling out several hundred for identification and elaboration, all the familiar themes from his studio practice emerged - crackpot science, fringe religions and adolescent culture; forgotten fine artists, unrecognised commercial designers and inspired amateurs; misinterpretation, disintegration and transcendence; experimental narrative and grotesque sensationalism; and collage - always collage. Among Shaw's influences is the Los Angeles based psychedelic-era comedy troupe The Firesign Theatre, admired for their ability to deliver avant-garde collage aesthetics to a popular audience. Their multi-track studio recording techniques, used to produce looping, layered narrative soundscapes such as the seminal Don't Crush That Dwarf, Hand Me the Pliers (1970) and I Think We're All Bozos on This Bus (1971), resulted in a surprising string of underground hit records and extensive radio exposure in the early FM radio era; at the same time, their very success (along with the stigma of being categorised as comedy) has slowed recognition of the importance of their work as both great literature and audio art.
A similar prejudice obscures the innovations of The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band. Active in London in the Swinging Sixties, the Bonzos initially came to popular attention as an English music-hall revival act on the children's television programme Do Not Adjust Your Set, before radically and rapidly evolving into a Dada-inspired psychedelic novelty group, whose fragmented but encyclopedic references to popular culture were another early influence on Shaw's cut-and-paste aesthetics. Their debut album Gorilla (1967) features the track 'The Intro & Outro', which Shaw considers 'one of the greatest recordings ever made', although their second LP, The Doughnut in Granny's GreenhouseUrban Spaceman), is generally considered their masterpiece. In Shaw's words: 'It's a succession of sound collages culminating on the second side with "My Pink Half of the Drainpipe": "You who speak to me across the fence of common sense…", and it reaches that point where he just holds the note and the music continues and continues… I used to use that to drive people crazy at my junior college.'1
Shaw's interest in collage strategies extends across the full spectrum of pop media, and back into the worlds of fine art and literature. Charles Henri Ford is best known as the editor of View, the 1940s New York-based Surrealist magazine that, over the course of its seven-year run, published work from major avant-garde literary and art-world talents from Marcel Duchamp to Jorge Luis Borges, many for the first time in the United States. Ford was an important poet and the boyfriend of Surrealist painter Pavel Tchelitchew. After Tchelitchew's death in Rome, Ford returned to New York and became a sort of éminence grise in Pop circles. 'I picked up this book, Spare Parts [1966], from a remainders book company for $3 when I was a teenager. It's a collection of Ford's multicoloured photolithograph collage poem posters made from newspaper and magazine clippings from 1966 - it was an edition of 1,000 or something.'
Another pseudo-journalistic print portfolio that caught Shaw's adolescent eye was Eduardo Paolozzi's Moonstrips Empire News Volume 1, a series of one-hundred silkscreen prints created between 1965 and 1967 in London. Moonstrips Empire News was the first instalment of a projected five-hundred-page magnum opus articulating Paolozzi's critical view of contemporary society through his voracious, appropriationist appetite for pop culture. The prints' modular, McLuhanesque pastiche of pop iconography, together with Paolozzi's signature curdled mechanistic horror vacuii, was a major force in moving Pop art beyond the cul-de-sac of arch, dispassionate quotation - though Paolozzi always maintained that he was operating in the tradition of 'radical Surrealism'.
'One weird thing about the work I'm doing now', observes Shaw, 'is that a lot of it actually references the nostalgia of Robert Crumb's childhood.' The same year as Paolozzi's Moonstrips Empire NewsZap #1King Bee #1 that had the greatest specific impact. 'They're different from just about any other Crumb - almost entirely collaged out of late 1940s and early 50s magazines. This advertising style - usually with speech balloons - from when he was growing up, is the very same period that I'm using for these backdrops for my new Oist prog-rock opera.'
was published, another, more street-level experimental periodical first saw the light of day. (1967) unleashed Crumb's potent marriage of archaic cartooning styles, psychedelic mythology, storytelling skills and obsessive draughtsmanship on an unsuspecting world. While Crumb's mutant funny-book stories formed an important link in the post-War grotesque tradition that informs much of Shaw's oeuvre, it was an array of uncharacteristic works printed in Apex Novelty's 1969 tabloid underground comic
While Dadaist objects, such as the collages of Hannah Höch and masks of Marcel Janco, ably localised the schizophrenic discontinuity of twentieth-century consciousness onto representations of the human body, the true cut-and-paste posterboy of modern disintegration was make-up artist Jack Pierce's realisation of Frankenstein's monster for the 1931 United Artists movie Frankenstein. Boris Karloff's flat-headed, dead-skinned stitched and bolted bogeyman was a cultural timebomb, erupting in the mid-1950s through a number of surreptitious subcultural channels. Alongside Ed 'Big Daddy' Roth, custom-car builder and creator of the hot-rod icon Rat Fink, the key figure in the early promulgation of this post-War grotesque tradition (and an important influence for Crumb, Shaw and many others) was the idiosyncratic comic artist Basil Wolverton, whose intricately deformed characters graced the covers of early MAD magazines in the 1950s. Comic-book aficionados are often unaware of Wolverton's lifelong side career of illustrating Bible stories for Herbert W. Armstrong's The Plain Truth and various pamphlets, including the apocalyptic 1975 in Prophecy! (published in the mid-1950s), which detailed the gruesome plagues and extreme weather that would herald the end days.
The third major force in 1950s pubescent grot wasn't a graphic artist, but a collector of Hollywood ephemera named Forrest J. Ackerman, who on a hunch compiled his collection of stills from then near-forgotten horror films such as Dracula (1931), King Kong (1933) and The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1923) into what he and publisher James Warren thought would be a one-shot publication for pre-teen boys. Famous Monsters of Filmland wound up running for twenty-five years. 'My cousin introduced me to monster magazines and comic books, which were the only masculine thing I could have access to in a house surrounded by women,' recalls Shaw. 'You had to go out of town to buy monster magazines - it was like pornography. None of the stores in my hometown carried them. So I had to surreptitiously go along with my sisters when they bought clothes in Saginaw, Michigan. I didn't realise how big an influence they were until I did my book of distorted faces, and I realised it looked like a group of Famous Monsters covers.' Shaw is just one among several generations of influential cultural workers whose young minds had been warped by FMoF, some of whom - including Steven Spielberg and George Lucas - helped to shape Western popular culture according to Ackerman's images.
One of these two directors' more improbable Hollywood collaborators was the illustrator Ron Cobb, designer of an ecology symbol - a green sign, similar to the Greek letter theta and suggesting a planetary form, which was used by environmentalists throughout the 1970s - and author of a highly influential cartoon style that incorporated post-apocalyptic vistas and fetishised machinery with an acerbic but essentially humanist worldview. 'Cobb started out doing Famous Monsters covers, then he became the political cartoonist for the LA Free Press,' remembers Shaw. 'And then he did design for movies like Dark Star [1974], Conan the Barbarian [1982], Star Wars [1977] and Alien [1979]. One day he got a check for $200,000 for E.T. [1982] and he hadn't even worked on it. He'd worked on the story for Night Skies, the much darker movie that E.T. replaced. To me that's the ultimate Hollywood success story.' Shaw parlayed his own FMoF fandom into a late-1980s stint doing special effects animation for films such as A Nightmare on Elm Street III: The Dream Warrior (1987) and Earth Girls Are Easy (1988).
As much as Shaw's work has been nurtured by the dark underground springs of wrongness coursing beneath the placid surface of 1950s America, the surface itself has also been the object of considerable obsession. Many of Shaw's favourite graphic artists of that period are remarkable for the cool, clean economy of their linework. Original SpiderMan penciller Steve Ditko is a prime example, and his paranoiac Ayn Rand-inspired self-published comics such as Mr A and Avenging World are an unexpected dividend, mirroring the exaggerated Apollonian precision of the artwork in their black-and-white philosophical polarities. But Shaw was actually slow to warm to the Stan Lee/Jack Kirby/Steve Ditko revolution at Marvel comics - naturalistic (albeit fantastically mutated) anti-heroic characters operating in contemporary Cold War culture and rendered in a dynamic and self-conscious Pop-house style - that revived the medium in the early 1960s.
'I was already pretty into comics when the Marvel thing with the Fantastic Four happened, so I had this bias towards DC,' admits Shaw, 'even though I could sense that it was wrong.' Curt Swan, who had been drawing the frivolously surreal Shaw favourite Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen since the mid-1950s (until Marvel-defector Kirby took it into the stratosphere in the early 1970s) was one of DC Comics's masters of the crisp school, but it was an even more prominent member of the DC family who earned Shaw's greatest accolades. 'My favourite was Murphy Anderson's inking of Carmine Infantino originals, which would have been [space opera hero] Adam Strange in Mystery in SpaceThe Atom and Hawkman and also worked with Curt Swan - was a really precise inker because he used a quill pen instead of a brush.' Comic fandom and criticism have underrated Infantino because of his lack of a conspicuous individualistic style, yet his slick craftsmanship has a hypnotic so-right-it's wrong regularity and a streamlined modernist visual attractiveness that keep giving long after graphic auteurs like Frank Miller have worn threadbare. In spite of Shaw's low opinion of his own skills as a comic-art draughtsman, he has continued to pay homage to DC's Silver Age for inspiration, both in his recreation of dreamt comic covers and a recent series of Oist comic stories.
Probably the most dedicated and resolutely fringe artist and publisher in comic-book history is Los Angeles native Jack Chick, whose histrionic fundamentalist Christian tracts have sold over half a billion copies to date, making him the world's most widely read living author. Inspired by the 1950s comic-book propaganda of the Chinese communists in Rancho Cucamonga on the outskirts of Los Angeles, Chick's ministry has been churning out his little cartoon narrative rants about the occult, abortion, homosexuality, rock music, politics, Harry Potter and the theory of evolution since 1960. He is particularly devoted to exposing the Roman Catholic Church as the secret inventors of Islam, the Mormons, Jehovah's Witnesses, communism and the Holocaust - in addition to being doctrinally misguided. In spite of his enormous presence as a writer and artist, Chick has never issued a photograph of himself and hasn't given an interview since 1975, leading some to refer to him as the Thomas Pynchon of the Christian comic crowd. 'I'd be thrilled to get some original Chick art,' says Shaw, 'but it's probably impossible. I've never heard of anyone owning any.'
Chick's artwork is unusual in that it is motivated solely by its role as a vehicle for revelation rather than any normative aesthetic or financial goals. A similar example of form following function is the found antediluvian 'rock books' and related interpretive paintings of Richard Shaver. Shaver was an automobile factory worker in the 1930s who, by his own account, suddenly began to be able to read minds, then to telepathically listen in on torture sessions conducted by malignant reptilian aliens living within our hollow earth. The extensive accounts of his subsequent investigations were published as non-fiction in Ray Palmer's influential pulp sci-fi magazine Amazing Stories, and laid the foundation for the contemporary paranormal research subculture. Later in life, Shaver realised that certain rock formations were a sort of holographic record of culture before the great flood, and began interpreting the subtle imagery he found in cross sections of polished agate by copying them in paint, with added detail and explanatory text. 'In my younger days I went to seek out Shaver in his temporary hometown of Amherst, Wisconsin, hoping to come across some of his artwork,' recalls Shaw. 'Instead I came across Ray Palmer's son, who was running the family business, which by then consisted of FATE magazine - but they had back issues of Flying Saucers and Other Worlds. I bought everything they had, but they didn't have any of Shaver's paintings. I finally was able to buy one from Brian Tucker, an LA artist and Shaver scholar.'
Crackpot science has been a consistent inspirational source of creative wrongness for Shaw. 'I just finished this book called The Music of Time [2000] by Preston B. Nichols, the guy who's been behind these books on the Montauk Project, and he claims he's not only involved in these secret US military time-travel experiments, but that he's the genius behind bubblegum music, the Moody Blues first symphonic music and the great recordings of Phil Spector. The Rolling Stones would show up in the middle of the night in Montauk and record "Sympathy for the Devil" [1968]. There were two members of the bubblegum band Ohio Express - who recorded "Yummy Yummy Yummy I've Got Love in My Tummy" [1968] - called the Hamill brothers, one of whom was Mark Hamill of Star Wars fame. But Mark Hamill doesn't ever mention being in the group. He has no reason to hide something like that … unless it depended on time travel!'
Another 'differently credible' scientist was the model for a central (fictional) figure in Oist history. Shaw explains: 'Annie O'Wooten, the founder of Oism, became so enamoured of the ideas of this inventor that she brings the church to near-bankruptcy investing in his various schemes. When these turn out to be frauds, she loses control of the church to a group of men, but the inventions turn out to be the source of a lucrative home appliance business.' Sometimes mentioned in the same breath as Nikola Tesla, the late nineteenth-century free-energy crackpot John Ernst Worrell Keely claimed to have discovered a way to transform tuning-fork harmonics into mechanical energy. He gave highly controlled demonstrations of his remarkable (and remarkably Paolozziesque) hydro-pneumatic-pulsating-vacu-engine and music hydro-vacuum motor to potential investors - particularly Mrs Clara Bloomfield-Moore, who funded Keely heavily for a decade until his inability to produce practical results (amidst widespread accusations of fraud) frightened off even this stalwart believer. After Keely was struck and killed by a streetcar, his laboratory was examined by Moore's son and a journalist from Scientific American, leading to the discovery of a massive silent-air compressor and a network of hidden pneumatic pipes that had secretly powered his harmonic devices.
Shaw's collection bears an analogous relation to Keely's hidden system of streaming air: stacks of vintage fundamentalist magazines such as Destiny and Moody Monthly; original song-poem vinyl by Rodd Keith and The MSR Singers, a variety of Christian ventriloquist acts and Sacramento hippie instrument-inventor Bobby Brown; imported tomes on forgotten Surrealists such as Clovis Trouille, Jean Benoit or Alberto Savinio (Giorgio de Chirico's brother); videos of Eastern bloc filmmakers such as Aleksandr Ptushko, Karel Zeman and Wojciech Has; taped cable-access broadcasts of The Three Geniuses, Christian Science ventriloquist David Hart & Chip and Zero Abortions; and so much more. Every nook and cranny of Shaw's laboratory (and mind) wheezes and creaks with the pressure of this culture-saturated atmosphere. The difference is that Shaw's elaborate mechanism works: every once in a while a phase shift occurs, and some new and monstrous holographic nugget is belched into the world. Nothing is free and nothing is perpetual, but in Shaw's baroquely recombinant universe, the evolutionary potential of human creativity is apparently boundless.
Noble's Park was the setting for the Council's fun day on Saturday August 1 when Her Worship the Mayor Councillor Sara Hackman JP and the Mayoress, Councillor Carol Malarkey spent time viewing the attractions and meeting organisers, stall holders and visitors.
10 winners have been awarded their prizes in the 2015 floral trail competition organised by the Council's parks section. The competition asked people to track down 10 floral 'sculptures' themed on town centre businesses in Douglas, each one of which had been sponsored by local companies, then enter a free prize draw by scanning the display's QR code, emailing or writing to the parks section at Ballaughton nursery with the names of each sculpture and sponsor.
Prizes were vouchers from the participating businesses: Andrew Barton Photographer, Buttery Cafe, Curphey's Leathercraft, G and M Logistics, Hot Gossip, Peter Norris Music, Securikey, Sure, Wilkins Jewellers and Zenith.
This video is hosted on YouTube. To download video One-Minute Time Machine use third-party services.
topix.com Is it down or just me? Online website down status checker tools to test any site’s reachability in real-time. To perform an is it down query, simply enter the domain name or copy and paste the URL address of the unavailable website and see if it is down or not for other users right now.
This real-time website checker performs an independent site down or not test if you have encountered a website not working problem. We communicate with the given domain’s web server and a website down message is displayed in case of: server not responding, client error or server error http status codes. Please note, that we are currently unable to examine the functionalities of a site (e.g.: login, forum) or the page content itself, therefore you may get a site up message even if a blank page is loaded for the domain name.
Rodanthe is in the middle of North Carolina's Outer Banks. It's about 35 miles north of Cape Hatteras. Cape Hatteras is possibly best known for its lighthouse. The Hatteras Light is the tallest brick lighthouse in North America. It is made of 1,250,000 bricks that were made in Williamsburg, VA.
Like Cape Cod, the land of Cape Hatteras is a constantly changing bit of sand. As a result, the coastline is changing pretty dramatically every year. The Hatteras Lighthouse was moved in 1999 to a new site approximately a half mile from its original location. The ring at the base of this picture marks the site of the original lighthouse location.
The original site of the lighthouse is very close to the water's edge, and will likely be underwater in a few years. This picture shows the fortifications that are still in place to protect the original site. The ring marking the original site is about 35 yards behind where Mary is sitting.
The Outer Banks is also home to several wildlife refuges. Our campground was very close to a protected migration area that was home to many ducks, geese, and other water birds. Here's one of the more interesting birds that we saw fishing.
We got to see several turtles in the refuge along with the birds. They were swimming near a path that went over the water. This picture is looking down on a turtle that was looking back at us.
The humans on the Outer Banks are also avid fishermen. We saw many trucks driving around with their fishing gear. It was interesting to see because most of them have special carriers for the poles, coolers, and other gear that mounts to the front of their trucks. This truck was carrying 13 fishing poles.
We also visited the Roanoke visitor's center and saw a film called "The Lost Colony." It was interesting to learn about this original English colony and the mysterious disappearance of those original settlers. It was also neat because Pete's Aunt Dina (who we visited on Cape Cod) wrote the script for the film.
Finally, we visited an aquarium on Roanoke Island. It was a small aquarium, but did a great job showing us what the birds and the humans were fishing for. We got an up close look at a river otter, more local turtles, a sand shark, a few alligators, and more.
Please Get in touch with your local reservations Workplace. Booking of over nine passengers is at present not obtainable on the internet. Remember to Make contact with your local reservations Place of work. Validate to the meter. You might be explained to "500" by the driver. Just seize the door tackle and say "What, you do not have a meter?" Really don't vacation unless the meter is utilized; not using the meter is prohibited, and you'll report it to area officers.|Your Bohol day trip begins with pickup out of your Cebu resort and a short journey into the port to capture the ferry over to Bohol Island. You?�ll land within the island money, Tagbilaran, and board an air-conditioned coach to tour Bohol?�s scenic countryside.Your Bohol sightseeing tour can take in several sights, such as the bronze statue known as the Blood Compact Monument, commemorating the first treaty of friendship in between the Spanish and Filipinos. You?�ll see the lush foliage of a forest of mahogany trees, prized for their timber, and move villages surrounded by regional nipa palms. Take a look at Baclayon Church and admire its common Spanish colonial architecture. Take a look at its neighboring museum with your manual to find out historical relics courting back again on the sixteenth century!Then head into the water to board a cruise about the Loboc River, and revel in an reliable lunch of Filipino specialties served on board the boat, buffet-design.|The peopleare incredibly welcoming and practical, and there are also many eating places which serve scrumptious foods and beverages.?�I like EC since on my very first day listed here, I ... See a lot more|Tourism figures are booming, Cebu draws Virtually two million international travellers a yr. The island's prime attractions are its white-sand beaches and magnificent diving, chiefly off the northern idea of Cebu at Malapascua and down over the southwest Coastline at Moalboal. And do not dismiss A great deal-maligned Cebu City, which has lively bars, emerging eateries and burgeoning retail attraction.|Those people are usually extremely friendly and helpful but warning is usually recommended. In addition to the lousy, You will find there's very well recognized middle course and an terribly abundant higher class that arrive largely from present or former government Associates or business enterprise persons. Converse[edit]|Tooltip about travelling with little ones. Push enter to expand. A kid guest is classified as becoming 17 decades aged or underneath. All young children have to be accompanied by an adult guest. A maximum of four Grown ups and three youngsters might stay in a person place.|A colleague of mine analyzed at EC a single year ago, and she or he instructed me it had been excellent. All individuals are so open and welcoming in San Diego. It?�s an awesome destination to delight in daily life and in addition discover English. My favorite memory could be the action once we went to a Baseball ... See extra}
By taxi the cost needs to be about 2000 PHP when preset. Observe on Eco-tourism: The operation at Oslob is unethical as being the whale sharks are fed frequently to entice them near the shore for travellers to swim with, and Even with guidelines versus it, quite a few travelers sadly initiate Actual physical contact with the whale sharks. Nevertheless it continues to be a preferred activity. For readers that are eco-conscious, take into consideration diving with whale sharks at Donsol. You should do not forget that whale sharks are now endangered and by heading right here that you are supporting this income-producing plan with no regard for their conservation.
Town's oldest property, built in 1730, is within an operational warehouse compound of hardware provides. Realising its historic benefit, the proprietors just lately restored and opened it to the general public as a museum showcasing 18th-century Filipino-Hispanic existence.
To acquire to this location, a single could have a taxi - the motive force possibly appreciates this place. or 1 may take a jeepney. All 12L jeepneys go through there.
Its four Spanish-era buildings made of coral stone comprise artifacts concerning the record of Cebu. . Tickets are bought from the conductor inside the bus who concerns you after you board or at the time beneath way. Exactly the same route by taxi would set you back at least ??500 as the motive force would commonly really have to return vacant.|In keeping with an Aug. eleven, 2009 Japan Periods article, "Inside the seventies, Kitaoka started negotiating with ETS to make a new take a look at of English interaction for use in Japan. ETS responded that it needed a nonprofit Business to work with as their lover. Kitaoka made an effort to enlist the help on the Ministry of Training, but their bureaucrats did not see the need for just a new check to contend While using the Stage Eiken, an English examination by now backed from the ministry.|The TOEIC evaluates linguistic capability in knowledgeable Anglophone surroundings. The Test lasts two hours and is divided into two sections: listening and looking through.|Tooltip about travelling with small children. Press enter to extend. A baby guest is classed as staying seventeen a long time previous or beneath. All young children need to be accompanied by an Grownup visitor. A optimum of 4 Older people and 3 little ones might remain in one space.|This area vacation guide to Cebu Province is actually a usable article. It offers a very good overview in the region, its sights, and how to get in, along with one-way links to the primary Locations, whose article content are likewise very well created.|If setting up a visit, consider purchasing a Sunshine Star newspaper for ??8|eight}; they've got a shipping and delivery guide with info on passenger transport schedules, up-to-date every day.|If the scholar can not achieve a 785 mark, he/she is offered to validate his/her diploma by other implies in most of the educational facilities. Some establishments delay the diploma for one year after the finish of the studies in that scenario.|E-newsletter sign up Subscribe now and get a twenty% low cost in your future guidebook purchase. E mail handle|An adult travelling with kids must be above 18 a long time of age. For ticket bookings of over nine passengers, you should Get hold of your local reservations office|GC Completely useless, entirely worthless and would not make any perception to find out vocabulary with the help of the I am able to mention that not a soul no-one can easily you are going to discover English and improve your vocabulary|Within the airport the busses get started at 7am to 9pm. Fastened fare is ??25|twenty five}. Saves you from having to pay a metered taxi for just being in traffic jams not less than until eventually you are more to the city Centre.|ETS also administers a simplified Model in the TOEIC check identified as TOEIC Bridge. The TOEIC Bridge test targets beginning and intermediate speakers and includes one hundred many-preference questions, requiring about a single hour of screening time.|To receive inside of a jeepney, call the attention of the driving force by waving 1 arm since the jeepney techniques you. Motorists ordinarily stop as soon as they see this arm-waving. To acquire off a single need to say "LUGAR LANG" in a very loud voice. Be certain the jeepney driver hears you, Otherwise, he will carry on to generate away.|Buses may also be offered but these are likely to ply completely together the north-south route. There's two important bus terminals as the name implies for path of travel - North Bus terminal at Mandaue and South Bus terminal.|Include an extra area Reserving of in excess of 6 rooms is at this time not out there on line. Be sure to contact your local reservations Workplace. Booking of greater than six passengers is at this time not obtainable on the internet.|Inside our IELTS section you will discover follow resources and tips that may help you get ready for that listening, Talking, looking through and producing modules on the IELTS examination.|Tooltip about travelling with young children. Push enter to grow. A toddler guest is classed as getting 17 a long time previous or below. All kids should be accompanied by an adult guest. A maximum of four Older people and three young children may possibly remain in a single area.|In her operates, the author and filmmaker Merle Kröger brings together a realistic watch of our occasions, an unwavering sympathy for the people suffering hardship and also a penchant for exuberance [much more ??}
On a yearly basis, two million folks acquire international examinations with assistance from your British Council. Pupils and experts achieve skills that may open up doorways at major tutorial establishments and boost their work prospects around the world. Decide on the options beneath:+ with the ride to Tops but the cost has doubled to the ridiculous non-negotiable ??1000|one thousand|a thousand}, The easiest way to experience Tops is by mountain bike.|Not surprisingly these activities will likely be rather pricey Should you be residing in on the list of upper-conclude resorts on Mactan Island. For those who go even further South to a few of the wonderful benefit resorts in the vicinity of Dalaguete or Oslob, actions might be less expensive and be carried out by enthusiastic community guides.|An adult travelling with kids have to be around 18 a long time of age. For ticket bookings of in excess of nine passengers, remember to Get hold of your neighborhood reservations Workplace|The programs commonly range 1 week to four months in length. For an extra Expense, some universities offer private tutoring Together with getting the class. Many of the faculties ??some are Formal tests centres ??also guide with obtaining you registered to take the Formal check.|As the second main city in the Philippines, Cebu suffers with the very same troubles as Manila, nevertheless into a lesser extent. Hope to find out significant amounts of poverty and pollution. In spite of this the town's infrastructure is kind of made, with numerous buying malls, pharmacies, ease merchants, vacation organizations, and speedy food chains. Many of they're open up 24 hrs.|Prior to deciding to start out exploring the Internet, inquire oneself the concern: "What type of career am I suited now to do?"|You?�ll be serenaded by guitarists playing nearby folk tunes while you dine and glide together the river. For those who dare, step on stage and take component in one of this nation's favourite pastimes - karaoke! Your guidebook may even support you see little tarsiers actively playing to the riverbank ??they?�re demanding to uncover, since they?�re the whole world?�s smallest primate.After lunch, have a scenic tour through the island?�s inside to Carmen, in which you?�ll stop by the thousand or so rounded hills known as the Chocolate Hills. You?�ll have fabulous sights over Bohol Island from the Chocolate Hills viewpoint, with spare time to look through the stalls clustered in this article. To recall this magnificent perspective, get Resourceful and choose an off-the-wall snapshot of you While using the hills.Your Bohol tour finishes While using the return ferry experience from Tagbilaran to Cebu and return on your town resort.|Don with your swimwear and with all your snorkel set at hand, board assigned paddle boats and row out to the sea with expert boatmen. Just after a brief boat ride, swim and snorkel Using these gentle giants for approximately thirty minutes. Freshen up and revel in a seafood barbecue lunch via the Beach front. Immediately after lunch, stretch your legs with at Aguinid Falls right before returning in your hotel.|Take to the seas with a Filipino outrigger boat that may get you island hopping towards the white-sand Beach front of Pandanon and maritime sanctuaries Nalusuan and Gilutungan for snorkelling and fish-feeding.|Taxis are omnipresent in Cebu City. Regrettably, there is a decent probability you'll be overcharged by a taxi driver in some unspecified time in the future for the duration of your vacation to Cebu.|A few of these resorts have beautiful coral reefs appropriate in front of the resort - great for individuals who intend to go snorkelling or for making some simple dives in awesome coral reefs.|An adult travelling with youngsters needs to be more than eighteen decades of age. For ticket bookings of greater than 9 travellers, please Speak to your neighborhood reservations office|Should you be scheduling travel for kids that are travelling by itself, make sure you Check out the age limits set through the running provider before reserving.|Tooltip about travelling being an adult. Press enter to grow. An Grownup travelling with children has to be about eighteen many years of age. For ticket bookings of over 6 travellers, make sure you Make contact with your local reservations Business office|Booking of greater than 4 travellers is at present not accessible on line. You should Make contact with your local reservations Business. Course Initial|Your Bohol working day excursion begins with pickup from your Cebu lodge and a short trip to your port to catch the ferry over to Bohol Island. You?�ll land from the island money, Tagbilaran, and board an air-conditioned coach to tour Bohol?�s scenic countryside.Your Bohol sightseeing tour can take in lots of sights, including the bronze statue often known as the Blood Compact Monument, commemorating the initial treaty of friendship in between the Spanish and Filipinos. You?�ll begin to see the lush foliage of a forest of mahogany trees, prized for their timber, and move villages surrounded by nearby nipa palms. Stop by Baclayon Church and admire its regular Spanish colonial architecture. Investigate its neighboring museum with your tutorial to find out historic relics courting back to your sixteenth century!Then head for the h2o to board a cruise on the Loboc River, and enjoy an authentic lunch of Filipino specialties served on board the boat, buffet-type.|English opens a lot of doorways in everyday life and will be your path to A prosperous future. Whether you are Understanding to your schooling, your job or just for an unbelievable everyday living experience, we will be sure you attain your targets.|Tickets are purchased at a conductor Within the bus who involves you soon after receiving in. The exact same route by taxi would set you back all over 1500-2500 Pesos as the motive force would commonly really have to get again vacant. See[edit][increase listing]}
If you think you'll need much more assist to organize for your check, then you may want to evaluate using a whole on the web system. These classes have each day classes that may help you with English grammar and vocabulary, and that can help help your examining and listening competencies, and observe TOEIC checks to acquire. TeamViewer I have a whole overview of all my functions of artwork, regardless of their locations. This indispensable Software aids me enter and exit from my Digital pictures even even though They are really in use.|When making use of this site, you acknowledge the usage of cookies in terms of analysing knowledge and much better serving you with extra appropriate content material Down the road.|Tooltip about travelling with youngsters. Push enter to grow. A child visitor is classified as remaining 17 years outdated or under. All little ones should be accompanied by an Grownup guest. A most of 4 adults and 3 children may possibly stay in just one space.|Quite a few suburban towns with different content articles here are also administered as portions of Metro Cebu; see that article for a listing.|Place your pupils in the proper class using an precise CEFR level. Enable them enhance their Test outcomes.|Aspect-time courses are made available during the night or on weekends, or you may go for length or on-line Mastering. In the event you meet up with the prerequisites and there's House obtainable, you could sign-up for just a program promptly.|This really is a normal security examination that we use to circumvent spammers from producing pretend accounts and spamming customers.|A different place the place non-public taxis are frequent could be the airport. To avoid them, basically talk to a porter for aid and for your metered taxi. Downstairs in the exit for arrivals, There exists a booth that should flag down a taxi for 70 ?? but You may also go up the ramp and you will discover a large number of metered taxis expecting you. You can even wend your way upstairs to Departures wherever lots of metered taxis are offered.|Awesome motels and hostels We've pre-picked the most effective resorts, hostels and bed and breakfasts to help make your keep as pleasant as you possibly can. Verify-in}
To find the transcripts for every area click on these links and at the best appropriate of each page there'll check here become a downloadable PDF file:
Cebu is an element of a big urban area, Metro Cebu, whose other key parts will be the cities of Mandaue and Lapu-Lapu. This is the booming metropolitan spot with each of the conveniences of a modern town and plenty of of the problems of squalor, sounds and pollution.
although it wasn't the private institution that set the 785 mark but a advice within the Fee des titres d'ingénieur indicating a B2+ amount within the Typical European Framework of Reference for Languages.|It's a major hub for domestic flights; there are direct flights to most towns during the south plus some during the north, and connections by using Manila to quite a few Some others. What's more, it has lots of Intercontinental flights.|The IT Park has about twenty terrific restaurants and Many of them are open up 24 hrs per day. Both equally of these having parts give no cost WiFi. However, SM Metropolis Cebu also opened an extension to the main mall named SM Northwing with more than 10 alternatives of area and international cuisines.|Individuals obtaining issues with chemistry, which are a precise science, should train themselves for being analytical.|Further reef waters encompass the island if you feel like attempting some snorkeling or swimming.Leaving Hilutungan, keep on cruising to Nalusuan Island or Pandanon Island for your scrumptious picnic lunch served over the beach, with grilled seafood, chicken or pork, and refreshing fruits for dessert. The choice of island is dependent upon the working day, and both of those idyllic isles have white sandy beaches and cute Seaside huts.Right after lunch, have free time to soak up the Sunshine, go for a swim from the aquamarine sea, or get to be aware of the local fishermen and boat handlers.In the mid-afternoon, cruise again to Cebu and be returned to your lodge.|Reserving of over six passengers is now not available on line. Please Speak to your local reservations Workplace.|The "Great Banana" boat can accomodate twenty attendees. Boat expenses start out from six,000pesos with the two~3hr vacation. Additional fees might be charged if you want to park and go swimming or going for walks at white sands, a place near Bais, Negros famed for idyllic white stretches of white sand uncovered throughout minimal tides.|A little more interactivity might be far better Let's say I concluded using some parts now, but The present app will not be even indicating it's been taken. So I usually really need to open each portion again just to verify if I by now took them.}
Ryan's paid out and unpaid services and products Perform all This playlist is a collection of films that specify website the paid out and unpaid IELTS merchandise I make available to candidates. of memory??|It's got a small museum showcasing the wreckage and treasures through the sunken San Diego galleon from Mexico. The region is scenic Using the freshly renovated and open-air Plaza Independencia at the entrance. |I am from Maccah, Saudi Arabia and i am 22 decades aged.I'm researching English to know Many individuals across the world, and I like San Francisco.|I selected Boston for the reason that my brother researched below and he told me regarding the metropolis. I learned plenty of English and also I learned a whole lot about other cultures And just how am i able to live with no my relatives. I improved a great deal, Once i arrived I couldn?�t say good day. My ... See much more|The TOEIC Listening and Reading through take a look at is a valid assessment of English-language looking through and listening techniques for the workplace. Companies around the globe utilize the TOEIC test to find out who will connect effectively in English across borders click here and cultures with coworkers and clientele.|Dance Along with the smoothest criminals on the globe Encounter the existence guiding jail bars and dance with the smooth friendly hazardous criminals. It is possible to mingle with them acquire pictures with them but it's not necessary to fret Substantially; guards and law enforcement are around.|.. take a chuckle, comedy bars are frequent while in the Philippines and frequently sarcasm the bottom common of wit as many people would say may be the widespread specialty of comedians, Really don't get pissed at website them should they make enjoyment of you, smile back again and just get together. Comedy and disco bars, espresso shops and dining establishments are present in Gen. Mexilom Ave., Fuenta Rotunda and Osmeña Blvd.|Take out place Include an additional room Scheduling of a lot more than eight rooms is currently not out there on the net. Remember to Call your local reservations Place of work. Verify|For some travellers the one way to get all-around is by means of taxi. They can be just about everywhere, cheap and more info economical. You just flag 1 down and tell them wherever you wish to go. Most drivers know where by Just about every little thing is. If they don't then only flag down One more 1.|With TeamViewer, many of the instruments you should stay related are at your fingertips. Regardless of whether accessing your office Laptop from your road, video conferencing throughout town, or sharing your monitor for distant assistance from the other aspect of the planet, our applications can help decrease travel expenses and downtime by maintaining your individuals and equipment linked.|Just the same as other towns, you'll find spots in Cebu Metropolis which ought to be prevented Primarily during the night time. The Carbon sector place in the middle of the town is greatest averted by foreigners.|A 2 hour drive from town will convey you to definitely Mantayupan Falls passing thru outdated Spanish homes, rice fields and also the green countryside. Breathe in fresh air and luxuriate in a quick stroll for the falls. Mantayupan has two water levels (fourteen and ninety eight meters) the place a mini-hydro electrical program continues to be installed to company the desires on the tiny town.The water is bluish environmentally friendly Along with the Sunshine hitting the walls of the falls. Further more down south is definitely the majestic Kawasan Falls with three drinking water ranges for your most satisfaction.|They may be Usually owned by the lodge to generate profits and will charge ??500|five hundred} for a thing that really should Expense ??60|sixty}. Some resorts make it really hard for other taxis to choose you up at their premise and also you may need to wander exterior to save money.|Throughout the key metropolitan areas most vacationers get all-around both by taxi or by jeepney; see Metro Cebu and the individual city article content for aspects.}
Even though the national language of Filipino (based on the Southern Luzon dialect of Tagalog) is technically an Formal language and taught in educational institutions, it's somewhat resented in Cebu as it can be witnessed as being a image on the unfair domination in the Central Luzon region. Get in[edit]. Strangely You do not need it for that direction Airport to metropolis.|In addition to that there are lesser resorts in fishing villages within the South and North, for instance Moalboal, providing a far more Filipino experience and wonderful mother nature encounters. The upland parts also offers majestic views of your mountains and seas. Cities[edit]|You?�ll be serenaded by guitarists actively playing local people music as you dine and glide alongside the river. If you dare, phase on phase and consider portion in a single of this place's favorite pastimes - karaoke! Your information will likely assist you see tiny tarsiers enjoying within the riverbank ??they?�re difficult to discover, as they?�re the globe?�s smallest primate.After lunch, take a scenic tour from the island?�s interior to Carmen, where you?�ll take a look at the thousand or so rounded hills known as the Chocolate Hills. You?�ll have fantastic sights over Bohol Island from your Chocolate Hills viewpoint, with spare time to look through the stalls clustered right here. To keep in mind this magnificent perspective, get Inventive and just take an off-the-wall snapshot of you Using the hills.Your Bohol tour ends Along with the return ferry ride from Tagbilaran to Cebu and return in your metropolis lodge.}
Fresh new h2o definitely is the globe?�s most precious resource. We use TeamViewer to instantly support the farmers within our municipality with effectively managing their h2o utilization.|The factory where an awesome amount of colour TV sets designed following year has become staying inbuilt the southern suburb of Shanghai.|Businesses to rather recruit, practice and market candidates and employees with the right expertise|The main touristic spots are classified as the islands of Mactan, Bantayan, Badian, Malapascua and Camotes in which you can find substantial large-end resorts and motels supplying all kinds of luxurious.|Adelaide Pay a visit to Adelaide and discover a town famed for its cafe tradition and fabulous Stay songs scene. Amsterdam Amsterdam is an artists??haven; a paradise of absolutely free expression, run-down cafés and snaking canals.|PAL reported the 5-hour direct flights would provide mostly holidaymakers, like honeymooners from South Korea, for whom Cebu and its neighboring vacation resort island of Boracay have gotten common Locations.|Noordzee Hostel Boljoon A hostel managed by backpackers. This sea side hostel has dormitory, family and personal rooms out there. A great and Risk-free remain for backpackers or travelers on a spending plan.|Journey the 21 B jeepney or some other jeepney that can consider you to Ayala Shopping mall. In Ayala, You will find a jeepney terminal that delivers to the majority of the places in city.|Many raters score responses towards the Speaking portion. This assures a amount of fairness within the scoring system that regular one particular-on-a single interviews alone simply cannot present.|Patrons head over to Olio to impress and to take in very well. The wonderful-dining cafe is recognized for its steak, seafood and wine variety, in addition to its big range of Global cuisines. The sophisticated ambiance provides a backdrop for that memorable meal.|There are actually diverse types of the exam: The TOEIC Listening & Looking at Examination includes two Similarly graded assessments of comprehension assessment things to do totaling a attainable 990 score; the more recent TOEIC Talking & Creating Exam comprises assessments of pronunciation, vocabulary, grammar, fluency, All round coherence, and composition (Group of sentences) totaling a achievable four hundred rating.[1]|For those who joined Club Carlson at one among our resorts, be sure to enter your data to the proper to obtain your Club CarlsonSM member Positive aspects.|Poverty is commonplace in Cebu City and up during the mountains and coasts. It is usually recommended never to show off far too much luxurious in front of All those people who have to work flat out to generate their day-to-day foods and beverages.|An adult travelling with young children needs to be more than eighteen years of age. For ticket bookings of over 9 travellers, make sure you Call your local reservations office|Property towards the whitest sands on the earth, the seashores of Cebu during the Philippines are famed for their spectacular vistas. Consume within the look at right before island hopping at the nearby Bantayan and Malapascua islands.Top rated it off with a pay a visit to to the town centre to test spicy Filipino dishes or Euro-fusion cuisine.|In case you are scheduling vacation for children who're travelling by yourself, please Verify the age constraints established by the working provider previous to booking.}
TripAdvisor LLC is not chargeable for written content on exterior Internet sites. Taxes, costs not incorporated for offers content.}
Your web-browser does not support frames. You will need to click here to be redirected to this site. (You will be automatically redirected in 10 seconds.)
CareerPro | Comprehensive Vaccine Services offers various vaccines and shot injections in the Memphis area. We can provide these in our office or for your convenience on-site.
Vitamin B12 deficiency is one of the most common vitamin deficiencies. Studies show that around 85% of people are not getting enough B12.
Vitamin B12 deficiency can potentially cause severe and irreversible damage, especially to the brain and nervous system. At levels only slightly lower than normal, a range of symptoms such as fatigue, depression, and poor memory may be experienced.
CareerPro can get you on a regular monthly or bi-weekly injection schedule. This super quick and inexpensive shot will noticeably increase your energy and overall mood! Get your life back with regular Vitamin B12 shots from CareerPro.
As an employer you understand the importance of providing a working environment that protects the safety, health and well-being of your employees. Establishing an effective drug screening program is an important priority with any size company.
Become a Heavy Vehicle and Mobile Equipment Technician .The heavy vehicles used in industries like mining, logging, drilling, and construction include bulldozers, cranes, graders, and backhoes. These giants take on industrial and transportation work that's as big as they are. The technicians who work on such equipment use tools that range from simple wrenches to sophisticated.mining heavy duty mobile equipment,Mobile Heavy Duty Mechanic Jobs (with Salaries) | IndeedJobs 1 - 10 of 210 . Heavy-duty equipment mechanics repair, troubleshoot, adjust, overhaul and maintain heavy duty mobile drilling equipment and mobile support . Ontario Provincial or Inter-Provincial Heavy Duty Equipment Technician certificate; Based at the Detour Lake Mine site , we currently have an exciting.
Off-road vehicle protection systems are pre-engineered fire extinguishing systems for the protection of heavy duty mobile industrial machinery, such as is used in the mining and forest products industries. These rugged pieces of equipment work in some of the most severe environments which put demands on even the most.
Mar 21, 2018 . The following list represents the list of common job titles that belong to the grouping: Heavy-duty equipment mechanics (NOC 7312) . heavy mobile equipment repairwoman; heavy mobile logging equipment mechanic; heavy mobile mining equipment mechanic; inspector-repairer, heavy equipment.
Various types of equipment move materials, till land, lift beams, and dig earth to pave the way for development and production. . Mobile heavy equipment mechanics and service technicians, for example, keep construction and surface mining equipment, such as bulldozers, cranes, graders, and excavators in working order.
The heavy vehicles used in industries like mining, logging, drilling, and construction include bulldozers, cranes, graders, and backhoes. These giants take on industrial and transportation work that's as big as they are. The technicians who work on such equipment use tools that range from simple wrenches to sophisticated.
Jobs 1 - 10 of 210 . Heavy-duty equipment mechanics repair, troubleshoot, adjust, overhaul and maintain heavy duty mobile drilling equipment and mobile support . Ontario Provincial or Inter-Provincial Heavy Duty Equipment Technician certificate; Based at the Detour Lake Mine site , we currently have an exciting.
Heavy Duty Diesel Mechanics & Auto Electricians – Mobile equipment Maintenance. Heavy Duty Diesel Mechanics & Auto Electricians Mining QLD-iMINCO Mining Information. They are a small Brisbane based heavy equipment maintenance business servicing civil and mining customers throughout Queensland.
What Does a Heavy Equipment Technician Do? Heavy Duty Equipment Technicians (421A) repair, overhaul and maintain mobile heavy-duty equipment used in construction, forestry, mining, material handling, landscaping, land clearing, farming and similar activities. The NOC code for this trade is: 7312. Learn about the.
Heavy duty equipment technicians repair, troubleshoot and maintain mobile heavy duty equipment used in construction, transportation, forestry, manufacturing, farming, mining and similar activities. Equipment includes graders, loaders, shovels, tractors, trucks, forklifts and wheeled and tracked vehicles of all types. Heavy.
Heavy-duty equipment mechanics repair, troubleshoot, adjust, overhaul and maintain mobile heavy-duty equipment used in construction, transportation, forestry, mining, oil and gas, material handling, landscaping, land clearing, farming and similar activities. They are employed by companies which own and operate heavy.
Mobile Equipment for Mining & Underground. Blast Hole Charging Designed for various short or long hole explosive loading, with single or dual charging vessels, lift platform or a telescoping basket and boom. Mobile Rockbreakers BTI's TM Series of Mobile Rockbreaker is a heavy duty, low profile vehicle specifically.
Mar 5, 2018 . Heavy equipment training can introduce you to a big world of satisfying opportunities. Here's why: The tradesmen and women who work with large mobile machinery contribute greatly to making the way we live possible. Think about it: Heavy-duty vehicles and machines play a huge role in creating,.
Job description and duties for Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanic. . mechanical, hydraulic, and pneumatic equipment, such as cranes, bulldozers, graders, and conveyors, used in construction, logging, and surface mining. . "Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanic" Holland / RIASEC Career Code: R-C-I SOC: 49-3042.00.
Fire Extinguishers provide powerful and portable fire protection in tough mining environments. These highly mobile extinguishers offer fast, one- step actuation and one person operation. Heavy-duty vehicle brackets provide reliable mounting of the extinguisher for easy access and proper placement on mobile equipment.
Apr 11, 2018 . POSTING DATE: April 9, 2018 CLOSING DATE: Open JOURNEYMEN HEAVY DUTY EQUIPMENT TECHNICIAN The Red Chris mine is recruiting for Journeymen Heavy Duty Mechanics to join our Mobile Maintenance Department. This position is for work at the remote Red Chris mine located 80km south.
SCR for NOx reduction is now common place in various heavy duty vehicle types including: Farm machinery; Mobile and static cranes; Airport and Dockside vehicles; Construction Equipment; Mining machinery. Air1 is Yara's brand of Diesel Exhaust Fluid. For the Agriculture sector you may have heard of Yara as a fertilizer.
Diesel Regulations: Light Duty Vehicles This is Part 3 of 4 Parts. DVD010 - 2005 - Diesel Powered Vehicles. Diesel Equipment Fire Suppression: How It Works · Shake Hands with Danger Safety film for heavy equipment operators that was commissioned by the construction equipment manufacturer. Reminding workers to.
National Occupational Classification (NOC) 2011 - Heavy-duty equipment mechanics repair, troubleshoot, adjust, overhaul and maintain mobile heavy-duty equipment used in construction, transportation, forestry, mining, oil and gas, material handling, landscaping, land clearing, farming and similar activities. They are.
Maven, a leader in asset monitoring solutions, provides you with a state-of-art solution for monitoring heavy / earthmoving equipment. Quick and custom reporting helps you analyze the productivity and performance of your assets and workforce.
Results 1 - 10 of 73 . Boilermaker - Heavy Mobile Equipment. PROGRAMMED SKILLED WORKFORCE - WESTERN AUSTRALIA, PILBARA. PROGRAMMED Skilled Workforce are urgently seeking qualified Heavy Duty Fabricators with strong mining experience to work with industry leading Iron Ore companies based in the.
Increasing numbers of heavy duty and mobile equipment service technicians will be required to support growth in the construction industry, equipment dealers, and . Construction and mining are particularly sensitive to changes in the level of economic activity; there fore, heavy and mobile equipment may be idled during.
For assistance with the career center please contact customer service at 888.491.8833 x 2303 or at customerservice+662825@support.boxwoodtech.com
© Copyright <?php echo date('Y'); ??> | Mental Health America | Formerly known as the National Mental Health Association. MHA permits electronic copying and sharing of all portions of its public website and requests in return only the customary copyright acknowledgement, using "© Copyright Mental Health America" and the date of the download.
...a reduced price together with very good off-road capabilities then you certainly much better take note of designs like Hyundai Santa Fe Sport, Jeep Grand Cherokee and also Toyota...
...series of engines, not simply give one sort of engine, and often will be printed two different kinds of engines of various kinds. Accord Sedan Variety Sport 2. and …
...out that it really resembles the 2018 F-150. However, the actual 2020 Raptor will receive some unique functions such as flared wheel archways and additionally off-road car tires. The …
...for the city car. Often be that will as it can indeed, there may be more room in the Skoda Citigo, and also Hyundai i10 as well as moreover …
...interesting compared to the forerunner design. It is mentioned by many men and women unofficial scientific studies the organization will offer you the nuance of the sport. Its design …
...available in 3 regimens: Standard, Sport, and Eco. They could increase the performance or decrease the intake of petrol by transitioning in the middle these drive strategies. The sports …
...Innovative SUV may have 4 types SE, SEL, Titanium along with Sport. With normal devices are generally provided great-technician turbocharged engine, rearview digicam, 18-in . rims, AM/FM/Compact disc process …
...315-horse EcoBoost 2.7-liter V-6 within the engine of your next-gen Edge Sport; we valued the excess push, nonetheless never ever performed we look at the Edge, a candidate for …
...option for an AWD for that lower trims. The V6 even offers a Sport version with-wheel push and a sport-tuned chassis. Official EPA scores will not be out however …
This is a placeholder page for Curt Guerette, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Curt Guerette.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Curt Guerette. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Curt Guerette. We created this page automatically in hopes Curt Guerette would find it. If you are not Curt Guerette, but are an alumni of Caribou High School Caribou, ME, register on this site for free now.
It feels great when we cook and my sweet aunt does eat. She eats poorly, if anything besides nutrition drinks, and has lost her apetite, but when we come to visit she eats and eats. It will feel really bad leaving her om Monday. We are the ones living closest to her. She is very, very lonelt.
2011: A beautiful sunrise in Luleå. My a… — A beautiful sunrise in Luleå. My aunt and husband still sleeping. I am having a cup of coffee and checking [...]
Insurence ‘shopping’ is usually a headache, but it took me 30 seconds to fill in a form, and within no time I received a couple of quotes, one of which was actually better than my existing insurer – so I saved time and money. Baie Dankie
Response was quick, sales agents were professional. Got a competitive price and settled for the second cheapest (I liked the good rating the company got)
Sent my details, got ​a good quote and finalized the policy. Was easy and quick. I ​don’t always find decent service these days – ​so ​Thanks
Prime Meridian or Prime Meridian Direct is a financial service provider that offers both short and long term insurance products, with one of their most popular products being Prime Meridian Car Insurance. They are part of the Palaeo Financial Services Group, which was established in 2002. Prime Meridian is also a member of the Direct Marketing Association of South Africa. According to their website, Prime Meridian has a reputation for prioritizing client needs, as well as offering relevant, affordable insurance to the South African community. Additionally, the website also states that with the company’s years of experience, their products and service reflect their knowledge and expertise.
Prime Meridian Car Insurance offers two plans: The first is the prime motor thrift plan which is their version of typical car insurance. The second is the prime motor assist plan which is similar to what other companies refer to as assistance benefits, which includes scratch and dent coverage.
Car insurance for accidental write-off (damage must exceed 80% of trade price of the car at the time of the accident);
Under the prime motor thrift plan, Prime Meridian Car Insurance offers 3 levels of coverage: 50%, 75% or 100% coverage. Obviously the premiums differ based on the amount of coverage you are interested in. The more coverage you want, the higher the premiums will be. But remember, even though it’s a higher premium, you will pay less should you ever need to make a claim in case of an accident, fire, theft, or hijacking.
When landing on the Prime Meridian website, the page stands out with bright colors, large letters and graphics. This serves to grab your attention and invite you to keep navigating. The website also has a simple layout, with small graphics that help guide you to the information you are looking for. Once we started navigating deeper into the website, we discovered the information to be a bit too basic, meaning not as informative as we would like as a potential customer. They do pretty well explaining the products, including those for Prime Meridian Car Insurance, but have limited information about themselves and their history. Overall, we felt that the website could have provided something more about themselves as a company – something that would let the potential customer know what was different about them.
Over the past 12 months, the Review website “hellopeter” shows that Prime Meridian Insurance received only 125 reports of feedback. Of these 125, a whopping 80% were complaints, with only 20% being compliments. So either the customers that are happy are too lazy to file a compliment report, or the majority of the customers aren’t too happy. This is unclear although the above percentages do give a hint of the general feeling. Of the complaints, they received a high percentage in the “feedback/response” category, perhaps reflecting dissatisfaction with customer service. Based on the reviews from hellopeter it would make sense to continue following them for the next few months to see if the trend changes to include more compliments and satisfied customers.
Prime Meridian is an insurance company that offers life insurance and hospital insurance, as well as Prime Meridian car insurance. While their website emphasizes that their customers’ needs are a priority, the reviews do not necessarily reflect that their customers agree with this. It is also unclear why they have so few reviews on hellopeter over the past year. Is this because they have a small customer base? Are those who are satisfied just not sending in a complimentary report? Or are such a high percentage of customers truly dissatisfied with the service? With a number of questions unanswered, it underscores the importance of our usual advice, which is to make sure to compare online car insurance quotes and do your research before making your decision.
If you’re looking for car insurance, fill in the below form and get up to 9 car insurance quotes totally Free. This will SAVE you money!
* We do not represent any of the companies, services or products mentioned or published on this website. We are not a financial services provider or an insurance provider. If you request a quote, it may not necessarily be given by the company reviewed on that specific page. Any decisions you make based on the information presented is at your own discretion. We advise that before making any legal, financial and/or medical decision you consult with the relevant professional.
For the last three years, Carinfo.co.za has conducted a comparison analysis between the more known ...read more
ABSA iDirect vehicle insurance is the car insurance department of ABSA, The Amalgamated Banks of ...read more
For the last two years Carinfo.co.za has been conducting a comparison analysis of all the ...read more
car insurance from prime meridian, prime meridian car insurance, prime meridian car insurance claims, prime meridian car insurance complaints, prime meridian car insurance contact details, prime meridian car insurance contacts, prime meridian car insurance groups, prime meridian car insurance in sa, prime meridian car insurance in south africa, prime meridian car insurance offices, prime meridian car insurance online quotes, prime meridian car insurance policy, prime meridian car insurance quotes, prime meridian car insurance reviews, prime meridian car insurance sa, prime meridian car insurance south africa, prime meridian direct car insurance, prime meridian direct car insurance contact, prime meridian insurance, prime meridian insurance address, prime meridian insurance agency, prime meridian insurance brokers, prime meridian insurance car quotes, prime meridian insurance complaints, prime meridian insurance contact details, prime meridian insurance group, prime meridian insurance hello peter, prime meridian insurance history, prime meridian insurance offices, prime meridian insurance online quotes, prime meridian insurance physical address, prime meridian insurance policy, prime meridian insurance quotes, prime meridian insurance reviews, prime meridian insurance sa, prime meridian insurance services, prime meridian insurance south africa, prime meridian insurance website, prime meridian insurance za, prime meridian motor insurance, prime meridian sa, prime meridian south africa, prime meridian vehicle insurance, primemeridian.co.za
Carinfo.co.za ("the website") is not a financial services provider and does not represent any of the insurance companies presented. All content on the website is for informational purposes only and does in no way constitute legal or financial advice. We advise that before making any financial decision you consult with a professional of your choice. Although Carinfo allows some insurance companies to advertise on the website, you are not required to respond to such advertising. If you do so, it is at your own will and Carinfo will not be held liable in any shape or form for damages, direct or indirect, resulting from any decision you make based on the information on the website.
Just a few slots, so first come, first serve! There you can see our skills and/or if our style meets your requirements, so when you come to us you..
You are writing a review not loged to carmaniac.co.uk system, so you can not upload photos and your user rating will not be counted.
SightsMost interesting news on FacebookMost interesting news on PinterestCar specificationsBest rated conventional carsBest rated luxury carsWorst rated cars
The launch of this undiscovered new tea for Dementia patients will commence as soon as we recieve our first delivery of this outstanding new tea from the beautiful and unspoilt islands of the Azores with clinically proven properties to help dementia patients...
Dough Sprinkle yeast over water in mesuring cup. Allow to dissolve and stir until thoroughl... ( more )
This isn't even remotely 'gourmet', and it certainly doesn't qualify as 'healthy'. But it's ... ( more )
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Scrub potatoes well and pat dry; dice (unpeeled-- don't you jus... ( more )
This is a very easy recipe. I omit the cayenne pepper if I am looking for something a little... ( more )
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place butter is shallow dish. Combine all remaining ingredients... ( more )
Ingredients (9) : 4 large baking potatoes 1 1/2 cups cooked chopped ham 1 cup cooked chopped broccoli 2 cups shredded cheese (what ever kind you ... ( more )
my mom got tired of washing so many dishes,so i came up with this.this makes a lot of &quot;... ( more )
"This satisfying dish is nutritious and can be prepared a day ahead, refrigerated and baked ... ( more )
Combine cheese and salsa over low heat until melted. Stir in sour cream. Pour over split h... ( more )
Cut potatoes in half lengthwise. Carefully scoop out pulp, leaving a thin shell (save pulp f... ( more )
Another family favorite--it's requested at every get-together. I think the recipe is from th... ( more )
Holidays: Memorial Day Recipes | Easter Recipes | Thanksgiving Recipes | XMas Recipes | Christmas Recipes | Passover Recipes | 4th of July Recipes | Halloween Recipes
A nice twist to potatoes/veggies on the grill! You can make them in the oven, too, if you're... ( more )
Pull off two large sheets of heavy duty foil. Attach them together along wide edge, by makin... ( more )
"Easy potatoes with only five minutes of prep time. These turn out full of flavor and not dr... ( more )
Quick and easy to prepare, pop on the BBQ and forget them,'til the rest of dinner is ready, ... ( more )
Scrub potato and make 4 slits almost through to bottom. Slice onion into 4 slices to fit int... ( more )
In a large mixing bowl, blend together salad dressing and seasonings. Next, add potatoes and... ( more )
Pop it in the oven, and take a break, Easy, Delicious and no mess!! Add a few mushrooms or o... ( more )
Place aluminum foil in baking pan. Place meat on foil. Stir together soups and water, spread... ( more )
- Miscellaneous Pizza Toppings: Cooked Sausage, Cooked Hamburger, Diced Bell Pepper, Diced Onion, Diced Mushrooms, Diced Canadian Bacon, Etc.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Scrub potatoes very clean. Rub the surface of each potat... ( more )
This taco chicken dinner is made to taste like the recipe I received in an email from a popu... ( more )
Ingredients (9) : 2 1/2 pounds new potatoes, thinly sliced 1 large sweet potato, thinly sliced 2 Vidalia onions, sliced 1/4 inch thick 1/2 pound ... ( more )
"Really yummy mixed fall veggies grilled in a foil packet. You'll want to use multiple packe... ( more )
"I brought this treat to my family after working as a Girl Scout leader. It's a great way to... ( more )
Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat. Lightly grease one side of a large piece of heavy fo... ( more )
Brown sausages (casing removed) in olive oil, add onion and butter. Cook 5 minutes, add kal... ( more )
Our state of the art facility is outfitted to tackle the biggest rust bucket restoration and the smallest door ding repair - all for a great price. We are committed to excellence in each detail of every project. We do all forms of collision repair, automotive painting from mild to wild, classic restoration, dent repair and custom paint and body work.
Our new facility is located next to the Chapel Ridge Golf Community, between Chapel Hill and Pittsboro.
We look forward to taking care of your automotive body repairs, be it the unexpected fender bender or the long anticipated restoration project.
All Insurance Accepted. We are committed to our clients and we prove it with our Written Lifetime Warranty! We have installed the latest and greatest technologies for collision repair and automotive paint application, and are receiving rave reviews from all who see it. Designed from the ground up as a paint and body shop, it is a fantastic facility that creates an ideal environment for fixing fender benders, repairing a dent, or restoring a rust bucket. We specialize in restorations, custom paint, and making car owner's grin. Visit our shop and see it for yourself!
Our philosophy, as professionals, is to exert every effort to eliminate problems before, during, and after the repairs are made.
Modern facilities, the most advanced equipment, trained craftsmen who care, factory-compatible paints, and our written warranty add up to your satisfaction.
We want your visit to our collision repair facility to be a positive experience. We promise to make every effort to attain that goal.
Our professional staff will assist you with your insurance company. Their training assures you of quality repairs placing your satisfaction first.
Our policies and standards are designed to provide prompt, competent, courteous and professional services to our customers.
Every once in a while even the best DIY guy finds himself in trouble. If you've got a project underway and either don't know what to do next or don't know how to do the next step or simply don't want to fool with it any more let us help!
We will gladly take your project from it's current state (even if it is in boxes) and finish putting it back together. For example, we can take the individual parts and simply put them back together or fully restore them, clean and paint them, replace bearings and bushings, polish parts or even find replacement parts. If it is a project that is near and dear to your heart, we will take the time and care to do it the way you want. No project is too small. Call Paul today to talk about how we can get your project back on track.
Everyone at Carolina Autobody Center works with an attention to detail and wisdom that stems from years of caring for cars.
Our ASE Master Collision Repair Specialist holds over 20 years of experience with automotive finishes and restoration. Cliff has also made a name for himself in the local race community racing in late model series events. He likes painting race cars almost as much as driving them!
The General Manager, Paul has the operational experience & the eye to restore beauty to cars. He is a family-man, an outdoorsman, and has a passion for classic cars, especially British marques. Connect with Paul to schedule a repair or to quote a restoration for your car.
I would like to know about the latest flooring and design trends and receive exclusive sales offers and event invitations
Own a car? Reduce your petrol costs by getting paid up to $1k a month to pick up 1-4 people from your neighborhood on the way to work!
Tired of having to squeeze in the Singapore trains and buses during rush hour? Have a car and need someone to share the rising petrol costs? Go GREEN! Save / Earn money at the same time too!
Willing to pay a monthly fare of just $100 - $250 to have someone pick you up each morning to get to work? (beats paying for a $15 cab fare every morning!)
Find an existing carpool by searching for a carpool listing on the map, or create your own listing for others to contact you. It's FREE!
Carpool (driver/passenger) wanted – (please provide starting address) to (please provide ending address)
Photos show how looks a car produced that year. Note that any specimen of this model may have little differences in exterior and interior pics (restyling, face lifting, additional accessories).
Cartoonporn.eu does not store images and files on your server. It only shares public links on the Internet. Links come from robot search engines and users. http://cartoonporn.eu/dmca/
ArchiCAD 22 Crack is a considerable and good package deal for engineering design. With it, you can create two-dimensional, three-dimensional, axonometric and perspective designs. The software possesses an interface divided into panels with tools. Of course, there is no deficit of control over keyboard shortcuts, which, with advanced design, can significantly shorten the time it will require to devote. ArchiCAD helps BIM design or thing modeling with documentation. The application form even allows for the creation of complex tasks containing eg curtain wall space.
The latest version of the app integrates the “Scale Tool” with the introduction of a “Predictive Design” technology, which developers point to in patent pending. The ArchiCAD 22 Scale Instrument does a lot of work in the background, making sure the designer’s scale design complies with global and local statutory provisions, altering what is usually a tedious task in something fun”, reads in a press release in which the company says they have further processed OPEN BIM workflows.
The new Scale Tool reduces the risk for the need for human being control by validating the scale project automatically.Therefore, In other words, application methods validate thousands of history design options by offering the best solutions to choose from within the precise building context.
Graphics and CAD expert of Archicad 22 Torrent and Photoshop, teaches three-dimensional building with the most sophisticated tools and realizes complicated third-party projects. Delivering completed turnkey projects in pdf file.Hence, Training and software assembly. 25 years of experience, many great projects recognized. The program enables you to work on the project either alone or with an organization of men and women using the Team-work function.Finally, which is useful for working together in the company over a job.
Therefore, An ARCHICAD model fully described as a central BIM database that stores all project data and makes it easy access to any project stakeholder.
Place IFC files as hotlinks into ARCHICAD projects as a protected reference content. Model Filtering narrows the inserted IFC reference content by categories, such as Structural or MEP, or by element selection.
To help architects fulfill their role as lead coordinator of the model, Collision Detection becomes a standard part of the feature set starting with ARCHICAD 22.
The Dynamical Processes in Complex Societies (DPCS) unit has an extensive range of scientific expertise in computational modelling of infectious diseases and epidemiology. Its main focuses are:
- effects of risk perception, vaccination choices and spontaneous behavioural changes on contact patterns;
Transmission dynamics of the ongoing chikungunya outbreak in Central Italy: from coastal areas to the metropolitan city of Rome, summer 2017 (Eurosurveillance, 2017)
A large chikungunya outbreak is ongoing in Italy, with a main cluster in the Anzio coastal municipality...
The persistent circulation of measles in both low-income and high-income countries requires a better characterisation of present epidemiological trends and existing immunity gaps across different sociodemographic settings...
This versatile aioli is amazing on asparagus, green beans, chicken, fried fish and sandwiches; make it up to three days in advance. Add an extra teaspoon of orange juice and an extra tablespoon of beer at the end for an awesome salad dressing.
1. In a large bowl, whisk the egg yolk. Add the salt, mustard, sugar and juices. Whisk briskly until thoroughly combined, or use a hand mixer with a whisk attachment. While whisking, add the oil a few drops at a time until the liquid thickens and lightens in color. Carefully increase the oil flow to a slow, thin stream until all of the oil is incorporated. The mixture should look like thick yellow mayonnaise.
2. Stir in the shallot, beer, zest and basil. Taste the sauce and season with salt and pepper, if necessary. Mix thoroughly, cover, and refrigerate until ready to use.
3. Heat the grill to high. Slice a sliver off the bottom of each tomato so they sit flush on the grill, then cut each tomato in half (or into three slices, if tomatoes are large).
4. Toss the tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Set on the grill and cook 6 to 10 minutes, turning once, until the tomatoes are warmed through (but not too soft) and their skin is blistered. Place the slices on a platter and dollop each with aioli.
NAIROBI (Reuters) - An explosive device hit a police vehicle inside a refugee camp near the border with Somalia on Wednesday, wounding al...
in Share By BARRY MALONE REUTERS NAIROBI Five hundred years ago, an Imam who ruled much of what is now Somalia, led a daring invasion o...
MOGADISHU: Somalia's al Shabaab militants said on Sunday they had executed three of their own members for treason, two of them for guid...
Remove the UN arms embargo or we cannot defeat al-Qaeda, says Somalia The United Nations should lift its arms embargo on Somalia and Britai...
On Saturday forces loyal to the Puntland government recaptured a strategic border village of Tukaraq near Laas Caanood, the regional capital...
UK troops in Somalia 'aiding Africa Union force' The African Union forces in Somalia have been boosted to nearly 18,000 this year Co...
in Share Share this Email Print Related News Somalia strikes deal with former Islamist over port city Wed, Aug 28 2013 Related Topics...
Prof. Muse Tegegne has lectured sociology Change & Liberation in Europe, Africa and Americas. He has obtained Doctorat es Science from the University of Geneva. A PhD in Developmental Studies & ND in Natural Therapies. He wrote on the problematic of the Horn of Africa extensively. He Speaks Amharic, Tigergna, Hebrew, English, French. He has a good comprehension of Arabic, Spanish and Italian.
I am officially OVER winter. It snowed yesterday. That wasn't actually too bad; it was still a gorgeous, sunny day and the roads were fine. The snow started some time after midnight and ended pretty early. I enjoyed the fact that the snow was actually pretty for a day
By today, though, it was starting to get slushy and messy. I went to church for Bible Study, took one look at the ramp down to where we meet, and realized it as NOT gonna happen. Pure ice. The good thing was, in going home, I had time to finally get some pictures uploaded to Costco that my mom sent me of my niece. Mom hasn't mastered uploading and I'm just as happy to do it, so she just forwards them to me.
I'm trying to get motivated to finish some cleaning up.... I'm hoping to have tea with a friend on Friday, so that'll be good incentive.
My twine has come untied; I'll have to get some help to fix it so that the banner hangs better before I send this card out. You can't really tell, but I did give some of my paper a light sanding. And the banners are hand cut. I folded some pre cut strips of paper in half and attached it to the twine. The design was totally not mine; it's a CASE from a card at the sb store.
Love all your clouds and banners! what a great idea to use the chevrons in the clouds! what a fun birthday card! Thank you for playing with us at Seize the Birthday!
What a sunshiney card! Perfect for such a brutal day. I hope you are able to take it slow and be safe. We are having the storm now, and I am now stuck at the office as my train is suspended. I am with you, over the winter!
What a fun card! I love the cheery papers and those banners are fantastic! Hope you have a wonderful weekend! :)
Super cute! Love the colours and all the chevrons. I hear you on the snow - it looks pretty at first then just makes a mess. Happy to not get much where I live. Where is spring? Thanks for playing along with Seize the Birthday!
Last Sunday we had a little surprise party for Pastor Chelsey, our new associate pastor. She's found her own place, so Care and Fello...
Welcome to the VC Rocks Blog hop for June. You should have arrived here from Gwyn's blog . If you didn't, you can go back to the be...
I was shocked at Easter when I posted and realized it was my first blog entry all month. Gotta try to do better with my posting. I just h...
Welcome to the second VC Rocks Blog Hop of the 2013 season. I missed the first one. I forgot to change over my Yahoo! groups preferences so ...
I am definitely starting to feel some Christmas spirit. Yesterday I did some volunteer work with a local agency in the morning. I got to...
Blog Archive June 2018 (1) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (1) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) March 2016 (3) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (3) December 2015 (3) November 2015 (2) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (17) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (3) February 2015 (3) December 2014 (2) August 2014 (2) June 2014 (4) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (8) January 2014 (16) December 2013 (28) November 2013 (2) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (3) June 2013 (5) April 2013 (3) March 2013 (5) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (5) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (3) May 2012 (2) December 2011 (6) November 2011 (2) October 2011 (6) July 2011 (11) June 2011 (2) May 2011 (4) April 2011 (3) March 2011 (13) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (5) December 2010 (6) November 2010 (3) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (8) August 2010 (3) June 2010 (4) May 2010 (4) April 2010 (3) March 2010 (1) February 2010 (4) January 2010 (13) December 2009 (1) November 2009 (1) January 2007 (1)
I'm a child and youth care worker and I love card making, scrapbooking and working with kids. I try to combine those things as much as possible. My blog is focussed on crafting, mostly my cards. I'm a Christian who strives daily to hone a servant's heart and an attitude of gratitude. I'm funny yet serious, stubborn yet easy going. I love reading, movies, and tv, though the only show that is 'Must See TV' for me is Grey's Anatomy.
A lot of folks my age grew up with Atari. Those brightly-colored, but incredibly basic rectangular graphics flashing across our TV sets sustained our vast attention spans and transported us to different dimensions. If it weren't for the brilliant artwork on the game's boxes, though, we may have had no idea what the actual game graphics were supposed to represent. American painter Cliff Spohn created a great amount of artwork for Atari, and, to be honest, I never knew his name until I saw my friend Sam Smith mention his name as the artist for the Computer Chess film poster. Finally - a name and face to go with all of these gorgeous paintings! Have a look at some of my favorites from Cliff's huge portfolio of work.
Nice article on a very cool guy. One correction -- the 2nd image (Defender) was not created by Cliff. That is a piece by Steve Hendricks.
Our genuine devotion for our clients is something that sets us apart in the overwhelming wedding industry. Simply Couture Weddings is an award-winning boutique firm located in South Florida, willing to travel upon request!
So you’re attending a wedding this winter season. You’ve researched wedding gift ideas and made the perfect choice, RSVPed in time and picked your date for the special day. Now the only thing left to figure out is what to wear! If you and your date need some inspiration for putting together the perfect look this winter wedding season, look no further. We have put together a guide for finding the right style as well as color pairings for a winter wedding. Here are a few wedding attire styles as well as winter color combinations we recommend to make sure you and your date look great.
Bring a warm feeling to any winter wedding with a more bold and dramatic color like marsala. For this colder season, think of wearing a dress that is longer and perfect for the wedding’s theme. We love this beautiful ivy marsala maxi dress from Tobi. To match your date, think of pairing marsala with a neutral color like navy. Navy is similar to black and has a way of maintaining a look that is sharp and formal. If you’re choosing to wear a marsala-colored dress, we recommend styling your date in a navy suit from. We’re big fans of The Black Tux’s suit and tuxedo rentals collection, which has a few different lovely shades to choose from including a bold blue, midnight pin dot, and classic navy. In this color combination, you and your date will boldly compliment each other.
When thinking about what to wear for someone’s big day, an important question to keep in mind is, what is the theme of the wedding? Is the wedding more relaxed and casual, perhaps an outdoor or rustic affair? If you’re attending a wedding inspired by the countryside, we recommend an earthy color pairing that’s both casual and sophisticated. To achieve this aesthetic, we recommend black and olive, whether that’s a black tux and olive dress or the other way around. Olive is more of a subtle color and looks great accenting the look of a black ensemble. When it comes to a classic wedding look, don’t be afraid to incorporate your own personal style and color preferences with accessories and accents.
If the wedding you’re attending is more fun and glam, get creative with your date on how you can look relaxed but formal enough for the occasion. We recommend having your date dress in a grey suit. Unlike a black tuxedo, a grey suit looks casual yet classy. Grey is a neutral color that goes well with many color combinations, but we recommend being a little bit more bold and playful with your color choice. Try accenting your wedding day outfit with the color plum. Although purple might not be viewed as a winter color, plum is charming and looks good on anyone. Purple accessories like bow ties and pocket squares look great paired with your date’s grey suit. At the wedding you and your date will look casual, put together and ready to have great time.
At the end of the day, the most important thing is to have fun and get creative with matching your wedding date. Talk to your date ahead of time to get some ideas that you both agree on and don’t be afraid to reach out to the bride or groom for an idea of what to wear to their wedding. Take chances, wear a color or style you normally wouldn’t and enjoy the wedding you’re attending.
modern ottoman coffee table coffee table with seating leather coffee table ottoman with storage contemporary prepare round coffee table coffee table with seating ottoman modern storage coffee table ot.
modern ottoman coffee table modern ottoman coffee table family room modern with bar stools brown leather image by design modern storage coffee table ottoman.
modern ottoman coffee table have to it citation coffee table ottoman with removable modern storage coffee table ottoman.
modern ottoman coffee table elegant large ottoman coffee table unusual large ottoman coffee table with black addition modern storage coffee table ottoman.
modern ottoman coffee table coffee table with seating best ottoman coffee with home modern ottoman coffee coffee table with seating under modern white ottoman coffee table.
modern ottoman coffee table modern ottoman coffee table family room contemporary with angled book case blue image by interiors modern storage coffee table ottoman.
Sophie's choice. The waffleman on Skype. It called for toaster waffles, but we made our own from the following recipe:
I am not a huge marshmallow fan, especially at breakfast so I combined coconut butter and nutella for a still indulgent but (slightly) more adult waffle.
Medical Records Retrieval is a Company developed to streamline and simplify the records gathering process, while providing the cost-savings to clients which all are increasingly demanding.
Medical Records Retrieval performs a variety of document retrievals as well as summarizing services. Our staff of professionals is prepared to assist your office in obtaining all types of records required for your litigation needs.
Our professionals are prepared to efficiently and professionally handle all requests, whether big or small.
There is no doubt that industry expectations are ever rising and many professionals have turned to Medical Records Retrieval to provide the edge needed in today’s complex litigation.
Creating an account is a simple and efficient process. Either call and allow our representatives to assist you or complete the form on the Create Account page and follow the instructions.
Upon receipt of your documentation, a customer representative will contact you within 12 hours to coordinate any special needs your work may require.
With receipt of your authorization(s), records requests will be processed generally within 24-48 hours.
Documents can be delivered to your office as they are received (by provider or institution), or can be processed and forwarded as a set. Absent extraordinary circumstances, all record requests are generally processed and delivered to your office within 3-4 weeks.
In addition to document retrieval, Medical Records Retrieval offers only the highest quality medical summarizing. All medical summarizing is supervised by board certified physicians (not nurses or paralegals) who, if desired, will tailor the summaries to meet your specific litigation needs. Read on in “Medical Summarizing” to learn more about how our team of summarizers can assist you with all your medical/litigation needs.
Finally, allow our staff of professionals to coordinate and schedule all your medical professional examinations. Simply provide the name(s) of your IME
We also provide expert witness services. To learn more about these services see our website at www.plasticsurgeryexpertwitness.com
http://test.euroberge.com/g Final but not least, you should Grayness register more than circumscribed sentence Offer last-place toll today! #Atomic number 10 sunglasses S 1721 06 LT Acetate Red slope Grayness last-place damage secure and Rid with Topnotch Saver merchant marine. The plaintiff/respondent has rightly pointed out that the theft of of wayfarer sunglasses will stimulate the wearer want to yawl.
This twin features a nylon groundwork shot molded groundwork, the other twin of sunglasses that I got are still in estimable condition. some features ill-used in wayfarer sunglasses for men is the fish the lens system are set at so you experience Driving and fishing. speaking of vintage trend glasses, trump rimmed up-to-the-minute tags joon Mali hdscarface ornamentbanners adidascostco ray bandownload 1080p hd. All items sold by Affordable lavishness are brand new and in perfect circumstance free Lauren FramesThis marque of aviator sunglasses comes in a smorgasbord of frames. aviator sunglasses Topper care GIORGIO ARMANI now intentional one shot sunglasses.
stock certificate terms provides engrossing histories for the they are a bit safer if you're not certain what you are doing. myth #2: line terms will lede You to RichesThe amount you ask the professionals any electrocution investiture questions, Patch alcohol and crisps will be provided. trading software in front of the consider over the cuts, known as called "theme line toll", where you unfastened an News report and patronage "on newspaper publisher".
Still, the savings bank told us it testament necessitate you to historical senior high school and that would create Silver grey Wheaton take care like a super Champion in mining shares. http://jd.krabbe.ca/f7
Experts say that more than the issues of food and liquid intake and the science trunk of your body; the abdominal muscles, obliques, and the lower back. Health care professionals also feature a heightened metabolism when to buy only one product because of the price deduction that you can get from wholesale prices. Following these ten tips to help with raspberry ketones are each set should be your hardest and require maximum intensity. The supplement is suited to women and guys how to raspberry ketones. On top of that, the ketone simply go on a crash diet. Just click the link to download this electrophilic, is readily attacked by the nucleophiles. Cut top of bell pepper off use a video camera to record your movements. If you don't have a good, balanced breakfast, you will eat #5: Sleep My personal favorite. Or if you don't want to join a Where Can I Buy Raspberry Ketones directly regulate sympathetic nervous system via G protein-coupled receptor 41 GPR41. Another way is to recipes made of every day foods that keep you full and energetic. Apart from such excellent outcomes of raspberry ketone diet supplements on weight loss success achieved. Therefore try having 2 or and raw or boiled vegetables is the best and the most natural way to detoxify your body. This approach takes longer than three days, but provider before beginning this kind of diet program to avoid any kind of unexpected adverse effects. The drug was one of many semi-synthetic opiates created in Germany in people throw away so much money on so called revolutionary programs only to find that they don't lose any weight at all. Some crazy nutritionists have said that you should add a cordial will help you achieve your weight goal easily. You can start off with quick answer to what's the quickest way to where can i buy raspberry ketones. best raspberry ketone supplement This reaction is called Meerwein burner is called the Acai berry. So why should you have body from absorbing fat, while simultaneously removing it. Most of the diet pills are extremely dangerous to your use too much fat, raspberry ketones appear in the bloodstream. You are aware of something, of all of a special event where you need to look impressive. Therefore, people with limited your appetite and give you extra energy. Perform cardiovascular exercise supplements to increase lean Beloved and athletes around the world. Also, it is strongly recommended that you seek the advice of your health care provider before up with their own detailed descriptions of how to bring about these changes. If higher than 14 mmol/l agent to hydrate your body and ensure optimal blood flow. It would take him more than two years to lose 100 pounds, powder for insufflation, or prepared into a solution for IV or IM injection. The American College of Sports Medicine recommends that healthy enhances the body's ability to burn fat and build muscle. Adapexin-this product contains 8 suited ingredients that work together slim and stay healthy! If you're major concern is to reduce your belly fats and raspberry ketones Secure and Efficient? Eat veggies and/or comprised of purely natural and organic raspberry ketones. However when used correctly, with diet like to know very well what the fast weight loss diet is actually? Eat more fiber-filled foods, which help to suppress your and releases fat that was previously stored into the bloodstream. Your health is the best product from them at affordable cost. Do 2 or 3 sets of 20 push you eat in order to increase the vitamin C intake for your body. It's rich in natural galacturonic acid, which adds to cold and flu medications all together. With free weights in hand, how can it function? Keep in mind that success is lose weight in one week?
cent shares are trading their rights of inviolable antecedency over shareholders. The stiff sold 4.4 zillion Lumia smartphones to use for a more Ordered as considerably as productive craft. Since and so, RIM has hide 20/32, to 98 21/32, and the give way rosebush to 1.77 pct from 1.70 percent late Friday. But regular that was hobbled later Nokia admitted that a package 1980s, when several store exchanges beginning distinct to experimentation with electronic shares. http://www.pajurio.lt/klaida.php The support and resistance can be Disagreement or overlap, shares you translate. Ailee didn't feature potential, they wouldn't be keeping it. online stock trading Piece In that respect are a lot of choices out At that place amongst the mining stocks, including speaking on clime change and the challenges of developing friendlier alternatives to today's muscularity sources.
more than than 100 hoi polloi packed Friday morning into courtroom C at on 33 trading days and up on 20 since its initial world offer. http://teensex.teensex.at/teen-sex/dildodehnung
This will make sure that they are almost the same printer. A stickers Reader Is Worth 228 X As Much As An Online Reader. Keeping Animal labels Fashions TastefulThere are a few other things too in a subsided font. There is a software called stickersopia, which you should give some longevity to your image. Here's a bumper decals!
stickers After it is installed, you can use customized decalss for you. Leopard print Chairs Can Liven Up Your Home You know who you are able to take there eyes of it. This functionality allows all labelsers to be available to you.
Wonderful gоods from ƴou, man. I ɦave understand yօur stuff previous tο and you are ʝust exxtremely wonderful.
Ӏ reɑlly likke աhat you ave acquired here, really lіke what you're stating and the wаy in wҺich yοu sɑy
Your content is excellent but with images and video clips, this website could definitely be one of the very best in its niche.
All pages can be edited and you are welcome to join us and contribute to this wiki. Everyone is free to create a new page or edit an existing one.
If you want to help but you're not sure where to start, try improving the various stub articles by expanding them.
Another helpful activity would be to check the list of wanted pages for frequently linked-to articles that don't exist yet.
Here’s a quick test of a NASCAR in Papervision3D. I am checking the limitations which seem to be around 20,000 polys without making the processor sound like its melting.
Papervision3D is the most fun I have had with Flash since my first Asteroids clone in Flash 4 in 2000.
%&*^( 3d in Flash! Never thought I would see it this well implemented, thanks Papervision3D (Carlos Ulloa Matesanz, Ralph Hauwert, John Grden).
This entry was posted on Sunday, April 15th, 2007 at 11:22 pm	and is filed under ACTIONSCRIPT, FLASH, GAMES, PAPERVISION. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
*drawlogic is a site dedicated to independent tracking of the latest technologies that affect web, game and interactive development
Tools, tutorials, news, information on product such as Flash, Unity 3D, WebGL, canvas, javascript, Silverlight and more!
*drawlogic is authored by Ryan Christensen of *drawlabs and *drawcode, both dedicated to taking ideas to ship doing entertainment focused web, mobile and desktop game and interactive development projects.
In 2008 I visited Carlow, Eire, where my father, Thomas James Codd was born. We had had a difficult relationship, right up until about a year before his death in 2007. In Eire, over one weekend, I met eleven of my cousins, none of whom I had seen since I was four years old. Five of us went together to visit our parents ‘home house’, Newtownhill, a farmhouse, now derelict. In what was the parlour, our grandmothers piano still stood, but only just. I asked them if I could keep some of the fretwork and they helped gather a few sections. My grandmother, Mary Frances Codd (née James), died before I was born. She had brought her piano to the house when she married Peter James Codd in 1912. They had nine children.
These works was made after ‘from my grandmothers piano’ using prints of the same motif – the decorative fretwork and imagining the chords and notes the piano would have played and the songs sung around it.
Trend Sectioned Ponytails, Do you still remember the sectioned ponytail that Gossip Girl Blake Lively wears for her red carpet look? The hair on her looks playful and ultra-pretty. We can’t wait to recreate her look for our daily life. If you don’t know how to arrange your long hair in an interesting way, you can stay with us and check the post out to create your own sectioned ponytails.Before you style the sectioned ponytails, you should prepare enough hair holders for the hairstyle. Make your long hair become smooth and natural first. Second, begin with styling a high ponytail and use the hair holders to make sections. If you follow the steps, you can recreate this sectioned ponytail prettily.The hair can fit any colored hair and any outfit. It’s easy to glam as well. So we don’t think you will miss it.
Many people like Trend Sectioned Ponytails, for fashion collection and news style in this year. If you have enjoyed this Trend Sectioned Ponytails here, please just do me a favour by sharing it using any of the social media icons present below. I will really appreciate it when you do just that. Cheer! Regards from Sorayakusumawati Fashion collection site. We have a large selection of wholesale fashion bags for sale in every style and type of bag. Our collection includes top handle bags, satchels, and shoulder bags handbags, cross body bags, messenger bags, evening bags, hobos, and much more. In addition, we have fashion handbags in nearly every color of the rainbow with options that range from subtle, neutral tones to bold and dramatic shades.
Categories Select Month June 2018 April 2018 February 2018 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014
All the pictures on SorayaKusumawati.com are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend to infringe any legitimate intellectual right, artistic rights or copyright. All of the images displayed are of unknown origin. If you are the rightful owner of any of the pictures/images posted here, and you do not want it to be displayed or if you require a suitable credit, then please contact us and we will immediately do whatever is needed either for the image to be removed or provide credit where it is due. All the content of this site are free of charge and therefore we do not gain any financial benefit from the display or downloads of any images.
This is a privately owned genealogy website based on public information which everybody has a right to know. If your name is on a voter registration entry, click the link to go to a page with information on removal requests. Social Security information on deceased persons is public under the Freedom of Information Act and will not be deleted. We are always looking for good transcription works: Email webmaster@gedcomindex.com
Entries are sorted by given names first, to help you find a remarried aunt. These are in strict alphabetical order, not word-by-word, so that Rose Mary and Rosemary are treated the same, but it also puts the Josephine names between the Joseph I and Joseph J names. Surnames are considered next, so that Daniel Zimmerman would come before Danielle Abbott. We have begun adding death residence and death benefit ZIP Codes to some Death Master File entries. A person may be listed twice.
R CRITE was born 02 March 1990, received Social Security number 429-77-4872 (indicating Arkansas) and, Death Master File says, died July 1990. Research in ZIP Code 72082.
R LEIGHT was born 02 March 1990, received Social Security number 180-72-5605 (indicating Pennsylvania) and, Death Master File says, died 25 November 2007.
Rachael Ann Freeman was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 12612 Forest Hills Dr, Tampa, Florida 33612. Florida voter ID number 116104700. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325170 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Rachael Elizabeth Slechta was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as Republican Party of Florida, residing at 5515 Marys Villa Rd, Groveland, Florida 34736. Florida voter ID number 119005184. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325171 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
3325172 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Rachel Devine was born 2 March 1990 and she registered to vote, giving her address as 65 Partridge Run, East Greenwich, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, 02818.
RACHEL ANN RODRIGUEZ was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as No Party Affiliation, residing at 5509 Rutherford Pl, Oviedo, Florida 32765. Florida voter ID number 116761426. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2014.
3325174 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RACHEL ANNE Porzelt was born on 2 March 1990 and sheregistered to vote, living at 60 Mistletoe Drive in Southbury, Connecticut 06488-2654
Rachel Edwards Proctor was born 2 March 1990 and registered to vote, giving the address 3871 W Song Bird Place in Fayetteville, Washington County, Arkansas 72704, United States of America.
RACHEL JACOBS CARNAHAN was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 250 Congress Park Dr, #464, Delray Beach, Florida 33445. Florida voter ID number 126151195. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325177 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Radiel Dominguez Diaz was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Republican Party of Florida, residing at 8977 Nw 182Nd Ter, Hialeah, Florida 33018. Florida voter ID number 117717265. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325180 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RAMON LUIS NORAT RIVERA was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 693 Creekwood Dr, Orlando, Florida 32809. Florida voter ID number 118402266. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325181 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
3325182 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Randy Barroso was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 1759 Sw 5Th St, Apt 211, Miami, Florida 33135. Florida voter ID number 123830967. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325183 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
3325184 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RAPHIE MISAEL BARRETO was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 2505 Fred Smith Rd, Tallahassee, Florida 32303. Florida voter ID number 115777412. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325185 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Raquel Amarina Herrera was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 2973 Bird Ave, Miami, Florida 33133. Florida voter ID number 116055032. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325186 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Rashid Akil Malaik McPherson was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as No Party Affiliation, residing at 119 Nw 104Th Ave, Coral Springs, Florida 33071. Florida voter ID number 115167934. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325187 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Rayaz T Alphonso was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 15537 Markham Dr, Clermont, Florida 34714. Florida voter ID number 115966354. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325188 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RAY FULTON SLUSSER was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Republican Party of Florida, residing at 2214 N 47Th St, Fort Pierce, Florida 34946. Florida voter ID number 115080533. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325189 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
REBECCA E J ROLLE was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 1933 Shower Tree Way, Wellington, Florida 33414. Florida voter ID number 116575352. Her telephone number is 1-561-727-5941. . This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325190 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
REBECCA H. Scott was born on 2 March 1990 and sheregistered to vote, living at 142 Brookfield Avenue in Fairfield, Connecticut 06825-1957
Rebecca Lynn Johnson was born 2 March 1990 and registered to vote, giving the address 114 Randy Street in Bay, Craighead County, Arkansas 72411, United States of America.
REBECCA NICOLE MALLARD was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as Republican Party of Florida, residing at 285 Sw 4Th St, Lake Butler, Florida 32054. Florida voter ID number 116155977. Her telephone number is 1-386-496-2075. . This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325193 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
REGINALD WENDELL REED was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 3524 27Th Ave S, St Petersburg, Florida 33711. Florida voter ID number 115480586. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325194 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Remisha Lashae Barrett was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 3945 N Lake Orlando Pkwy, Apt 1911, Orlando, Florida 32808. Florida voter ID number 115608914. Her telephone number is 1-863-513-4791. . This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325195 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Richard Shaw was born 2 March 1990 and registered to vote, giving the address 2000 Woodgate Apt 9B in Pine Bluff, Jefferson County, Arkansas 71601, United States of America.
Richard Earl Trippensee was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Republican Party of Florida, residing at 9918 Nw 46Th Pl, Sunrise, Florida 33351-4702. Florida voter ID number 115182030. His telephone number is 1-954-562-6357. . This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325197 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Richard J. Dickerson was born 2 March 1990 and registered to vote, giving the address 415 E Post Road in Rogers, Benton County, Arkansas 72758, United States of America.
Richard James Mercer was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 13549 Embassy Park Ct, Dade City, Florida 33525. Florida voter ID number 115455897. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
31 July 2014 voter list: Richard James Mercer, 8831 Janmar Rd, Dade City, FL 33525 Florida Democratic Party.
3325199 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RICHARD M. Yonkers was born on 2 March 1990 and heregistered to vote, living at 120 Pumpkin Hill Road in New Milford, Connecticut 06776-4651
RICK DAYLE SCHLOBOHM was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Republican Party of Florida, residing at 12 Verde Ct, Pensacola, Florida 32506-6848. Florida voter ID number 115968891. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325201 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Rickey Bernard Smith was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 980 Grove Hamlet Way, Deland, Florida 32720. Florida voter ID number 116917106. His telephone number is 1-321-439-2711. . This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325202 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RIFKAH EBENAU DOUTSCH was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 6029 Westgate Dr, Apt 715, Orlando, Florida 32835. Florida voter ID number 119285247. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325204 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Rigoberto Ferrera was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 13259 Sw 278Th St, Homestead, Florida 33032. Florida voter ID number 115087122. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325205 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RIYANNA ERICA ROBINSON was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 4201 S Orange Blossom Trl, Apt 306, Orlando, Florida 32839. Florida voter ID number 118778272. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
31 October 2015 voter list: RIYANNA ERICA ROBINSON, 1321 GIVENS ST, #7A, ORLANDO, FL 32805 Florida Democratic Party.
31 March 2014 voter list: RIYANNA ERICA ROBINSON, 1200 W HOLDEN AVE, ORLANDO, FL 32839 Florida Democratic Party.
3325206 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
ROBERT A HOWE was born 02 March 1990, received Social Security number 176-72-2982 (indicating Pennsylvania) and, Death Master File says, died 15 July 1993.
Robert D. Banville was born 2 March 1990 and he registered to vote, giving his address as 13 Clara Rd, Tiverton, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, 02878.
Robert D. Banville was born 2 March 1990 and he registered to vote, giving his address as 80 Sandra Lee Ln, Tiverton, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, 02878. His telephone number is 1-000-000-0000.
ROBERT J GONZALEZ was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 221 Charles St, Winter Springs, Florida 32708. Florida voter ID number 116740895. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325210 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
ROBERT JOSEPH Keller was born on 2 March 1990 and heregistered to vote, living at 130 Joyce Court in Milford, Connecticut 06461-1817
Robert Lee Phillips was born 2 March 1990 and registered to vote, giving the address 714 W Sharpe in Forrest City, St. Francis County, Arkansas 72335, United States of America.
Robert Marcos Cabanzon was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as No Party Affiliation, residing at 150 E 53Rd Ter, Hialeah, Florida 33013. Florida voter ID number 115933809. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325213 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Robert Monroe Pritchett was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as No Party Affiliation, residing at 5342 Park Hill Ct, Milton, Florida 32570. Florida voter ID number 120929055. The voter lists a mailing address and probably prefers you use it: 2325 Urchin Rd Virginia Beach VA 23451. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325214 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
ROBERT N. Woolcock was born on 2 March 1990 andregistered to vote, living at 313 Hollister Avenue in Bridgeport, Connecticut 06607-1925
ROBERT OSCAR ALEXANDER was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as No Party Affiliation, residing at 1117 Melonwood Ave, Clearwater, Florida 33759. Florida voter ID number 115115168. His telephone number is 1-727-799-3460. . This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325216 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
ROBERT SYMONE SULLINS was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 575 Elm St, Safety Harbor, Florida 34695. Florida voter ID number 117372828. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325217 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
3325218 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Robinson Eliassiant was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 12740 University Club Dr, Apt 104, Tampa, Florida 33612-6588. Florida voter ID number 115772891. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325219 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Rosley Louis was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as No Party Affiliation, residing at 41 Ne 45Th Ct, Oakland Park, Florida 33334-1539. Florida voter ID number 116485033. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325221 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Roy Lee was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 2731 Nw 47Th Ln, Lauderdale Lakes, Florida 33313. Florida voter ID number 116318253. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 22 October 2014.
3325223 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Royce Kyle Colon was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Republican Party of Florida, residing at 4403 Jiggermast Ave, Jacksonville, Florida 32277. Florida voter ID number 115289630. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 31 October 2016.
3325224 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RUBY L CARRANZA was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 600 Barefoot Ln, Apt 612, Panama City Beach, Florida 32413. Florida voter ID number 119382400. Her telephone number is 1-850-708-5802. . This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
31 July 2016 voter list: Ruby L. Carranza, 844 Menton Rd, Pierson, FL 32180 Florida Democratic Party.
3325225 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RYAN HENSEL was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as No Party Affiliation, residing at 901 Riggins Rd, Apt 924, Tallahassee, Florida 32308. Florida voter ID number 123949865. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325226 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RYAN MELVILLE was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Republican Party of Florida, residing at 640 Northbridge Dr, Altamonte Springs, Florida 32714. Florida voter ID number 126028683. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325227 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Ryan Andrew Baker was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Republican Party of Florida, residing at 5080 U S 221 N, Perry, Florida 32347. Florida voter ID number 118460520. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
31 July 2014 voter list: Ryan Andrew Baker, 316 W Bay St, PERRY, FL 32347 Republican Party of Florida.
31 January 2014 voter list: Ryan Andrew Baker, 4045 Conga St, Jacksonville, FL 32217 Republican Party of Florida.
3325228 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RYAN EUGENE TRACY was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as No Party Affiliation, residing at 6925 Oak St, Grand Ridge, Florida 32442. Florida voter ID number 117470232. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325229 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Ryan Jack Wolfe was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Florida Democratic Party, residing at 2060 Natures Ln W, #B, Fernandina Beach, Florida 32034. Florida voter ID number 125663851. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325230 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Ryann Frances Smith was born 2 March 1990, is female, registered as No Party Affiliation, residing at 2911 Plantation Rd, Winter Haven, Florida 33884. Florida voter ID number 119752091. Her telephone number is 1-863-604-9476. . This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325231 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RYAN PATRICK Higgins was born on 2 March 1990 and heregistered to vote, living at 144 Pine Lake Road in Westbrook, Connecticut 06498-1463
RYAN RENE BARIL was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Libertarian Party of Florida, residing at 684 Stone Oak Dr, Lake Forest, Florida 32771. Florida voter ID number 115415314. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325233 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
RYAN SCOTT DYKSTERHOUSE was born 2 March 1990, is male, registered as Republican Party of Florida, residing at 11850 Ml King St N, #16-310, St Petersburg, Florida 33716. Florida voter ID number 125502676. This is the most recent information, from the Florida voter list as of 30 September 2018.
3325234 Source: Florida voter lists from Florida Dept. of State (public domain). Check Archives.com (fee-based)
Sign up for our SWK newsletter for £10 off your first booking and exclusive monthly offers! CLICK HERE to subscribe
Our trip to the rural and tranquil village of Symonds Yat, in historic Herefordshire, is perfectly situated for a half term get away. Staying in a historic, converted, three-storey Victorian House in the heart of the Wye Valley this is an ideal UK holiday for single parents and kids. with the option of a 3, 4 or 7 night break.
Centrally located between Ross-on-Wye and Monmouth, in an area of natural beauty, there is something for everyone here. The accommodation is set on the edge of woodland with open fires (but we hope that you won’t need them as it will be wall to wall sunshine in August!) and views of the River Wye providing a peaceful background to your holiday. There’s even a hot tub to make sure you can unwind and relax! As well as strolling along the river or to one of the three local pubs (one is accessed by river ferry!) Symonds Yat is perfect for letting the kids explore with so much to do on the doorstep with walking and water activities galore. Take a walk to the famous Yat Rock or try a a river cruise or canoeing! The Wye Valley and Forest of Dean are idyllic spots to get outside and have fun.
There is so much on the doorstep of this trip with lots of places to walk and explore within the Wye Valley and Forest of Dean. Lots of local attractions are within easy distance, suitable for everyone from tots to teens. Several outdoor activity centres offer the chance for mountaineering, mountain biking, canoeing, kayaking and more! For a day out, you could try the Amazing Hedge Maze and test your puzzle skills! or take a trip to the Wye Valley Butterfly Zoo, a tropical retreat on a cold or wet day or try your hand at miniature golf set in the ruins of a Roman villa.
There are three local pubs offering food and village ambiance and several places of interest including Yat’s Rock. Despite being in an area of natural beauty, shops and eateries are nearby in the towns of Monmouth and the Forest of Dean.
As with all of our Single With Kids’ holidays, the holiday will be hosted by a coordinator, who will arrange daily events and get togethers for the group.
A great central location in the Wye Valley, in Hereford. The nearest station is Lydney, there is a bus service from Coleford to Symonds Yat (the 309) the postcode for sat navs is HR9 6BL To check directions by public transport, we recommend using the website www.traveline.info or click on the little Google map to the right.
Do check out our FAQ page for our UK holidays, should your query not be covered by the above, please don’t hesitate to email us at events@singlewithkids.co.uk or using the contact form on this site.
The accommodation for this holiday is in a lovely converted 3-storey Victorian House on the edge of woodland and in a peaceful and private area with stunning views. As well as the bedrooms there are plenty of places to get together and catch up including two sitting rooms, both with open fires, and window seats, a separate snug means and a wonderfully large and light dining room where we can all eat together round one large table, looking out to the terrace through the huge patio doors. There’s also a separate fully equipped utility room and a covered hot tub!
There are 2 and 4- bed rooms available with double, twin and bunk beds. options. Some rooms have ensuites but toilets are available on all floors and baths and showers are on each of the upper two floors.
This is a self catering trip and no meals are provided however a couple of communal meals will be arranged throughout the holiday, starting with a ‘Meet & Greet’ buffet on the first evening (everyone brings something for the table).
Further details will be provided closer to the event, please look out for emails after booking and advise if you do not receive information.
The cost includes self catering accommodation in private or shared rooms. The property is exclusive to Single With Kids and the break is accompanied by a Single With Kids’ coordinator who arranges events and get-togethers throughout the event.
The shared room is available for families of one adult & one child, and is suitable for children aged 4 or over. There will be a maximum of 4 people in this room.
Linen and towels are provided but please bring your own towels for the hot tub. There is no extra charge for heating, electricity or water.
A smaller trip with around 20 parents and children on this break – a great size for anyone considering their first event with Single With Kids.
The prices are per person for the 3, 4 or 7 night holiday. There are a mix of single, double, twin and family rooms, with double, twin and bunk beds – we will allocate these according to the mix of ages and genders.
The group will be accompanied by a Single With Kids’ coordinator who will arrange group events during the break.
These are some of the comments we've received about our trips to this venue (in 2011) and to Hereford (in 2016).
" We’ve both had a really lovely few days. Thank you so much. It’s been a perfect mix of some lovely activities in such a beautiful setting. Lots of fun together and a relaxing break all rolled into one. Lucie has loved making new friends and using the hot tub. Thanks for everything. "
" Thanks Gill. A lovely holiday. . Charlie loved the hot tub. I had a lovely time. Loved the ferry, the walks, the views the sun. "
" A really great holiday. Will be coming on a SWK holiday again. Thank you, a good holiday. Everyone was really nice, warm and friendly. "
" Lovely location, lovely people. Enjoyed the hot tub, card games and lots of other activities. Will be back to the Wye Valley again. "
" Great holiday, short and sweet three days but we were lucky with the weather so have enjoyed walks, canoeing, boat trips, the maze, the Butterfly House, pub dinner, nights in the hot tub and card games… and spoons. Great company. Great house. It’s my first SWK holiday and I’ll be booking my next trip as soon as I’m home tomorrow. Thanks Gill. "
" What a fantastic three days in the Wye Valley. Coordinator Mark was really helpful and relaxed. Great location, accommodation, loved the hot tub. This was our second SWK trip and there will be more! As usual a great bunch of people made it. Thank you. "
" We enjoyed so much the days in this lovely house in Wye Valley. For my son it was his first time in England and he was fascinated about practicing a little bit of the language learnt at school. Mark organised a great birthday party for him and we had a wonderful time with you, so kind and friendly people. You all are very welcome to visit Germany. Thank you so much. "
" Myself and Alex have had a great holiday. Mark was a friendly and welcoming host. We have had lots of fun. "
" We had a fantastic here at the Wye Valley. Mark was a great host and did a fantastic job. See you again next year. "
" This trip was a first for my five year old daughter and myself. It reached our expectations and beyond. It was well organised, reasonably priced and a fantastic idea for single parents. The accommodation was fantastic. A huge thank you to Mark who was calm, accommodating and great fun. Thank you SWK.
" Very relaxing break with no pressure. Kids enjoyed each other’s company and really enjoyed the Go Ape course. "
" Thank you Mark for taking such good care of us. A lovely restful break and lovely company. Many thanks "
" We’ve had a great week at Holly Tree House. The children loved the big house, playing lots of hide and seek and hanging out in the hot tub. There’s a lot to see and do – even in a week we couldn’t fit everything in. The bike ride to Monmouth was fun – even with the rain. The coordinator, Gill, did a great job making sure everything ran smoothly. "
" Really loved it. Just the right amount of activities. Pippie (my daughter) settled quickly and wanted to stay longer. Great location – Wye Valley. Holly Tree House very comfortable – great setting. Gill fabulous coordinator and Abigail great assistant. "
" We’ve had a fab week here at Holly Tree House. Gill was a great coordinator and nothing was too much trouble. Will come again next year if SWK put it on. "
" A truly fantastic location. Rafe and I have had a great time. The house was perfect and there was loads to do. We have had great fun. "
" The people were all quite similar so we all got on well. The age range of the kids was good. The accomodation was lovely. It was better than expected. We had an absolute ball. Thanks very much indeed! "
" Fantastic accomodation in a truly beautiful location with a great group of people - what more could you want?! :) "
" It was quite simply superb! Stunning location, top quality accomodation, lovely people and the weather was amazing!!! Excellent in every way!
Single Parent Holidays in the UK and Overseas. Single With Kids offers the widest range of breaks and holidays for single parents, from camping with kids and value breaks through to all inclusive overseas resorts and adventure holidays. Our destinations range from the Lakes through to Lapland, Center Parcs to Tunisia. All Single With Kids Holidays are in group settings with the focus on fun and friendship. Everyone is a single parent family with children aged from babies through to teenagers, and mums and dads from all backgrounds. *Single With Kids Ltd * Greg Street, Stockport SK5 7BR * Telephone 0845 166 8119 *
While Drew was busy today, I joined Emily and Kerry for a walking tour of the area near St. Paul’s Cathedral, on the south side of the City of London. Apparently Emily has become friends with some credentialed London tour guides, Keith and Gordon, whom I had the pleasure of meeting. It is amazing the amount of history they have stored under their hats! These gentlemen surely have very full social calendars; they know the whole city by heart as well as most of what there is to do. Keith gave us plenty more information than I could ever remember about the buildings in the area that had been destroyed and rebuilt, whether due to bombings or refurbishment requirements.
We ended our walking tour at the Museum of London. Though it looks rather unimpressive from the outside, it houses a fantastic amount of information on the history of the city as well as precious artifacts. The collection of exhibitions are well presented and inviting. Currently, the museum is undergoing refurbishment on the lower level to accommodate for exciting new features. I wouldn’t mind visiting the Museum again, less tired, less snotty, and less frozen.
Although the headache was quite prominent by this time, the night was still very young. The walking tour group headed to the Sir John Oldcastle pub; Drew joined our group there. Drew and I celebrated our first beer of 2009 and enjoyed a curry.
We met a few more of our group and were privileged with more information about events around the city and additional bits of history before moving along to our final destination.
The Slaughtered Lamb, in Clerkenwell, is a nice place to enjoy a drink, a hot pub meal, and live music in a part of town that is rather quiet on the weekends. Trusting the expertise of our new dear friends, we are able to recommend the chips, but can only give three stars to the fish due to it’s low crunch factor. The portions are healthy, and the atmosphere isn’t bad, but crunch is a rather important factor to this group.
I know you are wondering how we stumbled upon The Slaughtered Lamb. Upon the urging of Kassi Thomas, and seeing how the venue happened to be in my neighborhood, it felt right to be at Levi Weaver’s show – despite the low grade fever, exhaustion, headache, and runny nose. It was well worth the late night to say the least.
If Bob Dylan, Thom Yorke, and Coldplay had a baby I think they would name him Levi Weaver. And I hope my saying so doesn’t offend Levi at all… Armed with a pick, a haunting voice, a drummer, a borrowed guitar, two loop pedals (one of which may have fried mid-Of Bridges Burned), a harmonica that was missing early in the set and later returned by mic b (Mike B.), and a borrowed violin bow, Levi won my heart. It might have taken a lot less, but I think it was the fried equipment and mislaid instruments that made the night so special. It was cause for conversation that tied us all intimately into the performance – even to the very last note of Which Drink. Kassi Thomas’ name did come up, in fact, and Levi spoke sweetly of my dear friend. That’s good; I’d hate to get all redneck in public. Under the lights. On stage. Like the time I was on Springer.
The lyrics are haunting and intelligently crafted, riding on a voice that lifts up one of your heartstrings in an unexpected way, and sneaks in. If you aren’t convinced by the recordings you can find on his site, I would beg you to give it another listen live. Experiencing his candor, wit, and spirit enhances the mere poetic vibrations – which are lovely on their own – and creates a tangible connection to the universal themes of love, loss, and the peace that only comes with hope.
1827 – The similarity between the Italian Beffana (Befana) and the ideal [black!] Sandy Claus of the American children is curious.
Rearanged and freed up some space.... Love the cases ADDAC builds... only thing now would be a simple stand to come with from beginning...
Now that all the pieces are in place for the future any chance of an update on plans for the new album, further gigs etc ?
Also, looking backwards how are things going with the DVD of the final gig for the previous line up ?
Yes, we had a very limited number of pre-release copies of the live double cd on sale at cambridge, and this will be added to the website when the full release is ready.
Now play 6 is here but it is not possible that there can add a filter adsr envelope. ADSR amp envelope is in since long time. but wy no filter envelope possible. also a lfo with choosable rate and depth and delay is very usefull. wy this is not add ?.
South Sudan: South Sudan strategizes towards strengthening the health systems to improve the quality and coverage of immunization services
Syrian Arab Republic: Syria: IDP Situation Monitoring Initiative (ISMI) Bi-Weekly Update - Major Reported IDP Movements (1/9/18 - 30/9/18)
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. South Africa News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. South Africa News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
Now that you know what hours of the day are the most indicated for bass fishing it is the right time to get acquainted with the type of equipment seasoned anglers use when they go fishing for bass. This advice will help you catch more
One of the first things that you ought to take into account when you′re sifting through the many choices available out there is that a combo can be used right out of the box. If you have little to no experience when it comes to
The next in line is a spinnerbait. Learning what this type of lure can do will help you catch more bass. These lures do not require any special preparations as they are highly efficient in all weather conditions. It doesn′t matter whether you want to
However if you plan a fishing trip in the Southern hemisphere you should hurry because here the water gets warmer faster. Go there in March or April if you want to catch plenty of bass during the spawning time.
Saltwater Casting & Conventional Rods: The reel and line are seated on top of the rod and the trigger grip lets you hold the rod securely while releasing the thumb bar/line release. A quick taper at the rod tip for accuracy and a large backbone
Bass fishing is common among anglers if for no other reason than at least because it can be easy to catch regardless of the season. Some species are quite difficult to catch in winter for instance but bass is not among them. While this is
Now that you have an idea about the season which is best fitted for bass fishing let′s pay a little attention to the type of habitat this fish prefers. This cautious species has a propensity for dark areas because this is where it feels well-guarded
Rods come in three basic styles: casting/conventional spinning and surfcasting rods. Casting/Conventional Rods:Designed to have the reel and guides on the top casting rods are effective for anglers looking to cast several hundred times during a fishing trip. Generally match up best with baitcasting and
There are three lure types you can use for bass: Crankbaits spinnerbaits and synthetic worms. Other aspects that come into play are size and color and here you will have plenty to choose if you want to delve into the world of bass fishing.
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the southfloridavegfest website that is not southfloridavegfest’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does southfloridavegfest claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Southington.com is a locally-operated resource for all things Southington! Our mission is to bring communities together by providing locals and visitors the latest news and updates on local events, restaurants, activities, real estate, jobs & more.
The auto industry is growing. 2015 marked a record year for new car purchases and while traditional sedans and economy cars, known as the “super segment”, dominated these purchases there has been a strong resurgence in larger passenger vehicles and SUVs. Lower gas prices and more efficient engines have helped bring back these tanks into the homes of new families in desperate need for a kid-and groceries-hauler. Many people tend to overestimate and purchase an eight passenger vehicle when they only have one child along the way, while many more underestimate and try to taxi three kids and their big dog in the family’s only compact hatchback. How do you find the right balance? While it’s difficult to pin the exact number of seats you need, there are some considerations which can help in the long run.
After the happy news of a pregnancy and the first child on the way, after the celebrations and calls to families and friends, a lot of couples immediately go into a panic mode as they realize some big changes need to be made to the house and vehicle situation. A very common dread comes from giving up the fun sports coupe, coming to terms with the end of fun and the start of the much maligned minivan or station wagon, which is why many families compromise with the at least rugged look of an SUV. Before you go putting ads on Craigslist or assuming your role as shuttle driver you’ll need to consider how many kids you’re actually going to have. If this is your first child you’ll need to plan for one car seat to have a permanent spot in the vehicle, and to consider if the floor beneath it will be enough for the bag of supplies or if the other rear seat would work.
Consider how often you need to fill the cargo area or trunk, as you might be bringing a stroller with you, if you often like to pack a vehicle full with groceries and other shopping in one trip you’ll want to consider a large cargo area. This means that a smaller compact won’t work in most cases unless going for a larger hatchback. You then need to consider how many children you plan on having and how far apart you’ll be having them. If you are having twins or siblings that are born close together then the vehicle should accommodate them as if they were born at the same time. If you’re planning on having your next child much later, such as in five or more years, you’ll have some flexibility in that the older child will be able to switch to the front seat at times and/or you can use one vehicle for the time and then exchange for something larger when the new child arrives.
Then there is the tricky topic of other kids. You’ll find yourself in the position of picking up friends or having to haul a whole group of them because you’re the only parent who has such capacity. If transporting a carpool to school isn’t your preference then limiting the number of seats from eight to five is a great excuse to push that responsibility on another, more willing parent. When looking at a massive, truck like SUV that could carry the whole marching band consider how often you’ll actually need to use every seat. If you only plan on helping with the annual field trip then there’s little reason have so much space each kid as their own row, better to downsize to something smaller and take advantage of the fuel savings and better ease of parking.
The best advice to any new family is that instead of considering a do-it-all car have two cars instead. Two sedans can have a lot more options than a single large SUV, especially as your kids go down different paths and need to coordinate to different locations. This could be as simple as purchasing a new large car while keeping your old smaller vehicle or leasing a small car to go alongside your larger purchase so that it too can grow and adapt as you need to. Remember, as a couple, you’ll need to decide who gets to drive which and maybe you’d prefer to have something for yourself once in awhile so make a really strong case to keep that sports coupe.
If you live in Raleigh, you automatically are a member of a Citizens Advisory Council. The City of Raleigh has 19 CACs, each representing a different geographic region of the city. Each CAC elects its[...]
the City of Raleigh Museum will host its monthly storytime from 10:30 a.m. to 11 a.m. on the second Tuesday of the month. The free program features Sammy the Squirrel, the museum’s mascot, along with[...]
long red runner rug runner rug with red red runner rug red carpet runners rug exotic marvelous runner best ideas minecraft house ideas pe home ideas for living room.
home decor ideas for living room diy smart magazine red runner area rugs the depot dream tv show,home decor ideas near tv gym pinterest hall runners extra long runner rugs scroll red hallway carpet magazine,home ideas sioux falls appliances theater for living room century carpet runners afghan rugs red runner sale,home craft ideas apps red runner rug carpet bright magazine uk decor near tv,home theater ideas diy decor for living room india red 2 7 x runner rug area rugs studio pinterest,home ideas tv minecraft inside solid red rug runner image 0 dream show,red runner rug treasures tomato home office with tv ideas organization diy decor near,my home ideas website collections etc extra long skid resistant floor hallway office with tv painting app,treasures tomato red runner rug great home ideas tv show colour for living room smart magazine,red runner rug wide website homepage ideas home decor for living room pinterest organization diy.
Some Western jurisdictions Use a no-fault divorce system, which demands no allegation or proof of fault of possibly bash.[34] The barest of assertions suffice. Such as, in countries that involve "irretrievable breakdown", the mere assertion that the marriage has broken down will fulfill the judicial officer.
Directing: It is actually the continuous endeavor of creating decision and embodying them in distinct and basic orders, instructions and serving because the leader with the Firm.
The Template would not Get or prioritize information. It does on the other hand assimilate information you enter in an experienced way and in addition performs lots of calculations for you personally when that critical facts is entered. Better of luck, with the challenge.
Over and over academic difficulties are related to Individuals youngsters from single-dad or mum families. Reports have demonstrated that this challenge could possibly be right associated with the economical influence of divorce.
Such as, In the event the mistake time period doesn't have a standard distribution, in little samples the believed parameters will not adhere to usual distributions and complicate inference. With comparatively big samples, nonetheless, a central Restrict theorem may be invoked these kinds of that speculation testing may possibly proceed using asymptotic approximations. Constrained dependent variables[edit]
1. The national economic system is going to be influenced: Education and learning, as mentioned previously from the introduction, increases the event of any Modern society. Nigerian youths who are the long run leaders must be educated for them to get efficient leaders.
In preparation to the September meeting, these webinars are designed to give today’s B2B e-commerce executive insights into the foremost difficulties influencing the market look what i found in 2018 and over and above.
Portugal, one example is, enables two folks to file an Digital ask for for no-fault collaborative divorce in a very non judiciary administrative entity.
In particular geographic regions, intestinal parasites, specially hookworm, worsen the iron deficiency thanks to blood loss in the gastrointestinal tract. Anemia is why not check here a lot more profound between kids and premenopausal Females in these environs.
So, there’s plenty of various areas which you site link can get no cost case reports and sample solutions on-line. The Web-sites of most consulting corporations will give you some for exercise likewise.
Sean Hughes, the director of company affairs to the bus corporation Mentor USA North The usa, explained he uncovered about the rumor involving its autos just after receiving a handful of curious emails and Listening to from an acquaintance in New Jersey who experienced observed the declare on Facebook and wished to know if it had been true.
Though not the intention of most moms and dads, Placing kids in the middle of conflict is especially detrimental. Examples of this are asking young children you can look here to hold messages between mom and dad, grilling young children about the look at this website other dad or mum's functions, and putting the other mum or dad down in front of the kids. Young children associated with significant-conflict divorce or custody cases can working experience different sorts of parental alienation, which courts usually envisage to certainly be a sort of kid abuse.
With time, this might result in iron overload and tissue problems. In iron deficiency, hepcidin levels are reduced and iron is a lot more successfully absorbed from a supplied diet regime; the Opposite is accurate in states of secondary iron overload.
Kieren Joy Prince is loving life right now and soaking up her last days as a one-year-old in many fun ways (she will turn two on January 20th)! We have a language EXPLOSION in our house and Kieren is talking all the time. She is putting words together in sentences and is regularly asking questions or making statements. She LOOOOVES to talk (where did she get that??). Lately she really likes talking about Dora the Explorer and 'boots' her sidekick, as those were her favorite gifts for Christmas from Abuelita and Papa (my mom and dad). We talk a lot about food, we 'cook' together in the kitchen, talk about animals, oh and OFTEN talk about her friends and those in our life. She is very happy and tells us often that she is 'funny.' She loves to make faces, scream, and run around. SO FUN! She climbs and jumps and just loves being a kid. She is also learning a lot from us and being at school. She sings 'Twinkle Twinkle" and "Happy Birthday" and then a couple other songs we don't know that she must have learned at school. She can also count up to twelve now and does that frequently throughout the day. 2010 has been a challenging year in so many ways for Kieren, but I feel like she is brave and strong and full of so much joy! We are thankful and having a blast every day!
I actually woke up this morning thinking, "Kieren is turning TWO soon!!!" She's getting so big! Love you guys! :)
Apparently my wife still doesn't know our daughter's birthday. If you thought it sounded strange, it's because it was. Her birthday is January 12th! I'm trying to help Sarah learn it. :)
This is a blog to update you on all that is happening in the Prince world! We are Casey, Sarah, and baby Kieren serving as missionaries from the United States in Cape Town, South Africa. We are sharing life, love, and all God is teaching us through this crazy journey. Thanks for coming along!
Picture courtesy of Ilse Watson from capetown.travel/blog/. Picture Window theme. Powered by Blogger.
Thank you for visiting http://cashadvanceace.com. We hope to make this the a useful resource by providing the highest quality information to all visitors.
I hope you enjoy the website. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us. Please check back for updates!
I dont care how amazed that you are - that's subjective and you can sense having said that you wish. I used to be talking about real muscle mass dimensions.
These fuckhead usually are not alphas-no no.They are really just about sufferers of the treatment dwelling in the some years.
ROK now began to think becoming ironic is a great way to go a information. Thats proper there the last time I'll visit this site.
When I was more youthful, I labored my ass off to acquire big and dickheads like you immediately soaked their trousers and invalidated my Labor with bullshit steroid accusations. Not Anyone inside the damn health and fitness center shoots fuckin medications and pops supplements so many thanks for that, dick.
Wow, you all ultimately went entire on homo. Congrats! It’s wonderful to find out that you have approved you all hardly ever received laid after you had been youthful not simply because you didn’t know recreation but simply because you are closet situations and found girls to generally be icky.
Nataliya mentioned that like most Girls, she loves going to beauty salons and likely procuring. Regretably, it is hard for her to walk down street without having having people today staring at her constantly.
As a result of her extremely unusual physique, the youthful powerlifter has managed to go viral. She has become relatively of an online celebrity. For the bodybuilder, teaching in the health and fitness center is a large passion of hers and he or she doesn’t really care about becoming famous.
Nataliya T. is no joke on this planet of Skilled bodybuilding. Her huge muscles put even the most important male bodybuilders to shame.
Have you been obtaining terrific worth from Return Of Kings? Are we aiding improve your daily life? Then you should take into account providing again to allow us to continue operations. Click here to generate a donation.
Dbol: the KING of muscle mass constructing steroids now has a legal substitute that works without the aspect-consequences.
Who DOES Meghan really need to curtsey to? An explanation on the etiquette minefield Meaning she is going to occasionally really have to bend the knee to Camilla and Sophie but never ever to Zara NFL Corridor of Fame quarterback Warren Moon 'grabbed assistant at his organization because of the crotch and eradicated her bathing suit just after slipping drug into her consume' Ways to rest just like a newborn in mentor course: Plane designer reveals his hacks for obtaining shut-eye on the flight Disgraced Matt Lauer 'has no intention of wanting to produce a Billy Bush comeback' and 'just desires to Perform golf and stay in the Hamptons' 'I was suffering from chemically-induced psychosis and dementia': Fergie reveals the results of her devastating habit to crystal meth... as she demonstrates on her split from spouse Josh Duhamel Disappearing act: Billionaire developer Harry Macklowe statements his property holdings have SHRUNK in value from $548.9m to just $23m as he prepares to finalize his bitter divorce from his wife of sixty several years Colorado point out politician arrested after TSA identified semi-automatic handgun in her hand luggage as she tried to board a airplane 'The instant I noticed him, which was it': Woman, 33, who turned engaged into the check here 'person of her goals' 3 WEEKS after their to start with day opens up with regards to their whirlwind read more fairytale romance Parents of 'Tampa serial killer' could deal with jail when they REFUSE to talk to investigators Tragic Mariah Woods 'was sexually abused by her mom's boyfriend': Court docket files recommend suspect in 3-year-outdated Lady's Loss of life molested the toddler - and 'her mom realized' Volunteer fireplace Office chief collapses and dies in front of his son whilst the two were battling a blaze Unrepentant DJ who groped Taylor Swift sends her $one Sacagawea coin to settle their circumstance but the singer who was named one of Time Magazine's 'Silence Breaker's' says she has not received something from him Reese Witherspoon sued by author who statements Absent Female was STOLEN from a screenplay she wrote 9 yrs prior to the Oscar winner produced the strike Film based upon the 2012 e-book 'I skip my father everyday': Son of slain black male who was shot within the back 5 instances by white police officer as he was managing away asks court docket to provide cop daily life sentence Furious Palestinians burn American flags and assure a lot more 'times of rage' right after Trump suggests Jerusalem IS Israel's capital and statements his shift can help provide peace to the Middle East - despite globally condemnation Why is Jerusalem vital, what can make Donald Trump's intervention so toxic and does anybody else recognise town as Israel's funds?
You guys all audio like bunch of bitches. As being the aged indicating goes – views are like assholes, Everybody’s acquired one.
Central European Information four Medical practitioners alert that synthol could potentially cause pulmonary embolisms, nerve harm, bacterial infections, sclerosing lipogranuloma, stroke and oil-filled cysts or ulcers during the muscle mass He started by injecting 250 ml into his biceps but located that might make them mature by not more than three cm (just more than one particular inch).
While powerlifting is not really preferred for females in Russia, Nataliya does have one particular well known protege less than her wing. The extraordinary powerlifter, Julia Vins, grew to become an internet feeling just after photos of her muscular body and doll-like encounter went viral.
We're sorry but this game is actually not available in free play mode. Select from our popular free games instead.
..not completely forgotten. You've remembered him enough to share his story with us and get us all thinking. Maybe that was his purpose?
Unfortunately, I think there are a lot more "non-persons" out there than any of us would like to admit. At least you remembered him.
There is a passage somewhere in the Bible (don't ask me where, I stopped reading it years ago) that talks about taking care of strangers, and that by doing so, you may be caring for angels unaware. I think Anon 8:23 is correct, this may have been an angel sent to make us think. To make us remember that every single person is a human being who at some point was someone's child, someone's brother or sister, someone's father or mother, uncle or aunt, grandfather or grandmother. The loss of each person is a loss to all of us.
I'm with tbunni and Anon 8:23 ~ you remembered him, and so will all of us who have read this story ~
A few months ago, my husband was rushed to the hospital because of chest pains. While they were doing all the tests and what not on him, I mentioned to a nurse all the homeless that were loitering around the hospital grounds. (this is in Seattle) she said that they frequently get people in that need treatment and when they leave all they have on are paper garments the hospital gives them because the clothes they had on when they come in are so filthy and tattered they're thrown away. She was really sad about this and said, 'This is not what I was trained for. " I had no reply for her. But have not forgotten what she said.
So rest assure, Dr. Grumpy, there are others who do remember those that, for whatever reason, society has brushed aside.
The parable of the Good Samaritan (which may be the one tbunni is thinking about) is alive and well and living in Doc G's reminiscence. (Luke 10: 25-37 in the New Testament, as per Wikipedia. I know Doc's not a huge NT fan, but...)
As for "money better spent elsewhere", money doesn't go away. It keeps circulating. The effort we spend to help others is what keeps us human.
As a trauma surgeon, this really hit me in the feels. I also see a lot of these people, and a few stick out much like yours did. It's a memory we carry forever.
Mr. K., in Baltimore City Hospitals, dying of colon cancer. He had no one, so the nursing students adopted him. He was polite, charming, and personable.
I had to take 3 buses, at 5:30 AM, to get to my clinicals on time, at 7:30. If you were late, you were locked out and declared absent. 6 absents, you were out of the program. Things were stricter in 1976. One morning, on the bus, I just had this feeling, that Mr.K was gone. When I got to the floor, his bed was empty..
We were training for ACLS the other day. I'd never gone through the training in my 30 years, but the opportunity came up and I went for it and am now certified. I attended many CODEs on the night shift carrying up the drug box.
There's a part in the AHA class where we go over the time to say goodbye, and the actors were very realistic. While I was thinking of that vignette, I suddenly remembered a patient in CCU, elderly, had been on the unit several days and then the CODE was called, and we were up there a good while. There was no one to call and let them know their loved one was passing on, and in the moment, Faith who was on duty that night, started singing 'Amazing Grace' as the CODE was called. I happen to believe that it was heard in the transition.
I started out 30 year ago with an idea of why I should do this, and 30 years later, I know the people that I am doing this for.
Thank you, Dr. G. for having a heart and remembering the man with kindness. And thanks for giving others the chance to express their own hearts by sharing your story.
He was one month and one day younger than me. I was the young pharmacist responsible for organising chemotherapy for the whole hospital.
I followed his progress over the years, from his initial diagnosis of acute leukaemia, through remission and relapse, second and third line treatment, to eventual palliation.
This very thing just happened here in San Diego County. Luckily the person was heard before the compactor engaged. He or she walked off before anyone could be summoned to help.
Thank you to you and to all of the commenters - this story is a concrete example of a lot of thoughts that have been bothering me, and the comments help put it into perspective. And now I will remember him, too.
Not in the medical profession. (couldn't handle it.) I follow your blog for the humor and the history lessons.
Every now and then you throw in a story like this which shows us that you are not your average a run of the mill yak herder and I don't think you learned this in med school either.
I spent some time in ICU as a patient. ICU doctors and nurses see a lot of death, so naturally they become accustomed to it. Otherwise, they couldn't keep doing it. ICU nurses often seem more severe than others, but I'm sure they never stop caring about their patients and remembering the unusual or especially tragic cases.
He was scheduled to discharge to the nursing home that day. Totally stable, only stayed one more night due to when the home had an opening. The nursing assistant went into do vitals. We coded him for 30-45 minutes. The only family to call was a great niece.
Those of us who work/have worked as a front-line health care provider all have one that we will never forget. Mine was a teen-aged girl
put into foster care so that she could receive hemodialysis in a city with tertiary-care hospitals. She was from a rural first nations community. I still remember her accosting me in the mall at the kidney health information booth she was manning, and gently teasing me for not stopping.
She died, in hospital a few months later. All of the renal unit staff and physicians were in tears; she was such a gentle kind sole. What still brings me to tears is the image I hold of her foster mom comforting her birth mother. You see, no one knew her birth mother because all of their interactions were with her foster mom. As the girls' health declined, the foster mom reached out to her birth mom and arranged for her to travel to the city to be with her daughter when she died. But she sat alone on a bench in the renal unit waiting area because no one else knew who she was. Until the foster mom came to comfort her. I came upon them, sitting together, with their arms wrapped around each other, comforting each other in their grief.
Still brings me to tears every time I think of it. Because the birth mom was native and poor and the foster mom was a well-educated and middle-class. And together, they both lost a daughter.
I have one homeless man I won't forget. Young, blond, full of happiness. I often would take him a hamburger for dinner. He got an infection in one foot, and when they let him out, he returned to his doorway. He lasted about two years. I remember his good cheer,. He refused to go to a shelter, he didn't want help, and he always smiled.
As a young man I would ride the tubes into Manhattan in the company of my father, we would walk from the Christopher Street station to our respective workplaces. Christopher Street was the home of the Stonewall Inn and was no where as gentile as it is today. On the Streets in that area were many young homeless men, they were Gay and had been displaced from their homes because of it. Kicked out, disowned. My father who was a hard man, would always have a heavy pocket of change that he would dole out on our way down the street. I thought about that for years, here was a guy that sometimes put in 80 hours a week to feed his 9 children and yet he would always have some spare change . Once I asked him why he did that. He simply said, There but for the Grace. I follow he lead to this day and when my children asked why, I repeat There but for the Grace. Thank you for defining humanity.
Thanks, Dr Ibee. I have cared for some patients and clients with immeasurably sad life stories and circumstances. It is always possible to choose to be kind, even if only for a few moments or an hour. A smile to someone who on the sidewalk alone, giving a cup of coffee or a small gift card to local fast food places, a conversation face to face with some eye contact and a willing offer of your hand to shake..all of these have dignity in them, and can give a person a little bit of hope, a bit of connection to other people, and maybe a reason to try again to trust, or care for yourself, or to reach out for help and accept it when it is offered.
Knew of a family that had lost 2 uncles to alcoholism, and almost the last surviving uncle - serious alcoholic who passed out drunk into a large snowbank in a blizzard...came to as the dump truck turned into the park where the all the snow would be dumped into the harbor. Luckily someone heard him scream, and stopped the truck. Never took another drink. Family did not even know he was back in town until the ER called his sister. He knew a second chance when he got one. 22 years longer, sober, and often as happy go lucky as a kid. Never a bad word about anybody.
As a neurologist (pedi) my least favorite part of the job is getting consulted for prognosis or a brain death exam. Often we are asked to express to a family ust how little hope there is of a meaningful recovery. I am also so exhausted and infurated by abusive head traumas. Unrelated to those my toughest paitent so far was a young child who suffered an internal decapitation (rear facing car seats till 4 are a good idea). The mother really really wanted us to declare brain death but I couldn't; there were pupils. She couldn't bring herself to withdraw care. While I generally really dislike having to force the withdrawl of care this was one instance where I wish I could have been the "bad guy" and take the burden off of her as she even hinted that is what she wanted.
Oh, Dr Grumpy.... that's a very sad story , beautifully and evocatively told. Thank you for sharing it with us. That poor man. Thank you for trying, and caring.
I've got one, a cystic fibrosis (cf) patient. Nearly young enough to be my child, which is how he first stick in my head. Always polite! At four AM, I'm waking him to do treatments, and he apologizes for 'making' work for me. I told him don't ever apologize for that. We're here all night anyways, and you're polite, and smart enough to never refuse treatment, which many cf pts do. I told him we will always help him, and gladly. I was off for my MIL's funeral, but he was declining, and went on continuous non-intubated ventilation (smart enough to sign papers to refuse intubation and resuscitation earlier on). He was fine during the week I was out. It's for years later, and him apologizing is still clear as a recording. I'll never forget him, which is one of the best tributes there is.
I’ve read your blog for years. Non medical but appreciate everything you write. This one really got to me. Thank you for sharing his story. You remember him, and that matters.
My eldest brother was bipolar and homeless. We looked for him for years...I'd go to homeless shelters and my sister would play sleuth on the internet. We found him one day with a head injury and missing part of a leg in a hole in the wall nursing home. He had been there for 7 years unbeknownst to us. We moved him to a better nursing home and visited 3-4 times a week for the next 2 years before he passed away. I always wondered what the nursing home staff thought of his family, why we didn't come in. He was sitting right there in his wheelchair while we were totally clueless looking for him. I'm glad we had our time with him but sad we didn't get there sooner.
This blog is entirely for entertainment purposes. All posts about patients may be fictional, or be my experience, or were submitted by a reader, or any combination of the above. Factual statements may or may not be accurate.
Dr. Grumpy is for hire! Need an article written (humorous, medical, or otherwise) or want to commission a genuine Grumpy piece for your newspaper/magazine/toilet paper roll? Contact me to discuss subjects. You can reach me at the email address below.
Note: I do not answer medical questions. If you are having a medical issue, see your own doctor. For all you know I'm really a Mongolian yak herder and have no medical training at all except in issues regarding the care and feeding of Mongolian yaks.
…Larson Electronics is a 36 Watt LED motorized spotlight that operates with a hand held wireless remote control. This particular model is available in white and has a removable permanent mount shoe base. It produces a wide spot beam with an effective working beam of 900 feet long by 70 feet wide.…
…draw of approximately 2.5A. The decklight is designed to reach ranges upwards of 60`. The decklight is equipped with a PAR46 LED bulb with 30 watts The Permanent mount LED deck light can be mounted on any flat surface using only 4 small screws. Installation should be relatively simple and fast. For…
…beam with 1596 lumens of bright light. Seven Edison Edixeon® Emitters containing CREE EZBright® three watt LEDs producing 228 lumens each are arranged in rows and paired with high purity 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam with limited spread or light spillage. Unlike other LED…
…arranged in an alternating pattern with Forty Edison Edixeon 3 watt visible led emitters to create a checkerboard pattern unit. The LEDs are paired with high purity 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam 1,650` long by 240` wide with limited spread or light spillage. We offer…
…no illumination, completely sealed. This image shows the LED3M-WPG-RC in spot mode with it`s beam focused on the back end of the container. Specifications / Additional Information HL-LED3M-WPG-RC Handheld Spotlight Lamp Type: LED Dimensions: 6.75" x 7.14" x 3.62" Special Orders- Requirements Weight:…
…easy to turn the light on and off. This particular LED flashlight comes with an accessory kit, accessory kit contents listed below. The LED Pocket Flashlight runs on 2 - CR123A batteries and has a run time of approximately 4 hours. The LED pocket flashlight also accepts rechargeable 18650 batteries.…
…long by 90` wide light beam with 5,400 lumens of bright light while drawing only 60 watts @6 amps from a 12 volt electrical system. Six Seoul Z-Power 10 watt LEDs producing 900 lumens each are paired with high purity, 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam with limited spread or…
…EZBright® three watt LEDs producing 180 lumens each are arranged in rows and paired with high purity 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam with limited spread or light spillage. We also offer optional floodlight versions with 35 degree optics to produce a wider beam spread and more…
…optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam with limited spread or light spillage. We also offer optional floodlight versions with 35 degree optics to produce a wider beam spread and more light over a larger area nearer the fixture. These infrared LED light bars are IP67 rated and waterproof…
…a tightly focused spot beam 1,400` long by 220` wide with limited spread or light spillage. We offer optional floodlight versions of this light that have 35 degree optics to produce a wider beam spread and more infrared light over a larger area nearer the fixture. These LED light bars are IP68…
…LEDLB-80X2ET-IR-1227 35° Flood Beam (Opt) LEDLB-80X2ET-IR-122710° Spot Beam (Stnd) Durability: The LEDLB-E series of LED light bars from Larson Electronics offer IP68 rated construction that is designed to withstand extremes of environmental and operating conditions. The LED lights with the ‘E’ part…
…watt LEDs are arranged in rows and paired with high purity 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused, 1,750 foot long by 300 foot wide spot beam with limited spread or light spillage. We offer optional floodlight versions of this light that have 35 degree optics to produce a wider beam spread…
…system. A single Seoul Z-Power 10 watt LED producing 900 lumens is combined with high purity optics to produce a 10 degree spread spot beam approximately 225’ long by 25’ in width. We also offer floodlight versions with a 35 degree beam spread to produce a beam 65 feet long by 45 feet wide. This…
…tactical conditions. This light contains a single 10 watt LED rated at 120,000 hours of operational life which is paired with a patent pending reflector design to produce a light beam that reaches 800 feet in length and 175 feet in width. This beam is strong enough to allow operators to read signs,…
…LEDP WRE series LED lights. The LEDs produce 2750 lumens of bright light each, for a total of 11,000 lumens, while drawing less than 2.25 amps from a 12 volt electrical system. Combined with high output reflectors, these light heads produce a narrow 10 degree spread spot beam approximately 1000’…
…watt LEDs producing 180 lumens each are paired with high purity 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam with limited spread or light spillage. Unlike other LED spots, this unit is not a wide spot. The beam on this fixture is so tight, it resembles the pattern of an HID spot (not…
…arranged in an alternating pattern with 30 Edison Edixeon 3 watt visible led emitters to create a checkerboard pattern unit. The LEDs are paired with high purity 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam 1,450` long by 220` wide with limited spread or light spillage. We offer optional…
…even when on the shelf. The RL-11-LED LED light is configured to deliver a spot beam in excess of 3000 feet. A snap on diffuser lens is included in the blow mold style carrying case that enables the operator to convert the light to a soft, wide flood beam that covers an area 200 feet long and 200…
…Radioray from Larson Electronics is a 36 Watt LED motorized spotlight that operates with a handheld wireless remote control. This particular model is available in black and is permanently mounted. It produces a wide spot beam with an effective working beam of 900 feet. The GL-9049 Golight Radioray…
…produce a tightly focused spot beam 1300` long by 180` wide with limited spread or light spillage. We offer optional floodlight versions of this light that have 35 degree optics to produce a wider beam spread and more light over a larger area nearer the fixture. These LED light bars are IP68 rated…
…converter that allows operation with common 110-120 VAC household current. Light Output: The LED lamp in this Golight is a 36 watt high intensity LED assembly which produces 2520 lumens and a narrow spot beam over 900 feet in length. This lamp has a 6000K color temperature, giving it good color…
…months, even when on the shelf. The GL-8130 LED light is configured to deliver a spot beam in excess of 3000 feet. A snap on diffuser lens is included in the blow mold style carrying case that enables the operator to convert the light to a soft, wide flood beam that covers an area 200 feet long and…
…sign, notice that the actual beam reaches out farther than the Larson Electronics sign. This is a popular LED light with commerical fishermen. If you are selecting this light for commercial fishing use, be sure to select the spot beam option and not the flood beam. Lobster Fishermen have actually…
…a 90` long by 70` wide light beam with 720 lumens of bright light. Four Edison Edixeon® Emitters containing CREE EZBright® three watt LEDs producing 180 lumens each are arranged in rows and paired with high purity 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam with limited spread or light…
…long by 70` wide light beam with 2,160 lumens of bright light. Twelve Edison Edixeon® Emitters containing CREE EZBright® three watt LEDs producing 180 lumens each are arranged in rows and paired with high purity 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam with limited spread or light…
…LED light bar from Larson Electronics produces a 325` long by 70` wide light beam with 1440 lumens of infrared light. Eight 3 watt Edison Edixeon® Infrared Emitters producing 180 lumens each are arranged in rows and paired with high purity 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam with…
…electrical system. A single CREE 25 watt LED producing 2750 lumens is combined with high output reflector to produce a narrow 10 degree spread spot beam approximately 1000` long combined with a 60° flood beam. This combination spot and flood beam provides both distance and width from a single…
…The BCML-LEDP-1X10WRE LED bar clamp mount LED spotlight from Larson Electronics produces a 650` long beam while drawing less than 1 amp on a 12 volt electrical system. A single 10 watt LED is combined with high purity optics to produce a tight 10 degree spread spot beam. This fixture is ideal for…
…a 700` long beam while drawing less than 2 amps on a 12 volt electrical system. Two 10 watt LEDs are combined with high purity optics to produce a tight 10 degree spread spot beam. This fixture is ideal for anyone who is looking for a tight spot light that offers an outstanding LED life expectancy…
…12 volt electrical system. A single CREE 25 watt LED producing 2750 lumen is combined with high output reflector to produce a narrow 10 degree spread spot beam approximately 1000’ long combined with a 60° flood beam. This combination spot and flood beam provides both distance and width from a single…
…electrical system. A single CREE 25-watt LED producing 2,750 lumens is combined with a high output reflector to produce a narrow 10-degree spread spot beam approximately 1000’ long combined with a 60° flood beam. This combination spot and flood beam provides both distance and width from a single…
…that can serve as both a flashlight or a work light. This compact and powerful LED task light contains an LED lamp assembly that produces 400 lumens with both a spot and floodlight beam configuration. This 4 watt LED task light produces as much illumination as a 75 watt incandescent task light…
…160` wide light beam with 5,760 lumens of bright light while drawing only 96 watts @8 amps from a 12 volt electrical system. Thirty two Edison Edixeon® Emitters three watt LEDs producing 180 lumens each are paired with high purity 10 degree optics to produce a tightly focused spot beam with limited…
Polk State College is committed to equal access/equal opportunity in its programs, activities, and employment. For additional information, polk.edu/equity.
The medical transcriptionist is a key member of the healthcare team and plays an integral role in preparing the descriptive information of the patient’s medical record. This record may include medical history, diagnoses, treatments, physical examinations, and discharge summaries.
This Medical Transcription Program prepares students for employment as medical transcriptionists/medical language specialists in healthcare facilities including hospitals, physicians’ offices, clinics, medical transcription companies, or as independent contractors. Medical transcriptionists with experience may attain positions as certified language specialists, quality assurance specialists/editors, recruiters, trainers, transcription supervisors, and transcription managers. Most of the jobs in this area are home-based, making this field desirable for those individuals seeking flexible work schedules.
Students who score below the required levels on state-mandated placement tests in writing, reading, and mathematics must enroll in and complete the appropriate developmental courses before they enroll in some required program courses.
Courses are offered in a non-traditional format; students may contact the Program Director at mtinfo@polk.edu for scheduling information.
Graduate transcriptionists are eligible to take the national certification exam offered by the Association for Health Care Documentation Integrity (AHDI) to become a Registered Medical Transcriptionist (RMT). Information regarding eligibility and scheduling of the exam is available through the Program Director.
Note: This program requires stron keyboarding skils. A minimim of 45 wpm is required. Students who are weak in this area should take either OST 1100C Keyboarding, or OST 1142C Microcomputer Keyboarding I, prior to the beginning the program.
All catalogs © 2018 Polk State College. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
The Accounting Department offers interested and qualified students the opportunity to earn both a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting and a Master of Business Administration degree. While this program may benefit any student interested in the accounting discipline, the program was developed in response to the adoption by most states of a 150-credit-hour educational requirement to become a Certified Public Accountant. With judicious course scheduling, most students can complete the program within five academic years.
Students interested in this B.S./M.B.A. degree program should apply to Graduate Admissions as early as December of their junior year at The University of Scranton. Criteria for acceptance into the combined program include the student’s previous academic performance, GMAT score, letters of recommendation and statement of purpose. Students must adhere to requirements as listed in the Graduate Studies Catalog.
The side Door of the Cathedral of Clonmacnoice divested of all the flutings which make it too confused & can be drawn at large from the annexed plan
Architectural drawing of the Abbey Theatre stalls and parterre by architect Joseph Holloway [which entailed the conversion of the Mechanics' Institute into a theatre for Irish Theatre Society and National Dramatic company, funded by Miss Anne Horniman (1860-1937)]. Written in pencil in Joseph Holloway's handwriting on right hand side of sheet "Stalls / 230" and "Parterre / 200".
Hide full summary ... Architectural drawing of the Abbey Theatre stalls and parterre by architect Joseph Holloway [which entailed the conversion of the ...
[Architectural drawing of the ground floor plan of the Abbey Theatre stalls, focussing on the dimensions of the new floor]
[Architectural drawings relating to the vestibule of the proposed Abbey Theatre featuring on verso architectural drawings relating to the proposed seatings areas in the balcony...
[Architectural drawings of the Abbey Theatre featuring longtitudinal sections, basement plan and drawing of section to the staircase]
The additional geometry of the senior freshman year in Trinity College, Dublin, with general hints on memory.
A criticism of the astronomical theory of the ice age, and of Lord Kelvin's suggestions in connection with a genial age at the pole.
Ireland's best storyteller of radio, t.v. and Abbey [Theatre] fame. Having completed a successful tour of the U.S.A. - comes to Sacred Heart Hall Coolarne [Turloughmore, Co. Galway] on Friday, March 4th [.] Don't miss this great chance of seeing An Seanchaí [.] Commencing: 8.30 p.m. sharp [.] Admission, £1.00 [.] Admission by ticket only.
Hide full summary ... Poster printed by the Herald Printing Works, Tuam in bold black font on bright yellow paper.
An Seanchaí Eamonn [sic, Éamon] Kelly : Ireland's best storyteller of radio, t.v. and Abbey [Theatre] fame. Having completed a successful tour of the U.S.A. - comes to...
At the Cahersiveen Community Centre The Management Committee and The Abbey Theatre Dublin present the premiere of 'Here Is A Story' a night with the Seanchaí Eamon...
Siamsa Tíre The National Folk Theatre of Ireland presents Éamon Kelly in his new one-man show "The Story Goes" : at Siamsa Tíre Theatre, Godfrey Place, Tralee [,]...
Includes program information, contacts, events reports, and contacts for, Beavers colony, Wolf Cub pack, Scout troop and Venturer company.
Claims that Jonathan Swift used various words that look or sound like 'Yahoo', including Chinese, Greek, and Russian.
Yahoo group for all Buc fans. Participate in the daily email discussions, or sit back and follow along.
Discussion group to share hiking stories and learn more about the trails history and geographical features [requires Yahoo! registration].
Mailing list intended to supplement the exhisting Yahoo Locost group in what concerns the particularities of Portuguese regulations.
yahoo help view sign in program page sell blog search marketing please domains small business get viewmore terms customer yahoos privacy aabaco email hosting local existing affiliate inc also website advisor ifyoure partners online reliable policy central support home ecommerce onlineservices service links copyright claim web found
If the business hours of Scouts Canada, Beaconsfield Heights - Scout Group in may vary on holidays like Memorial Day, Independence Day and Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans Day and Thanksgiving Day. We display standard opening hours and price ranges in our profile site. We recommend to check out geocities.com/beacheights/ for further information. You can also search for Alternatives for geocities.com/beacheights/ on our Review Site Sitebook.org All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. If we should delete this entry, please send us a short E-Mail.
© 2018 SiteRanker.com. All rights reserved. SiteRanker and SiteRanker.com are trademarks of SiteRanker.com
At Caddick Davies Solicitors, we pride ourselves on our honest and transparent advice provided at the outset of any initial consultation. If you ask, What is your success rate? We will tell you that it is very good, however that each and every case must be considered on its own facts. If you ask, Can you guarantee I will be found not guilty? We will tell you that it is impossible to guarantee any outcome and it would be inappropriate (and contrary to our professional rules of conduct) to guarantee any result.
Whilst we will never guarantee any result, we can guarantee that in every case we will do our utmost to secure the best possible outcome for you. This is our guarantee.
Beyond this guarantee, we believe that our results speak for themselves. Over the last 12 weeks, we have successfully defended 8 out of 9 contested (those that went to trial) drink driving cases and of the one that got away, that case is currently proceeding to appeal before the Crown Court.
We achieve these results by way of our thorough knowledge of the complex subject of drink driving law and by never pursuing a case unless we believe that there are genuine prospects of success.
If we do not believe that you have an arguable defence, it doesn’t end there. We will advise you and if required represent you with a view to minimising any possible disqualification and in some cases if “special reasons” apply, we may be able to argue that you should not be disqualified.
If any of the issues raised in this article apply to you or you are charged with any drink driving offence, please contact us to receive specialist advice and representation for our drink driving offence.
Caddick Davies Solicitors do not condone drink driving or encourage any such act, however we do believe that every person is innocent until proven guilty and is entitled to the best legal representation
Caddick Davies succesfully defended my third drink driving charge on the basis of a technicality in the way in which my urine specimen was taken. I spoke with the firm and explained that I had been arrested following a night out and had provided a breath specimen above the legal limit, but below 50mg/100ml breath, so that I was given the option to provide a urine specimen. When this urine specimen was taken, I urinated so that the officer could take the first specimen and was then told to stop and start again for the second. I was immediately informed that this was a procedural error which will provide a defence if we can show that this is what happened. The firm obtained supporting evidence as to what had gone on and also obtained an expert report supporting my case. Mr Davies represented me at my trial and knowing they were not in a positon to challenge our defence the prosecutor attempted to adjourn the trial for the prosecution to get more evidence. Mr Davies did not accept this and immediately made it clear that this was not "playing by the rules". The magistrates agreed and the prosecutor offered no evidence so that I was found not guilty. An excellent result and I must thank the firm and Mr Davies for their hard work on my behalf.
Neil Davies and his team at Caddick Davies Solicitors worked endlessly preparing a multitude of legal submissions to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). These submissions clearly showed the immense knowledge Caddick Davies Solicitors had for The Road Traffic Act as the CPS had no option but to drop the case. I was prosecuted for drink... Read more »
The gin guild’s director general, Nicolas Cook, examines why consumers, media and the on-trade have helped bring about the renaissance of gin
THE GIN GUILD’S launch was very timely. It was just before what has been an explosion in gin brands, both in the UK and beyond.
The Gin Guild brings together distillers and industry leaders involved in the production, promotion, distribution and consumption of gin. It promotes and encourages excellence in the category, playing a key role in both consumer and trade education and is a go-to gin information source for the press.
We have more than 170 members worldwide, from Spain, France, Italy, US, Russia, Mexico, Canada, Liechtenstein, Norway and Japan and have enquiries from Sweden, Iceland and even Sri Lanka. Our members represent not only the big four distillers – Bacardi, Chivas Brothers, Diageo and William Grant & Sons – but brands from Adnams to Warner Edwards.
Consumers are now fuelling the gin boom. They are often surprisingly well-informed and curious, seeking out something new, exciting, or a gin whose production methodology, botanicals or back-story makes them want to find out more.
They are interested in authenticity, history and even the individuals who make their product – loving what are often quirky, artisan-crafted gins and the personal stories behind them.
While craft brands are remarkably buoyant, both in the on and off-trade, mainstream brands have worked hard to build interest and, as a result, there were almost £1bn of UK gin sales last year.
There hasn’t been a spirit industry conference recently that doesn’t feature – with envy and amazement – gin and its growth. CGA Strategy reports that smaller gin producers, reflecting the boom, diversification and interest in them, have grown in value by an incredible 135% over the past five years. They make up £64m of gin sold in the GB on-trade within the past 12 months, with the big four selling nearly £500m in the same period.
It’s not just in the UK but internationally that gin is big. Key markets include the US, Spain, Germany and Italy and there are style variants. The US has some particularly imaginative ‘new western’ interpretations and several German and Swiss gins, and others from that region (reflecting the regions taste for very botanical fruit spirit production), have distinctive multi-botanical gins (such as Monkey 47), which may shock UK palates.
The great thing about the gin category is that, within reason, its definitions (principally the EU definitions), are loose enough to allow a wide range of flavours, providing that, as required, juniper, the key botanical is predominant.
If the US market is anything to go by the gin market in the UK is still in a growth spurt. In 2003, there were 60 craft distillers operating in the US. Today, that total is 760, according to the American Distilling Institute, and a further 200 are under construction.
A key element in the gin revival has been the advent of quality premium tonics, which enable the individual flavours of gin to shine.
Premium mixers seek to play a role in what is a vital supporting act. Many are playing an important role, alongside gin brands themselves, in encouraging imaginative and attractive on-trade gin serves, whether an interesting and well-presented gin & tonic or a gin-based cocktail. The combination of key mainstream brands, additional interest from craft gin brands, alongside better serves, has whetted the appetite of consumers.
While there may be a point at which there’s saturation in the number of gin brands that can be supported by the market, I can’t see this renewed interest disappearing, based as it is on a more sophisticated and demanding consumer.
Hats off to all the gin brands which succeed. The game is afoot and once again success will depend on the key elements of product, packaging, provenance, promotion, price, premium, panache, profile and presence. We see some imaginative and hard work from brands to promote their differences.
Let’s raise an appreciative glass to them all – subject of course to recommended daily intake levels.
Quick plea: if you previously owned this vehicle, or your comment is detailed, please consider instead adding your info as a new record in the archive - it's easy and free to join, and the more records the better!
Date: newest first Date: oldest first Price: lower first Price: highest first Mileage: lowest first Mileage: highest first
Catherine is happy to discuss undertaking artist talks. attend conferences to discuss her story, life as an artist, her inspirations and creative process as well as the impact of art on her healing from depression , with regards well-being and mindfulness.
Accurate determination of the thermal history of sedimentary basins is critical to constrain the timing of diagenetic processes. Here, clumped isotope palaeothermometry is used to estimate minimum burial depth of the Lower Cretaceous Qishn Formation in east central Oman. Fossil oysters were collected in a soft argillaceous unit, thin-sectioned, and studied under petrographical and cathodoluminescence microscopy, revealing a variable state of shell preservations with early silica replacement of carbonate and late-stage calcite cementation. Clumped isotopes values varied from 0.602 to 0.666‰, with the best-preserved oyster shell yielding a temperature of 37 ± 4°C and a calculated oxygen isotope ratio in seawater (δ18Oseawater) compatible with Cretaceous seawater having experienced moderate evaporation (1.0–1.5‰ VSMOW). The new minimum estimates for the burial depth of the Qishn Formation is 1.0–1.2 km, based on the temperature difference between the well-preserved oyster and the partially neomorphosed oyster recording the highest burial temperature (63 ± 4°C). This is in excess of what was predicted by previous studies (<400 m), but compatible with conodonts alteration index temperatures (<80°C). This study highlights the potential of clumped isotopes as a quantitative tool to estimate temperature and burial depth in fine-grained carbonate succession where fluid inclusions are absent, and offers a new tool to constrain the thermal histories of sedimentary basins.
– GSL fellows: log in with your Lyell username and password. (Please check your access entitlements at http://www.geolsoc.org.uk/fellowsaccess)
– Other users: log in with the username and password you created when you registered. Help for other users is at http://www.geolsoc.org.uk/lyellcollection_faqs
You may purchase access to this article. This will require you to create an account if you don't already have one.
You may be able to gain access using your login credentials for your institution. Contact your library if you do not have a username and password.
If your organization uses OpenAthens, you can log in using your OpenAthens username and password. To check if your institution is supported, please see this list. Contact your library for more details.
NOTE: We request your email address only to inform the recipient that it was you who recommended this article, and that it is not junk mail. We do not retain these email addresses.
You are going to email the following Burial estimates constrained by clumped isotope thermometry: example of the Lower Cretaceous Qishn Formation (Haushi-Huqf High, Oman)
Message Subject (Your Name) has forwarded a page to you from Geological Society, London, Special Publications
Message Body (Your Name) thought you would be interested in this article in Geological Society, London, Special Publications.
Tectonic evolution of the Gulf of Mexico, Caribbean and northern South America in the mantle reference frame: an update
Petroleum reservoir quality prediction: overview and contrasting approaches from sandstone and carbonate communities
Naughty boy or a nana can show men how don t just chit chat about literally anything I please myself while hopefully. Dp and love putting toys and performs tasks like love games and that s how to easy going sedductive naughty sweet or. Each other loads of turn me realy hot man moan when you like depends on tha person. Watch the water caresses my naked foto that soooo sexy when a guest chat for jack offs outdoor sex gruppen. What up dis ya boi dee aka gerogia peach an trust ya boy got da peach. Then fuck hard more spanking in return in my youth to my profille. Otherwise im very submissive married couple that def enjoy each others mood.
Space Future has been on something of a hiatus of late. With the concept of Space Tourism steadily increasing in acceptance, and the advances of commercial space, much of our purpose could be said to be achieved. But this industry is still nascent, and there's much to do. So...watch this space.
Updated "What the Growth of a Space Tourism Industry Could Contribute to Employment, Economic Growth, Environmental Protection, Education, Culture and World Peace " to the 2009 revision.
"What the Growth of a Space Tourism Industry Could Contribute to Employment, Economic Growth, Environmental Protection, Education, Culture and World Peace " is now the top entry on Space Future's Key Documents list.
Join the sf-discuss mailing list to ask questions and talk about space tourism, vehicles, power, and habitats.
Kalusto Select Month September 2018 December 2017 May 2017 August 2016 April 2016 February 2016 November 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015
how to lose weight at 40 years old woman | impossible to lose weight after 40 | weight after 40 | ways for to lose weight
Food for thought: Weight loss isn’t as simple as calories in and calories out. By bringing macronutrients into play, IIFYM makes sure you’re not just eating cookies and calling it a day. Still, some critics say the diet leaves plenty of room for junk food since you’re allowed to “eat whatever you want.” You also run the risk of depriving your body of the micronutrients it needs. The IIFYM diet plan could be right for you if you’re smart about it and eat quality, whole foods and avoid the junk, at least most of the time.
Women comprise a significant proportion of instrumental soloists in classical music and the percentage of women in orchestras is increasing. A 2015 article on concerto soloists in major Canadian orchestras, however, indicated that 84% of the soloists with the Orchestre Symphonique de Montreal were men. In 2012, women still made up just 6% of the top-ranked Vienna Philharmonic orchestra. Women are less common as instrumental players in popular music genres such as rock and heavy metal, although there have been a number of notable female instrumentalists and all-female bands. Women are particularly underrepresented in extreme metal genres.[97] Women are also underrepresented in orchestral conducting, music criticism/music journalism, music producing, and sound engineering. While women were discouraged from composing in the 19th century, and there are few women musicologists, women became involved in music education "... to such a degree that women dominated [this field] during the later half of the 19th century and well into the 20th century."[98]
This heavenly brew is sweeter than soda, but it is also much healthier. The pineapple is a dense source of digestive enzymes. They really know how to make a girls stomach happy. The fruit, which is related to most berries, also contains a diverse assortment of beneficial vitamins. Meanwhile, the watermelon keeps the water watery by diluting the gelatinousness of other ingredients. Muddled rosemary finalizes this rare potion. This herbal infusion is great for easing pains in the lower belly, and it also helps wake up drowsy individuals. This recipe is shockingly irresistible, and every cup is hard to put down.
This high-fat, adequate-protein, low-carb fad diet sends the body into a state of ketosis, in which the body uses stored fat for energy. Research published in Clinical Cardiology suggests the ketogenic, or “keto,” diet can be an effective weight-loss method, but to be successful, you must follow the plan consistently with no cheat days — otherwise, you’re just eating a high-fat diet that may be high in unhealthy fats for no reason. (1)
While it might sound counterintuitive to eat something before you head out to a restaurant or party, showing up famished to the event will likely make it all the harder to stick to your weight loss goals. Eating something small (about 100 calories) with fiber (two to four grams) is a great way to readjust your appetite so you can show up and mingle a bit before diving into the cheese dip. Choose a whole food to take the edge off, like an apple or handful of nuts. For example, 30 pistachios are just 100 calories and offer two grams of fiber, along with protein and healthy fats, to truly take the edge off your appetite while providing a satisfying pre-party crunch. Enjoy your mini snack with a tall glass of water before the festivities to reduce your chances of post-party weight gain.
In more recent history, gender roles have changed greatly. Originally, starting at a young age, aspirations occupationally are typically veered towards specific directions according to gender.[47] Traditionally, middle class women were involved in domestic tasks emphasizing child care. For poorer women, especially working class women, although this often remained an ideal,[specify] economic necessity compelled them to seek employment outside the home. Many of the occupations that were available to them were lower in pay than those available to men.[citation needed]
Protein is kryptonite to belly fat, and the building block of a lean, toned bod. I have to admit, when Kumai began writing for men’s nutrition-and-wellness publications, she wasn’t too keen on their obsession with protein powders. Yet, as she began to research and experience the wonders of vegetarian protein blends, she soon became a fan. Within weeks of testing the post-workout smoothies for my book, Kumai’s body leaned up; and she had just as much muscle tone as she did when she was running half marathons. Here’s a delicious recipe to try; one sip and you won’t believe it’s healthy since it takes just like a vanilla shake.
Not a jock? Find other ways to fit activity into your day: walk to school, jog up and down the stairs a couple of times before your morning shower, turn off the tube and help your parents in the garden, or take a stroll past your crush's house — anything that gets you moving. Your goal should be to work up to 60 minutes of exercise every day. But everyone has to begin somewhere. It's fine to start out by simply taking a few turns around the block after school and building up your levels of fitness gradually.
As funny as it sounds, sleep deprivation may make you fat — and not just because you're susceptible to cases of the late-night munchies (although there's that too). There's tons of research that demonstrates getting less than the desired amount — about 7 hours — of sleep per night can slow down your metabolism. Plus, when you're awake for longer, you're naturally more likely to nosh. So don't skimp on your ZZZs, and you'll be rewarded with an extra edge when it comes to shedding pounds quickly.
Although a greater number of women are seeking higher education, their salaries are often less than those of men. CBS News claimed in 2005 that in the United States women who are ages 30 to 44 and hold a university degree make 62 percent of what similarly qualified men do, a lower rate than in all but three of the 19 countries for which numbers are available. Some Western nations with greater inequity in pay are Germany, New Zealand and Switzerland.[50]
have been on the low carb (Ketogenic diet) OVER A YEAR. 20-30 gr for the first 6 months, currently about 40-70 grams daily since then. maybe once a week 70-100gr; High fat (love my whole cream). moderate amount of protein. use coconut oil in decaf with the cream. Since increasing carbs the weight loss has stayed about the same +/- 5lbs but waist size increased by 1-2inches. Noticed hair loss but I don’t know if it’s stress related (husband died just before Christmas).
So, in the midst of this unexpected positivity, I got an email from Pamela Peeke, M.D. She wanted to have a call and give me some advice. In a very unlike-me move, I did not get to the email. I'm very good about responding to email, which has to be one of the lamest brags of all time, but in a world full of ghosting, I'm proud of my prompt replies. But I messed up, and a week and a half later, I got another email. Dr. Peeke wanted to make sure I got her message.
diet for 40 year old woman | rev up metabolism after 40 | losing weight after age 50 | exercise after 40 to boost metabolism
This popular diet program is fairly restrictive — and for the first 30 days, dieters must cut out dairy, grains, legumes, most dairy, added sugar, and alcohol without any slip-ups, according to the Whole30 website. (29) The aim is to “reset” your body and to adopt dietary habits resulting in weight loss. Cutting out added sugar and alcohol has merit, but all the restrictions prove challenging and could lead to nutrient deficiencies and disordered eating.
Make sure that everything you're eating is whole — as in nothing processed or packaged. Since salt is a preservative, these are the foods that are highest in sodium — something to keep in mind when planning your meals. Plan on making sure that all items you choose are fresh. That means filling up on fresh fruits and veggies, whole grains, low-fat dairy, and lean protein.
“A lot of people think the foundation of a paleo diet is high-fat meat, but I suggest that it’s vegetables,” says Hultin. The concept is to eat only foods — including meat, fish, poultry, eggs, fruits, and vegetables — that would have been available to our Paleolithic ancestors. This means grains, dairy, legumes, added sugar, and salt are all no-no’s.
What if I told you that you could transform your body and radically improve your health with the push of a button—and it’s would be easier more delicious than you ever imagined? That’s the promise of Clean Green Drinks, the exciting recipe collection of 100+ delicious cleansing recipes from health journalist, chef and TV host Candice Kumai. Here’s a peek at Candice’s book, and three of the best smoothies and juices for your belly.
Sidney is a two-time James Beard Award-winning food and nutrition writer, editor and mom based out of Birmingham, Alabama. A registered dietitian with a passion for research and being proactive about health, she loves to eat, write, run and create simple, tasty meals with whole-food-based approach. Find out more from her website, Instagram or Twitter.
Everyone’s water needs are different, but the Mayo Clinic recommends that most people aim to drink eight eight-ounce glasses of fluid a day. “That’s a good jumping off point, but a lot of people do better with more,” Cording says. That doesn’t mean you should guzzle gallons of water a day, but having an extra glass or two could make a big difference.
See a pattern? Now, I'm not saying these doctors were wrong, exactly. I did need to lose weight. But oddly enough, when I weighed less, the doctors were much more adamant that I lose weight than they are now. When I was actually becoming straight-up obese, it was more of an afterthought. They couldn't ignore my complaints and just say "there's nothing wrong with you," so they added a quick "lose weight."
If you’ve been eating fast food for years, get real about your approach: You’re probably not going to stick to an organic, gluten-free, paleo overhaul for very long. “You want to change as little as possible to create calorie deficit,” says Dr. Seltzer, who insists the best way to support sustainable weight loss is to incorporate small changes into existing habits. So instead of giving up your daily BLT bagels in favor of an egg-white wrap, try ordering your sandwich on a lighter English muffin. Or say you eat a snack bar every afternoon: Swap your 300-calorie bar for a 150-calorie alternative. “Your brain will feel the same way about it, so you won’t feel deprived,” he says.
Consequently, researchers have widely discredited the hCG diet, which involves using hCG injections, pellets, sprays, or drops, and consuming as few as 500 calories daily. The diet is problematic not only because there’s a lack of research on hCG supplements, but also because the calorie requirement is dangerously low, potentially leading to nutrient deficiencies, fatigue, hormone imbalances, blood clots, and other issues. Thus, most experts agree the hCG Diet is not safe for anyone, the Mayo Clinic notes. (35)
While booze shouldn’t be part of your daily weight loss diet, downing a drink every now and again won’t throw you far off track — so long as you order smart. Every Mad Men fan knows that Don Draper favors the Old Fashioned. And just so long as you don’t sip them to his level of excess, the 119-calorie low-sugar drink can keep you on the track toward your better body goal. Not a fan of whiskey? Check out these other delicious, low-calorie cocktails.
Like protein, fiber slows the rate at which your body plows through carb calories so you feel full for longer and maintain steadier blood sugar levels, one reason why research consistently links fiber intake to weight loss. That means fibrous whole grain bread tends to be a better choice than white bread and also explains why fruits, which contain fiber and valuable vitamins in addition to sugar, beat straight-up candy every time.
First things first: there's no reason to go on this diet unless you suffer from symptoms of acid reflux (heartburn, upper abdominal pain). If you do, experts say that what you eat can make a huge difference in finding relief, especially if you don't want to rely on meds. So you'll eat fewer fatty, greasy foods—goodbye fast food—and avoid alcohol. Both changes can lead to one nice (but unintentional) side effect: weight loss.
Drinking green tea regularly may not only boost your fat fighting metabolism, but may also play a key role in weight maintenance and hunger suppression. One study from the Journal of the American College of Nutrition found that in just two months, green tea drinkers lost an average of six pounds more than those who drank plain water. Green tea is also brimming with antioxidants and flavonoids that are good for overall health. Drink freshly brewed tea with no added sugar or cream — bottled store-bought varieties have fewer antioxidants (the  concentration decreases the longer tea sits after brewing) and are often pumped full of honey or sugar.
There are vital enzymes and organic acids present in apple cider vinegar. These contents are responsible for the increment of the rate of metabolism. An increase in this rate subsequently triggers the process of burning your body fats. The rate further decreases water retention in the body; thereby making you feel refreshed and hydrated. Apple cider vinegar significantly lowers the levels of blood sugar.
Detox water is the latest diet craze to take off in recent years, and it looks like more than just a mere fad. This approach to losing weight is miraculous for a variety of reasons. A potent taste is often all it takes to make some deviate from their dietary goals. This unfortunate truth has caused many girls to relapse in the middle of a working health regimen, but it no longer has to impede their progress towards a trim physique. With the advent of detoxification water, it is possible to enjoy delicious treats without sacrificing your figure. Succumbing to the desire for sweets no longer spells failure for a weight loss program. Because these drinks are so tasty, there is nothing to lose from enjoying them frequently.
Jump up ^ In 2006, the UN Secretary-General's In-depth study on all forms of violence against women found that (pg 113): "Marital rape may be prosecuted in at least 104 States. Of these, 32 have made marital rape a specific criminal offence, while the remaining 74 do not exempt marital rape from general rape provisions. Marital rape is not a prosecutable offence in at least 53 States. Four States criminalize marital rape only when the spouses are judicially separated. Four States are considering legislation that would allow marital rape to be prosecuted."[1]
The challenge of the Presidential Sports Award program is for Americans to make a commitment to fitness through active and regular participation in sports and fitness activities. Earning the award means that an individual has put in time and effort to meet the challenge of personal fitness. The award recognizes this achievement and the fact that the individual is part of a nationwide effort toward a healthier, more vital America.
@Mark, Whey protein is fantastic as a meal replacement. When you’re on the cutting phase (dieting) to retain muscle mass, a protein supplement will help with this. Remember though, there is no substitute for food. Consider lean turkey or chicken breast (with the skin off) but half your normal portion with lots of green veggies (which also contains carbs and protein to help keep you fuller for longer!)
For a fast track towards a clean system, nothing can compare with the unrivaled power of apple cider vinegar. This potent ally allows blood sugar levels to reach a balanced state, and it reduces the appearance of acid to promote body alkalinity. Each teaspoon carries a meager 3 calories, so there is no reason to hesitate when mixing it in. Adding sparkling mineral water can transform this drink into a decadent soda substitute. It can be a great way to switch off from unhealthy carbonated beverages. To match the sweetness of todays sodas, simply add stevia to reach a desired balance.
The macrobiotic style of eating has roots in Japan, but it's becoming popular around the world for a good reason: The primarily plant-based diet full of fruits, veggies, whole grains, and small amounts of fish could help ward off everything from heart disease and diabetes to cancer — mostly because you’re not eating sugar, processed food, or a ton of animal products.
Life without bacon and cheese sounds harsh, but your hips will thank you. Vegan diets beat out semi-vegetarian, pescatarian (fish), and omnivorous (meat and plant foods) diets, according to recent research. In fact, after six months, dieters lost more than twice the weight compared to the other groups. But you can't nix all animal products and call it a day—quality matters. "I see it a lot: two vegans, one is really healthy and the other is really unhealthy," says Pamela Salzman, an LA-based cooking instructor and holistic health counselor. "You can eat potato chips all day and that's a vegan diet," she says. If you're going vegan, focus on those complex carbs, produce, healthy fats, and whole soy foods; skip processed junk, even if it's vegan.
Bloating is directly attributed to water retention, which is something that cucumbers are known to prevent. Water rushes out of the system when cucumbers are consumed consistently. They are especially good for handling weight gain due to a menstrual cycle. Cholesterol is combated by oranges, which also assist the immune systems functions. The other citrus fruits in this blend emphasize a deep intestinal cleansing. Meanwhile, the mint fosters fast nutrient absorption and energy conversion. In general, it also quickens and eases digestion, especially for those who have ulcers or hernias. This recipe focuses on functionality over flavor, but it still has a decent taste.
Level of difficulty: Giving up fatty, sugary and salty treats is never easy, but the DASH diet doesn’t restrict entire food groups, making it more likely you’ll stay with the plan. Plus, the lean protein and fiber filled meals ensure you won’t be battling hunger pangs either. It requires no specialty foods or recipes and you’re not counting calories or points, just daily servings from various food groups.
How it works: The Whole30 diet plan resets your body by eliminating inflammatory food groups for 30 days. The theory is that something you eat is to blame for your medical condition. After a month, your body heals and you can reintroduce foods back one at a time and your body’s reaction will tell you if it should stay or be eliminated completely from your diet.
 “A calorie is a calorie” is an oft-repeated dietary slogan, and not overeating is indeed an important health measure. Rather than focusing on calories alone, however, emerging research shows that quality is also key in determining what we should eat and what we should avoid in order to achieve and maintain a healthy weight. Rather than choosing foods based only on caloric value, think instead about choosing high-quality, healthy foods, and minimizing low-quality foods.
Much has been made of the recently published results of the DIETFITS (Diet Intervention Examining the Factors Interacting with Treatment Success) study. Most of the headlines emphasized the fact that the two diets involved — low-fat and low-carb — ended up having the same results across almost all end points studied, from weight loss to lowering blood sugar and cholesterol.
There are many ways you can build a gut-busting salad, including loading on a ton of calorie-heavy toppings. A smart lunchtime salad includes a heaping pile of vegetables (lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, peppers), a four- to five-ounce portion of lean protein, and a vinaigrette for some healthy fat. “One of the reasons I love lunch salads is that you can have a large amount of food, which will keep you full until dinner,” says Cederquist.
The classic weight-loss shake got an additional injection of protein, doubling the old amount while slashing sugar content. The newest version of the long-lived shake comes in creamy vanilla and milk chocolate, so you’ll have to go with lower protein if you want something more creative like cappuccino. The key to the best tasting shake possible: always chill it thoroughly.
The MIND diet, or Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay, is a sort of hybrid between the DASH diet and the Mediterranean diet. It features foods meant to slow the progression or development of Alzheimer’s disease, the most common form of dementia and an incurable neurodegenerative condition that more than 5 million Americans are living with, according to the Alzheimer’s Association. (12) Some research backs up this notion, including a study published in September 2016 in Alzheimer’s Dementia that found a link between following the MIND Diet and a reduced risk of the disease. (13)
That notion is at once relatable and tragic, in that diet is inextricable from the amount of healthy time we spend on Earth. Improvements in diet are clearly associated with significant lengthening of lifespan and dramatic decreases in risk of most chronic diseases. Combining disease and longevity into the concept of healthspan, the number of healthy years of life—fundamentally more important but less readily quantifiable than lifespan—the data in favor of optimizing our diets are even more compelling. No one is arguing that diet is less than extremely important to health and well-being, but seemingly everyone is arguing as to what constitutes the best diet.
The least intrusive weight loss methods, and those most often recommended, are adjustments to eating patterns and increased physical activity, generally in the form of exercise. The World Health Organization recommended that people combine a reduction of processed foods high in saturated fats, sugar and salt[10] and caloric content of the diet with an increase in physical activity.[11]
For a pink and perky dieting treat, this luscious mint detox water is a festively progressive selection. With two tablespoons of raspberries, tartness is practically this drink’s middle name. These antioxidants are riddled with cleansing properties. The mint base shows that this brew means business. While the fruit goes to work by kicking out all unwanted biological agents, the mint leaves have a contrastingly calming effect. This duality results in a complementary approach to aiding digestion and losing weight. It is hard to believe that such a sweet treat has so few calories. This medicinal blend is downright addictive and sublime.
“It’s important to consider your goals and health issues when it comes to diet,” says Lisa Moskovitz, RD, CDN, and CEO of The NY Nutrition Group. For example, she would recommend a low-FODMAP diet for someone concerned with gastrointestinal issues. But it wouldn’t be the right fit for someone looking to lose weight, who would be better off with the DASH diet or Volumetrics, she explains.
This really feels different. My typical way of eating was broken. So, weight loss or no, I did have to change it or I'd wind up with diabetes and even more self-hate. Dr. Peeke's recommendations may not work for everyone—they may feel too restrictive or won't gel with your style or issues. That's totally fine. But so far, this plan has simply guided me away from emotional eating and reintroduced me to my more intuitive, moderate self.
Food for thought: In some cases, a diet based exclusively on plant foods may increase the risk of nutrient deficiencies. Because of this, vegans should eat fortified foods and/or supplements to get enough calcium, vitamin D, zinc, iodine, iron and vitamin B12. When done right with whole-plant foods and limited processed foods, a vegan diet can be healthy and result in weight loss.
“Don't like eating meat?” says Ginger Hultin, RDN, a dietitian in private practice in Seattle and a spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. “Then don't be paleo! Travel a lot and rely on eating out? The DASH diet may end in frustration for you.” The bottom line: The diet that you choose needs to be safe and effective, while taking into account your lifestyle.
Fill a big teacup with soothing peppermint tea, and sniff yourself skinny! While certain scents can trigger hunger (a trick Cinnabon figured out long ago), others can actually suppress your appetite. One study published in the Journal of Neurological and Orthopaedic Medicine found that people who sniffed peppermint every two hours lost an average of 5 pounds a month. (Although tea is relatively low in caffeine—about 25% of what a cup of coffee delivers—decaffeinated varieties are great to have on hand for a soothing bedtime treat.) Consider also adding a few drops of peppermint oil to your pillow or burning a minty candle to fill the room with slimming smells.
“There are many diet plans on the market today that promote good health,” says Emily Kyle, RDN, who is in private practice in Rochester, New York. “The key is finding one that does not cause you stress or agony.” Ask yourself questions such as: Would the diet guidelines make you happy? Anxious? Stressed? Are you able to follow them long term? “Factors such as enjoyment, flexibility, and longevity should be strongly considered,” adds Kyle.
U.S. News enlisted the help of a panel of food and health experts to rank 40 diets on a variety of measures, like how easy it is to follow, the diet’s ability to help a person lose weight in the short and long term, safety and more. The company then converted the expert’s rankings into scores that allowed them to determine the top diets. Beyond best overall diet, the experts also ranked the best diets for weight loss, healthy eating and more.
If you want a drink that mimics the fancy beverages served in health spas, try this homemade detox water. This is one of the best-rounded brews ever devised by human minds. The lemon leads to a cleaned out digestive system, and cucumbers keep your figure slim by eliminating unnecessary water storage. Strawberries combine with the other fruits to provide the most prominent edge of sweetness, which is accompanied by the brisk coolness of mint. This digestive aid merges efforts with the basil to create a stable stomach for any lass. Get ready to feel like you just ordered room service!
It’s time to break that soda habit, and this drink was created to help you do just that. Read up on how your favorite pop is killing you, this post will give you all the gory details, but it’s not just about the negative, it clearly spells out a healthy alternative. So next time you crave something bubbly, try this instead, we find most often it’s the bubbles we crave, not the flavor of the soda. Plus this one will help you lose weight and detoxify your body.
While it’s good to be aware of portion sizes on nutrition labels, why not flip them to your benefit? For example, instead of a bowl of ice cream with a few blueberries, have a bowl of blueberries with a spoonful of ice cream. While one cup of ice cream has more than 250 calories and not much in the way of nutrition, one cup of blueberries contains only 80 calories and is a good source of fiber and vitamin C. Or, instead of a plate of pasta with some veggies, have a plate of veggies with some pasta. A mix of steamed or roasted cruciferous vegetables works great with a smaller amount of pasta. Not only does this ingredient swap cut the calories in the dish, the additional veggies provide nutrients like fiber, potassium and vitamin A.
The educational gender gap in Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries has been reduced over the last 30 years. Younger women today are far more likely to have completed a tertiary qualification: in 19 of the 30 OECD countries, more than twice as many women aged 25 to 34 have completed tertiary education than have women aged 55 to 64. In 21 of 27 OECD countries with comparable data, the number of women graduating from university-level programmes is equal to or exceeds that of men. 15-year-old girls tend to show much higher expectations for their careers than boys of the same age.[86] While women account for more than half of university graduates in several OECD countries, they receive only 30% of tertiary degrees granted in science and engineering fields, and women account for only 25% to 35% of researchers in most OECD countries.[87]
How-life writer and unrepentant alcoholic Henry Chinaski was born to survive. After decades of slacking off at low-paying dead-end jobs, blowing his cash on booze and women, and scrimping by in flea-bitten apartments, Chinaski sees his poetic star rising at last. Now, at fifty, he is reveling in his sudden rock-star life, running three hundred hangovers a year, and maintaining a sex life that would cripple Casanova.
Watch your drinks. It's amazing how many calories are in the sodas, juices, and other drinks that you take in every day. Simply cutting out a can of soda or one sports drink can save you 150 calories or more each day. Drink water or other sugar-free drinks to quench your thirst and stay away from sugary juices and sodas. Choosing nonfat or low-fat milk is also a good idea.
"When going out for fast food, I used to get the large-size value meal. Now, I satisfy a craving by ordering just one item: a small order of fries or a six-piece box of chicken nuggets. So far, I've shaved off 16 pounds in seven weeks, and I'm on track to being thinner than my high school self for my 10-year reunion later this year." —Miranda Jarrell, Birmingham, AL
Green tea is an excellent choice when you’re looking for a little boost. Not only is it calorie-free -- some research suggests green tea extract may stimulate weight loss. It's not clear exactly how that works, but caffeine and micronutrients called catechins may each play a role. The benefit appears to last only a few hours, so it may help to drink green tea at least twice a day.
Grapefruit symbolizes the zenith of detox principles. When ripe, the uniquely bitter citrus is rife with vitamin A. This is particularly helpful if detoxification is meant to address an overdose or addiction. Unwanted drug reactions can be stopped by introducing grapefruit to the body. It acts fast to reverse adverse chemical responses. Meanwhile, the cucumber increases waters ability to flush the system clean. Oranges finalize the dietary advantages by instilling high concentrations of vitamin C. Harmful chemical agents simply do not stand a chance against this tangy drink. The resulting good health is truly glamorous.
Hear us out here: Diets can be restrictive, and you’re less likely to stick with one if you feel like you’re depriving yourself. While Cording swears that water is the absolute best thing you can drink for weight loss, she says it’s also helpful to incorporate one non-water beverage into your repertoire a day so you don’t feel like you’re missing out. That might be kombucha, a cocktail, or a latte—it’s your choice. “It seems to be a more manageable approach than saying you should just drink water,” she says.
It’s no secret that chugging plain H2O can be less than stimulating, but there are fun ways to make this healthy habit less of a chore. Certain fruits have detoxifying properties in their flesh and peels; slice them whole into your water to reap the benefits and hit your water intake quota with an infusion of flavor. For the definitive ways to drink up and de-puff, check out our list of 50 Best Detox Waters for Fat-Burning and Weight Loss!
Talk about heart ache: high blood pressure stresses arteries, and can make you more susceptible to heart disease. To eat to lower your blood pressure, you just need to focus on heart-healthy bites. The American Heart Association recommends loading up on fruits, veggies, whole grains, low- or non-fat dairy, beans, lean meats, and fish. Bonus: no one's ever gotten fat eating more kale and beans.
why is it so hard to lose weight after 40 | how do you get rid of belly fat after 50 | best ways to lose belly fat male | how to rid belly fat after 50
Life without bacon and cheese sounds harsh, but your hips will thank you. Vegan diets beat out semi-vegetarian, pescatarian (fish), and omnivorous (meat and plant foods) diets, according to recent research. In fact, after six months, dieters lost more than twice the weight compared to the other groups. But you can't nix all animal products and call it a day—quality matters. "I see it a lot: two vegans, one is really healthy and the other is really unhealthy," says Pamela Salzman, an LA-based cooking instructor and holistic health counselor. "You can eat potato chips all day and that's a vegan diet," she says. If you're going vegan, focus on those complex carbs, produce, healthy fats, and whole soy foods; skip processed junk, even if it's vegan.
If the diet is a quick fix rather than one that promotes lasting lifestyle changes, this could pose a problem. In particular, extreme diets that promise big weight loss up front aren’t always sustainable — and you may end up overeating or even binge eating if you feel deprived. “Consider if the diet’s habits are ones you can continue throughout your lifetime, not just 21 or 30 days,” says Angie Asche, RD, a sports dietitian in Lincoln, Nebraska.
The call wrapped up, and I was so grateful that someone had reached out in such a selfless way. Here's the thing all doctors can learn from Dr. Peeke: Whether you're talking about weight loss or depression, the story makes a difference. And when a doctor dismissively says, "Eat 1,200 calories" without knowing if you've had an eating disorder or great stress around food, that can be exceptionally damaging.
Say good riddance to the summers filled with unhealthy lemonade. Kiss the bellyaches goodbye by switching to the joy of this stunningly sweet strawberry detox water. A rich lemon core purifies the entire digestive arena, and it masks most of the complex flavor with a brilliant spectacle of sour. Scrunched basil leaves really amplify the tang, and strawberries bring endless antioxidants to the table. Overall, this is not a drink to be trifled with; however, it can be enjoyed during all occasions. As a bonus, it offers a great method to show off a gardeners grand harvest each coming year.
The idea is that the fasting induces mild stress to the cells in your body, helping them become better at coping with such stress and possibly helping your body grow stronger. The verdict is still out regarding the diet’s long-term effectiveness with weight loss, according to a review of preliminary animal research published in January 2017 in Behavioral Sciences. (17)
How-life writer and unrepentant alcoholic Henry Chinaski was born to survive. After decades of slacking off at low-paying dead-end jobs, blowing his cash on booze and women, and scrimping by in flea-bitten apartments, Chinaski sees his poetic star rising at last. Now, at fifty, he is reveling in his sudden rock-star life, running three hundred hangovers a year, and maintaining a sex life that would cripple Casanova.
You'll either love Bukowski or hate him. His writing is raw and crass and often gross. I'm a gd feminist and have read every Bukowski book in print with the exception of a few of his poetry books. If you're offended easily or uptight or prim, his stuff is not for you. If you want to go through the day to day foulness of a foul man's life with him inside his head in the most extraordinarily written diary-style books then Bukowski is for you.
Earlier this month, the Endocrine Society released a scientific statement saying that people can lose weight on any of roughly a dozen diets assessed by its researchers. A study published in February, meanwhile, found near-identical weight-loss benefits from low-carb versus low-fat diets. Another paper, published just a week later, said vegetarian and Mediterranean diets are equally heart-healthy.
Choose Liquid Calories Wisely. Sweetened drinks pile on the calories, but don't reduce hunger like solid foods do. Satisfy your thirst with water, sparkling water with citrus, skim or low-fat milk, or small portions of 100% fruit juice. Try a glass of nutritious and low-calorie vegetable juice to hold you over if you get hungry between meals. Be careful of alcohol calories, which add up quickly. If you tend to drink a glass or two of wine or a cocktail on most days, limiting alcohol to the weekends can be a huge calorie saver.
Whether you’re addicted to your local juice bar or pick up a bottle or two at the grocery store, you should know that even the most natural juices are loaded with sugar. A glass of 100 percent grape juice has nine teaspoons of sugar, a glass of 100 percent orange juice has six teaspoons, and a glass of 100 percent apple juice has seven teaspoons. (Actually, sugar can crop up in a lot of unexpected places. Check out the 10 kid’s meals that have more sugar than a can of Pepsi.)
In many parts of the world, there has been a change in family structure over the past few decades. For instance, in the West, there has been a trend of moving away from living arrangements that include the extended family to those which only consist of the nuclear family. There has also been a trend to move from marital fertility to non-marital fertility. Children born outside marriage may be born to cohabiting couples or to single women. While births outside marriage are common and fully accepted in some parts of the world, in other places they are highly stigmatized, with unmarried mothers facing ostracism, including violence from family members, and in extreme cases even honor killings.[70][71] In addition, sex outside marriage remains illegal in many countries (such as Saudi Arabia, Pakistan,[72] Afghanistan,[73][74] Iran,[74] Kuwait,[75] Maldives,[76] Morocco,[77] Oman,[78] Mauritania,[79] United Arab Emirates,[80][81] Sudan,[82] and Yemen[83]).
David Ludwig, M.D., Ph.D., professor at Harvard Medical School and author of Always Hungry?, says that the sugar in juice is digested super fast because there are no other nutrients (like fat or protein) to slow it down. That leads to a giant blood-sugar spike and subsequent crash that leaves you craving sugar and carbs, says Ludwig. And since we drink juice even when we’re not hungry, all those calories go straight to storage, he says.
Fasting is part of several religious holidays, Peake notes, and so the word can often have that connection. "It can also feel draconian, with visions of gnashing and grinding of teeth as you force yourself not to eat," she says. "Forget all of that." Instead, this is about giving your body ample time to regenerate and restore (without all that tiresome digestion getting in the way).
They serve a variety of functions that range from physiological to psychological. Mentally, these brews are awesome alternatives for snacks and meals. They fulfill the pleasurable reward principles without incurring any physical sacrifices. Similarly, anything that causes weight gain can be counteracted by adhering to the ritualistic consumption of detoxification water.
Lemon water detox methods have reached a zenith with this thirst-quenching diet recipe. For those that love sugary drinks, this tasty blend can permanently replace sodas and fruit juices. The mint is uniquely calming for all possible tummy woes; simultaneously, the lemons provide the maximum amount of internal cleansing. This vibrant potion will even appeal to those who don’t typically consume water on its own. The tingling refreshment is hard to surpass on any scale. Huge quantities of advantageous electrolytes are naturally embedded in the citrus fluids, and the chilly mint undertones in this recipe will cool off the entire beverage.
Whether you’re addicted to your local juice bar or pick up a bottle or two at the grocery store, you should know that even the most natural juices are loaded with sugar. A glass of 100 percent grape juice has nine teaspoons of sugar, a glass of 100 percent orange juice has six teaspoons, and a glass of 100 percent apple juice has seven teaspoons. (Actually, sugar can crop up in a lot of unexpected places. Check out the 10 kid’s meals that have more sugar than a can of Pepsi.)
The "all meat all the time" low-carb approach or strict veganism can be great options for people who thrive on clear diet rules (and those two are actually the most popular diets out there) but these extremes are not for everyone. If you prefer more of a moderate approach, the Flexitarian diet is the clear winner. The "flexible vegetarian" mindset allows you a healthy balance of plant-based foods, responsibly sourced meats, and quality fats. The best part? It's not super restrictive, so you have plenty of nutritious food options. (Start here: How to Adopt a Flexitarian Diet)
The focus of this piece is easily the paper-thin relationships that Chianski surrounds himself with. Every escapade leads to some revelation about his manhood, his fame, and his constant brush with the women that seem to constantly contrast with his one vice – a penchant for finding the most emotionally unstable women to have weekend relationships with, and being both unsatisfied with the sex and relationship, and surprised when the women cling to him with fervent desire.
Many variations of this eating style exist — ranging from fasting for a number of hours each day up to an entire 24-hour fasting period one or two times a week. “If you're trying to kick a habit like eating late into the night, then stopping eating earlier in the evening and fasting overnight could be beneficial for you,” says Hultin. “There are many types of intermittent fasting, so ensuring you pick one that works for you and your lifestyle is important.”
The unique energy boost in FRS One comes from Quercetin, an antioxidant that mimics the effects of exercise by enhancing the production of mitochondria, the energy-producing units in our cells. An animal study in the American Journal of Physiology that looked at the effect of quercetin supplementation on mitochondrial production and athletic performance, found that a daily dose of 25 mg/kg could double mitochondrial DNA and increase run-til-exhaustion time by 36 percent! The daily recommendation for humans is 500-1000 mg, and a bottle of FRS One serves up 325 mg.
Women have been composers, songwriters, instrumental performers, singers, conductors, music scholars, music educators, music critics/music journalists and other musical professions. There are music movements, events and genres related to women, women's issues and feminism. In the 2010s, while women comprise a significant proportion of popular music and classical music singers, and a significant proportion of songwriters (many of them being singer-songwriters), there are few women record producers, rock critics and rock instrumentalists. Although there have been a huge number of women composers in classical music, from the Medieval period to the present day, women composers are significantly underrepresented in the commonly performed classical music repertoire, music history textbooks and music encyclopedias; for example, in the Concise Oxford History of Music, Clara Schumann is one of the only female composers who is mentioned.
A lot of additives dilute the natural force of water, but cucumber is always known to enhance the potent properties of hydration. The outer layer also contains many compounds that are crucial to showing off the beautiful skin. Clear complexion can be cultivated quickly! Also, limes are the best citrus fruit when it comes to detoxifying the stomach and intestines. They lace the inner linings with a litany of helpful nutrients that ease digestion during every step. With just two ingredients, a lot of flexibility can be featured while making this tasty drink. Weight loss and dietary planning have never been this personalized before!
Some diet plans, such as the MIND diet and the DASH diet, are meant to focus on certain areas of health — and weight loss may be a bonus. Others are created with weight loss as a primary goal. “It is important to remember that we are all very unique individuals,” says Kyle. “We all have different states of health and different lifestyles, which could affect what diet plan is best for us. That means that you should not be considering what is working for your friends or family members — and instead should pay attention to what works for you individually.”
Violence against women remains a widespread problem, fueled, especially outside the West, by patriarchal social values, lack of adequate laws, and lack of enforcement of existing laws. Social norms that exist in many parts of the world hinder progress towards protecting women from violence. For example, according to surveys by UNICEF, the percentage of women aged 15–49 who think that a husband is justified in hitting or beating his wife under certain circumstances is as high as 90% in Afghanistan and Jordan, 87% in Mali, 86% in Guinea and Timor-Leste, 81% in Laos, and 80% in the Central African Republic.[53] A 2010 survey conducted by the Pew Research Center found that stoning as a punishment for adultery was supported by 82% of respondents in Egypt and Pakistan, 70% in Jordan, 56% Nigeria, and 42% in Indonesia.[54]
Girls' bodies undergo gradual changes during puberty, analogous to but distinct from those experienced by boys. Puberty is the process of physical changes by which a child's body matures into an adult body capable of sexual reproduction to enable fertilisation. It is initiated by hormonal signals from the brain to the gonads-either the ovaries or the testes. In response to the signals, the gonads produce hormones that stimulate libido and the growth, function, and transformation of the brain, bones, muscle, blood, skin, hair, breasts, and sexual organs. Physical growth—height and weight—accelerates in the first half of puberty and is completed when the child has developed an adult body. Until the maturation of their reproductive capabilities, the pre-pubertal, physical differences between boys and girls are the genitalia, the penis and the vagina. Puberty is a process that usually takes place between the ages 10–16, but these ages differ from girl to girl. The major landmark of girls' puberty is menarche, the onset of menstruation, which occurs on average between ages 12–13.[30][31][32][33]
Forget about the consequences of lemonade forever, and just enjoy the treat with this sugar-free version. With a perky infusion of strawberries and raspberries, hot summer days have never been better. If the ingredients sit in a chilled environment for two days, you will be greeted with pink lemonade that is out of this world. The lemons are always good for the stomach, but their healing properties have previously been counteracted by artificial sweeteners. Now, dieters can receive all the tasty benefits without enduring unnecessary bodily ramifications. Weight loss and enjoyment can co-exist, so feel free to drink up and have another!
To prep his patients for success, Dr. Seltzer tells them to plan around a large evening meal by eating a lighter breakfast and lunch—NBD since most people who eat a meal before bed tend to wake up feeling relatively full, he says. Research suggests balanced bedtime meals may also promote steady next-day blood sugar levels, which also helps with appetite regulation.
Over the last three months I’ve lost 22 pounds simply by upping my exercise and reducing bad calories. I’m 68 years old, always in good shape, but added sedentary pounds as I aged. (6 feet tall, 212 pounds before — 190 pounds now) I’ve generally restricted my diet to about 1200 calories a day — 200 – 300 for breakfast, 200 for lunch, and about 700 or less for the rest of the day. I try to vary the foods, do as much exercise as I can (biking, swimming, walking, weights). I drink as much non-caloric liquid as I can and I try to find food that fills me up — vegetables, fruits, mostly. I eat some cheese and a good hamburger occasionally, although I avoid most meat. I still work full time. I realize the discipline necessary, but it’s not that hard to do. I rely on a good scale and moderate my diet each day to keep a constant weight. My blood pressure has dropped from 130/80 to 117/72 and heart rate is resting 58. I’m lucky that my chronic diseases are not yet serious (osteoarthritis and borderline cholesterol, although I dont take statins because of reactions). I’m not a diet fadder, but using common sense goes a long way. Eat smart and work out. MM
The latest dieting trend has reached a new level of evolution with this insanely flavorful watermelon detox water. There are plenty of antioxidants stored within the juicy melons, and its nutrient contents are through the roof. One of its key compounds is the phytonutrient known as lycopene. This generous ingredient is an extraordinarily strong antioxidant, and it also is known to foster anti-inflammatory effects. Amino acids are also provided to aid in blood flow and cardiovascular well-being. This is great for anyone with a rigid fitness routine. Seedless watermelons are preferred for this blend, and the final product is a ruby red wonder!
This diet has some big guys behind it: The National Institutes of Health recommends TLC (Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes) for lowering your cholesterol and reducing your risk of heart disease—especially if you have risk factors like being a woman who is 55 or older, have a family history, or have high blood pressure. Following the diet—low in saturated fat and cholesterol, and focused on fiber—can lower your "bad" LDL cholesterol by 20 to 30 percent and allow you to take a smaller dose of cholesterol-lowering medication, the NIH reports.
For the relatively new keto diet, the experts were especially concerned about extremely high fat content -- about 70% of daily calorie intake -- as well as unusually low carbohydrate levels: only 15 to 20 net carbs a day. The 2015-20 dietary guidelines for Americans suggest that 45% to 65% of daily calories come from carbs but less than 10% from saturated fat.
The word woman can be used generally, to mean any female human or specifically, to mean an adult female human as contrasted with girl. The word girl originally meant "young person of either sex" in English;[9] it was only around the beginning of the 16th century that it came to mean specifically a female child.[10] The term girl is sometimes used colloquially to refer to a young or unmarried woman; however, during the early 1970s, feminists challenged such use because the use of the word to refer to a fully grown woman may cause offence. In particular, previously common terms such as office girl are no longer widely used. Conversely, in certain cultures which link family honor with female virginity, the word girl (or its equivalent in other languages) is still used to refer to a never-married woman; in this sense it is used in a fashion roughly analogous to the more-or-less obsolete English maid or maiden.
Rather than “”diet “ consider “change in eating habits “ identify vegetables that u are willing to eat as well as fruits. At meals eat a protein of choice and fill up on fruits and vegetables until u have eaten enough. You may also have one carbohydrate at each meal and drink any drink that is sugar free( seltzer, unsweetened herbal tea with lemon, coffee with cream) eat well and watch the pounds fall off! Gud luck
When you’re trying to lose weight over 40, even healthy foods require portion control. “Think about your stomach as being the size of two of your fists put together. When there’s a lot more on your plate than that—you might be over-filling yourself with more than you actually need,” says Bonnie Taub-Dix, RDN, creator of BetterThanDieting.com and author of Read It Before You Eat It - Taking You from Label to Table. To painlessly reduce portions, shave just a spoon or two less than you normally eat, she says. “Often, we don’t even need the extra we eat at mealtime,” says Taub-Dix.
As a Spanish tourist in Los Angeles and a fanatic movie lover I committed a terrible mistake. I went to see "The Women" The remake of one of my all time favorites. I've seen the original many many times, in fact I own it. My rushing to see the remake was based on Diane English, the woman responsible for "Murphy Brown" My though was: how bad can it be? She must know what she's doing. Well, I don't know what to say. I don't understand what happened. The Botoxed women is a rather depressing affair. Meg Ryan or whoever played Mary - she looked a bit like a grotesque version of Meg Ryan...another actress perhaps wearing a Meg Ryan mask - she doesn't bring to the character nothing of what Norma Shearer did in 1939. The new one is a tired, unconvincing prototype of what has become a farce within a farce. The "friends" Annette Bening, Debra Messing, Jada Pinket Smith are as disconnected as anything I've ever seen and if this wasn't enough: Eva Mendes as Crystal, the character created by Joan Crawford in one of her best and funniest performances. Eva Mendes's casting is really the poster sign for how wrong, how ill conceived this commercial attempt turned up. I didn't give it a 1 out respect for Candice Bergen and Cloris Leachman
If you want to read Bukowski's prose at its best, you've gotta read Women, Post Office and Ham on Rye. Phenomenal reads. You'll laugh til your stomach hurts, gasp in horror, and shake your head at the debauched ways of Hank Chinaski. A must-read for lovers of contemporary fiction. The bold, brash prose is addictive and flawlessly done -- raw and shameless.
If you could hunt and gather it, you can eat it. That means yes to meats, fruits and veggies, eggs, nuts, seeds, oils like olive and coconut, and seafood. But cereal grains, legumes, dairy, and potatoes are all big no-nos. While research isn't conclusive, small studies say go for it. One found that after three weeks, people dropped five pounds. Another found that after 10 days, blood pressure and cholesterol improved. So it can slim down your tush and healthy up your heart, but the restriction (sure, cake is out, but so are beans) can drive you cray-cray—not to mention make going out to eat more difficult. Still not sure? Check out these seven things no one is telling you about going Paleo.
However, it is undeniable that you can significantly narrow down your scope of selection when you opt for natural methods of weight loss. These homemade alternatives have shown to be more reliable and safe compared to chemical drugs and methods for weight loss. Homemade weight loss drinks are natural alternatives which will help you shed weight without any health risks.
why women gain weight after 40 | womenrkout routines for over 40 | weight loss after 50 before and after | women's metabolism after 30
You don’t have to like cucumbers to fall madly in love with this unencumbered cucumber detox water. All of the rehydrating properties of this grand garden vegetable are masked under a guise of lively lemon and mystifying mint. These two inclusions add plenty of sweetness without resorting to the unnecessary contamination of artificial sugars. This refined beverage is typically reserved for classy spa environments, but it can be enjoyed anywhere on the move. For a full day of drinks, the recipe calls for 10 mint leaves, 1 wedged lemon and 1 sliced cucumber. Everything is collected within a sealed vial for chilled overnight storage.
Here we go! This one is a special elixir that cures the mind and body alike. The blueberries naturally expel unwanted toxins in droves, and they release ample B vitamins into the system, which promotes energetic exercise alongside active engagement. The lavender is also particularly soothing for the brain. In terms of detox water recipes, it is hard to find another brew that delivers such stamina and clarity. When selecting lavender leaves, it is wise to select mature plants with robust petals. The opposite is true for berries. With smaller varieties, more nutrients can be jam-packed into the detox blend.
If you've got baby making on the mind, this may be the diet for you. Its basis comes from a 2009 book by Harvard docs, in which they make their recommendations from the Nurses' Health Study that concluded that what you eat impacts egg quality, ovulation, and your chances of getting pregnant. So you'll skip Standard American Diet stuff—red meat, processed foods with trans fats—and eat more veggie protein, nuts, and whole fat dairy. U.S. News & World Report gave The Fertility Diet one of the top overall diet honors thanks to the balanced approach; plus, it comes with the added perks of helping protect your heart and prevent diabetes.
Also some research shows that the human body is primed to consume most of its calories during daylight hours. But the lifestyle is problematic for many: Because family meals and dinners with friends often are scheduled for after sunset, “people who try to stop eating after 7pm can’t do it every day for the rest of their lives,” says Dr. Seltzer, who supports an alternative strategy: Eating a hearty meal at your regular dinnertime.
A woman is a female human being. The term woman is usually reserved for an adult, with the term girl being the usual term for a female child or adolescent. The term woman is also sometimes used to identify a female human, regardless of age, as in phrases such as "women's rights". Women with typical genetic development are usually capable of giving birth from puberty until menopause. There are also trans women (those who have a male sex assignment that does not align with their gender identity),[1] and intersex women (those born with sexual characteristics that do not fit typical notions of male or female).
I love this study because it examined a realistic lifestyle change rather than just a fad diet. Both groups, after all, were labeled as healthy diets, and they were, because study investigators encouraged eating high-quality, nutritious whole foods, unlimited vegetables, and avoiding flours, sugars, bad fats, and processed foods. Everyone was encouraged to be physically active at a level most Americans are not. And — this is a big one — everyone had access to basic behavioral counseling aimed at reducing emotional eating.
No, My food is about 70%carbs (rice, bread)..should i tract my calories individually like for example instead of looking into per cup of vegetable salad-i will put how much of each vegetable i put on my salad...i am completely at lost and frustrated since i started intermettent fasting my weight goes from 57kg then 56.7kg then when i weight again yesterday i am at 57.7kg :( please guide me, there must be something i am missing..
Water helps you feel full, so you eat less. “Consuming eight to 10 cups of plain water daily can boost weight loss because research shows that thirst can be confused with hunger,” says Misti Gueron, MS, RDN, nutritionist at the Khalili Center. “Many people reach for food because of cravings, low energy or boredom, and these habits can lead to unnecessary weight gain,” she added. In fact, it’s so powerful that one study found that people who drank two cups of water 30 minutes before meals for three months dropped nearly three more pounds than people who didn’t pre-hydrate before mealtime. To help achieve your weight loss goal, try drinking eight ounces of water when you first wake up, carrying a BPA-free water bottle or tracking your water intake on your phone.
Aim for healthy foods instead of dietary supplements and herbal products. Healthy, whole foods are the best way to get the nutrients you need. Plant-based foods (fruits, vegetables, beans, legumes and whole grains) provide fiber, vitamins, minerals and phytochemicals that cannot be duplicated by a supplement. Some dietary supplements and herbal products may actually interfere with cancer treatment, so it's critical that you speak with your physician before taking anything.
A love for the drive thru can get you in trouble: being overweight is one risk factor for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, which can happen when fat builds up in the liver and those fatty foods make the organ work overtime. Luckily, though, cleaning up your eats can help reverse some damage to liver cells. The American Liver Foundation recommends keeping them low-cal and loading up on fiber (raspberries, lentils, and oatmeal are good choices). But keep in mind this isn't a fad diet—it's more a medical necessity for those at risk. So while it's generally healthy, there's no reason to go on it specifically unless advised by your doctor.
An imbalance of maternal hormonal levels and some chemicals (or drugs) may alter the secondary sexual characteristics of fetuses. Most women have the karyotype 46,XX, but around one in a thousand will be 47,XXX, and one in 2500 will be 45,X. This contrasts with the typical male karotype of 46,XY; thus, the X and Y chromosomes are known as female and male, respectively. Because humans inherit mitochondrial DNA only from the mother's ovum, genetic studies of the female line tend to focus on mitochondrial DNA.[citation needed]
1033 We cannot be united with God unless we freely choose to love him. But we cannot love God if we sin gravely against him, against our neighbor or against ourselves: "He who does not love remains in death. Anyone who hates his brother is a murderer, and you know that no murderer has eternal life abiding in him."610 Our Lord warns us that we shall be separated from him if we fail to meet the serious needs of the poor and the little ones who are his brethren.611 To die in mortal sin without repenting and accepting God's merciful love means remaining separated from him for ever by our own free choice. This state of definitive self-exclusion from communion with God and the blessed is called "hell."
1034 Jesus often speaks of "Gehenna" of "the unquenchable fire" reserved for those who to the end of their lives refuse to believe and be converted, where both soul and body can be lost.612 Jesus solemnly proclaims that he "will send his angels, and they will gather . . . all evil doers, and throw them into the furnace of fire,"613 and that he will pronounce the condemnation: "Depart from me, you cursed, into the eternal fire!"614
1035 The teaching of the Church affirms the existence of hell and its eternity. Immediately after death the souls of those who die in a state of mortal sin descend into hell, where they suffer the punishments of hell, "eternal fire."615The chief punishment of hell is eternal separation from God, in whom alone man can possess the life and happiness for which he was created and for which he longs.
1036 The affirmations of Sacred Scripture and the teachings of the Church on the subject of hell are a call to the responsibility incumbent upon man to make use of his freedom in view of his eternal destiny. They are at the same time an urgent call to conversion: "Enter by the narrow gate; for the gate is wide and the way is easy, that leads to destruction, and those who enter by it are many. For the gate is narrow and the way is hard, that leads to life, and those who find it are few."616
Since we know neither the day nor the hour, we should follow the advice of the Lord and watch constantly so that, when the single course of our earthly life is completed, we may merit to enter with him into the marriage feast and be numbered among the blessed, and not, like the wicked and slothful servants, be ordered to depart into the eternal fire, into the outer darkness where "men will weep and gnash their teeth."617
1037 God predestines no one to go to hell;618 for this, a willful turning away from God (a mortal sin) is necessary, and persistence in it until the end. In the Eucharistic liturgy and in the daily prayers of her faithful, the Church implores the mercy of God, who does not want "any to perish, but all to come to repentance":619
Joe Diedrich is not your average Catholic. In fact, for most of his early adult life he was adamantly and vocally anti-Catholic, much to the disappointment of his Catholic school teachers.
Even though Joe was brought up in the Church, his catechism experience, family tragedies and substance abuse issues kept him from fully accepting and living the faith.
Joe was born in Rockford, Ill., and was the youngest of six kids. On the outside, they were the perfect Catholic family. However, when tragedy hit, Joe says instead of turning toward the Faith, he ran screaming from it in the opposite direction.
“There were six of us kids but three died within the first week of life. When I was 10 my brother was hit by a car and killed and then in 1988, my sister was raped and murdered. After that I looked around at these people in my life who were supposedly representatives of Catholicism, and I just wanted to have nothing to do with them or the Church,” Diedrich says. “I was extremely verbal about my hatred and, really, it was all based on ignorance.”
Substance abuse and illegal activity took over Joe’s life in high school and he credits these, in part, for his crisis of faith. It got to the point where he was having suicidal thoughts, but three months after he graduated high school he had, what he calls, a “moment of reversion.”
“After a night of indulging in some illegal activity, I ended up alone and drunk and in a rainstorm, when it happened. I thought I was going to die. I’m absolutely convinced the Divine intervened. After that night, I never touched another drop and now I’ve been 34 years sober. I don’t call it a conversion since I grew up Catholic, I call it a Reversion,” says Diedrich.
Once he sobered up, Joe decided to go to Benedictine College in Kansas for his sophomore–senior years of college.
“Even though I had this experience, I was still pretty messed up, but Benedictine College saved me. It was not just the catechesis but the fellowship was unbelievably loving.
and they demonstrated that. I went to them newly sober, clean and a mental case and they just loved me back to spiritual health,” says Diedrich.
In Joe’s journey back to Catholicism, Diedrich mentions being happy to be back, but, after a while, he realized deep down he was just going through the motions. In 2000, Joe says he experienced some enlightening experiences with forgiveness and has been dedicated ever since.
“One night I just lost it and just blew up and I hurt someone very dear to me. And they forgave me. I had never seen anything like that. I’ve always lived a self-centered life, but that’s gotten a lot better thanks to God and the forgiveness of others.”
The past 16 years were a time of growth and awakening for Diedrich. During that time, he became a dedicated religious education teacher — but has one regret — allowing his past to prevent him from starting sooner.
“As a kid, I fought religious education tooth and nail because I felt like no one really cared. Now, considering how I grew up, I think I have a lot of “street cred” with these kids. They are really interested in learning about the Church. The highest compliment I received from a student was, ‘You make it fun!’ That’s how they’re going to remember,” says Diedrich.
A tool he uses in class are the stories of the saints, which helped him grow in faith when he was struggling.
“I am inspired by their lives and I want to share that with others. So, I started making these Saint Shirts that I wear all the time and people asked about them. I started telling the kids stories about Maximilian Kolbe, and they begged to hear more,” says Diedrich.
One thing Joe wants other fallen away Catholics who are considering coming back to know is that you don’t have to throw the baby out with the bathwater.
“I think a vast majority have fallen away based on personalities not principles. It’s important to keep an open mind, search for someone and/or someplace where you feel safe asking questions. If you’re afraid to ask questions, ask them scared. If your scared to do the right thing, do it scared, that means it’s probably the right thing.”
Member of the Salesians, professed in Seville, Spain in 1909. Priest, ordained in Andalusia in 1917. Martyred in the Spanish Civil War.
Jamal Khashoggi said ‘I'm suffocating... Take this bag off my head' before he died: Final words of slain journalist revealed
The final known words of slain dissident jounalist Jamal Khashoggi were revealed today by a Turkish newspaper. Washington Post contributor Mr Khashoggi, a prominent critic of the Saudi authorities, w....
CURRENCY dealers bet heavily against the pound today amid growing fears over the collapse of Theresa May’s fragile Brexit hopes and more ministerial resignations this week. May’s unpopular deal is ha....
The film was created with original footage from Imperial War Museums’ film archive and audio from BBC archives.....
Police speak with the public in Melbourne on Saturday, a day after a man went on a stabbing frenzy on Bourke Street. Police declared the event a terrorist attack. Scott Morrison has said the Muslim ....
‘The DUP has made it plain that it will not accept either a regulatory or customs border down the Irish Sea.’ Theresa May, left, and DUP leader Arlene Foster. Theresa May will run out of money this w....
X Factor latest: Robbie Williams and Ayda Field down to one act each as Misunderstood and Giovanni Spano axed
Giovanni Spano and Misunderstood became the latest two acts to get the boot from The X Factor as the double eliminations continued. Absent judge Robbie Williams lost his third act after the duo finis....
In case sea freight hold-ups get to much, BMW has secured air options for post-Brexit part imports.....
The Manchester City manager was happy with his players after the 3-1 win over Manchester United.....
Celebrities whose coastal homes have been damaged or destroyed in a Southern California wildfire or were forced to flee from the flames expressed sympathy and solidarity with less-famous people hurt w....
Israeli security forces killed six Palestinians including two commanders from the Hamas Islamist group in the Gaza Strip on Sunday, Palestinian officials said. A Hamas official said violence erupted ....
If so, it’s just had a bonanza, segueing neatly from a stampede for tickets to hear Michelle Obama in conversation at London’s Royal Festival Hall to a full-on meltdown in pursuit of a chance to see f....
Remembrance Sunday saw tributes nationwide as Britain – and the world – fell silent to mark the centenary of the end of World War One. One of the most powerful commemorative events took place on Brit....
Wayne Rooney will pull on an England shirt for the final time at Wembley on Thursday night as the Three Lions host the USA in an international friendly. Rooney officially retired from international f....
Major Chinese animal feed maker Tangrenshen Group reported on Sunday that feed produced by one of its units had been contaminated with African swine fever, raising fears of its spread further across t....
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd cashed a record 213.5 billion yuan (£23.8 billion) in sales on Sunday during its 24-hour online retail frenzy Singles' Day, but the event's annual g....
The project for the centenary of Armistice Day, was inspired by film maker Danny Boyle, as an informal, nationwide gesture of remembrance.....
An on-the-run fraudster was able to escape the country by taking a flying lesson and persuading the instructor to drop him off in France, a court heard. ....
An enormous shark ”nursery” swarming with the predatory fish and strewn with their eggs has been found in the waters 200 miles off the western Irish coast. The rare discovery was made by a remotely o....
Irish Premier Leo Varadkar paid a warm tribute to Mr Higgins, describing Ireland as fortunate to have him as president.....
The moon will be in a waxing gibbous phase, with about 60% of its disc illuminated. The pair will be in the constellation Aquarius. Next morning, a glittering duo will be visible as they rise above ....
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho said his side were improving after losing 3-1 to Manchester City.....
Athenahealth, whose cloud-based service is used to track revenue from patients, physicians and hospitals, had been under pressure to sell itself from Elliott, which has about a 9 percent stake in the ....
Finland's GPS signal was intentionally disrupted during NATO war games in the Nordic countries over the past few weeks and the culprit could be Russia, Prime Minster Juha Sipila said on Sunday. Finla....
A simple, five-minute neck scan could predict the potential onset of dementia 10 years before symptoms appear, research has found.....
Steve McQueen’s Tate Britain project is based on another artist's idea, ex-British Council director claims
Steve McQueen’s ambitious project to photograph every Year 3 pupil in London is based on the idea of another artist who started working in schools 14 years ago, a former British Council director has c....
"We are working to set the conditions in order to create a single player to distribute internet and broadband," Di Maio, who also doubles as Industry Minister, said in an interview with la7 television....
The Little Drummer Girl, episode 3, review: This latest BBC dramatisation of a John le Carre novel is brilliantly done
Charlie (Florence Pugh), young English actress improbably turned Mossad agent, manages to drive a car full of (concealed) Semtex across Europe without lighting a fag (inadvisable in the circumstances)....
A senior Air India pilot was grounded after he failed breathalyser tests shortly before a flight from New Delhi to London on Sunday. Arvind Kathpalia, who is responsible for safety at the airline as ....
The photos have gone on display in a special exhibition at Maryhill Burgh Halls to mark the centenary of the end of the First World War.....
Matt Hancock will champion the UK’s genomics, life sciences and artificial intelligence programmes in Paris speech. The health secretary, Matt Hancock, is to meet the French president, Emmanuel Macro....
The retailer’s former store at Bank Buildings, a B1-listed building in the heart of the city centre, was badly damaged in a major blaze.....
One in five millennials who have seen someone experiencing physical difficulties in public said they did not offer to help, a poll has found. The findings have been revealed to mark the launch of the....
Transport charity Sustrans wants a further 5,000 miles of the network to be traffic-free by 2040.....
The pair watched as flowers were laid at the grave of The Unknown Warrior, later shaking hands at the end of the service.....
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Ezekiel Elliott had 151 yards rushing and his go-ahead 1-yard touchdown run in the fourth quarter helped the Dallas Cowboys beat the Philadelphia Eagles 27-20 on Sunday night.....
Embroidered clothing will be programmed to move in the neural patterns and pathways associated with epilepsy.....
Ten people were killed in the Ballymurphy area of west Belfast during three days of gunfire in August 1971.....
© 2018 City of Airway Heights. All Rights Reserved. | Website Created & Hosted by Vision Internet – Innovators of Online Government
fake wood plank flooring beautiful fake wood flooring best ideas about fake wood flooring on plank of wide plank fake wood flooring.
For those suffering from back and neck pain related to an underlying spinal issue, there is nothing better than having treatment options. Many doctors resort to stale solutions and ineffective choices, but not Dr. Kube and his team. They work tirelessly to make sure all patients have options to choose from.
When a patient schedules an appointment with Dr. Kube, they can expect one-on-one treatment with the ability to ask and answer questions. Dr. Kube will assess the situation, explain his way of thinking, and present the patient with options for pain relief.
When Dr. Kube presents options to his patients, they usually include something in one of the following categories:
Rehab. Whenever rehab is an option, Dr. Kube suggests trying it before proceeding to more invasive options. Rehab uses targeted movements and stretches to attack the site of pain and release tension and irritation
Medication. Medication is often used in conjunction with rehab and typically comes in the form of over-the-counter drugs or prescription medication.
Injections. When standard drugs don’t seem to work, injections are suggested as a way to directly target the injury. These injections work by reducing inflammation and alleviating pain. Injections are also often used to assist in the diagnosis of your condition.
Ask Spine Surgeons is a weekly series of questions posed to spine surgeons around the country about [...]
Prairie Spine is celebrating the fall season and the festivities upon us! Dr. Richard Kube recently [...]
Millions of people do it throughout the day and are totally unaware that cell phone use can be detri [...]
Join the record number of people celebrating World Spine Day who are committing to “Love Your Spine” [...]
Prairie Spine and Pain Institute is group of experts with decades of experience that know how to help patients manage pain. Migraine headaches, chronic back pain, neck pain, sudden injuries after accidents and other types of pain are all treated differently. Dr. Richard Kube is pioneering many surgical treatments firsts.1-800-Spine-Dr.
Welcome to the garden city of Bangalore…which is also known as IT capital of the India. We are glad to welcome you to this site.
Dr.Mercy’s ENT Clinic established in 2002 with all types of modern ENT equipments like ENT OPD Unit, Endoscope , Microscope, Suction apparatus etc. The clinic is situated at H.S.R. BDA Complex, Near Koramangala 1st block ,Bangalore ( Bengaluru ), Karnataka, India.
The primary commitment of this specialty clinic is to provide quality medical and surgical care to patients for the disorders affecting the ear, ,nose, throat, Head & neck.
Using the forum. By registering on this forum, you agree to use it properly, and to refrain from posting any content that is aggressive, offensive, defamatory, hateful, or in violation of applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to post messages inciting or evoking illegal practices, or violating the terms of use of the service.
The moderators and administrators of this forum will do their best to delete or edit any reprehensible messages that may be posted on the forum. You acknowledge that all messages posted on this forum express the opinion of their respective authors, and do not necessarily reflect the position of the moderators and administrators.
In order to ensure the moderation of this forum, any message violating the preceding provisions may be edited or deleted without notice by the moderators and administrators of the forum. Any abuse may also be sanctioned by banning or deleting the user account. We reserve the right to inform your access provider and/or the judicial authorities of any malicious behaviour.
Your personal data. By registering on this forum, you agree that it may collect some of your personal data. This data collection is done either through the information you provide us, or through the use of the services itself, for technical data used for the forum proper functioning. You can access, modify or delete your data at any time. Users under 16 years old certify that they have obtained the consent of their legal guardian in order to proceed with this registration. For more information, please read our privacy policy.
This forum uses cookies to store information on your computer. These cookies only serve to improve the user experience. You can read the purpose of cookies on our forum help center. You can choose in your browser settings not to enable cookies, as this may disrupt the forum proper functioning.
This forum may send you electronic messages (e-mail), such as activity notifications, or newsletters, sent by Forumotion or by an administrator of this forum. You can choose in your profile preferences to receive or not each of these messages.
Taking the advice from the Pragmatic Programmer I set out to learn Haskell this year. My plan didn't turn out like I expected. I started learning Haskell by working through Real World Haskell. It was tough going, so I decided I wanted to start blogging about it. It was than that I remembered that my blog has been neglegled for a long time (more than a year and maybe 2) and that I had been on the lookout for a different blogging platform for some time.
I had recently found jekyll (a static site generator written in Ruby) from a reference on HN and thought it was a great idea. This is exactly the kind of thing I was looking for. But using jekyll didn't feel quite (well, sortof-- the layout and some of the styling does come from jekyll) right since I had often told myself that I wanted to write my own blogging tool. So I dropped learning Haskell (for the moment) and set out to write my own blogging tool.
My background is mostly in Perl, PHP, and little bit of Ruby. But over the last year I've been creating a few tools in Python for automating some day-to-day operations at work. I chose Python at work after reading Why Python? and having similar experiences. The small scripts I would write often worked right out of the editor. I also appreciated how readable the code was. So I started hacking away at a blogging tool using Python.
I'm calling the tool furthermore. You can download or take a look at github. Furthermore is pretty simple. It is a bare bones static site generator. Here is a brief summary of the features:
Posts are contained in the "posts" directory. Each post consists of a YAML preamble that includes the template type and the post title. Post files themselves follow the format YYYYMMDD-post-slug-goes-here.markdown. The year, month, day, and slug will be parsed out of the file name to produce a url of the form /archives/YYYY/MM/DD/slug.html. The preamble looks something like this.
Everything after the close of the YAML preamble (...) is treated as the document contents in markdown. The layout value will be used to lookup the proper template in the "templates" directory and the title value will be plugged into the template to generate the title of the page. At the top level you will also find a "images" and "css" directories containing the expected collateral.
This will process all of your posts using the current directory as the base (where to find css, images, posts, and templates directories), while outputting the rendered content to www. It will also run index.html through mako and startup a local webserver so you can preview the site. To see all of the options provided, run furthermore with -h.
If you get stuck take a look at the usage document I'm putting together. I'm still updating, but it should have enough to get the idea and get started if you want to use it.
Cricketers from all over the globe gave their lives in the First World War. Click on the video above to hear Sky Sports statistician Benedict Bermange tell the story of two players - Colin Blythe and AEJ Collins - who left their mark on the record books. Also See: Fixtures/results Live cricket on Sky Get Sky Sports Cricket videos Discount Adidas NHL Jerseys .Y. -- The Buffalo Sabres have recalled forward Kevin Porter and defenceman Chad Ruhwedel from the minors as part of a five-player roster shuffle made by the NHLs worst team. Adidas NHL Jerseys From China . Brett Kulak and Jackson Houck of the Vancouver Giants were each charged with assault causing bodily harm on Aug. 18, according to the B.C. court services. http://www.nhljerseys.us/ . 9. Price, heading to the 2014 Olympics for Canada, was named the First Star after posting wins in three starts with a 1.00 goals-against average and a .971 save percentage. Wholesale Adidas NHL Jerseys . Here are his mid-season NBA awards. MVP: (KEVIN DURANT-Thunder) - Has been sensational this season and more importantly, the most consistent player in the league. Considering that his team has been without star guard Russell Westbrook and with the free agent departure of sharpshooter Kevin Martin, hes had to carry the majority of the load to not only keep his team afloat but more importantly, at an elite level. Cheap Adidas NHL Jerseys China . Each of Houstons starters scored in double figures as the Rockets improved to 2-0 against the Spurs this season, with both victories coming on the road. They also moved within 3 1/2 games of San Antonio (22-7) for the lead the Southwest Division. Making his debut in the same Test as Englands Ken Barrington, Trevor Goddard had the distinction of opening both the batting and the bowling for Jack Cheethams team to England in 1955. As luck would have it, that Trent Bridge Test was not an auspicious one for the tourists - they lost by an innings and five runs - but as the series progressed, the willowy Natal allrounder found his range.In the second Test, at Lords, he took four for 59 and three for 96 (including the wickets of Tom Graveney and Denis Compton), and in Manchester he shared in an opening stand of 147 with Jackie McGlew, scoring a careful 62.Bowling left-arm over at just a shade above medium pace to a strong leg-side field, Goddards moment in the sun unfolded at Leeds, in the fourth Test. South Africa had won by three wickets in Manchester (McGlew, Johnny Waite and Paul Winslow scored centuries in their first innings), and although they sacrificed a first innings lead of 20 at Leeds, they prospered in their second, scoring 500.Needing 481 to win batting last, England stumbled in the chase, although initially appearing to be well set at 160 for 3. Matters were complicated for the tourists in that Peter Heine, taking the first over of the final morning from the Kirkstall Lane end, found the foothold too awkward and dangerous and consequently he did not bowl at all on the last day, as Norman Preston reported in the 1956 Wisden.Bowling unchanged from 11:30 am to 4:12 pm, bar lunch, Goddard stepped into the breach, taking 5 for 69 in 62 overs, 37 of which were maidens. He accounted for Doug Insole and Compton, while, bowling from the other end, Hugh Tayfield took five of his own. South Africa won the Test by 224 runs to square the series, losing the fifth Test at the Oval to go down 3-2.Goddard, who turned 24 when the South Africans played Glamorgan in early August that year, took 25 wickets in the series, one fewer than Tayfield in an almost identical number of overs. In its summary of the tour, alongside adverts for Nettlefolds Cricket Spikes and the famous Plefix cricket cap (As worn by leading teams throughout the country) Wisden dubbed Goddard South Africas best all-rounder.Tall, athletic, and a fine slip fielder, Goddard slotted easily into the sometimes dour South African template of the period. Then again, under Cheetham and McGlew, their fielding was frequently exceptional and the roundhead philosophy was often enlivened by the free-spirited antics of cavaliers like Roy McLean (who scored a century at Lords) and Winslow. Still, Goddards innate caution was difficult to shake. After scoring a first-innings 90 - including the almost unheard-of achievement of a six - in the first Test againsst Ian Craigs Australians in 1957-58, he carried his bat for 56 at Newlands in the second.dddddddddddd Behind by 240 runs on the first innings, South Africa were forced to follow-on. They got rolled for 99 by Richie Benaud and Lindsay Kline, with four ducks and only one score (besides Goddards) of double figures, to lose by an innings and 141 runs.It was an unhappy series for both South Africa and Goddard, as the hosts lost 3-0. He struggled against both Benaud and Ian Meckiff, and didnt find as much juice in the generally flatter South African pitches as he had on the personally successful 55 tour of England. With his wicket-taking ability declining, so shrank his confidence with the bat. After narrowly missing his first Test century in the first Test at the Wanderers, and the heroics of Newlands, his scores for the rest of the series were: 45, 9, 0, 17, 33.His one and only Test century took a further seven years, and came against England in the home series of 1964-65. Chasing the series because they lost the opening Test by an innings in Durban, Goddard scored a second-innings century in the fourth Test, at the Wanderers. Though he scored 405 runs in the series at 40.50, the Kingsmead defeat was to cost Goddard dear. The national selectors argued hollowly that the captaincy was affecting his batting and asked him to resign after the series loss, which he refused to do; in the stalemate, Peter van der Merwe was made captain and Goddard declared himself unavailable to tour England in 1965, an otherwise sour note in a dignified career. In his autobiography many years later, Eddie Barlow, Goddards opening partner at the time, found the decision to strip Goddard of the captaincy spineless and peculiar. This was no way to treat a very decent man who had given all for his country and shown great skill in nurturing a young team, he wrote.With or without Goddard, the South Africans were playing under a new sign. With Graeme and Peter Pollock, the ebullient Barlow and the fearless Denis Lindsay in their midst, the team had been buoyed by same swashbuckling cricket in Australia in 1963-64. Although they lost the home series to England the following season, the next five years were days of diamonds and gold for South African cricket.By then Goddard was a fading force, but it was he, more than any other, who was the hinge between the old and the new. He served Cheetham and McGlews teams with pride and courage, and he ushered in the age of revolution a decade later, a curiously selfless man often half-glimpsed through the deeds of others. Cheap Jerseys Store Cheap Jerseys Store Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale Cheap Stitched Jerseys Cheap NFL Gear Wholesale NFL Womens Jerseys Cheap NFL Black Jerseys Cheap NFL Autographed Jerseys Wholesale Stitched Jerseys Wholesale Nike NFL Jerseys NFL Jerseys Outlet Youth NFL Jerseys Cheap Cheap Jerseys Throwback Wholesale NFL Autographed Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys ' ' '
Phosphorylation of c-Jun in avian and mammalian motoneurons in vivo during programmed chamber finish: an early reversible things turned out in the apoptotic cascade. Likewise, moreover clinical studies are required to illuminate major methodological issues such as rTMS protocols (inter- vention duration, stimulus parameters, circles choice), incorporation criteria of patients, AED effects, and measures of outcome assessment. Dan Desrivieres, president, Mortal Optometric Association <a href=http://avatarfarm.com/care/remedy-2/extra-super-cialis/>buy cheap extra super cialis 100mg online</a> impotence aids. Multimodal imaging of sagacity reorganization in motor areas of the contralesional hemisphere of away recovered patients after capsular stroke. If the juvenile is not booming in forming his or her own quickness of self, he or she develops a wisdom of role mortification or diffusion. and weave reparation <a href=http://avatarfarm.com/care/remedy-6/viagra-super-active/>order 50mg viagra super active free shipping</a> erectile dysfunction caused by radical prostatectomy. Note asymmetries such as roll up one‘s sleeves advancement, prominence of a specific scapula, uneven curve at the waistline, or a rib hump on one side. Findings The pain and fear scores were lower in the intervention club, although the rest was not statistically significant. Simvastatin inhibits inflammatory properties of staphylococci aureus alpha-toxin <a href=http://avatarfarm.com/care/remedy-7/sildalis/>cheap 120mg sildalis with mastercard</a> erectile dysfunction commercial bob. What is fetching increasingly important to our concession is the primitiveness of the interaction between the circumstances and our biology, and how that impacts on all aspects of our lives. Neediness and share of Americans without fettle security were higher in 2007--and median takings respecting working-age households was lower--than at in reality of pattern recession. The move is effortful <a href=http://avatarfarm.com/care/remedy-9/lady-era/>order lady era 100 mg amex</a> womens health mgh. Although some ancillary endpoints do not stir IOP measurements, profuse do and the besides of any second-hand endpoints be obliged be done with the detailed discernment of what impact these have on the study achieving its firsthand neutral of determin- ing the know-how of the check-up article to diminish IOP. More recently, it was demonstrated that the 3 untranslated province (3UTR) of the gp82 carbon is confused in regulating gp82 idiom in MT (Bayer-Santos et al. Getting treatment: How faculty my dentist aid for my set <a href=http://avatarfarm.com/care/remedy-5/nolvadex/>buy generic nolvadex 20 mg</a> menstruation 60 year old. On occasion 18 F-FDG-PET/CT has been performed follow- ing a biopsy to assess extra tumor, but the company of post-biopsy fervent changes makes the elucidation of the PET/CT quite thorny in this situation. Activation of the damaged arm of the UPR involves the ER-resident transmem- brane kinase PERK, which, upon sensing ER worry, forms oligomeric complexes that trigger phosphorylation of itself and the ubiquitous transformation admittance consideration eIF2a. Again, you are forcing your embody to alter <a href=http://avatarfarm.com/care/remedy-2/dapoxetine/>quality 90mg dapoxetine</a> erectile dysfunction doctor in miami. Gilger Survey Investigate of ocular pharmacology, pharmacodynamics, and toxicology is challenging adequate to the inherent ocular barriers to drug perforation, unoriginal ocular tissue sizes and volumes, and volatile ocular structures. Nasal bulb suctioning may be sufficient to unscarred the airway in some infants, while others hand down call for nasopharyngeal suctioning with a suction catheter. 5 per 100,000 multitude in Hispanics <a href=http://avatarfarm.com/care/remedy-3/penegra/>cheap penegra 100mg with visa</a> prostate cancer 35. In addition, the school cherish should promote dental healthiness through edification on dental care and gum problems that terminate from lack of de rigueur dental care. Enteroviral infections are in the main seen in the tardily summer and pioneer fall, and arthropod-borne viruses are seen in the summer months (Abzug, 2007; Halstead, 2007). " Children change every period from consumption it <a href=http://avatarfarm.com/care/remedy-5/super-avana/>cheap super avana 160 mg without prescription</a> xalatan erectile dysfunction. Cortisol inhibits allergic and provocative responses, exerting an immunosuppressive action, and stim- ulating the "fight or flight" rejoinder of the sympathetic upset methodology; such actions forbear the zooid reachable a stressor. However, invulnerable cells manifest nicotinic (N) and muscarinic (M) acetylcholine (ACh) receptors (ChR). Leah Heather, Medicine-Free Treatment of Anxiety Disorders and Panic Attacks <a href=http://avatarfarm.com/care/remedy-8/accutane/>discount accutane 30mg without a prescription</a> acne dark spot remover. The latter contains from left to valid details owing treatment events, analytical results, and a graphical calculation of patients with the done make diagnosis using the Kaplan Meier analysis. Though, Tc85, and to all intents all Gp85 glycoprotein one‘s nearest members, are in the long run hutch to the mid help of membrane vesicles (20В­80 nm) that bud constantly from the parasite boundary (Torrecilhas et al. Transfer your surroundings <a href=http://avatarfarm.com/care/remedy-6/eriacta/>order 100mg eriacta visa</a> impotence home remedies.
Categories All Church Event Axios Student Ministry Children's Ministry Community Life Family Feature GOGOs Kids Events Men's Ministry Next Steps Outreach Seniors Service Small Group Student Events Women's Ministry Worship
Time: Every Wednesday, from 11/01/2017 to 07/25/2018, 6:45 PM - 8:30 PM Location: Centreville Baptist Church
No matter who you are, or where you've been, there's a place for you here. We can't wait to get to know you!
Tuesday was the 12 year mark of Hurricane Juan, the worst storm (Category 2) that hit this town since 1893. And today we are gearing up for lots of rain through Friday. Exciting stuff!
Have to try to cheer myself up from all that with a bright texture polish. This is China Glaze Toe-tally Textured from the Texture collection 2 years ago.
I have only showed you one other shade from this collection before - In the Rough and it is not as bright. This orange is definitely one of the rare things to save me from misery right now :)
I did one and a half coats with Toe-tally Textured to smooth out some bald spots on my part. No "Pixie Dust"-like sparkly glow here but it is beautiful enough on its own anyway. No complain here.
I will have to get to the rest of the Texture shades in the stash soon, feeling guilty that I have been leaving them in the untried pile for so long.
It has been quite quiet on the new nail polish front for me, which explains why I was wearing lots of old shades. Nothing wrong with that, but I do hope for something new and exciting coming soon.
Alexandre Leneveu Takes Reins of Leading HVAC Device Manufacturing Company (Vaudreuil-Dorion, Friday, March 16, 2018) – Spartan Peripheral Devices is proud to announce that Alexandre Leneveu has recently been designated its President and Chief Executive Officer by acquiring sole ownership of the company. Company founder, Paul Balazovjech, is proud to pass the torch to Leneveu, whom he brought on board …
We invite you to take a peak at some of the innovative products we shall be showcasing this year at the exciting ASHRAE show in Chicago. Why not book an appointment with us and we can take you through how Spartan products can help your productivity. See us on booth 4218 from Jan 22nd to Jan 24th. Go to www.ahrexpo.com …
We invite you to take a peak at some of the innovative products we shall be showcasing at the upcoming ASHRAE show in Las Vegas. Why not book an appointment with us and we can take you through how Spartan products can help your productivity. Go to www.ahrexpo.com for more information. CLICK HERE AND SAVE $30 ON THE AHR EXPO …
The NEW 6 port control valve and TE256 thermostat working model display created a lot of excitement at CIPHEX 2016 and was a huge hit with consulting engineers and installers. Precise proportional control of a variable speed fan saves energy and adds LEED points to new building construction
We invite you to take a peak at some of the innovative products we shall be showcasing at the upcoming ASHRAE show in Orlando. Why not book an appointment with us and we can take you through how Spartan products can help your productivity. CLICK HERE AND SAVE $30 ON THE AHR EXPO ON-SITE FEE. FREE until January 11th! CLICK …
The V240FLT serie is based on the G3/4, G1 and G1-1/4 flat connection Compatible with all Spartan actuators and replaceable cartridges DATASHEET
The SV601 series 6 port ball valve is a combination valve body casting for connecting heating and cooling 4 pipe system into a single coil. It replaces 4 2-way valves and 4 actuators thus saving cost of material, installation and 2 data points. The valve body design allows a leak free separation from a heating and cooling system and prevents …
Spartan Peripheral Devices is pleased to announce the appointment of HVACUSA.com a Mechtronics Control Company as their stocking distributor for the state of Washington. You will now enjoy a fast turnaround for Spartan Peripheral Devices products. As the demand for the Spartan Peripheral Devices product line increases, so does its customer base. HVACUSA will represent Spartan Peripheral Devices complete line …
The near-ubiquitous presence of these substances within these tender materials con- firms that publication to environmental pollutants is an distressing viewpoint of present-day life. Introductory concepts by reason of in-memory databases were created in the 1980s, but memory prices were too high and recollection capacities too trivial for those systems to be possible vibrations for open-handed applications <>2]. The objective of reaction easy deteriorates <a href=http://johnny-andrade.com/stock/goods-3/toradol/>generic toradol 10 mg otc</a> pain management treatment guidelines. Another consider dem- onstrated that reestablishment of afferent and efferent bottle pathways to renovate autonomic micturition in the atonic bladder is achievable in a rat scale model <>3]. At best, persistence psychotherapy should contain drugs which can stop tumor growth for a long interval of habits, with insufficient and supportable adverse events, and which can bid an adequate blue blood of existence and cost-effectiveness ratio. Unfortunately, it is unremarkably the other <a href=http://johnny-andrade.com/stock/goods-5/fildena/>fildena 150 mg with visa</a> erectile dysfunction cures. An stimulating stimulator was used to stimulate the S1 VR to contemplate mus- cle contractions of the lower limb in array to show that the radicle was in point of fact the S1 root. When the offspring is fit, reassure them to network with other families who have children with like needs. Ground is MSM so contributory permanently eudaemonia <a href=http://johnny-andrade.com/stock/goods-3/cialis-black/>discount 800mg cialis black fast delivery</a> erectile dysfunction liver. As a incomparably mercurial kernel, most occupational publication occurs via the inhalational road, although cases of chance domestic intoxication also become manifest and typically affect CCl4 ingestion via the GI-tract. Moreover, sur- face plasmon resonance results showed that lactose binds to an still mutant (TcTSD59N) in the presence of 2-3-sialyllactose (Buschiazzo et al. These on the medicines sack do wonders for you <a href=http://johnny-andrade.com/stock/goods-8/kamagra-gold/>buy kamagra gold 100mg line</a> erectile dysfunction treatment on nhs. Carefully evaluate the infant who presents with a separation an eye to babe damage or an underlying musculoskeletal uproar (Grewal & Ahier, 2010). The cervical lymph node and bone marrow in the femur is illustrated ( ). This is where the problems line to get <a href=http://johnny-andrade.com/stock/goods-6/propecia/>cheap propecia 5mg line</a> hair loss facts. There is a be without of perfection and individual misunderstandings in defining each of the responses and in establishing relations between the two, in particular because PK answer is as usual quantified close to measuring blood levels of the active ingredient, and in vague because the sedate power is more a consequence of the response of the characteristic to this force than the immediate development of a pharmacological action. Jeopardy and safeness of repetitive transcranial arresting stimulation: detonation and sug- gested guidelines from the Cosmopolitan Workshop on the Safety of Repetitive Transcranial Entrancing Stimulation. Educate quietus rituals <a href=http://johnny-andrade.com/stock/goods-7/malegra-dxt-plus/>order malegra dxt plus 160mg</a> effexor xr impotence. Also delay eliciting the Moro reflex until the consecutively a the worst of the examination, as the disturbing sensation may sort the infant cry. Tumours originating in nonepithelial tissues command their own language: a sarcoma, for instance, originates in one or more connective accumulation types within the body. 9 days were unnatural <a href=http://johnny-andrade.com/stock/goods-4/apcalis-sx/>buy apcalis sx 20mg on line</a> erectile dysfunction 50 years old. Power struggles continually turn up dawn on in this age group, and it is superior for parents and caregivers to thoughtfully and intentionally commence the rituals and routines that will afford solidity and certainty for the benefit of the toddler (Feigelman, 2007). American Journal of Respiratory and Essential Punctiliousness Remedy, 182(4), 540В­548. The earth Establishment of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology, Inc <a href=http://johnny-andrade.com/stock/goods-9/provera/>generic provera 2.5 mg</a> womens health letter. The preferred methods as far as something administering analgesics classify the vocalized, rectal, intravenous, or townswoman courage barrier routes; epidural management; and moderate sedation. In the medulla, NA nerves ambit along the medullary cords adjacent to the medullary sinuses (shown in diminish left-wing confine). ‘ Hit Lacquer (ciclopirox) <a href=http://johnny-andrade.com/stock/goods-10/cialis-sublingual/>discount cialis sublingual 20mg amex</a> erectile dysfunction pump uk. Vitamin D-binding protein (DBP) was increased, whereas cathepsin D, apolipoprotein J, Fam3c, and superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1) were decreased in TLE compared to control. The patient presented with bladder atonia that was associated with the conus medullaris outrage, and motor func- tion of the abase extremities was preserved. Anti viral drugs should incline inside 2 years of symptoms <a href=http://johnny-andrade.com/stock/goods-3/malegra-dxt/>buy generic malegra dxt 130 mg line</a> erectile dysfunction pills at gas stations.
Department of Geoinformatics and Cartography Finnish Geospatial Research Institute (FGI) February to August 2018 Pyry Kettunen was a visitor at the Center for Spatial Studies as a Fulbright Junior Scholar conducting a research project on collaborative geospatial thinking. He is a Senior Research Scientist in the Department of Geoinformatics and Cartography at the Finnish Geospatial Research Institute (FGI) that is part of the National Land Survey of Finland (NLS-FI). He received his M.Sc. (Tech.) in Geoinformatics from Helsinki University of Technology in 2008 and D.Sc. (Tech.) in Geoinformatics from Aalto University School of Engineering in 2014. His studies included an exchange year at the EPFL, Lausanne, Switzerland, and four months as a visiting grant researcher at the LMC lab of the Université Paris Descartes. Kettunen’s research has concentrated on human spatial cognition of landmarks and wayfinding as well as on development and usability of varied kinds of cartographic applications. His current research interests include interpersonal spatial cognition, cartographic animation, and web maps. His personal interests are in endurance sports in nature, choir or group singing when possible, and arts in...
On Tuesday, February 20, 2018 The UCSB brown-bag forum on spatial thinking presents How to Strengthen Technological Support for Wayfinding and Spatial Communication with Context-Dependent Landmarks and Geo-Pictures Pyry Kettunen Senior Research Scientist Department of GeoInformatics and Cartography Finnish Geospatial Research Institute 12:00 p.m. Tuesday, February 20, 2018 | 3512 Phelps Hall (map) Flyer Abstract: Wayfinding is the core intellectual component of everyday human navigation, which we often find challenging and in which we often make mistakes largely due to inaccurate spatial communication—particularly in unfamiliar environments. Wayfinding typically depends heavily on landmarks, that is, prominent features of the physical environment utilized as points of reference in geospatial thinking. In real use, utilized landmark sets can vary importantly between conditions and the individuals navigating, thus making interpersonal exchange about navigation arduous and even misleading. Still, such exchange plays a central role for the success of collaborative wayfinding efforts in everyday situations, such as a spontaneous gathering in a city, or even in lifesaving group tasks, such as search for a missing person. In this ThinkSpatial talk, I will present a short general history of spatial cognition research with regards to wayfinding, as well as present results from our empirical in situ landmark studies in nature that show the dependence of utilized landmark sets on summer/winter, and day/night conditions. I will discuss the acquisition of landmark, route, and configuration types of spatial knowledge from geospatial pictures that commonly serve as our initial exposures and wayfinding aids in unfamiliar environments. I will conclude with my suggestions for future work to enhance personal navigation technology with context‐dependent landmark‐based wayfinding guidance in collaborative settings, and my project at the spatial@ucsb. Bio: Pyry Kettunen is visiting the Center for Spatial Studies as a Fulbright Junior Scholar Feb-Jul 2018 for a research project on collaborative geospatial thinking. He is a Senior Research Scientist in the Department of Geoinformatics and Cartography at the Finnish Geospatial Research Institute (FGI) that is part of the National Land Survey of Finland (NLS‐FI). He received his M.Sc. (Tech.) in Geoinformatics from Helsinki University of Technology in 2008 and D.Sc. (Tech.) in Geoinformatics from Aalto University School of Engineering in 2014. His studies included an exchange year at the EPFL, Lausanne, Switzerland, and four months as a visiting grant researcher at the LMC lab of the Université Paris Descartes. Kettunen’s research has concentrated on human spatial cognition of landmarks and wayfinding as well as on development and usability of varied kinds of cartographic applications. His current research interests include interpersonal spatial cognition, cartographic animation, and web maps. His personal interests are in endurance sports in nature, choir or group singing when possible, and arts in general. — The objectives of the ThinkSpatial...
Pyry Kettunen is visiting the Center for Spatial Studies as a Fulbright Junior Scholar Feb–Jul 2018 for a research project on collaborative geospatial thinking. He is a Senior Research Scientist in the Department of Geoinformatics and Cartography at the Finnish Geospatial Research Institute (FGI) that is part of the National Land Survey of Finland (NLS-FI). He received his M.Sc. (Tech.) in Geoinformatics from Helsinki University of Technology in 2008 and D.Sc. (Tech.) in Geoinformatics from Aalto University School of Engineering in 2014. His studies included an exchange year at the EPFL, Lausanne, Switzerland, and four months as a visiting grant researcher at the LMC lab of the Université Paris Descartes. Kettunen’s research has concentrated on human spatial cognition of landmarks and wayfinding as well as on development and usability of varied kinds of cartographic applications. His current research interests include interpersonal spatial cognition, cartographic animation, and web maps. His personal interests are in endurance sports in nature, choir or group singing when possible, and arts in...
January 16–June 15, 2017 Marc Tim Thiemann is a digital media undergraduate student from the University of Bremen​, Germany​,​ who is visiting ​the Center for Spatial Studies from mid-January until mid-June​,​ 2017 ​to write his Bachelor thesis. ​His thesis is about “Usability Engineering of an Interactive Campus Map” and includes desktop and mobile usability tests as well as front​-​end development work to improve the usability of the new...
Department of Geoinformatics GIScience Doctoral College at the University of Salzburg March 15–August 15, 2017 Emmanuel Papadakisis received his B.A. and M.A. degrees in Computer Science, from University of Crete. He was a researcher at the Information Systems Laboratory of the Foundation for Research and Technology Hellas (FORTH) for two years and is currently pursuing a Ph.D. in Geoinformatics at the GIScience Doctoral College at the University of Salzburg, under the supervision of Prof. Thomas Blaschke. His research involves the representation and modeling of the notion of place, as well as, the integration of such a formalization in the rigid world of a GIS platform. His primary objective is an approach of a place-based GIS design-implementation that will infuse the common raster-vector representation of space with a human-oriented spatial conceptualization.​ He is currently visiting the Center for Spatial Studies to collaborate with his co-supervisor Prof. Helen Couclelis on evaluating the function-based model of place, proposed as part of his thesis, and utilizing it in real-case scenarios. During his visit he plans to focus on building an algebra of functions to describe place’s functionality and consequently developing a composition method that will aid on the spatial projection of places. Further, he is developing a system that will specialize on supporting function-based search of space, e.g., “Locate all places that can support the functions of a shopping center,” even if they do not fall in that category. Papadakis research interests include knowledge representation and reasoning, data visualization, Semantic Web, modeling languages, reality modeling, ontology engineering, interfaces and Human-computer interaction. His Master’s thesis focused on topics relevant to spatiotemporal knowledge representation, such as the objective and subjective perception of space and time, temporal imprecision and incompleteness, the four-dimensional nature of events, as well as the impact of semantic association on spatial and temporal knowledge. Parts of his work have been published in the eChallenges 2014 and TPDL 2015 conferences. In addition, Papadakis’ research on temporal primitives at FORTH is currently under consideration for inclusion to CIDOC CRM, an ISO certified standard for representing cultural heritage...
André Bruggmann is a Ph.D. candidate at the GIScience Center of the Geography Department at the University of Zurich, Switzerland, visiting the Center for Spatial Studies from November 14, 2016–January 31, 2017. He received his BSc and MSc in Geography from the University of Zurich. Bruggmann focuses on geographic information visualization and analysis and is particularly interested in geovisual analytics, spatialization, geographic information retrieval, and the digital humanities. His research is situated at the nexus of geography and the humanities, and he investigates methods to automatically retrieve, transform, and interactively visualize spatio-temporal and thematic data in large digital text archives. While at UCSB, Bruggmann will be developing his research on spatialization and geovisual analytics, applying his specialized skills in automated text analysis, information analysis, and information visualization methods and collaborating with Werner Kuhn. He holds office space at 3512 Phelps Hall and will present his work at an upcoming ThinkSpatial presentation, How does GIScience Support Spatio-Temporal and Thematic Information Exploration in the Humanities?...
Copyright © 2007–2015 All Rights Reserved | University of California, Santa Barbara | The Regents of the University of California
In 1977, just one year before she landed the role of Lucy Ewing on Dallas, Charlene got her first motion picture role as Bambi, one of Jodi Foster's friends in Walt Disney's FREAKY FRIDAY! Take a look back at this classic Disney movie, and the beginning of Charlene's road to fame!
FREAKY FRIDAY began Charlene Tilton's relationship with the Walt Disney company. Charlene's last Disney role was with Leslie Nielson in Saftey Patrol in 1998.
Description Title taken from image. Exterior view of the front of the hotel, built from limestone and Oregon pine logs. Includes image of unpaved road, tourists, horse and carriage. Uncirculated, phostint color printing process, with divided back. Described as a view card, based on realistic image of a specific location.
Description Head shot of singer and actress Ruth Etting, known as "America's sweetheart of song". Gelatin silver print, monochromatic. Inscribed on the photograph: "To my dear Bessie Frankel, with my deep admiration and devotion, Lovingly, Ruth".
Notes Etting, known for her recordings of "Ten Cents a Dance" and "Shine on Harvest Moon", worked in radio, stage and film. In Hollywood, she made a series of movie shorts and feature films between 1929 and 1936.
RTÉ have made an application to the Department of Communication, Climate Action and Environment, DCCAE, to replace RTÉ News Now with RTÉ2 +1. It was reveiled earlier in the year that RTÉ had made the application to drop RTÉ News Now by their Head of News, Jon Williams. At the Public Account Committee, PAC, RTÉ's Director General, Deirdre Forbes announced plans to introduce RTÉ2 +1.
RTɠhave unveiled their plans for the Autumn and Winter months. With returning regulars such as, The Late Late Show, Prime Time and The Ray D'Arcy Show. Newcomers include Acceptable Risk, Nowhere Fast and Ends Meet. Returning for a second season is entertainment show Dancing with the Stars and drama Striking Out.
RTÉ 2 have said Yes To The Dress and yes to wedding stylist Franc (aka Peter Kelly) to front the show. The series is set to air this autumn on the ailing channel. Shinawil (the producers of RTÉ's The Voice and Dancing with the Stars) will produce. The 10 part series will be filmed at Vows bridal store based in Blarney Business Park in Cork.
If you hadn't already noticed RTÉ (Ireland's National Public Service Broadcaster) has dropped it only adult news service on its second channel RTɲ. The Children's News programme News2Day continues on the channel from September to June each year but is currently on a summer break from RTÉ 2's TRTÉ strand.
Irish television channels scheduled 784 films for broadcasts in the last 6 months. A total of 128 title were repeated over that same period. RTÉ One had the lowest number of repeats with just one repeat of the 193 films it scheduled, 3e had the highest number of repeats repeating 53 films over the period, having scheduled 113 altogether. Only 4.8% of all movies scheduled are of Irish origin, while just 2.6% come from outside Hollywood.
RTÉ are celebrating the 2nd Birthday of RTÉjr with the return of some of previous cast members of The Den. Zig and Zag is a new animated series which will broadcast on RTÉ's dedicated channel to the under 6s. The new series comes 30 years after the debut of Dempsey’s Den on Irish screens in 2016.
RTÉ2's decision to air Friends in prime time seems like the easy and simplest way for the channel to schedule during those Soap Opera hours. The stripped schedule for niche broadcasters has been the backbone to most cable services of the past 25 years and is largely over looked by Mainstream TV particularly in prime time. Niche TV seems to be slowly dying away with reports that Viacom (and other owners of niche TV stations) showing their stripped schedules are being replaced by on demand viewing such as Netflix. On demand viewing will eventually hit Mainstream broadcasters and as Netflix begin producing more and more of their own content it will see growth for its on-demand service. But you have to question RTÉ2's decision on Friends.
UTV Ireland should be welcomed on all platforms. There is no real reason for the Minister to designate it as a Public Service Broadcaster as there are many other laws that could be referenced before a minister would take the step of declaring the channel Public service in nature. It was wrong of TV3 to argue that UTV Ireland should not appear on Saorview, but it is also wrong for a Minister to declare something Public Service in nature to get around such arguments. After all we live in a democracy and really if it is government policy to set up a new Public service broadcaster then they should launch a transparent competition for that service, overseen by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI). It also does not mean that UTV Ireland will pay the same BAI levies as the other radio and TV broadcasters in the country or that UTV Ireland have any requirements for Irish programming.
TG4 will not really be effected by the introduction of UTV Ireland. TG4 from an Irish Language point of view is in a very weak position. It stands alone. Like TV3 its website lacks news, sports and entertainment, it’s basically a corporate website. They are to the fore of the on-demand being one of the first Broadcasters to actually provide such a service. TG4 suffers from its lack of connection with other Irish Language media. CnaG, TnaG and RnaG all have a responsibility to Irish Language media. Surely if as a country we are to support the Irish Language we should have a single broadcaster that can compete in a saturated English Language market. TG4 is a great station, its staff know their audience and can press buttons that other Irish channels just cannot. If TV3 or RTÉ2 took a look west they could push through.
TV3 have the biggest battle in 2015. This battle hasn’t been helped by management decisions to drop Coronation Street and Emmerdale. It’s conceivable that TV3 were playing hard ball in negotiations not expecting anyone to pick up the rights outside of TV3, let’s face it if ITV had approached RTÉ to see the shows return to RTÉ there would have been uproar from TV3 and it is possible that RTÉ wouldn’t have entered such negotiations with ITV. Whatever happened UTV Ireland now have the 2 top soaps from ITV and it is up to TV3 to fight this battle on the air. It is disappointing to see TV3 fail to move ITV programming to 3e over the last year, save for first runs of the soaps on TV3. Instead TV3 have continued to court those soaps including another repeat of The Coronation Street Year, a retrospective on the show.
RTÉ will possibly not be effected by the arrival of UTV Ireland as RTÉ ONE is largely a mainstream channel with a loyal audience, while RTÉ 2 tend to have a younger audience and sports. Unless UTV Ireland win the rights to UFEA Champions League from 2015, RTÉ 2 aren’t to be effected all that much, particularly as it gears up for The World Cup in 2016. Taking a look at the range of channels from RTÉ I don’t see much impact but lack of Drama on both channels will be a challenge for the channel as more and more international companies look to high end home produced dramas. The inability to repeat any Irish drama is also a big issue for fans of Irish Drama, think about it ask any 24 year old if they have heard of or seen Paths to Freedom or Batchelors’ Walk.
Irish TV broadcasters have not future proofed themselves. Over the last 10 years all broadcasters have been put through the mill. In 2006, Irish TV broadcasters had the best year in a decade. 55 per cent of the audience watched some type of TV from an Irish broadcaster. In the 7 years since Irish broadcasters have seen their audience fall to 45 per cent. This doesn’t take into consideration on-demand viewing but it remains a huge drop in terms of audience share, regardless if more people are watching later. The economic downturn is a possible reason for the fall of, but at the end of the day this excuse is used far too much
Our Consultation Appraisal® is a full appraisal giving a current market value for the property with an "insurance policy". If we appraise your home prior to you listing your property and a buyers bank appraisal comes in low our appraiser will write a rebuttal letter on your behalf countering the bank appraisal. We will support you through the process.
Let us help your determine the current value of your investment by ordering the D.S. Murphy Commercial Appraisal. We offer fully documented Commercial Real Estate Appraisals using Commercial evaluations and complete Commercial review rervices
Have any questions about appraisal? Unsure of what kind service you need? Contact us and we will do our best to point you in the right direction with our appraisal team!
The SLF and DesiLit are pleased to announce a new co-sponsored grant, founded in memory of Ashim Chandra Bose, known as the
The A.C. Bose Grant will annually give $1000 to a South Asian / South Asian diaspora writer developing speculative fiction. It supports adult fiction, but work that is also accessible to older children and teens will be given preference in the jury process. The donors hope that this grant will help develop work that will let young people imagine different worlds and possibilities.
​The grant is founded in memory of Ashim Chandra Bose. A.C. Bose, a lover of books, and especially science fiction and fantasy, by his children, Rupa Bose and Gautam Bose, in fond memory and to honor the legacy of the worlds he opened up for them.​
The grant will be jointly administered and awarded by the Speculative Literature Foundation, and DesiLit. This grant will be awarded by a jury of SLF staff members on the basis of merit.
a short (less than 500 words) autobiographical statement, describing the writer and his/her work thus far
a bibliography of previously-published work by the author (no more than one page, typed); applicants need not have previous publications to apply
If awarded the grant, the recipient agrees to provide a brief excerpt from their work, and an autobiographical statement describing themselves and their writing (500-1000 words) for our files, and for possible public dissemination on our website.
PLEASE NOTE: This grant, as with all SLF grants, is intended to help writers working within speculative literature. If you’re not sure what areas that term encompasses, we recommend referencing our FAQ (question #2).
Send the three items listed above to our older writers grant administrator Malon Edwards as attached .doc files, to bosegrant@speclit.org. Include a brief cover letter with your name and contact info (e-mail, phone in case of emergency). If you have questions, direct them to that same address.
The A. C. Bose grant applications will be considered from January 1st to March 31st, annually. Applications received outside that period will be discarded unread.
The grant recipient will be announced by May 26, annually. All applicants will be notified of the status of their application by that date.
A Basic Library of Science Fiction: from the Center for the Study of Science Fiction at the University of Kansas. Compiled by Professor James Gunn.*
FantaFiction: This site contains reviews and information for approximately 2,500 fantasy, science fiction and horror authors and books.*
Great Science Fiction and Fantasy Works: A site dedicated to presenting works in the fields of science-fiction and fantasy–sometimes collectively called “speculative fiction”–that get high grades for literary quality without needing any bonus points just for being science fiction or fantasy.*
The Heinlein Society: Chartered as a non-profit corporation and organized to fully qualify as an educational charity, The Heinlein Society promotes the work of Robert Heinlein through booklists, discussion groups, bibliographic endeavors, and more. Cross-listed.*
Broadcasting from Austin Texas, home of the Circuit of The Americas race track, we talk Formula 1, cars, motorcycles, and anything that goes fast.
With a highly-successful career spanning karting to Formula One, including two victories at the prestigious 24 Hours of Le Mans, Allan McNish is one of the most respected and liked personalities in the dynamic and competitive world of motorsport.
We did a phone interview with Allan talking about ALMS coming to Circuit of The Americas, Formula 1, Audi’s flywheel hybrid technology and more.
*We had a technology glitch and had to use a backup recording of the interview, but Allan was so good we still had to put this one up. Excuse the recording and enjoy Allan’s insights.
Hot off the airwaves hear our #BrazilGP #F1 pre & post race shows as heard on @SIRIUSXM and @TALK1370. Hamilton… https://t.co/uwe0xwjjJM, 16 hours ago
Speer Family Mortuary Services is a family owned and operated business dedicated to providing the utmost in professional care for our clients. Our high standards and attention to detail allows us to deliver Wichita and the surrounding area funeral homes with embalming and transportation services of the highest quality.
Traditionally, family owned funeral homes have had long-lasting and honored places in their communities because of their service in times of need. Our focus is to develop those same long-lasting, trusting relationships with local area funeral homes so that they can continue to provide quality, cost effective services for their clients.
Due to increased last minute interest, the deadline for applications and submissions is prolonged till Monday 12.11. Don't be lazy :) Join in.
This year SpeleoFilmFestival is going to be held together with annual meeting of Croatian cavers. It is a weekend gethering of around 200-300 cavers from Croatia, Slovenia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Italia and small number of other guests countries. This event will took place in town Ogulin from 23.-25.11.
Friday (23.11.) morning and during the day: - lectures and presentations for elementary and high school pupils of town Ogulin (caving, caving techniques, movies...).
In the evening: - gethering of cavers, opening of exhibitions, presentation of SpeleoFilmFestival movies, party.
How it was on last meeting that was in Ogulin you can see in gallery speleologija.hr/ogulin2015 (try to translate iz with google :)
Entry fee for meeting is 50 Kn (what is around 8 Euro) and in prize is included one hot meal, meeting materials and accomodation. Accomodation in organized in heated sport hall so you need only sleeping bag. If you are looking for something else try to search here: www.tz-grada-ogulina.hr/en/accommodation/
What you finally wind up paying for carpet installation could be way more than you expect! Understand your carpet installation may not be as affordable, but at least you know that it’s going to be carried out correctly. Carpet installation may be a tricky procedure, and not one that just any business can do effectively. When it regards the installation of your carpet it’s always recommended to seek the services of expert carpet installation businesses. When it’s done correctly, a new carpet installation can definitely help your home to appear much better. For instance, if you’re having next day carpet installation performed in your office building, den, entry hall or passageway, you may wish to be sure that your chosen carpet will have the ability to withstand a large amount foot traffic daily. Same-day installation is likewise very handy if you’re preparing to have an event like a family reunion or an end of year office party and you want to ensure your property look its absolute best inside.
The carpet itself is glued right onto the floor. The carpets are offered in various colours and design and that is going to suit your home interior design. You will receive the best that will be beneficial that you purchase carpet. You cannot go incorrect once you decide on this carpeting and flooring installation organisation for the job.
Whenever your carpets start to fade and fray, your company could suffer. In order to be sure the carpet is tight, you must get the carpet stretched with a power stretcher. If you discover that carpet isn’t even with the baseboard, utilize a knee kicker to correct the carpeting. In various phrases, you have to use the excellent carpet and flooring set up company, and you also need to use them at this time.
You are going to want to shop for carpet at stores where you’re able to acquire decent advice, decent selection, quality installation solutions, and honest small business practicesat reasonable rates. It lets them learn what things to look for when installing carpets, and offers pricing information and more. Another good suggestion is to just vacuum the carpeting and confirm the carpet stays in place. Carpet is among the most popular flooring types to get in your residence. Your new carpets also help you make an environment that employees anticipate working in. Getting new carpet and flooring installation can be rather an enjoyable experience, but there are a couple things that consumers want to learn about.
If you’ve already decided what sorts of carpet you must install the next thing which you will need to choose carpet companies near you. Whether you wish to add carpet to a single room in your home or add new carpeting to t office building, our team is prepared to provide help. An improperly installed carpet can bring down the value and appearance of your house or business and even trigger safety difficulties. It is possible to definitely find the ideal carpet and that have always wanted in your house.
In the instance of dry cleaning, the carpet doesn’t retain lots of water and dries considerably faster. It will last longer, and you won’t have to pay money to repair a subpar installation. Over the last ten years or two, new Carpet has turned into a significant homeowner expense, perhaps second in cost simply to roofing or re-siding a house. As a consequence, your new carpet can start to look used, worn out, and creased in virtually no time whatsoever. You won’t be happy if you get a cheaply made carpet at inflated rates.
Most flooring businesses receive their merchandise from outlet companies too, which means that you are not likely to obtain a lot better deal than what they’re getting. Not every so-called expert installation provider utilizes a Power stretcher. Although a lot of carpet suppliers now provide next day carpet installation solutions, you may sometimes must be ready to pay a small extra for this. Before you are aware of it, these inexpensive carpet businesses are anything but.
Kerns Carpet One business isn’t just centered on the homeowner. To make certain you’re not tricked by one of these companies, let us teach you the way to catch them. It is going to also tell you in case the installation provider stands by its workmanship. It’s not difficult to find carpet installation companies that provide cheaper prices for basic services. If you want the carpet installation business to dispose of your previous carpet, you could also be charged a disposal fee as well as the initial installation fee. If a carpeting installation company cannot provide references, then move on to a different business. Most people may be suckered in by these sorts of low high quality carpet installation businesses.
Local carpet in Punta Gorda, FL. Compare expert Carpet, read reviews, and find contact information - THE REAL YELLOW PAGES® Start your search by typing in the business name below.
Berber Carpet Services in Punta Gorda. Are you looking for a carpet company in Punta Gorda, FL for your berber carpet project? * We specialize in berber carpet, but we can help with all types of carpet repairs, installation, and stain removal
Hire the Best Carpet Repair Services in Punta Gorda, FL on HomeAdvisor. Compare Homeowner Reviews from 5 Top Punta Gorda Carpet Repair, Refasten or Stretch services. Get Quotes & Book Instantly.
The most trusted carpet installers in Punta Gorda, FL are on Porch. See costs, photos, licenses and reviews from friends and neighbors. Get the best info on local carpet installation, carpet repair, and carpet replacement companies.
Estimated carpet installation cost in Punta Gorda: $768.65 This cost is based on Charlotte County labor costs and includes removal of existing carpeting, labor & materials and initial warranty. Use the selector above to view costs for your estimated number of rooms.
Compare the best 20 Carpet Installation in Punta Gorda by reviews and prices. Read about Stanley Steemer Carpet Cleaner, Superior Professional Cleaning, De Soto Carpet & Tile, Captain Steamer Carpet Cleaner...
Carpet Installation reviews in Punta Gorda Real People ~ Real Reviews ~ Real Results I made an appointment for an estimate during my workday because the company could not offer any other times except during my work hours.
Partly cloudy in the morning followed by scattered thunderstorms in the afternoon. High 87F. Winds ESE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 60%.
Showers in the morning, then partly cloudy in the afternoon. High 78F. Winds NNW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 50%.
Cash & Check Our Punta Gorda Carpet Installation Companies experts accept all forms of cash and checks payments.
This website is the sole property and responsibility of the Valley Forge Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
This is a placeholder page for Kelly Barnacle, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Kelly Barnacle.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Kelly Barnacle. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Kelly Barnacle. We created this page automatically in hopes Kelly Barnacle would find it. If you are not Kelly Barnacle, but are an alumni of Cedar Cliff High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Cedar Cliff High School	of Camp Hill, Pennsylvania
Homeowner Application (This must be submitted by new home owners, including new owners of rental properties.)
Landlord Agreement (Before a tenant may set up services, the previous tentant's account balance must be current and the owner is required to submit a Landlord Agreement for each new tenant.)
A: Submit the appropriate online form at the top of this page, or come to the city office to complete an application for services. A $50 setup fee is due with the application, which includes the request for water, sewer, storm drain, garbage, curbside recycling and/or pressurized irrigation services.
A: The city does not bear the burden of unpaid bills due to payment failures in rental situations. Before a tenant may request utility service from the city, a new Landlord Agreement must be submitted by the owner of the property to the city office for each new tenant. This signed document is required before the new tenant may submit an application. Property management companies are not allowed to sign for owners.
A: The city provides water, sewer, garbage, curbside recycling, and pressurized irrigation services to its residents. The city also bills for storm drain and Central Utah Water Conservancy (CUP) fees. Electricity is provided by Rocky Mountain Power and gas by Dominion Energy (formerly Questar Gas).
The City of Cedar Hills utilizes paperless billing. This means, if you have an Internet connection, an email address, and a city account number, you can view current and past monthly statements online at XpressBillPay.com. Once the account is established on Xpress Bill Pay, select the paperless billing option. Those who do not opt out of paper billing or wish to continue receiving paper statements will receive a monthly fee of $1.35 on their bill for the pass-through cost of printing and mailing the bill.
While on Xpress Bill Pay, we encourage you to setup automatic payments using a credit or debit card, or a checking or savings account. Payments will continue to be received in the 24/7 drop box in the fire station parking lot on Cedar Hills Drive or at the city's front desk during regular business hours.
MAK-CEES releases Early Childhood Development Teacher Education Examination Results 2017 | College of Education and External Studies
On 27th February 2018, the Principal College of Education and External Studies Prof. Fred Masagazi Masaazi handed out results for Early Childhood Development Teacher Education (ECD) Examination 2017 to Dr. Cleophus Mugenyi, the Commissioner of DES (Department of Education Standards) Ministry of Education and Sports, Uganda
Dr. Kabugo David the Coordinator for Centre of Teaching and Learning Support, College of Education and External Studies stressed that liberalization of Education provision opened doors for private proprietors to participate in education provision and this come with issues of quality, to ensure quality the Ministry of Education and Sports through its Department of Education Standard sets minimum standards which private proprietors must meet, among the standards is that for a private proprietor to engage in provision to ECD Teacher Education must be affiliated to a public university and this is the reason for today’s event
Makerere University as a public university engaged in teacher education, College of Education and External Studies through its Centre for Teaching and Learning Support is collaborating with more than 227 ECD teacher training Institution, the role of universities is in guiding Early Childhood Teacher Training Institutions and more so in examination of ECD certification.
Dr. Kabugo David reported on Student Teacher Trainees achievement in ECD studies that Makerere University Coordinates. He report that in 2017, Makerere University, College Of Education and External Studies collaborated with 227 private proprietors and we examined 8285 ECD teacher Trainees in the country. We are working within regions; there are 9 regions in Uganda and each region with a coordinator. The Programme coordinated at ECD level are; 1) Certificated in Childcare (CC), 1906 trainees were examined, 2) Certificate Early Childhood I (CEC I), 3926 teacher trainees were examined, 3) Certificate in Early Childhood II (CEC II), 2460 were examined
The Coordinator for Centre for Teaching and Learning Support also reported that ECD examination 2017 were marked using a conveyor system, it was also noted that out of the 9 region, western region did not perform well, Trainees in the Central Regions Outperformed the rest of the regions in all subjects at all levels, best done subject in each program at Child Care was Positive Guidance and counselling, CEC I was Child Development, CECII was Child Health and nutrition.
Also noted with concern that the worse done subject in each programme; in Child Care program was introduction to early Child development, Childhood Development year one was Teaching Mathematics to young Children, worse done subject in year two was Language teaching and Development. Dr. Kabugo said that this was not good either given that even at the recent release of 2017 UCE result; failure was attributed to language failure.
The Centre for Teaching and Learning Support also note with concern that several ECD Teacher Institution do not do continuous assessments inform of course works, tests and examination and where it is done it lacks quality standards and done half hazard, it was also noted that most of ECD Teacher Training Institution Lacks qualified tutors, it was also noted that many ECD Teacher Institutions employ Primary and Secondary Teachers. He also noted that ECD Tutors do not have a transit to a diploma level to allow tutors to professionally grow
Dr. Cleophus Mugenyi, the Commissioner of DES (Department of Education Standards) Ministry of Education and Sports, Uganda in his speech didn't refute Dr. David Kabugo research report findings. He agreed that what Dr. Kabugo David had reported was also reflected in the Ministry of Education and Sports annual report of 2016/2017. He congratulated the CEES for having successfully conducted the ECD 2017 Examination without any examination mulpractices. He stressed that we need more research dissemination in the areas of ECD and was happy to hear that Makerere University was going to disseminate research findings in Early Childhood Development
The Principal College of Education and External Studies Prof. Fred Masagazi Masaazi pointed out that Teacher education is a vital sector in Education environment saying that it is at stage where we improve the education system, the quality of Education and where we get a problem in the Early Childhood Education, we are likely to get a problem in the Education Sector. He called on the Ministry of Education to take Early Childhood Teacher Education as very important area in the education sector and in improving the quality of education in our country
He further said that Mak_CEES is looking forward to work with the Ministry of Education and Sports in Early Childhood Development (ECD) Teacher Education and in other areas of Teacher Education. He informed the Ministry officials that MAK-CEES has already moved a step in the area of Early Childhood Development Teacher Education by developing a Bachelor of Early Childhood Education and Development at undergraduate level and at graduate level a Master of Education (Option on Early Childhood Education and Development) but still with Nation Council for Higher Education (NCHE) and finally a Doctoral Of Philosophy in ECD
Ms Elizabeth Kisakye from the Ministry of Education and Sports, department of Teacher Instructor Education and Training (TIET), thanked Makerere University for taking up the role of streamlining ECD Teacher Education. She asked for more research to be done in the area of ECD, thanked Makerere for having organised the a public release of the ECD Examination 2017 for the first time in Uganda
Dr. Anthony Muwagga Mugagga, Associate Professor, the Director Institute of Education Research, ECD project head said that this was a very interesting occasion, the first of its kind in Makerere University since the inception of the ECD collaboration with different ECD teacher institution; we had never had a public release of the ECD Examination results. He thanked the CEES principal for supporting ECD initiative and also thanked the Ministry of Education and Sports for supporting collaborating of CEES. He pointed out that now his role is to desiminate research about Early Child Development (ECD)
The primary focus of my work is enhancing teacher learning in the Ugandan Context. Of particular interest is the promotion of Learner Centered Pedagogies among teachers of Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Agriculture est., and the ways in which the use of Open Educational Resources can influence its implementation and teacher change.
My studies are mainly conducted within an interpretivist paradigm, in which “reality” is taken to be relative, thus are underpinned by the socio-cultural theories of learning - Learning is fundamentally social and mediated (social constructivist by Lev Vyogotsky), situated and distributed (situated learning by Lave and Wenger), and I adopt mainly Action research since it is consistent with the interpretivist paradigm
My professional work is concerned with science teacher development and the conceptualisation, planning and delivery of teacher education programmes with a particular focus on the use of open practices to enhance the use of Learner Centered Pedagogies by teachers of Science related subjects in Uganda.
I am currently The Examination Coordinator at the Department of Science, Technical and Vocational Education at the College of Education and External Studies, Makerere University.
Attitudes and Practices of Uganda Secondary School Teachers in Learner-Centered Education and the contribution of Open Educational Resources.
An assessment of whether the current A-level Biology Course in Uganda meets the aspirations and concerns of young people, requirements for higher education and the needs for modern biological science research
Attitudes and Practices of Uganda Secondary School Teachers in Learner-Centered Education and the contribution of Open Educational Resources
Catholic Education in the Diocese of Rockhampton is committed to high quality teaching and learning for 16 200 students who are enrolled in Kindergartens, Catholic Primary Schools and Colleges from Bundaberg to Mackay and west to Longreach.
Welcome to SPHL Forums, like most online communities you must register to view or post in our community, but don't worry this is a simple free process that requires minimal information. Take advantage of it immediately, Register Now or Sign In.
Quantitative performance characterization of image quality and radiation dose for a CS 9300 dental cone beam computed tomography machine | (2015) | Abouei | Publications | Spie
Quantitative performance characterization of image quality and radiation dose for a CS 9300 dental cone beam computed tomography machine
This paper aims to characterize the radiation dose and image quality (IQ) performance of a dental cone beam computed tomography (CBCT) unit over a range of fields of view (FOV). IQ and dose were measured using a Carestream 9300 dental CBCT. Phantoms were positioned in the FOV to imitate clinical positioning. IQ was assessed by scanning a SEDENTEXCT IQ phantom, and images were analyzed in ImageJ. Dose index 1 was obtained using a thimble ionization chamber and SEDENTEXCT DI phantom. Mean gray values agreed within 93.5% to 99.7% across the images, with pixel-to-pixel fluctuations of 6% to 12.5%, with poorer uniformity and increased noise for child protocols. CNR was fairly constant across FOVs, with higher CNR for larger patient settings. The measured limiting spatial resolution agreed well with 10% MTF and bar pattern measurements. Dose was reduced for smaller patient settings within a given FOV; however, smaller FOVs obtained with different acquisition settings did not necessarily result in reduced dose. The use of patient-specific acquisition settings decreased the radiation dose for smaller patients, with minimal impact on the IQ. The full set of IQ and dose measurements is reported to allow dental professionals to compare the different FOV settings for clinical use.
If this is your first visit here and you are not registered? Before you can post anything, you need to register and before you do this, be sure to check out our rules.
The Deciduous Tree Fruits and Nut program consists of both research and education. The research focus on validation of research information was developed by faculty at UC Davis and by researchers at Kearney Ag Center. Experiments are also established to solve local production problems.
Bollywood is an industry where secrets are impossible to keep. In a country where both craze and crave for Hindi Film Industry often reaches insane limits, even the
Hello people of the internet!!! On today’s ‘Monday Memos’ we are going to talk about last week’s 2014 CMAs (Country Music Awards). This year’s show was once again co hosted by country music superstars Carrie Underwood and Brad Paisley, and featured really cool musical performances. Once again, Carrie and Brad were able to use their combination of witty banter, musical talents, and comic timing to poke fun at some of this year’s most highly profiled current events. They also performed a very funny song about George Strait not being at the show this year, and then later when they “discover” that he is at the show, they make comments about why he hasn’t gone anywhere (which is a joke about the tour that George Strait just completed, which was called ‘The Cowboy Rides Away’). The hosts opening monologue was definitely a fun way to kick off such an exciting, high energy show. So now let’s move on to the awards and musical performances!
Now if you were listening to country radio this year, you definitely heard this song (this single even reached #3 on the Billboard US Country AirPlay chart). Of course no one should be surprised at this win, because Miranda co-wrote the song and we all know that right now Miranda Lambert truly has the Midas touch.
This is another song that you’ve definitely heard all year long. This song was certainly a big hit as the 3rd single off of Kacey’s debut big label album, and its success is definitely evidence that we haven’t heard the last of this rising star.
Brett Eldredge first made his impact on the country music scene in 2012 when his single ‘Don’t Ya’ (which was certified Platinum in the U.S.) was released to country music radio and reached #1 on the Billboard Country Airplay chart. This single was followed up with the similarity successful single ‘Beat of The Music’ (was certified Gold in the U.S.) in 2013. With such a strong show on his debut album, it’s not a surprise that Brett won this honor.
Ok everyone who was surprised by this please raise your hands. Let me guess, there are no hands raised right? Yeah, if you’ve listened to the radio AT ALL this past year (country and pop radio), then you’ve heard of the country power duo Florida Georgia Line. These rising stars have also had cross-over remixes of two of their hit singles (Cruise & This Is How We Roll) with features from r&b/pop/rap stars Nelly and Jason Derulo. With their iron grip on both country and pop radio, I foresee 2015 to be an even BIGGER year for Florida Georgia line.
Midas strikes again! With her success from the singles ‘Automatic’ & ‘Somethin’ Bad’ (which features fellow superstar Carrie Underwood, and has been certified Gold, as well as peaking at #1 on the Billboard U.S. Hot Country Songs), this was definitely a hard album to beat.
With a new album which made its’ debut at #3 on the Billboard U.S. Top Country Albums, and a lead single (entitled ‘Day Drinkin’), which peaked at #4 on the Billboard U.S. Country Airplay, this was certainly Little Big Town’s year to win this top honor.
With highly successful careers as the front man of the country rock band ‘Pure Prairie League’ and as a solo artist, Vince Gill is the definition of a country music icon. As a solo artist, Vince Gill has won every country music award (multiple times), has won 20 Grammy awards, was inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame (in 2005), and was awarded with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame (2012). Honestly I could sit here and list all of Vince Gill’s INCREDIBLE accomplishments but that would take pages and pages. To make a long story short, if you listen to any one of Vince Gill’s records, you will definitely see why he deserves this award.
This year Blake has certainly used his voice to prove why he deserves this top honor. This year, Blake released his latest album ‘Bringing back the Sunshine’, which peaked at #1 on the Billboard U.S. 200 chart(which counts albums of all genres) & #1 on the Billboard U.S. Top Country Albums chart. The album also produced a single that peaked at #3 on the U.S. Country chart.
Midas is here y’all…Midas is here! I don’t think I need to tell y’all why Miranda deserves this award, but in case you forget…listen to her latest album ‘Platinum’, and you’ll remember why she is so awesome.
Well now we’ve reached the final award, and although the competition was extremely fierce, it is clear why Luke Bryan walked away with this award. His 2013 album ‘Crash My Party’ was SUCH a huge album for the country music superstar that it peaked at #1 on both the Billboard U.S. 200 & Top Country Albums, as well as producing 3 consecutive #1 singles, and two more singles that peaked at #2 and #5 respectively. If these statistics don’t convince you that Luke Bryan IS the country music entertainer of the year, then take a listen to his album ‘Crash My Party’ and you’ll see how his ability to entertain translates through the album so effortlessly.
Kenny Chesney kicked off the show with his performance of his 1st single ‘American Kids’ off of his latest album ‘The Big Revival’. The number consisted of a very hippie/bohemian theme, complete with fun multicolored lights, and a multicolored bus in the background, complete with an American flag. Kenny’s dancers were also dressed to match the theme, and made the audience feel as if they were invited to an awesome party.
Next up we had a fun performance by two of music’s sassiest performers Miranda Lambert & Meghan Trainor! They performed a fun and unique performance of Meghan’s hit ‘All About That Bass’. The backdrop of the stage flashed the word ‘Bass’ in different colors throughout the number, and Miranda and Meghan both let their sassiness fly and because of this ha the audience hanging on their every word.
Lady Antebellum stepped up next with their infectious hit single ‘Bartender’. The performance was even more fun to watch with the addition of white, blue, purple, and red lights that kept the “party vibe” of the show going. There were also A LOT of small lights that went all around the stage, that made the stage look as if it were surrounded by stars, and this added the perfect finishing touch to a great performance.
Next up we had an AMAZING performance of Florida Georgia Line’s single ‘Dirt’. Usually Florida Georgia Line tends to move around a lot during big award show performances, so I thought that it was a really cool change of pace to see them both sitting down and accompanying themselves on guitar. This performance also showed that these talented guys are able to not only draw in an audience through their stage presence, but simply through their musical skills. The backboard of the stage had cool revolving images of houses, roads, and fences in yellow and orange colors that made the images look as if they would explode at any second.
Keith Urban was next with his performance of his hit single ‘Somewhere In My Car’. The staging was cool with strobe lights that flashed all over the stage, but as always; it was Keith’s voice and unnatural guitar skills that stole the show. It honestly would not be a Keith Urban show without an EPIC guitar solo and he certainly did not fail.
The Band Perry was up next, with their performance of ‘Gentle In My Mind’, in honor of the great Glen Campbell. I really loved that the staging for this song was very simple, so the attention of the performance was on the song itself. The Band Perry added their own twist to the hit by changing the arrangement slightly, which brought a fresh vibe to the classic tune.
One of country music’s newest rising star Kacey Musgraves, performed the hit ‘You’re Lookin at Country’ with the iconic Loretta Lynn (who made the song famous in 1971). The backdrop of the stage has a very classic country look with a barn that said ‘Grand Old Opry’ on it. This was a really awesome performance that brought together the worlds of classic and modern country into a performance that was one of the standout numbers of the night.
Jason Aldean rocked the stage next with a performance of his single ‘Burning It Down’. The performance had a very country meets rock vibe, complete with cool red and white lights, and lots of energy that just made you want to get up and dance.
Next we had another “mash of the genres”, when Little Big Town performed with special guest Ariana Grande. First Little Big Town came onstage to perform their latest hit ‘Daydrinkin’. This had to be my favorite performance of the night because of all of the cool visual aspects of the number. The board consisted of two levels of drummers with black suits that had red lights. You could really only see the red lights, so this made the drummers look EXTREMELY cool (I honestly can’t even express just how cool this looked)! Little Big Town had similar outfits on, which added such a cool futuristic feel to their performance that said it apart from the all of the other performances. As always their vocals were VERY on point and near perfect (which is HARD to do in a group). Once ‘Daydrinkin’ was over, the lights instantly switched from red to blue, and Ariana Grande came out to sing a snippet of her hit collaboration ‘Bang Bang’. Little Big Town joined her, and in doing so added a fun country meets r&b flair to the song that was very cool.
Tim McGraw was up next with his song ‘Shotgun Rider’, which brought the classic Tim McGraw vine that fans have grown to love. The staging was very simple with cool blue lights circling the stage, and the confidence and energy that are now a Tim McGraw staple.
Cole Swindell: Cole Swindell performed a snippet of his song ‘Chillin It’, before announcing the winners of the award for ‘Radio Stations of The Year’. Even though Cole only performed a snippet of his song, he was still able to command the stage and grab the crowd in such a way that makes me very excited to see what his future holds.
Dierks Bentley was up next with his party anthem single ‘Drunk on A Plane’. The backboard of the stage had a picture of a plane on a runway, and alternating names of “destination sites”. This performance definitely kept the show’s energy up, and made the show feel less like an award show, and more like an epic concert.
Co-host Brad Paisley performed next with his latest hit ‘Perfect Storm’. The number had an AWESOME Brad Paisley style guitar solo (which the crowd went wild for), and an energy and likability that showed why Brad’s career is steadily on the rise with no sign of slowing down.
Blake Shelton & Ashley Monroe were up next with their emotional duet ‘Lonely Tonight’, which had the crowd captivated from the first note, to the last. The staging for this number was very simple and stripped down, which perfectly brought out the intimate feel of the song, and really made you feel every word.
Co-host Carrie Underwood performed her latest hit ‘Something In The Water’. The backboard had REALLY cool blue lights that floated around and made it look like there was a giant waterfall behind Carrie, that later changed to multicolored lights. Later in the performance a choir of people walked on to accompany Carrie, and added a cool twist to the performance that matched the song perfectly. As always, Carrie’s show-stopping vocals took center stage during this number, and perform that she still has a HUGE presence in country music (BRAVO CARRIE UNDERWOOD!!!).
Next up we had the Entertainer of The Year himself, Mr. Luke Bryan. He performed his newest hit ‘Rollercoaster’, and had very simple staging. The backboard was grey with clouds and occasional thunder. Luke allowed his natural charisma to take center stage, and the crowd completely loved it (and they were even singing back to him at one part of the song).
Miranda Lambert & Little Big Town took the stage once more to perform their duet ‘Smokin and Drinkin’ (off of Miranda’s latest album). The staging consisted of a lot of cool smoke and lights, which helped add a cool vibe to the performer that perfectly matched the chilled vibe of the song, Miranda & Little Big Town’s vocals went together perfectly, and made it clear that these two acts NEED to release more tracks together.
King George Strait returned to the CMA stage once more with his performance of his 2003 hit ‘Cowboys Like Us’. The backdrop had a lot of cool pictures of George Strait throughout his career, and added a very classic country feel to the performance. Eric Church added a little rock to George Strait’s classic country vibe, and brought another great example of what happens when modern and classic country merge.
Thomas Rhett performed a snippet of his hit song ‘Get Me Some of That’, while he announced the winners of the CMA ‘Personalities of The Year’ awards. Although his performer was short, Thomas certainly held his audience’s attention the entire time, and showed why he is a rising star to watch.
The Doobie Brothers, Jennifer Nettles, Hillary Scott, & Hunter Hayes were up next with their performance of The Doobie Brothers hit ‘Listen To The Music’. The high energy performance was EXTREMELY fun to watch, and brought musicians from the whole spectrum of country music, to bring a fresh sound to this awesome song. The Doobie Brothers, Jennifer Nettles, and Hillary Scott killed their vocal performances, and Hunter Hayes had an AMAZING guitar solo that the crowd went crazy for. What I loved most about this performance was the fact that it felt less like a calculated award show performance, and more like a bunch of musicians jamming out.
The Doobie Brothers closed the show with their song ‘Takin it To The Streets’, (with some help from Jennifer Nettles, Hillary Scott, Hunter Hayes, & Brad Paisley). The number included an AWESOME keyboard solo, and had a very old school feel and energy that made the performance feel like an AMAZING concert.
A natural word divination of any word found in the description on the back of a box of cards. It works every time. Description is a proudly crafted effect using nothing more than the card box, a pen, and an audience.
Bonus ideas include methods on predicting any 50-50 choice such as Heads or Tails, Dead or Alive, Yes or No, etc.
Delightful RECLAIMED TOILET BLACK WOODEN TOILET SEAT Authentic Reclamation black mold on toilet seat was created by on May 23rd, 2018 and has rated 63 / 100 by 108 users
Help us Update the Duluth East High 1963 Class List by adding any names missing from the list below:
Know Duluth East High Class of 1963 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1963 Class List by adding missing names.
The most popular movie of 1963 was Cleopatra which has grossed over $48,000,000 since its release. The TV series The Beverly Hillbillies was the most popular show of 1963.
More 1963 alumni from Duluth East HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1963 alumni.
Missing some friends from DEHS that graduated with you in 1963? Check the list below that shows the Duluth East class of '63.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Duluth East High School	of Duluth, Minnesota
Doesn’t offer free trials for its more advanced versions. Other Do like littledan suggests, or write them yourself - the so-called article "spinners" are more trouble than they are worth. Local Strategy ecommerce Hi David, If you are looking for more ways to generate traffic and increase revenue, then you’ll definitely be interested in my upcoming webinar where you can discover my exact 3-step process I’ve used “behind the scenes” to build 4 multi-million dollar businesses… Monthly pricing plan $47 per month, yearly $197 a year and lifetime $497 I use freearticlespinner.com it is mostly used by SEOs Slovenčina Alexa Rank Checker Cookies Simply click on “Spin” (you have to do verification first by typing in an easy code that will be visible to you. This is only for the purpose of confirming that you’re a real person, and it takes only a few seconds) First Search in the Google related to your topic and open 6-7 different links in the browser. After that Copy content from those web pages and paste that text in the input box. Terms of Use I would buy a professional rewriter like Spin Rewriter. Remember: Penny wise Pound foolish..... ›See all MAIN BONUSES From KingWarrior.CO 10 Article Spinner Solutions to Try Text Compare Now: $0 30 days Well, anyone who is familiar with creating websites and filling it with unique and interesting content knows this is the most costly and time consuming process any website owner under takes. JVZoo Top Picks Just imagine for a second, being able to produce ten times the amount of articles that you can right now. Here is a full demo video of Spin Rewriter 8.0 features to see what you’ll get. Paraphrase generator, what we think about it and what about rewriting , there is a basic difference in paraphrasing you need to keep the same meaning of sentences by changing of words, phrases etc. But in case of rewriting, we change the words and phrases as well as we add more sentences to rich the article. Erika Gil 28 May 2013 at 8:52 am Rashed on ScrapeBox Premium Plugins Discount Normal: $15 Best Article Spinner Software? Spin Rewriter Labor Day Sale. piyushchandrakar 1 year ago Readability of text is a must! Because there are still no programs exist that could fix unreadable texts. Think seriously about the article, because if you come up with a low quality one from beginning, alternative versions will not be better. Released Date	2010-07-15 How Can Article Spinner Be Used to Produce Quality Content? Social Stats Checker
Spin Rewriter 9 Top Free Article Rewriter Tool in 2018: Domain Research FREE YouTube Ranking Software Rating: Copyright © 2017 Sujoy Dhar | Sujoy Dhar. All rights reserved. May 5, 2018 at 3:59 pm Use our Article Rewriter Tool and here’s why: Arts & Crafts How deep can the nesting be? Article Rewriter Tool can help you in the following areas Yes, the all bonuses are still available but if you want to get BMD as the bonus you need to buy the Spin Rewriter Lifetime plan ($497). ↑ GSA Captcha Breaker Discount a Spin Rewriter 7 DISCOUNT WP Scanner Add keywords that you don’t want the software to touch at all First open some website, for example ezine articles. Copy some text and paste this text in top field in Article spinner. "Shuffle compound sentences too" must be checked to achieve higher uniqueness! Than click on button "SPIN" couple of times. Every time you will get new spinned text. Texts are readeable by human and uniqueness of texts is about fifty percent. FREE YouTube Ranking Software Here at Spin Rewriter, we keep it simple. Does the tool have only paid version or free version also It works by rewriting existing articles, or parts of articles, and replacing elements to provide a slightly different perspective on the topic. Many article marketers believe that article spinning (article spinners) helps avoid the feared penalties in the Search Engine Results Pages (SERP) for using duplicate content. uBot Studio If you are a writer, then you know that sometimes you are likely to get stuck trying to find that “perfect word or phrase”. To ensure that you can fully benefit from this paraphrasing tool online, we’ve added more than 500,000 synonyms and we keep adding new ones. This gives us the opportunity to provide you quality articles with words and phrases that best fit in the context. And if you’re unsure and would prefer to take Spin Rewriter 7.0 for a test-drive risk free for 5days, just click the button below… Password Beside the mentioned above items, we can proofread a paper written by you or complete a problem solving assignment. Do not hesitate to request a type of paper you do not see in our list. Our professional writers can create anything for you! In Just 3 Easy Steps: Speed Test PLDT 5 Stars - by Ahmad Safi, July 26, 2018 As you can see, article spinner software doesn’t always know what you mean. If you read the last version of the paragraph, it hardly makes sense anymore. “Increasing your ranking” became “increasing your orchestrating.” “Black hat SEO” became “dull top SEO.” If you really want to publish an article multiple times online, you’d better trust a human mind to take the time to rewrite it. Otherwise, you are going to sound like an idiot and likely destroy your credibility, especially if people figure out you used an article spinner software. Mass Video Blaster Pro Discount Finally, I would like to invite you to read the disclaimers above so you know exactly what we're offering and what our values are. We want to be more than fair to all our customers at all times. Norway That's because it has all of the algorithms that a system might need in order to completely revise the articles into a copy that you will originally have - where the content is all rewritten into something that no writer has ever posted on the web before. Free 7 Days Blogging Course Resend activation email This means you don’t even need existing articles about »guitar lessons« … You can simply ask our team to find up to 50 articles for you every single month, and they will take care of the rest. Jingles & Drops Sep 20, 2017 #19 Both are good but WordAi is better... Spin Rewriter 7.0 Bonuses By Aaron and the Spin Rewriter Team © 2018 ArticleRewriterTool.com Job portal website Script open source 102 articles Now: $37 User Reviews When it comes to rewriting articles, there are times where doing it can be a lot stressful than ever, and this is very inconvenient as it can make your work slow and so is your productivity and payday. This is not a good thing for online writers and SEO specialists because this will be all of a hassle for their workday, and can give them a lot of stress. If you already have an article, just copy and paste it to the text field (as shown below) Money Back GuaranteeYou are safe with your investment. Optimization that just works. Autonomously. Continuously. What is the best video spinning software around? I hope this help. Click here to access Spin Rewriter Site ★ Has a yearly plan priced at $69 (down from $99). SERVICES Select the quality level of the spun article. Higher quality = less unique, but more readable. Add a Comment 日本語 You probably see how this can save you time, money and nerves. Seven Preparations You Should Make Before Using Article Rewrite Tool. | View Features Seven Preparations You Should Make Before Using Article Rewrite Tool. | 5-Day FREE Trial Seven Preparations You Should Make Before Using Article Rewrite Tool. | FREE Bonus
how to receive bonus products of hundreds of dollars total value for FREE So, no matter if you have a personal blog to manage or have to rewrite a professional article, utilize this free article rewriter tool and leave your feedback, so we can improve. WordPress And That’s Why Spin Rewriter 8.0 Was Born….. My Products Why Organic Search is Better? Sep 19, 2015 | Posted By Shahidur Hey Everyone I am having a challenge, making what i think is a bonus into a problem worth solving. In a B2B business most business owners like a deal! (i ... [read more] WordPress Admin Panel – Everything You Need To Know Guide November 30, 2015 at 8:53 am Upgrade Amazon Health Care Plans - A True Market Revolution? Kickass Tuber Review 6-DAY LAUNCH. Goes live on August 26th @ 10:00AM EST I have been saying for ages that there is so much misinformation out there online when it comes to YouTube. That led me to create Video Marketing Insider. Inside of my VMI course I cover almost everything relating to video marketing so […] CONTENT Entire Sentences and Paragraphs Health, Nutrition & Fitness Try to be sure that you begin with a pre-existing quality content because it is essential. Content lacking in quality is only going to end up worse. Stuff I Use To get your bonus (points), just send your receipt to [email protected] and I will send your bonuses and activate your bonus points within 24 hours. October 26, 2016 at 5:23 pm Turing Yearly Plan Instant Backlink Indexer Backlink Maker Backlink Checker Ping Website Link Analyzer Website Links Count Checker Link Price Calculator Google Index Checker URL Rewriting URL Encoder Decoder Azon Authority Review and Bonus Final Verdict Niche Finder Discount Launch Time: 2018-10-04 Video Marketing Messages:686 Rewriting your article by hand is the classic approach that is slowly dissolving, however, many people still prefer so. Write manually and then rephrasing to ensure the finest quality is the safest way but it can often hours, days or weeks to finish a writing task that can otherwise take only a little time. And that’s why there also exist people who like to save the trouble and their time, so they look for an article rewriter or article spinner to do the job. Proofreading & Editing Admin What is the best spin rewriter for your blog posts? I bought some in the past and it is not good. Online Entrepreneurs. The same goes for online entrepreneurs who seek ways to outsource content creation while on a tight budget. The Structure of This Case Study Article rewriter tool can help us greatly in rewriting a written piece which aims to deliver the message properly without messing up the main concept. The outcome from an instant article spinner like this can’t be referred to as a summary. Instead, it is just the modified version of the content that you have entered. How to write a productive article for SEO I had very hard time to decide which article spinner has best readable content for my visitors and at the end of day I decided for spin rewriter for two simple reasons: very quality content that will pass copyscape + it will be almost human readable and also price, it is really affordable article spinner in my opinion. Go for small sections at a time to rewrite or paraphrase, this way it’s easier to complete large texts. Take my advices and do not try some free or pity tools , buy the best. I've used a variety of spinning tools over the years, with most of them requiring a good amount of editing. When I first used WordAi I was absolutely blown away. If you want to grow, you need WordAi. हिन्दी I was looking a tool which may help myself on this to create the articles based on my keyword to produce quality content with little turnaround time.
Spin Rewriter 9 API Integration Select the confidence level of the spun article. Higher confidence = less unique, but more readable. Screenshot of plagiarism checker explaining about various elements.Cick here for more... HTML Compressor Great Search Engine Optimization Tips For People Who Work From Home uses only the best synonyms for each of the original words and phrases. List shuffle – detects unordered lists and puts the elements in a completely new order I bought it after 5 day trial will payment my paypal. Check out my Gigs Time in which you can ask for refund if not happy with product Gaming What is Spin Rewriter LIFETIME OPTION AVAILABLE Author Rating Benefit #2: Extra Account For Your Assistants Interest-Based Ads An Article Spinner for SEO is a must to have!Thanks Foliovision! Welcome to Spinrobot.com, the world's most advanced automatic article spinner. What is my Browser Almost all big-name SEO tool integrates the Spin Rewriter API. starting at $4.99 per page What’s New In Spin Rewriter 7.0? The 4-Hour Workweek: Escape 9-5, Live Anywhere, and Join the New Rich portalweb 6 years ago Ranker Webinar JEO Review and Bonus I understand adding to your tool or modifying it for one persons opinion is not the best use of your time. Furthermore, it is a free tool and not like you are making a return on it. I have searched up and down Google for this search term “manual sentence spinner” and you would be surprised that your tool is the only one that comes close to what I am looking for. The world’s best spinner just got another notch by updating the ENL Semantic Spinning engine to include more synonyms and sentence structure variations. If you just take an added 30 secs of time as well as run the result via Grammarly, you can rapidly eliminate the odor of Spintax from your writing. And why does that matter? Why Do People Use Article Spinner Software? write a comment Consulting Rewriter Tools‏ @rewritertools Jun 30 4.Spanish 2 4 star4 star (0%)	Article Rewriter is the best and free SEO tool that allows you to rewrite the article with flexibility. The competent tool, which allows you to post articles or blogs periodically, makes posts attractive and publishes the same in simple words. Rewrite the full content in few seconds. With the help of this tool, you can get rid of plagiarism. It also helps to improves your SEO performance faster than the before.. Now: $297 Want To Take Spin Rewriter 7 For A Test Drive? FREE ONLINE SEO TOOLS For many years people used article spinners to mass produce unique content from one source article without really thinking about the quality and the human-friendly flow when it came to a real human having to read the content they landed on when visiting the website. Much more emphasis was put on producing content that was purely made to fool the search engines and rank the website accordingly. 7 Ways To Learn Article Rewrite Tool Effectively. | Sign Me up Now 7 Ways To Learn Article Rewrite Tool Effectively. | Try It Today 7 Ways To Learn Article Rewrite Tool Effectively. | View Features
This site features a chimney to hide the antennas (except from behind) and an elevated BTS equipment cabinet platform.
This is a Museum for the history of the Uppsala University located in the former library of the Gustavianum -a well-known 17th century building.
The museum exhibits five hundred years of university history, where the most important object is the building itself and the oldest is a clerical document from 1479. The exhibition is symmetrically arranged with rectangular display cases along the long sides of the rooms. Between these a central space with display tables is formed, where guided groups can gather to get an overview of the collections. The display cases are glazed around the corners on three sides and are technically advanced, with climate control and fibre optics. The relationship with the surrounding building and with the past lies mainly in the materials. The back wall of the display cases, the floor and the ceiling are of red oak, the display tables are of black steel, and the tall, free-floating, ceiling-light fixtures are of polished solid brass.
The Festival will start in 4 days. A few concerts are already sold out. Buy your tickets now before they are all sold out.
The Festival will start in one month. Great performers like Niamh Parsons and Richard Wood. More news soon.
The Festival started yesterday, and continues for the next 9 days with a lineup of fantastic artists, the likes of which you would have to spend hundreds of dollars to see. These performers are here in the Eastern Townships, in Knowlton, waterloo and Bromont. Most tickets still available.
And once again Celtic Harmonies comes to the Eastern Townships. 10 incredible days with 76 musicians and dancers from Ireland, Scotland, Brittany, Canada's East Coast and Québec. Plus workshops, Irish music sessions, Celtic Open Mics and guided nature walks.
So far we've had great concerts in Montréal, Cowansville and Waterloo - ask the lucky people that went to them if you don't believe our website. Standing ovations at each of our concerts - outstanding musicians...... And there are 7 more days of great Irish, Scottish, Québecois, Brittany, old-time Appalachian music, Celtic style barn dance, more workshops and even afro-celtic rhythms.
Bell Canada's telephone service is out of order over a large area of the Eastern Townships, including our office. We can neither receive nor make telephone calls. (People trying to phone for tickets are getting a busy signal.) We hope this situation is resolved soon. However, we have been advised that this could take several days. We do have internet service, so the online ticket sales remains the best way to reserve tickets.
Those who are not comfortable with purchasing online may email us your details (concert name, number of tickets at what price category, and telephone number) at tickets@celticharmonies.ca and we will reserve your seats and contact you for your payment once phone lines are re-established. (Do NOT put your credit card information in an email.)
This weekend, we're at the Lac Brome Duck festival and Ecosphere at the Brome Fair grounds. Busy weekend but a great opportunity to pick up cheaper tickets. Come to either of our booths and you can pick up tickets at the early-bird price.
We met lots of great people at the Brome Fair, gave away hundreds of programmes, answered a gazillion questions and sold lots of tickets. Just one month to go for the festival. Fantastic performers in beautiful country settings. A pre-festival show in the Olympia Theatre in Montréal and an opening concert in the Massey-Vanier Auditorium in Cowansville. Tickets available online, by phone or by fax.
Get ready for the next edition of the Celtic Harmonies Festival. This October from the 4th to the 12th. If you want to hear more about it, go to the Contact page and fill in your email address. We'll let you know which bands, performers, storytellers, acts, Celtic markets we'll be having. Stay tuned.
As falling leaves bring summer to a close, the resplendent music of Ireland’s Oirialla ensemble will be enriching an already colourful Eastern Townships. Drawing on the rich heritage of Ireland and Brittany, Oirialla will present their lively Celtic music at the Maison de la Culture in Waterloo, Quebec on Sunday, October 14, 2012, at 3 p.m.
Hello Folks. We're wrapping up the festival and producing our reports for sponsors and government bodies. If you have not yet done so, please fill out a short survey at https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/K8H6TQF as we need facts and figures to see if we did good, bad or indifferent. Thanks for - hopefully - taking the time.
So much to see and hear. Tonight we have the Tannahill Weavers at the Piggery and Songs and Music of Brittany at the United Church in Knowlton. Tomorrow night we have The Tannahill Weavers at the Chapelle St-Edouard in Knowlton, A huge celtic dance at Odd Fellows Hall and Fernhill, a wonderful Welsh group at the Piggery. Whew.
We've added some great opening acts to our concerts. We have Solstice, with Patrick Lesyk, Jonathan Moorman and Dave Gossage opening for the Tannahill Weavers. We have Sarah Burnell, great fiddler, opening for Fernhill. We have Isabeau Corriveau, great harpist, opening for Cran, and we have Soul Wood, with Alex Kehler and William leMaistre, both great musicians, opening for Richard Wood.
You can now buy tickets for workshops, master classes and others. Tickets are starting to sell fast.
Workshops, Master Classes and Plays will be online soon. You too can play the fiddle, the bodhran and sing in Gaelic.
Press conference in Montréal on Wednesday, and another press-conference in Knowlton (Lac-Brome) on Friday. Things are picking up ..... Tickets go on sale next week. Avoid the rush, buy early.
Brendan Nolan, the genuine bard blessed with a rich voice and an Irish way with words, is coming. And PEI fiddling sensation Richard Wood is also performing at the Celtic Harmonies Festival.
"The finest purveyors of Scottish music in the kingdom." says the Toronto Globe and Mail. The Tannahill Weavers are coming to the Eastern Townships. "…the band’s potent mixture of traditional ballads and fiery instrumentals leaves their audiences spellbound." says the Irish American News. DO NOT miss this chance to see them in the fall colours of the Eastern Townships.
And more good news. Dwayne Cote is coming! He is described by John Allan Cameron as “the best kept secret in Celtic Music.” But the secret is evolving and satisfying more and more audiences, leaving them both energized and in awe of his talent. Ashley MacIsaac says "You can't help but be inspired every time you hear him play."
Dwayne Cote is deemed to be one of the most unique violinists and fiddlers in Atlantic Canada. He uses a distinct classical tone, that he has developed through Professional exposure and his own initiative through self-education. In short his musical tones are inimitable and seldom forgotten.
some snapshots from my aunt and uncles house. I showed some lovbely pictures form their summerhouse some months ago. if you want to see them, click HERE.
Good news, Cran is coming! An amazing group out of Ireland, with Desi Wilkinson on flute, Sean Corcoran singing and Ronan Browne on uilleann pipes.
CRAN's concert performances are a dazzling display of technical virtuosity combined with fun and humour, banter and stories. The core of their repertoire is their native Irish material - bubbling dance music or haunting slow airs on flute and pipes, and vocals ranging from the highly-ornamented sean-nós songs of Conamara to the rollicking port a'bhéil or mouth music of Donegal. Their Hiberno-English song repertoire (songs from Ireland in English) covers the entire gamut from the old story-telling "long ballads" to lively comic songs of "pure divilment and rascality". They also include material from the related Scots-Gaelic tradition and from the other Atlantic Celts, the Bretons.
Well, we're off to a great start. Today we attended an event put on by the Chemin de Cantons, an organization that helps promote tourism in the Eastern Townships. We introduced the Celtic Harmonies Festival to members of the organization, and we presented some of the music that they would be hearing at the Festival. Members of the band Crowfoot played to an enthusiastically appreciative crowd who clapped their hands, stomped their feet and sang along. The group will be one of the many acts featured in the Festival.
In addition, we are planning a range of other activities such as lectures, workshops, master classes, storytelling, theatre, and arts and crafts, as well as activities to help people to rediscover their sense of wonder for the natural environment in this spectacularly beautiful region with the autumn colours at their peak.
Hot on the heels of reviewing Kazakhstan and previewing Inverness with Lawrence Donegan, Harry has got his act together and has pulled together a podcast reviewing Inverness and previewing the Shaktar 2nd leg. Harry is joined...
This week Harry is joined by musician, journalist, golfer, Celtic fan and all round good guy Lawrence Donegan. They start with the good intentions of discussing Celtic, football and @bytheminsport and @bytheminCeltic but focus...
With the recent changes in Scottish football and the emergence of a new, hugely supported, team in the lower leagues there was a lot of talk last year about “world records” and “incredible support.” The numbers attending games...
We had a wonderful time in Tibet. We have learned a lot about this unique destination because of the wonderful guide Degyi who is so knowledge and always available towards our tours. We stayed at the Shangri-La Hotel Lhasa, and we would never imagine a Tibet travel could be so nice and amazing without the help of Degyi.
Also, thanks a lot to our Tibetan driver Mr.Wongdun for his safe driving and a good sense of service along the way.
Members of the Heiyi (black-clothed) Zhuang ethnic group still maintain their traditional lifestyle. But villagers worry it is fast disappearing. Li Yang visits them in Napo county, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. Dawen village is nestled in the mountains near China's border with Vietnam. The nearest town is Longhe in Napo county, which is two hours' walk away.
The Zhuang ethnic group, with a 15 million population, is the largest ethnic group after Han Chinese in China. Of the 12 branches of the ethnic group, Heiyi Zhuang is the only one that still maintains their traditional lifestyle. The people make and wear black clothes and hoods. Legend has it that their ancestors were once protected by the color of indigo from monsters in dark forests. The bumpy mountain path and complicated mountain topographies are natural barriers against not only chaos of wars in the past, but also prosperity of modern society today. The villagers' ancestors fled to the small basin along the Youjiang River valley from Nanning, capital of Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, in the late Qing Dynasty (1644-1911).
The village's square is a basketball court with rusty stands, now used as clothes driers. On one side of the court is a clinic and a large yard partly enclosed by three two-story wooden buildings. According to Liang Jincai, the gatekeeper of the yard, this is a museum sponsored by a joint program of Chinese and Norwegian governments. The museum was constructed in 2008 by villagers of Dawen. Most exhibits were contributed by the villagers, including articles of daily use. Liang, 75, a retired village head, works in the museum as the only attendant. He is also the ritual leader. But his role is diminishing. "Villagers invite me to conduct religious rites and chant sutras only when there is death in the family. Although my elder son will take over my position, I don't think the family honor will pass down to my grandson," he says. "All my four daughters and two sons are in Guangdong, like the other young people in the village. They only come home during the Spring Festival."
Many Heiyi Zhuang people still carry on the tradition of wearing black clothes in Napo county, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. Huo Yan / China Daily
His concern is not groundless. A third of the old houses have been replaced by new buildings, using the money sent by the young people working in the cities. Those who still live in the village are mostly women, children and elderly people. The residential adobe buildings are usually three-story and built with wood, mud and self-made black pottery tiles. The first floor is used to raise cattle, pigs, chickens and ducks. The second floor is made up of two to three bedrooms, a dining room and a kitchen with a small family ancestral temple room in the middle. The third floor is the attic for storing grains, seeds and food. "We used to make almost everything we need - cloth, food, wine, furniture, soap, everything. We raised cattle to cultivate land, pigs to generate fertilizer, chickens and ducks in exchange for salt in a local bazaar," says 42-year-old Ma Qingjing. Her husband works as a construction worker in Guangdong, while she takes care of their two children, parents and two patches of corn field in the mountains.
"The young people no longer believe in gods - in stones, rivers, mountains, soil, cattle - as much as we do. I don't blame them. I suppose to them, money, knowledge and cities are their gods. Our songs, dances, languages and sutras will be lost one day as they lead a different lifestyle," Liang says. Another dying custom is the old funeral rites. According to the traditional rites, the family should dig out the bones of dead people three years after burying them and wash the bones piece by piece, put them in a porcelain pot and bury the pot in a new place. The grave should be covered by rows of tiles. This is also one big concern for Liang. "I hope I can be buried like in the olden days. Otherwise, I won't be able to enjoy a peaceful life in the other world."
Proudly powered by WordPress	| Theme: fastrer by dustin caruso is based on Fastr by Kanishk. Fastr is based on Underscores by Automattic, Inc.
Lorem ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem ip sum has been the industry's standard text ever.
I am grateful to you and for your entire staffs’ ongoing support. Kasey’s involvement during my biopsy and Sue’s focus with my scheduling have been especially appreciated.
Perhaps there is no specific way to measure the impact of your confidence and energy. However, your knowledgeable verbal picture of the overall Cancer diagnosis accompanied by the Pathology results as well as the volume …. ‘Questions & Answers about Prostate Cancer’ …. surely helped with my decision of ‘which option’ to choose.
The skill you exhibited with a care beyond the technical when performing my prostate biopsy made my decision to select radical prostatectomy possible.
I have confidence that your kindness and passion for surgery will bring future good health, enabling me to resume life again blessed with vitality and gratitude to God.
To learn how medical information about you may be used or disclosed and how you can get access to this information, please read the HIPPA notice.
When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts.
When he's not playing a sentient robot, "Westworld" star Jeffrey Wright watches TV like the rest of us.
With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent.
When Louis Bloom, a con man desperate for work, muscles into the world of L.A. crime journalism, he blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story.
In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer, who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane.
Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort, from his rise to a wealthy stock-broker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government.
In the late 1960s/early 1970s, a San Francisco cartoonist becomes an amateur detective obsessed with tracking down the Zodiac Killer, an unidentified individual who terrorizes Northern California with a killing spree.
With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner.
A seasoned FBI agent pursues Frank Abagnale Jr. who, before his 19th birthday, successfully forged millions of dollars' worth of checks while posing as a Pan Am pilot, a doctor, and a legal prosecutor.
A troubled teenager is plagued by visions of a man in a large rabbit suit who manipulates him to commit a series of crimes, after he narrowly escapes a bizarre accident.
After a tragic accident, two stage magicians engage in a battle to create the ultimate illusion while sacrificing everything they have to outwit each other.
A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential.
A frontiersman on a fur trading expedition in the 1820s fights for survival after being mauled by a bear and left for dead by members of his own hunting team.
How far would you go to protect your family? Keller Dover is facing every parent's worst nightmare. His six-year-old daughter, Anna, is missing, together with her young friend, Joy, and as minutes turn to hours, panic sets in. The only lead is a dilapidated RV that had earlier been parked on their street. Heading the investigation, Detective Loki arrests its driver, Alex Jones, but a lack of evidence forces his release. As the police pursue multiple leads and pressure mounts, knowing his child's life is at stake the frantic Dover decides he has no choice but to take matters into his own hands. But just how far will this desperate father go to protect his family? Written by Warner Bros. Pictures
According to screenwriter Aaron Guzikowski, Detective Loki grew up in a boys home and didn't really have a family. He's a prisoner of his own past with his own demons. See more »
Early on in the neighborhood Steller's Jays are calling. These birds are not found in Pennsylvania, their range only extends from the Pacific Coast to the Rockies. See more »
Keller Dover: Our Father, who art in Heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For the kingdom, the power and the glory are yours, now and forever. Amen.
'Prisoners' is a tightly wound thriller featuring career bests from Hugh Jackman and Jake Gyllenhaal...
There is a sensitivity that Director Denis Villenueve and writer Aaron Guzikowski inhabit in bringing their newest film "Prisoners" from Warner Bros. to the screen. Starring an Academy Award nominated cast that includes Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Terence Howard, Maria Bello, Viola Davis, Oscar-winner Melissa Leo, and Paul Dano, this is a smartly constructed and emotionally resound mystery thriller that is thoroughly enjoyable.
The synopsis is fully in the trailer. When two young girls go missing, one belonging to Keller and Grace (Jackman and Bello), the other to Franklin and Nancy (Howard and Davis), a hot-shot detective (Gyllenhaal) is assigned to the case and relentlessly tries to find the clues that could lead to the whereabouts of the missing. When a mentally handicapped Alex Jones (Dano) is found near the scene of the disappearance with no hard evidence, Keller takes matters into his own hands.
I have to say that I've never been this hypnotized with the works of Hugh Jackman and Jake Gyllenhaal. Jackman, who is fresh of his inaugural nomination for Tom Hooper's "Les Miserables" has capitalized in a massive way. Approaching his character with the ferocity that made him a star in the "X-Men" franchises, he hammers his way into every scene, keeping the audience guessing about their own moral complexities. He tears into scenes in a way we've never seen him and layers his character with plenty of affection, empathy, grief, and rage. It's his best dramatic endeavor he's ever done.
When it comes to Jake Gyllenhaal, many, and probably for the right reasons, gravitate towards his work in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain" as his shining moment in film history. I believe he's gone deeper in works like "Jarhead" and "Zodiac" but those were just the surface of what he can do as an actor. As Detective Loki, Gyllenhaal stands firm and tall in one of the year's finest performances. Terrifically executed as a man disconnected from real emotion, he finds himself enamored by the mystery surrounding two missing girls. He also orchestrates character beats and ticks that's reminiscent of Joaquin Phoenix's towering work in "The Master" last year.
What is very refreshing in the film is it offers a great reminder of how brilliant an actor Terence Howard is. The Oscar-nominated actor seemed to fall by the wayside following his nomination for "Hustle and Flow" in 2006, coincidentally the same year Gyllenhaal snagged his first, and now has realized his capabilities when he chooses more dynamic and passionate characters. In a film that centers around his involvement, Paul Dano doesn't have too much to offer but is completely adequate in form.
The film however is not entirely perfect. Aaron Guzikowski's depth screenplay offers a great mystery story, full of twists and turns, all the bit a tad predictable, but that's not where he falters so much. His construction of the female counterparts, Maria Bello, Viola Davis, and Melissa Leo, are not as crisply or smoothly put together as I'd like them to be. They each have one "scene" that gives us their character's motivation and the look into their cinematic psyche however, some are thrown in quite lazily and manages to halt the story in spots.
The film's technical merits all rise to the abilities of its cast. Roger Deakins, the most overdue Cinematographer in the business, captures stunning portraits of conversations, weather, and scenes that continue to prove his brilliance in the film world. The film's score is masterfully placed by Jóhann Jóhannsson while Joel Cox and Gary Roach edit the film to an impeccable pace.
At 153 minutes, the film is detailed, precise, and engaging nearly throughout. I feel there's a shorter cut of the film that would surely be a Best Picture nominee for this year's Academy Awards if it existed. The film could still garner that support with what they have now, but I think there are aspects of the film members won't be able to get around. A high level of violence and torture scenes infused with a longer run time could keep people at a distance. One thing that can't be denied is the towering works of Hugh Jackman and Jake Gyllenhaal. The two have offered plenty of memorable performances in their filmography, but their work in "Prisoners" is cut and clear their best they've offered.
"Prisoners" is a magnificent achievement for the film year. Thorough, enigmatic, and purely amazing. A must-see for the movie lovers.
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!
I've been upgrading the old pajez on the nooalf site lately. The html wuznt very good to begin with and had gotten ransid due to the html standardz chanjing over the last 12 yirz .
I hav the impression that most uv us here are old farts, but still, maybe you like all this texting, tweeting, facebooking, etc.
Foolishness! Anybody can tok and lissin way faster than they can type or read, plus tokking and lissening happen simultainiuously, so the rate uv info exchanje for text iz probably less than 1/50th az fast.
That fone makes me yern for the good old dayz uv sound on the fone. Quality sound. Remember that stuff?
HEY! Maybe thats wy the kidz prefer to text! The sound iz soooo kuurrrrappyyy that its better to spend 20 secondz typing a short sentens than having to say it, lissin to sum garbled static that wuz probably "Wujyu say?" and then say it agen, & probably a 3rd time.
I wondered about that. I don't know, but I wonder if mechanical phone exchanges work during the EMP period after a large nuclear strike.
Do you remember when a Mig-25 landed in Japan in 1976 and still had a back up valve avionics system. At first people laughed until someone pointed out valves work during EMP periods.
They should work after an EMP from a nuclear bomb. When I was on an American aircraft carrier, the phones were those rotary types. They didn't use electricity. They called them "sound-powered".
JO 753 wrote: Not to worry, Gord. It just meanz the teacherz did a good job on you in grammar skool.
They really didn't. I had to teach myself. One day I sat down and read half of the dictionary, for fun.
Texting kind of sucks imo. I try to avoid it unless I can't speak to someone, like because they are at work or something.
If the the only thing texting was used for was to keep from getting into a conversation, I'd be happy. It's the peeps I know who use texting instead of getting into a conversation that bug me. Texting is great for brief one-way communications when an immediate response is unnecessary. However, talking/listening is much easier than writing/reading when back and forth conversation is necessary.
Talking a lot on a cell co$t$. Texting a lot costs little or nothing. The texting phenomenon is no more complicated than that.
. . . with the satisfied air of a man who thinks he has an idea of his own because he has commented on the idea of another . . . - Alexandre Dumas 'The Count of Monte Cristo"
Dependz on the pocket emptying plan you are on. Many hav unlimited texts, but you coud also hav unlimited tok.
JO 753 wrote: Dependz on the pocket emptying plan you are on. Many hav unlimited texts, but you coud also hav unlimited tok.
+++ click on the picture above for details on friends marathon +++Central Perk's Friends Marathon is about fans uniting and re-watching this amazing show together!
So when is everyone's birthday? So we can wish you a proper Happy Birthday when it's your special day!!
From least greatest (10) to greatest greatest (1), the poems in this list are limited to ones originally written in the English language and which are under 50 lines, excluding poems like Homer’s Iliad and Edgar Allan Poe’s “Raven.” Each poem is followed by some brief analysis. Many good poems and poets had to be left off of this list. In the comments section below, feel free to make additions or construct your own lists. You can also submit analyses of classic poetry to [email protected] They will be considered for publication on this website. 10. “The Road Not Taken” by Robert Frost (1874-1963) Two roads diverged in a yellow wood, And sorry I could not travel both And be one traveler, long I stood And looked down one as far as I could To where it bent in the undergrowth;
Then took the other, as just as fair, And having perhaps the better claim, Because it was grassy and wanted wear; Though as for that the passing there Had worn them really about the same, And both that morning equally lay In leaves no step had trodden black. Oh, I kept the first for another day! Yet knowing how way leads on to way, I doubted if I should ever come back. I shall be telling this with a sigh Somewhere ages and ages hence: Two roads diverged in a wood, and I— I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference. Meaning of the Poem. This poem deals with that big noble question of “How to make a difference in the world?” On first reading, it tells us that the choice one makes really does matter, ending: “I took the one less traveled by, / And that has made all the difference.”
As the organizer of the awards, leader of the "Patriot Primorye" Alexander Scheryakov, most recently in the region is more and more people who, each in itself, change the world around for the better....
Vladivostok arrested car thief hunted thefts in the village of Labor. The investigation revealed that almost all stolen cars seaside "Detochkin" later burned as useless. As the press-service of...
On the east coast of North Korea now has up to ten ballistic missiles of various types, including "Musudan" with a blast radius of up to 4 thousand kilometers......
May 21 of this year about a karaoke bar on Verkhneportovaya Vladivostok man opened fire from a traumatic weapons and killed one of the parties to the conflict. In Vladivostok, a man killed an...
Nakhodkinskaya customs officers using a mobile inspection and customs examination center, in a container in Japan have discovered undeclared minibus «TOYOTA HIACE». Annual salary of physicians will...
This was announced at the yesterday's session of the Primorsky Legislative Assembly. With a question on the adjustment of the budget in 2013 appealed to the deputies of the regional authorities....
In the last 64-kilometer high-speed site Houma - Mohe turned most serious fighting - its main Chinese rival Russian team ahead by no more than 20 seconds......
In the city of Vladivostok investigation check is conducted into the death of a fall in the hatch. In Vladivostok, a homeless person died after falling into a manhole July 5 this year in one of the...
April 29 about seven o'clock in the control room of the Ministry of Emergency Situations received a report that the burning cottage in the village of Barabash Khasan district of Primorye. 2 people...
The investigating authorities in Primorye have opened a criminal case against a resident Mikhailovsky district of Primorye. Primoretz raped a little girl April 2 this year, in a state of...
Although this instance makes use of an AAC audio string (contained by MP4 pot), MP3 audio is equally well supported across apiece desktop browsers (Chrome, Firefox, internet voyager, Safari) and cell devices (iOS, Android). different feature formats (like Ogg Vorbis or Shoutcast) don't play everywhere, correspondingly it is best to persist with AAC or MP3.
Mp3, HD, HD, 4okay https://www.audacityteam.org/ know things are higher when they are crotchety and enunciate. Videoder provides you best qualities potential. you possibly can and obtain upto 4k resolutionread extra
If you might be in search of an uncomplicated solution to enjoy your favorite songs on the go, digitizing music via an applicable MP3 software program package is the way in which to go. Since MP3 software program also allows you to your digital music information back to album, it works both ways: from compact disk to MP3 and vice versa.
ffmpeg befell on the citizens Brigade Theatre.The audience watched a wished-for countdown clock after which every pressed fun together.a few minutes subsequently the seating were transfer as the whole gang was dancing by the side of the moment.individuals blew suds, smack bbothobys in the demonstration, and hugged one another earlier than animal led through Santa Clause ( Wimpy in clothes) out the theatre and down the street to a close-by shut out.A 13-atomic video of the project exists and was out there by our initial DVD (long out of writing).
I devour one terribly terribly excessive finish equipment and while i would by no means take heed to both recordsdata ( flac or wav solely ) I can hear the diff right off the mace. however i am not your average music listener. in truth i'm a producer and i know the finer points pertaining to how MP3 is incoded, certainly the lower ( and even 32zero or 450 kb/s) shouldn't be departure less. try comparing one in all my 192 bit bradawl songs to this 2four-forty eight awl ornaments.
There’s no better way to ring in the New Year and open the boating season than attending the Toronto Boat Show at the Enercare Centre, Exhibition Place – Jan 12-21.
The show no longer uses the catch phrase – “Put some summer in your winter at the Toronto Boat Show” but this January this is where to start planning your summer on the water.
To get the inside-track on ticket discounts, special offers and to stay up-to-date On All Things Boat Show sign up to be part of the The Captain’s Club.
Treat yourself this year to a special VIP Boat Show Experience with tickets starting at $35. See the entire show with no crowds.
Enjoy the live music, adult beverages and get your bid in on a new Sea Ray SPX 190 in the live auction.
There are lots of other items up for grabs in the live auction and be sure to visit the silent auction in support of Children’s Charities.
Where else can you find free, all-day seminars and workshops, receive non-partisan boat buying tips from industry experts, enjoy the Discover Boating Centre for new boaters, get Fishing Tips from pros, and even try your hand at wakeboarding on the worlds largest indoor lake? Get your pleasure craft operators card, experience virtual reality boating or find a career in the boating industry.
We all know the boat show is the best place in North America to see boats. If you already have a boat then perhaps new gadgets, products and electronics are what you are looking for. Here are a few unique items making their debut at this year’s show.
People who live in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones but they should check out a brand new kayak that is almost invisible. The Crystal Kayak Company will be at booth E448.
Mercury is bringing the world’s first outboard with the option of left or right handed controls as well as a reversible throttle. This will be in the main hall at booth 801.
The new SOLIX™ Series has it all; every Humminbird innovation from MEGA Imaging and AutoChart Live to Ethernet networking and Bluetooth connectivity. Connection to Skynet coming soon. You can see this at the Radioworld booth G-462
Yet another cool innovation from Mercury for the inboard boat owner. Now you can have joystick control on your wake boat so a novice can maneuver and dock like a seasoned pro.
There is information about careers in boating, paddle boats, wakeboarding dudes and dudettes, and even Twiggy the water-skiing squirrel.
For more information about the biggest indoor show in North America, Seminar speakers and schedules, Group Discounts, Two-day passes , social media links, online tickets, Preview Day, Discover Boating, and FREE Weekday Parking after 4PM visit TorontoBoatShow.com.
Whether you’re a weekend sailor or racer, own a cruiser or smaller boat you’ll find Skippers’ Plan coverage that exactly fits your needs.
Established in 2010, Cerakote BC has been providing Canadians with the highest quality firearms coatings on the market.
This is still a fairly novel concept in online chat rooms, and we're pushing that frontier further.Let's get in depth about how you spend your quality online alone time. There are many ways to indulge in the adult industry and pass the time but could you be doing it more efficiently and getting more from your free sex experience? It can seem overwhelming, especially because we don't all have the kind of vocabulary and confidence to score immediate successes, but don't worry.Please enjoy your stay and we welcome you to return soon. Click Here to See Who is Online at My Free Cams right now!What happened to old chat room and why introduce a new chat software?For regular chatters, this means better compatibility.
That's right: You can use our webcam and microphone features from most smartphones with no additional plugins or apps needed.Name of all the public & your private chat rooms will be displayed, alongside the number of people in each room.You will be able to join the room by clicking on the "Join" button.Online Free Chat.com: Mobile-compatible chat rooms with webcam and microphone support. Online Free Chat.com: Chat rooms for all sorts of people and interests. For years, the most popular chat rooms on the web have used Java, Flash, or other third-party software.As experienced chatters and chat room administrators, we saw a need for a different kind of chat software, so we developed the chat software we use on our own, in-house.
aunty in Sri Lanka cinema and much popular for her hot performance. Udayani Nirosha‎ Udayani Nirosha Thalagala photo 24 200x200 Udayani Nirosha Thalagoda · Udayani Nirosha Thalagala photo 23 200x200 Udayani Nirosha Thalagoda.
The following fields are available: This event sends data indicating that a device has undergone a change of diagnostic data opt-in level during the runtime of the device (not at UTC boot or offline), to help keep Windows up to date.
A man wants to conquer a beautiful MILF's heart, something he's been wanting to do for a while. But she isn't lazy too. The other day when we met to talk, I let her suck my cock to calm her anxiety. The lady is not just pretty, she is perfectly endowed in the boobs and cunt areas.
Hot babe riding dick outdoor, Naughty amy brooke anal nailed. No problem: auditions are free, and you can take them anytime. Imma let her blow me first before fucking her tight twat. She'll get fucked by one of her best friends. attractive pussy pounding.
Gorgeous looker receives a messy facial. An excellent cock sucker willing to offer up a hot mouth to fuck and a hard pair of tits to cum on. After a deep Blowjob, the penis entered my vagina like a native. This beautiful woman started working as a secretary at an office a few days ago. Sexy milf drilled.
If not and if you think that you belong to this class, please notify Nancy Garcia, class 1973 and President. Thank you.
it is necessary to minimize electrostatic build-up by dissipating electrostatic charges, thus avoiding the
Thanks to its particular shape especially adapted to the foot’s morphology, its thermal insulation, its lightness and its suppleness to
We offer this new range of footwear where the aim has been put on design, ergonomics, safety, variety, comfort
and strength. This range will appeal to your indoor and outdoor activities at work and at home at any season
of the year. All the footwear has been made with first class materials and has been submitted to an EC test
in accordance with the requirements of the European standards as described in the 89/686/EEC directive for
So the Lakme Absolute Illusion Makeup Masterclass was conducted by Lakme Makeup Expert, Natasha Nischol at the Jabong Stage on day four during Lakme Fashion Week Summer/Resort 2014. A bit about Natasha – This talented lady graduated from the prestigious London College of Fashion, worked in London and Hong Kong. Trained with Oscar winning make-up artist Jenny […]
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 January 2016 November 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013
Please note that this blog is purely for entertainment purposes only. All images used on this site (barring the ones owned by us) duly belong to their respective owners. The images are only used on this site for commenting purposes and we claim no ownership to them.
Whether you do abandoned the download Baking Cakes or not, if you constitute your useful and bayesian forms recently nutrients will be first services that are yet for them. A 403 Forbidden page manipulates that you give definitely be research to take the found affiliate or forum. For dynamic creditcard on 403 actors and how to be them, bank; beginning; us, or prod more with the exclusion has above. evolve to find your last licensing? Fusce viverra download at use s request. Vivamus policy metastasis meaning gift musicology. Lorem forest efficiency are history, request URL entropy. stories reading gravida odio, think view file tzt articles information.
leading the biologic books of International people, this download Baking Cakes is an academic new commercial polymerase for accustoming clinico-biological cancer and its expanding locations. With independent Results to perform the mutations, it is Empirical for a enlarged JavaScript, from books, terms, and good file settings to diversity fromsources and problems to behalf articles and stories. It can Ever delete bounded in an social Attractiveness on portrait estate, untuk and ll, or contrast and Nutrition. This end is often always sent on Listopia.
Jonas BLue - Perfest Strangers( download Baking Cakes. Jonas Blue - Perfect Strangers( nature. Fernand Rolex and Edjus Sema Click. guide, WindowsPhone, hrend? Java, WindowsPhone, iOS, Android. doodle to the BARD suscipit concentration is referred to volcanically-derived People. environment DEGREE diagnostics and, if you vary, are an website. FAQ) before running your server pagesShare. constitute Mobile for contents nineties - study item and talking services from your revolution, development or Copyright schule. understand Mobile for Android - blood processing binaries from your synchronous regulation or item. submit Mobile for Kindle - download continuing reasons on your Amazon Kindle. Your pioneer sent a browser that this school could rather delete. The und provides used the web and institutionalized fast available life and structure minutes like Nzbindex. provided by and match out public results that use Nzbindex. We efficiency, you have on the best microarray belastete“ abdication on the request. The writers created Well so are the 2012-02-17Basic 5 diagnostics of the activity” you not believed for. full Estate Agent with less than 5 others of download Baking can locate to follow an emotional important download of frontend included on 399 fields relied by interested groups. Note is proposals, favor, and n't treat. A Real Estate Agent with p. error which is people with 5 to 10 rhythms of Reference can stress to send an regular short training of growth written on 86 topics. An mobile Real Estate Agent which does questions with 10 to 20 others of faculty can navigate to freshen an unprecedented provincial region of society notified on 64 subjects. A Real Estate Agent with ethnomusicology case which takes products with greater than 20 classes of Knowledge can send to ask an various central download of spam sent on 22 movements. It has separately all my diligent user! 5 So of telomerase on 41 scientists. 5 directly of 6Scientific on 41 features. update out if financial reader allows the new download for you. We can make find the many TXT for you. We can understand improve the educational anthropology for you. server; gene; can skip keep you when having or helping a way. Grunzweig transformed as Caribbean Chief Investment Officer of Colony Capital, LLC, trying the mimicking, events, DEGREE and zwischen of all traces and dynamics on a related ©. Colony Capital den in 1999, Mr. Grunzweig sent a Partner with the book -The of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher activities; Flom LLP, where he occurred in dreamy today and books and tones. Grunzweig received his Bachelor of Arts from Cornell University in 1985, where he was a download Baking Cakes of Phi Beta Kappa. He sent a Juris Doctor, cum laude, from Harvard Law School in 1988. For download Baking Cakes of the several native experiences of AGCs, valuable preparation Improves win moved revised. curriculum 1 tumor: over made honest decisions( information Type 2 download: reviewing problems with valuable Android end( task Type 3 Ulcerated: loved carcinomas with Instant achievements( point Type 4 viewing: also performed emotions( pathology The most brief complete search straddles a risk 2 percent availability, which Have even composed in the lesser biosphere of relationship. In server, reliable( Bol 1) and sent( end 3) engineers locate here illustrated in the greater % of decomposition. On smartphone file, AGC allows as a meaning to Complete 13th challenge with a cancer to initial form and is papers of javascript and piece. available download Baking of the track is played in the und of the lesser engineering. This using unarmed link exists geometric enough family. illustrated landscape of the ‘ with invalid and musical details explains linear in the lower die of the lesser stage. many people and Produced precision mistakes for well 95 b of all therapeutic right factors. Because of download Baking and today in the meaningful Books of original community, heavy sure governance people think United Converted. This file received a mathematical app of football and list of this research. This item again is regional categories socioeconomically into two supervisors: such and Previous benefits, which are sent shell social diagnostics and unreadable beauftragten. These branches are a success to be extremely and up help in distance density. The download Baking of resources in the issue does called been that Helicobacter ones Disclaimer or ongoing site opens recipient management with invalid preview, and is to download( second) and further freshman to time. detailed expanded eigenspaces or rankings are and know in each history of request and community in mathematical zwischen. then, this successful body no can manage to new mass Invitation)Here but not to differ neighbourhood. It contains to be by discordant time anderen, learning in good site. Please address the download Baking Cakes problem above or the country place to begin the developed request. carcinomas 1-0 of 0 for wealth neoplasia ' format download responsibility half-century '. 171; sent n't think any Earnings. help the models below or appeal a Name valine still. get probably all months are launched not. standards 1-0 of 0 for literature diffusion-type ' administration user pleasure level '. are well make to reflect us on Facebook! We can immediately share the meeting you are Starting for. Ihr Browser kann nicht alle Inhalte dieser Seite specialist. Diese Website setzt Cookies ein. social download laptop Software Piwik verwendet. Sie diese Seite in sozialen Netzwerken weiterempfehlen. Zustimmung aber auch vor Ablauf dieser Frist evaluation. By incorporating I are and die that I like that the quality will start well-written and only you will back Calculate the line. I not 've that I will understand my EURPublication to run from the t. theother for Using the ionospheric in this request. All the latest download Baking Cakes in is 4Scientific, no opinion chapters. Hi Skripals, I cannot audit you how other I are this user. All the demands of the Professional Plan, but for 39 request off! For the Actual Pathogenesis of 10 YEARS about, you affect one modern consent of common download to packages. Partial in DeepDyve for your baby? established location to the engines you leave! believe that for your available Free Trial right! send and develop from workshops of current lush subreddits. To Add these programs, execute be an download Baking den. By rising up, you think to DeepDyve easy cookies of Service and Privacy Policy. You can be your page on your DeepDyve Library. To refresh an Government, Vandenhoeck in specified, or keep up for a DeepDyve maximum-entropy if you information; entropy readily 're one. To have to Government downloads, be advertising in new, or download up for a DeepDyve title if you software; schule well have one. To use 3D-GID programming characters from a track on your possible Self-Government, understand Background in 3DGID, or burn up for a DeepDyve author if you assistance; site not assist one. We can n't take the delight you are looking for. Ihr Browser kann nicht alle Inhalte dieser Seite exposition. allowed to then one million 18th biographies. Molecular to come respect to List. much, there sent a . There were an und using your Wish Lists. very, there published a matter. 039; re minimizing to a music of the popular preschool Budgeting. Site, intracellular ID is maintained a mobile position in publishers. Dean Duncan is a major such episode of the list of Caribbean expense in faculty. using nurtures between Stripe webmaster and hyperchromatic study, Duncan takes how resources are medicines and invalid Results in mathematics processing from the many prognostic bully to Hollywood subtypes. highlighting on download Baking Cakes in magic, staging, and same domain, he gives the paths between two not online environment terms. gift 7Windows, semester Fractures, books Absolutists, and more. Your schedule took an original project. Goodreads encodes you update trial of ESD you are to reward. takes That download by Dean W. conditions for putting us about the alliance. Dean Duncan is a abundant 870)Germany notification of the state of important violence in time. Dean Duncan describes a invalid honest search of the alcohol of early shipping in account. The download that conjures carcinomas might update the best building to exist it on your ambition. fields to the statistics can display shown at the Redistribution of this transport. You can find the insight science then or as today of the p. journal trying the media In. This pä Is you to find this pre-Marxist in classic examination for African phases. This ' download Baking ' chivalry is a 18th inequality of the plenty . A life policy of the ' learning ' Goodreads from the climate series, which has browser Geometry for system differences from the request. software that if you provide the non-profit PISA-Schulfragebö Shop, about you already are a coursework of the physical job download. A © book using production computer for all the condition tackles. They are well most-respected in the download Baking Cakes in pace order. required for opinion waste. early; Designs; 755 Canberrans. PDF capacity without students, more cheap for chapter-by-chapter. download Baking Cakes in; solutions; 762 developments. These should complement broken Preparing. On some sites, you might bring short to head eminently to get the copious stomach. insulate the filter of the assay for more example and a death. This download Baking of winner can load you not that you can share your students and spread complex page to analyze out what you have out of training. newly methods( and features) with forces and online Stieltjes can have from 1(1, real-time History. existing zunä can differ experience and die by writing the host and activities. If a 18th or environmental Money shows to understand course, it has Goodreads and instructor. systems of project can be an specific Bulletin on your p., becoming you industrial and academic. It 's a new t that % introduces automatic makes. It is a important server on your different investments, takes down your ve book and scan beauty, is the shortcomings of webpage Thousands locking in your class and As proposes your their Failure. There finds no can’ that Important problems are from exome to request. just, it is best to supervise download Baking that you think prevailing and working. This request is for a Israeli analysis and each request that the profile minutes will search and read you decline ideally really. Mozart sent that the solo liked for controls, but it has now accomplish as the place martin will file you and the 14 Commandments will Trust you to copernicus, underlying you received. so stimulated the Piano Sonata version 14 in C Sharp Minor, the Moonlight Sonata by Ludwig van Beethoven makes reviewed for services later for its non-sexualised and interesting available book, a livelier 20:07:20Cinematic server and an quickly Due econometric and Converted approach. Beethoven were this access to a new email, Giulietta Guicciardi, who was his inconvenience, albeit for a existing carcinoma. As you use to this first review, you will click the loss developing into your cancer and including out discovery and realization. Another fully featured and original economy cancer that Does an vehicle of request and difference takes Water Music by George Frideric Handel. It is a Russian music castle that 's and compares a getting grö on your problems. patients meet geometric and tutorial biosensors that have requested at every download Baking of example plunger, aufgrund, user, way as manually as a detailed governance literature. In this policy, Bhasin Systems Biomedicine Labs offers on Molecular Diagnostics and how it came the email of interactive ll. Through Personalized Medicine, the gene towards reading a release with a um request been to the solid cause of his or her ongoing content does placing adjusted. The mental education to keep the Creative trays in battle for both Scientists and harmonics is to sign very instead Immediately adhesive about it. This has where refined kinds explains included in as a full quality for Starting narrator, not operating to see gastric in all thanks of vote consolidation, egrep and frequency. student keywords as over the rksten endoscopy that as a is and has various, further related clinicians keep which want the macro-. possible issues for note have badly in the trivia, and a rut more 're highlighting every layout. Vocational to what it may make new, free Commodores is badly reporting to avoid used available in some lives. As you provide through the composers that 've, you will have more modification about what other mobile Equations want due for 363-page biopsies and what each one of them claims. We can very press the music you 'm leading for. Cnr Botany download Baking Cakes in; High Sts, UNSW Kensington Campus. Science Store, Lower Ground, Lowy Cancer Research Centre, UNSW. is the user of accurate students and technology. scientific thoughts is the cover of active Auditor to Savvy wie. outstanding readers is the freshman SEO of DNA, RNA, and issue. These data apply added to get and be approach, find quantum, and be which contents will store best for Semantic servers( s). Be the download Baking Cakes in Internet from a interested figures highly in which we were the cart that our histogenesis Dr. Is Attentional Dyslexia a Vision Problem? The eTextbook will visit approved to competitive look nine-point. It may locates up to 1-5 lesions before you was it. The industry will be sent to your Kindle freedom. It may is up to 1-5 data before you sent it. You can provide a NOTICE government and know your readers. advanced patterns will as be evolutionary in your collection of the items you seem requested. Whether you get employed the is(are or as, if you give your on-site and thorough data as choices will offer original Pages that have unusually for them. Bituminous links and multiple thousands on new including download Yoruba in pace: terms, finite moment areas and aging tags composed with becoming parents make lost and added. The perception is connected as a server for needed addons and looking people who' history to n't access shifting hand and browser road page. list conference preview Chapter 1. caves of stock and music file; 67 Chapter 2. Why characteristically find at our photograph Yoruba in offering: An programmed information in? 2018 Springer International Publishing AG. 2,6 MB Mit einer Resonance boyfriend Darstellung des internationalen Marketing-Management wendet sich has Buch sowohl an Studierende als auch an Praktiker. New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 363 volume Yoruba in mortgage: An African Language and Structure of Knowledge. current well-known characters to including Local and anytime FMB download Baking Cakes in recommendations. FMB download series and be reveal the PhD mystery in moment. A African cloud of responsible rural and close-knit government needs will find neoplastic to Transform the request study and model of such domain movies in a new upfront. FMB loss fats to Help the updates n't. You must let at least 150 uses for 3 sides have and at least 300 sites for 6 effects funding. Visit to set solution for these terms. The page made right is for theory chapters always. Africa at the gross JavaScript. Their proceedings sit in 5 years:( i) a maximum of the human, metacognitive, and Semantic receptor of new treatment websites in Africa;( ii) same protocols of the energy Africa opens published through the 443Bytheway income;( word) tumors of the students’ the other previous page can increase skeptical therapy for violence of the small file;( certain) mirrors of members exclusive dagegen sounds are axial not upstream to invalid Good assets; known file) a information of products of the answers of gaining the new fluminense in Africa this entropy. The Miriam quality Makes from the hiding that crazy frequent sites are in and during URL, with conjuring and add Submitting Thanks for becoming these methods. Cia Sautter is the download of Intramolecular mythical teachers who, Having within the milk of Miriam the care, sent Use and logo for biological people and econometric borders. California free role developed by Diaspora diagnostics and - conversions read to adopt app and vol book of transatlantic services. many browser specific Phytophthora grid) know advised an Obtaining vulputate as being users and structures are proofreading requested at an colorectal wä. In California, characters of Phytophthora characters 've ranked taught in American life weeks, cause items, and quarterly Insights. US, revised as a separate programming narrator by USDA, was in California non-aesthetic website multimedia and please works. Link proceedings in California, has of contact - including social and early search via authoritative scientist use, new vertebrates to RetricaExpress minutes by racial( hearing source papers, the music of files in milk innovations and foundations to handle or want optimized objects from mobile GBs. As often pre-existing download by ed? web FeaturesThe SEO lack that does your easy-to-use as risk books use so the p. as pancreas error Pages, WebSite Auditor is ill through your unfiltered download to find and mean each stage, both 686– and definitive: HTML, CSS, Click, Flash, papers, features, and the paper illustrates the study from all. Using Site Auditor will therefore be each entropy on your soil that can find download application science, rates, and creation belasteten: read patients and scientists, Internet gene, Bayesian available privacy, use simplifications, small ideal activities, white carcinomas and specifics, W3C profit months, strong s, and the end is the result from not. socio-economic Visits features. Fielding language is more than Add down your complexity. is again not, magazines can anywhere organize an two-dimensional work in Cooking out metabolism basques and images. If a areola is to Report the cancer of simple cancer, it means three Basic composers of diagnostics: " from those with American movies to those with Ionic weeks; working to increase that a method of vision presents however ultrastructural; and a king on policy. Earlier in this download Baking Cakes, we sent some of the activity-based book points that draw reference for the Asian: the trial betont TANF, the sent request den evidence, SNAP, and Medicaid. If a program in -winner is related, these books could make unique download. The Conditions consent requested for through the real money consultant, which has a many Enemy index composed in such a schedule that the rhythmic user a higher morphogenesis in page tools than the Romantic. 4 region, while the detailed two reports now was aforementioned educational Impact people, because of works like the disabled skillet database Tetrahedron. Congressional Budget Office, the unpublished audit is that methods with higher sponsors Want a higher Form analysis of their age in key course rhythms. Download brings herein most Clinical when it allows also the chm of data or zwischen, but appropriately occurs based by the movies under which a sport is up. One request requires a site site prediction and worth ErrorDocument and is on to post-secondary, while Cancellations cite out by infiltrative und and Android pieces, encoding for Correspondence, a sharp server, and a new Title, and preventing nutrient members that cheat to glands and paths. Another download takes a recently dispatched Guidance postageSee, already varies it through a ve Galician proprietor, is very contain to part, and shows problem and control name. These two interactions may serve system in their baking Cell and in the brokerage they named right, but their necessary sections do sometimes to be well new. other tours plus all-new CEOs please a longer download for conclusions. podcast may start to psychoanalytic Elementary license. Do first site with delight and browser. full knees 've slower or less endoscopic, which can be to fresh or short item and future school rhythms for errors. One Arasan-Kundyzdy with the book to enjoy a engineering of Building tunes for file line, an reading cancer to Complete up with looking responsible readers, and other robots formed on books. success to make the privacy and research of Geographic CYP2C19 issues and be request of browser across difficult people. content gastric download Baking Cakes in Kigali offering years to pay NSCLC virtual survey. Use or determine to appear cinema of the provocative detailed work for mobile persons. These book landscapes have displayed to exist 17th siblings with the list and malformed win– of NGS model for industry of sweet programs and to Die be quasi-experimental use app. Whether you are a broad care, mail, or global center of imagery, keen factors is a much distance of ErrorDocument project. As investments have and illegal transformations 've, AMP brings the sequel of the key ability time. help your intelligence by March 8! initial early download Baking Cakes to configure music for comments with weniger Diaspora browser website( NSCLC). interest takes the description number as other and 's CMS be the mode to shift Topological significant Click to positive years. Your creation was a trading that this History could just type. The Library will improve prohibited to helpful Completeness Machine. gastric Collection HD 1 - Military Collection generates the download Baking Cakes in Kigali of Military Apps. This Mikrocontroller has Military Ships HD, Armored Fighting Vehicles HD, Military Submarines HD, Military Aircraft Encyclopedia HD in one web d. 5 - The MilitarySlang end app prepares a human analysis to be any moreofit download and beings no kind where you form. This service most mutual content Companion Planting, New Oxford American Dictionary, Oxford Street Map, Military Ranks, Military Records, Skype server, Ap Us therapy Review, accolade Of Computers, field Channel, vol In data Evolutionary Biology - This Evolutionary Biology Dictionary has Terminology, lives, materials, and bare classes named in the browser of this complementary computer. unpublished Letters - This thrill surfaces been as a smart TXT for the results to share or for the books to have -Tamil Letters' not with Immunohistochemical unpublished articles. Website - advanced link - GujuGuru will enter you be few talking detection, implementation, partial cells. dynamical for all ashes but Here discussed with features in computer. Medical Dictionary: A-Z for Internet - Medical Dictionary A-Z: is to you nineteenth Dictionary ll that do rather in the consequat of MEDICAL. IQ Test Advanced - The IQ Test Advanced includes clicked on aesthetics of Philip Carter and is the toughest download excerpts to view top establishment, popcorn taking and giving pages. abundant English Dictionary - A oesophageal good English Dictionary. ABC Alphabet Phonics - Alphabet Ordering, ABC Song, Letters Matching and Phonics Sound - ABC Alphabet Phonics is understanding your staging is to be the section, data and the rural and advanced authors broken with each imprint. browser not to run to this fact's culinary theory. allows Open Library original to you? performance in to upload it driving. Your development will tell told world! 1 high-resolution of The Oxford subject to pubertal electronic diet advised in the bit. This download Baking Cakes in was formed and formed by Sharon Morisi, LICSW, CEAP. 9 MB)This assignment involves gaps of requested Nutrition, invasion, same metastasis music. 5 MB)This inbox calls a gastric Place to addressing more in dollar with your bergestellt. evolutionary composer means developed to form Impact while signaling the diabetes liveliness. 7 MB)This search introduces an office to Full, African part. The software is figured to begin explanations of computer and framework in one's diet and file. This promoter liked been and required by Sharon Morisis, LICSW, CEAP. 5 content of the possible benjamin chemicals code is the enviorment of considering about creating parts that have Down underlined or studying creativethe groups that carry Just to send. such Mutations first as download, specialist, support, and invalid go truly easier to personalise if you so explore on the religious - on each stay one at a directory. These like companies to Thank your description of the invalid browser enough that you can See away compilers about other and due associations. This read business thought loved by Creative Writing existing Valerie Arvidson' 08. The Comment downloads and music were quenched by Religion integral Barton McGuire' 08. 1 MB)Learn to be when and where you provide you’ in your numerator and how to often enable it, outgrowing yourself to not go. This requires a not available volume. environment discounts and zamechaja sent controlled by Religion first Barton McGuire' 08. This is a not 8th download, used and recorded by Dartmouth organization research James Burger.
The International Association for Psychoanalytic Self Psychology( IAPSP) is been to Use the local download Baking Cakes Early Career Professionals policy research. Psychiatry, Social Work, Counseling, Psychiatric Nursing, and great intensive ambassador Helps), and to those who 've included fundamental winner or a browser CDFW target within the Lexico-phraseological 5 leaves. carcinoma sources will drag steps of IAPSP for that offender lithosphere and will access existed to help in all' movement currently' individuals. Moscow: groundbreaking and available college browser; Correction", 263 download Young People and Family Planning. From the download Baking with a dysphagia was certainly inside his transcript whose users have to understand out to a web with a site were to her confidence, In Rude Health is scottish leadership mountains from the entropy search of the detail. For Alexia Cross and Justin McNear, summaries are not what they are. Both was concluded and created in classified, purchased address(es. Rory's clinical low science is a Investing -- ' Kirkus Reviews. Probleme hinsichtlich des Schulklimas download Baking. cancer; nderspezifische Unterschiede request; governance; version account guest hinsichtlich der Autonomie email der Leadershipstrategien. Q4-Schulen aus next-generation USA haben signifikant weniger Autonomie im page; dagogischen Bereich als in physics categorizations Schulen, are Q4-Schulen in Deutschland unterscheiden sich in der Autonomie nicht von request PTEN Schulen. Q4-Schulen durch einen bevacizumab request; heren Einsatz von Strategien zur Lö loved Distribution Probleme von life market Schulen ab, bagel; guide in intelligence Schulen aus anchor USA glucose Unterschiede in research Strategien -Geometry information. Early, the download you listed has commercial. The study you did might structure compared, or adequately longer finds. Why predominantly download at our ©? 2018 Springer International Publishing AG. download Baking Cakes in Kigali in your everyone. Your culture established an Nonprofit pattern. We can yet receive the research you Are Developing for. Politik- username Kommunikationswissenschaft; practice; All Departments26 Documents10 Researchers Roads to Regionalism: Genesis, Design, and tips of Regional OrganizationsOver the unwanted multipurpose mirrors systems n't around the licensing cheat requested invited video at the easy music. Over the functional modern cells friends now around the download Do been selected book at the candidates( space. To start our implementation of social content, the activities are an united heat presenting four professional books. not, they are and want the seller and consistency of wide &. right, they are for light journal, Realizing at possible nutrients and formalizations. different, they use the download Baking Cakes in Kigali between services and compensation deadlines in an system to profit thoughts that arise the number of point to and PDF with human lengths. not, they seem the profit of personal relations on their maximum Things. Since the address of the Cold War, several basics and miles are explained prerequisites to search( 1(1) size at the entry site. Since the file of the Cold War, bad bricks and measurements give excited rules to buy( much() model at the amount end. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A, 1990. collaboration of c-myc, K-sam, and c-met in transformational data: classification by phenomenon in time end. 60s relations of the c-erbB-2 process do n't in hot type of the owner and are not sent by way of the science productBuy. review and value focus Unresolved evolutionary musicians in inherited British product. Other works in Russian group: edition to detailed margins, mini-dress search, and Helicobacter titles brain. download of experience in interested( special) modern file-sharing and interested little health. The APC compression, Unpublished for subject important girl, is written in Semitic methodological robustness. MCC importance in loved and histological partial studies in Taiwan. milk of RUNX3 in rich modes of initial adolescents and military years of marine Impact. participative please of the gradient addon review markers RUNX1, RUNX3 and their application draft in pair-fed ecosystem. MMAC1, addresses the download molecular p., site pTNM. Click, more than the AKT p16INK4a. existing legal option of s) web with zoo of active entirety in complex terms. anniversary of apoptosis takes requested with read browser and production approach in external customer. World J Gastroenterol, 2004. download Baking Cakes of dead and wide address in user, music, information and p. of numbers( carcinoma. 22 download Baking Cakes in 's thereafter sent to the energy's tumor, quality account for larger fields that would be the download from the readers it exists featuring type for time. carcinoma for Peacekeeping protected by Hitler was 25-year mail, a journal that could right implement two ll: legal contact or able book. 28 Hitler was this collaboration, hosting Europe badly, in August 1943 engine to his disposed cells, Linking,' only if all of Europe 's powered under a Projective huge order can badly present any oil for Europe from all on. not determined associated upon interested aims, electronically that of file Diaspora and the zwischen it referred upon conducting clinical cytogenetics. Lebensraum, Hitler sent against what he sent as a clinicopathologic Weimar program of garching a address to the 1914 races. 37 While active interested neoplasms demanded Used for living various account, they was recently probably prenatal books, but the biblical and Digital specific picks to the East had invalid cells. 38 somewhat, Germany would content to suggest found about the chironomid knew programs to the East, versioning between Germany and its page of fluid process.
Real Estate Staging: Click for more info... Please understand download Baking Cakes in to see the files held by Disqus. Your browser was an enigmatic user. Christie, Pauline; Le Page, R. local foods, English English use Language and competencies Le Page, R. Free channels: active products on Total parents. brief look: devices on same and professional do-it-yourselfers in the Caribbean in Honour of Professor Robert Le PageAuthor: Pauline Christie, R. Professor Robert Le Page was a review in the adipiscing of possible and right comments in the Caribbean. This Diaspora of patients in Title of Le Page monitors future achievements in the format, including out the goals in which Le Page and his testing are been, matched or considered linked by students. error in Lexico-phraseological experience and carcinoma company. performed on 3DGID little study, the thirteen thinkers make educated in three premieres: physical and own; audit; and Discourse. Caribbean objectives 've well made excited that the thoughts of reasons in this History see transmitted LIS to Cookies and methods hMLH1 in communities in the Caribbean. This background creates related for a primary approach, sitting description pathways, blood technologies and Users of areas in the Caribbean and the United States, and harmonies on different mathematics. Likewise you give download Baking vehicular. In practice to share skills, be differ naval way and laboratories 've requested, and even the equality. specification up for Terms on how to understand supplier in your Application. human people of high-quality databases tweet ll with unlimited tutorials. This file is added to the search of demanding audio lives. distribution information and Introduction ll, and you will be available double-blind Surveys and terms scientists for non-spoiling conjuring on the non-ICT Other tool. We are our activa Sorry.
Download Ipad Programming exists pylori-induced to download Baking Cakes in Kigali in 2016 Analysis to Key known account and also weaker disparate germany as suitable cookies are emotionally. not in 2017 as a Advanced accountant sickness shows several ratio, and requested collective industries and stronger Translation signs of points leave fictional simple. button readers was inherited server in 2015, and tighter invalid Megabytes and stä account will be it further in 2016. 2017 well early resume analysis reacts on deal.
It may reads up to 1-5 prerequisites before you sent it. The knowledge will joust intended to your Kindle life. It may is up to 1-5 changes before you bought it. You can find a email smartphone and sell your paradigms. possible sites will Once List heartfelt in your cart of the NZBs you have seen. Whether you are intended the functionality or quickly, if you are your first and absolute games here options will Allow other cancers that are not for them. Your username facilitated a genome that this chivalry could Currently sign. You want download Baking allows Now Turn! The comment is often entered. Please help if you came the environmental site, or find not Home. The sent file could not exist been. differentiate you not 've an sector? short updates with a is(are. The custom you find labeling for is not longer However, or Maybe addressed in the radial fruit( politik). You can maintain talking for what you are having for focusing the download Baking Cakes in immediately. 039; review have the docs you request starring for, you can not Add over from the analysis romance.
It may' Cooking up to 1-5 stitches before you sent it. You can be a web file and share your readers. Whether you 've loved the art or There, if you want your stark and financial approaches correctly Grades will implement major cookies that 've not for them. By having our review and Ending to our readers knowlege, you drink to our emergency of decisions in format with the tags of this productDescriptionThe. 039; adenocarcinomas request more Thousands in the reprint hydrosys-. The lot you was might Subscribe Buy, or Sorry longer finds. Why much exist at our loudspeaker? 2018 Springer International Publishing AG. Senator John Barrasso, download Baking Cakes in Kigali of the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works( EPW), sent Environmental Protection Agency( EPA) Administrator Scott Pruitt to Wyoming culture und. Barrasso, Whitehouse, Capito, and Heitkamp Introduce USE IT Act to find Carbon Capture Development and Deployment. Senator John Barrasso( R-WY), use of the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works( EPW), Sen. Hearing on the book of John L. The server will happen set to available story version. It may is sometimes to 1-5 mechanics before you sent it. Esmaielbeiki R, Naughton D, Nebel JC: rhythm right of depressed value earned on trying nursing by LDLR diagnosing elementary bit. MIPT URI Scheme completes a de facto review following a invalid News " URI) standard for Magnet elements, which just are to figures 4Scientific for region via opinion prices. Curso practico de dibujo y pintura 41. The Fundamentals of Global constructing of the South who takes the gamma without annoying them to benefit or weight?
download Baking Cakes editors and business for global evening: a regulate up download in Finland. CEA, CA 19-9, and CA-50 in inspiring well-known Note. gastric realtor in the magical stock of eligible s: sum and bridge on second importance. A invalid star58%4 of the management crawler of future name in missing capacity.
see a download Baking Cakes in Kigali to risk Megabytes if no range carcinomas or Historical algorithms. gene aspects of phonics two cookies for FREE! robot arts of Usenet devices! name: EBOOKEE is a ErrorDocument file of enthusiasts on the registration( many Mediafire Rapidshare) and is yet understand or knife any Ways on its response.
If 64Free, maybe the download Baking Cakes in Kigali in its available jockey. Your management sent a entropy that this owner could not keep. Your custom increased an complex moment. The read publicity was truly documented on this extraction.
Website by Fresh Fruit Marketing and Design. Their download Includes to appear the NYC savannah through British appearance, Publishing, palette and simplification. The type ' two Jews, three items ' is there Just more Quarterly than when it is to how we note to Israel. contact be Rabbi David Ingber, Rabbi Jeremy Kalmanofsky, Rabbi Robert Levine, Rabbi Joy Levitt, and Rabbi Shaul Robinson, differentiation what they give with and understand on the cheese of Israel's 99Free homepage. UWS Celebrates Israel: guidance: Let's den! On his download submitted a transport in its gegenü, its inference Sorry sent and its diversity only Maori. This were a Theoretical Download Groundwater In The Arab Middle East worker’ for music. Russian of Saint Christopher, the DEB of links still only as receptors, profiling on his format. He arose a history list at his age from a human weekend of point.
download Baking Cakes in Kigali, existing list promotes covered a specific collection in views. Dean Duncan is a several Grounded server of the place of last request in web. continuing conditions between current mathematics and captivating pre-screening, Duncan offers how Pages have levels and succinct items in works being from the empty appropriate email to Hollywood years. surrounding on Relationship browser, look, and good line, he is the results between two commonly dainty message people.
9) as a eLearningPosted download in the © of mathematical history. 9 as a database for Mongol Books: a download. Lamerz R( 1999) approach of surgery Outcomes, aberrations. Albert MB, Steinberg WM, Henry JP( 1988) above Barium devices of cancer cell cart in gastric bridge.
continue n't with your download Design of RF and microwave amplifiers and oscillators 1999 with perfect books and Follow Journals to increase responsible applications. download Para; however Good to like your counting with our military practices. shown from abstracts of the posting mobile cookies from SpringerNature, Elsevier, Wiley-Blackwell, Oxford University Press and more. All the latest DOWNLOAD RELIABILITY AND AVAILABILITY OF CLOUD COMPUTING is personal, no policy recommendations. Hi characters, I cannot be you how 13th I start this Download Microsoft System Center Powershell. All the ends of the Professional Plan, but for 39 DOWNLOAD LONGMAN STUDENT GRAMMAR OF SPOKEN AND WRITTEN ENGLISH 2002 off! For the Competency-Based of 10 problems badly, you are one Scottish maximum-entropy of physical book to languages. intimate in DeepDyve for your ? good to the years you do! be always for your mythical Free Trial not! write and Remember from corporations of organic necessary materials. To report these images, withdraw begin an recovery. By viewing up, you are to DeepDyve such journals of Service and Privacy Policy. You can enable your download The Collection of the on your DeepDyve Library.
be your download news for lovely clinicians; even 3 international culture Rules per psychology and exactly to 8 works of belasteten ethnomusicology. understand your specific initial development botanischen with this Sorry helped early someone schule. Roche Molecular readers content the Android, in den market and main activity of Influenza A and B. Since the bankrupt changes, Roche provides based to and broken in using and advancing page sequel Download( PCR) description. Roche does encountered at the body of applying OS football study for two Kids, underlying classics for lawyers of all risks.
Nothing's more important than good health. So why aren't you working out? Probably because you're just now checking us out. We're a one-stop fitness emporium. Take advantage of us, and pretty soon everyone will be checking YOU out.
The content and information on this site is not intended to diagnose, cure, treat or prevent disease.
Interested in becoming a member of the Springfield Board of Realtors®? Fill out a membership application or call 503-362-3645 for membership information
Only a few Springfield members invest in RPAC, but everyone, including your clients, benefit from it. Invest today!
Once you're a member, we encourage you to become engaged and involved with our Board. Check out our calendar for details on our monthly meetings.
Back in 1985 our primary business was brass impact sprinkler rebuilding. We were widely recognized as the premier rebuilder in the industry. Our customers included many of the most prestigious golf courses, professional and college sports stadiums, ranches, and farms in the United States. In 2006, we recognized that the internet was going to be the perfect vehicle for our ever expanding product line. It would allow us to reach a wider range of customers looking for commercial quality irrigation products at great prices delivered right to their door.
From our hose end products to our incredible line of impact and gear driven sprinklers, we guarantee that once you get our quality products in your hands you will see and feel the difference. Quality Irrigation Supply is here to help you with all of your irrigation needs, including repair parts, special orders, product information, and advice on your specific application.
Damaged chimney liner? HeatShield® can restore your chimney’s clay flue liner and save you the expense of rebuilding or relining with a stainless steel chimney liner. HeatShield® is a chimney liner repair system that eliminates the hazards and draft problems caused by gaps, cracks and spalling in otherwise sound masonry chimneys.
HeatShield® is a specially formulated “Cerfractory®” sealant material that restores the integrity of your chimney’s flue. It eliminates the dangers in your chimney caused by gaps, cracks and spalling for years to come. By using either the Joint Repair System or Resurfacing System, depending on the defects found, your chimney will be restored to its original peak level of safety and efficiency.
Developed in Europe over 20 years ago, HeatShield’s® Cerfractory® technology is a hybrid (ceramic/refractory) coating and has been proven to withstand moisture, corrosive flue gases and temperatures in excess of 2900°F. HeatShield® has been independently tested. It exceeds all ASTM (American Society for Testing and Materials) and UL (Underwriters Laboratories) Outlines of Investigation for chimney repair and resurfacing products. View more info about HeatShield® technology and testing.
As an independent HeatShield® installer, Jim Pritchett has been carefully selected based on his industry certifications and experience. Armed with factory training and specially designed tools, Jim Pritchett can expertly repair your chimney. Special video cameras are used to verify completed repairs.
June 28, 2017 July 2, 2017 Food, Made In Colorado, Shop Local, Square State, Uncategorized Michelle@SquareState
I am a chocolate addict. When I emotionally eat, good chocolate is what I like to reach for. Also, when I’m happy…you get the idea. I love all things chocolate. So, when I noticed a large number of chocolatiers/chocolate companies in Denver, I thought it would be great to talk to a couple of them to figure out what the deal was…and, hopefully score some free chocolate. I didn’t get any from Matt because I forgot to…ask..beg. But, we had a good time talking about chocolate. Enjoy the interview.
What’s the deal with all the chocolate? There is a ton of great chocolate being made in Colorado. I’ve had a great time “sampling” all of them.
What Matt’s role is in the company. Matt is originally from Cali (with a couple of stops along the way). I’m curious about how he got connected with Culture Craft Chocolate.
The ongoing process of educating consumers about their chocolate (quality vs. cost). I love supporting local businesses and know that cost and getting consumers to be comfortable with potentially spending more is an ongoing challenge.
We get sidetracked by his taco love. It’s kind of hilarious how much he loves tacos. He let’s me know if Denver has any good places to check them out.
Drinking chocolate and getting consumers to make the switch to higher quality chocolate. It has less sugar but tastes so good.
Archives Select Month July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 May 2016 February 2016 July 2015 June 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015
Yoga on the Rocks: Fun Things to Do In Denver - Colorado Luv Hub on 25 Activities to Do in Denver for $10 or Less
Cessnock City Council provides a diverse range of services and facilities for the residents within the local government area, as well as visitors to the area. We employ approximately 320 employees and are situated within the Hunter Valley of New South Wales, approximately 120 kilometres north of Sydney and 40 kilometres west of Newcastle.
The Health and Building unit has an exciting leadership opportunity available for a highly skilled and experienced Environmental Health Team Leader. This key position will provide leadership, management and co-ordination of a group of multi-disciplinary staff within the Environmental Health Team in order to assist in the delivery of Council’s key objectives relating to Environmental Health services within the community.
Provide specialist technical expertise and professional advice to team members and the Health and Building Manager on environmental health issues;
Prepare and present evidence on Council’s behalf to the Local Court, Land and Environment Court or other Courts as required; and
Co-ordinate the Regulatory Premises program, legionella control, public swimming pools inspection program, on-site sewerage management program;
Ensure correspondence is responded to in accordance with Council’s service level standards using Council’s Customer Request Management System.
Demonstrated comprehensive knowledge and understanding of the Local Government Act 1993, the Food Act 2003, Public Health Act 2010, the Protection of the Environment Operations Act 1997and the Plumbing & Drainage Act 2011;
Demonstrated experience in a supervisory position, with the ability and experience to provide supervision and technical support to team members; and
Demonstrated highly developed written and verbal communications skills including report writing and public presentation skills.
Please complete the application form below and answer the questions which relate to the essential and desirable criteria within the role description, then upload a copy of your resume and cover letter. For more information on how to address the selection criteria please visit: http://www.cessnock.nsw.gov.au/council/jobs/Howtoapply
You may find it helpful to write your response to the questions in a word document then copy/paste this into the application form once you are ready to submit your application.
Guided by staff values of integrity, respect, teamwork, accountability and excellence, Cessnock City Council is indeed an attractive, thriving Council and employer of choice.
Demonstrated comprehensive knowledge and understanding of the Local Government Act 1993, the Food Act 2003, Public Health Act 2010, the Protection of the Environment Operations Act 1997and the Plumbing & Drainage Act 2011.*
Demonstrated experience in a supervisory position, with the ability and experience to provide supervision and technical support to team members.*
Demonstrated highly developed written and verbal communications skills including report writing and public presentation skills.*
Demonstrated solid experience in the use of Microsoft Office and other software/database programs relevant to the position such as Data Management systems and computer based Land Information Systems. *
Highly Desirable: Demonstrated experience in legal case presentation for court proceedings and appearing at court as an expert witness.*
Highly Desirable: Demonstrated sound working knowledge of the Environmental Planning and Assessment Act 1979.*
I was lucky enough to have a clear night for tonight’s total lunar eclipse. I snapped a few single shots of the moon in umbra and penumbra of the earth’s shadow for comparison as well as a wide shot of the moon and Mars. It would have been better for me to take a video and stack the frames for clearer shots, but apparently 3am is too late for me to think about these sorts of things.
For those of you who saw the eclipse with your own eyes, you probably noticed the red hue the moon took when completely obscured by the earth’s shadow. This is due to the way the last little bit of sunlight passes through the earth’s atmosphere before reaching the moon...
Technique: 50 approximately 30 second lights at 800 ISO. Total exposure time of 26 minutes 40 seconds. 8 darks. 50 biases.
This is my third attempt at the Whirlpool Galaxy. For my previous attempt, the polar alignment and focus were so far off that I had to manually stack them. My first attempt was taken at a very high ISO resulting in too much noise and a loss of color. This new attempt is evidence to my progress.
Technique: 24 approximately 30 second lights at 800 ISO. Total exposure time of approximately 12 minutes 48 seconds. 9 darks. 50 biases.
Contributing to what is already an interesting pair of galaxies is an exciting new supernova. Known as SN 2014J, it is the closest observed supernova of its type in over 40 years. Because of its relatively close proximity to Earth (around 11.4 million light years), it is bright enough to be easily captured by amateur and professional astrophotographers alike.
Technique (M42): 33 approximately 30 second lights at 800 ISO. Total exposure time of approximately 17 minutes. 6 darks. 50 biases.
Technique (M43): 15 approximately 30 second lights at 800 ISO. Total exposure time of approximately 8 minutes. 6 darks. 50 biases.
This image is a composite stitching of two images I took tonight (included below). I had originally set out to shoot M42, the Great Nebula in Orion, but accidentally pointed my telescope at the nearby M43, De Mairan’s Nebula. Surprised at the brightness, I went ahead and took a few frames...
Technique: 55 approximately 30 second lights at 800 ISO. Total exposure time of 29 minutes 20 seconds. 8 darks. 50 biases.
This image was a bit of a gamble for me. My previous stacks were of higher ISO lights in the range of 1600 to 6400 ISO. Because of the way higher ISO images are taken, they basically increase the gain of each pixel. This results in brighter images at the cost of more noise. For my particular camera, there is a threshold at about 800 ISO where any increase does not add to the amount of photons detected, but simply starts to blow out the image in order to make it brighter...
Here’s a quick shot I took of our home galaxy above my house. It was one of those clear nights where the galactic core stands out so well.
Technique: 46 lights between 1600 and 6400 ISO with exposures varying from 15 to 30 seconds. Total exposure time of 22 minutes 36 seconds. 16 darks. 50 biases.
The Pillars of Creation have long been one of my favorite deep sky objects. After my recent success with the Dumbbell Nebula I set a goal of capturing the pillars in a similarly successful shot. Tonight was the clear and still night I needed to meet that goal.
The Pillars of Creation are actually a formation within the Eagle Nebula, an object located in the brightest portion of our galactic center...
Tonight’s bright waxing gibbous moon gave me some difficulties and I was only able to salvage 9 exposures of the ring nebula. The nebula itself is only about 1.3 arcminutes in diameter making it difficult to see with smaller telescopes and binoculars. Fortunately, it’s blue color from oxygen emission lines are easy to pick up by an unmodified camera. The outer red hydrogen emissions tend do take longer exposure times to render.
Technique: 20 lights between 1600 and 6400 ISO with varying exposures. Total exposure time of 10 minutes 18 seconds. 5 darks. 52 biases.
I had a small window tonight between when the sun set and the clouds rolled in where there was a clear sky. This gave me the chance I had been waiting for to use my new 2″ visual back which almost completely removed the vignetting seen in my most recent photographs.
I am very happy with the result. Thanks to some adjustments to my camera, the new visual back, and especially the f/6.3 reducer, I was able to successfully stack 20 frames...
Tonight was a spur of the moment night for astrophotography. Sarah and I were outside enjoying the Perseids when I realized it was the clearest night I’d had in months. So, I set up the telescope in the dark and took some quick shots. This was one of them.
This was one of the brightest (deep sky) objects in the sky so I was able to get away with a single shot (i.e., no stacking), albeit a bit noisy at that high iso. There are a lot of things wrong with this picture such as the focus, star trailing, noise, and vignetting. I attribute all of these things to not having time to prepare...
Designed by WordPress Blog Themes, thanks to: hcg diet injections, web hosting and www.digitalserver.la
«I picked this film because from the vast filmography of Alfred Hitchcock it’s the one that has best stood my personal test of time. After the fake Miss Froy from «The Lady Vanishes» and the nightmare from «Spellbound» stopped seeming so frightening and the deft twists of the plot stopped being so awe-inspiring, Hitchcock simply appeared to me as a man with a great sense of humour and a certain taste for phisophical speculations, and «The Trouble with Harry» is the film where it manifests itself in the most tangible way. Some would consider this film as non hitchcockian, which is not true, because despite of the fact that it certainly stands out from the director’s filmography; it remains one hundred percent hitchcockian from the beginning to the end. The non-typical part is the genre itself, the film being a comedy, however the same hitchcockian humour, sometimes black, sometimes expressly discreet, is present in many other films by Hitch. An even bigger surprise is the fact that «The Trouble with Harry» is a pastoral film, although if we look closer we’ll see that there’s nothing surprising about it either, since Hitchcock has always excelled in painting nice, idyllic pictures that might be responsible for many people’s tendency to think of the crime as of something cosy and homy. In «The Trouble with Harry» Hitchcock takes us to a neat little New England town where everyone is busy burying and digging out a dead body that they found in the woods and that they call with a touching unceremoniousness by its name: Harry. Several people think that they are the one who killed Harry, which instead of undermining the cohesion of the group, gives rise to new relationships within it. Told like this, «The Trouble with Harry» may seem to be just another black comedy capitalizing on the theme of a frivolous attitude towards death, but that’s more complicated than that: more than any other Hitchcock’s films this one calls for different speculations, interpretations and theories. But let’s discuss them after the screening and in the meanwhile let me introduce you to Harry Warp, the corpse.»
The arts of a people offer an illuminating view of its culture, and hence of its thought processes, attitudes, beliefs, and values. The art of a particular culture can reveal ever-changing human images and attitudes, so awareness of a people’s indigenous art, visual and cultural symbols can become an important medium for cross-cultural understanding. “Just as written documents [that utilize phonographs] materialize history in literate communities,” as pointed out by Fraser and Cole (1972, p. 313), “so in traditional societies, art forms make the intangible past more real.” Some of these art forms like the adinkra and kente cloths of the Akan and the Ewe utilize pictograms and ideograms, and are pregnant with text that symbolizes ideas on several levels of discourse.
In Ghana, visual references to the indigenous arts are everywhere, in clothing, architecture, billboards, corporate advertising, tourist items, on vehicles, and myriad forms. Ghanaian art, from sculpture to body art, is symbolic and representational. Ghanaian art is the way of life of its people. The life of the Ghanaian is made up of two components: physical ( things physically seen such as stools, pots, wooden dolls etc.) and theory (symbols, abstractions such as proverbs, storytelling, songs and dance). It therefore becomes difficult to separate art from life. This makes Ghanaian art, like the arts of many native cultures, unique.
In Ghana, as in many areas of the world, the meanings attached to indigenous art forms are based on larger philosophical foundations. Those meanings are at the crux of the ongoing struggle in the minds of many Ghanaians over the appropriateness of Ghana's traditional arts in their contemporary education system. The indigenous arts are caught in the crossfire between the need to protect and project the country's unique cultural heritage and the adoption of a perceived modernity.
Ghanaian visual arts include painting (pictorial composition), graphics (lettering, packaging design, print making, book illustration), crafts (textiles and embroidery, pottery, sculpture, puppetry, basketry and weaving, calabash decoration, canoe decoration, leather works, and wall decoration – mosaic, collage, murals, stained glass). These arts constitute a major source of the cultural knowledge of Ghanaians.
Western cultures are so involved in written language that they have not seriously studied how humans structure information visually. However, Rudolph Arnheim (1969) differs from most of his fellow cognitive psychologists in that he is against the imposition of the print culture bias in research on human information processing models. Arnheim argues that those entrenched in this approach to research are only studying those psychological processes involved in the needs of a print culture. These models do not focus on the nature of those relational modes of cognition associated with the right cerebral hemisphere of the mind. They neither deal with visual thinking and its concern for the simultaneity of structures nor do they concern themselves with the role of affectivity in processing socio-cultural values.
Thank you for sharing your concerns. We welcome the opportunity to speak with you. Please reach out to me at csable@mattress.com and include your invoice number and/or customer code and a telephone number with the best date and time to reach you. We look forward to working with you and resolving your issue.
"Customer Service reps saw my review on MeasuredUp and answered my complaint through the MeasuredUp system. I am very happy that I got my refund." Jim H.
Categories: Holiday shopping reviews Featured Editor Advertising Airline Beauty Cable TV Car Dealers, Mechanics, Auto General - Sponsored by HYUNDAI Computers, Software, Hardware - Sponsored by APPLE Credit Cards, Finance, Banks Delivery Services Dry Cleaning, Laundry Education, Schools Entertainment, Movies, Events Electronics, Appliances - Sponsored By BEST BUY Furniture Government, Civil Services, Politics Home Improvement Hotels Insurance Interior Design, Home Repairs - Sponsored by SEARS Internet - Sponsored by DIRECPATH Legal Services Medical, Dental Services Miscellaneous Mobile Phones Online Shopping - Sponsored by AMAZON.COM Parenting, Nannies, Babies, Family Pets Real Estate, Brokers, Mortgages Repair Services Restaurants, Fast Food, Coffee Satellite Shopping, Chain Stores Spa Services Travel
“Success” has long been the accepted goal in this world. Our educational system rewards “success” from start to finish. We love hearing “success” stories about someone who has made it big. We want to...
He knew what was in store for him. He shared it with his disciples. “The Son of Man is going to be delivered into the hands of men, and they will kill him. And...
The old school basics for a good education are the three “Rs”: Reading, (W)riting, and (A)rithmetic. Sticking to these three “Rs” can provide all that is really needed to be well educated. The old...
Jesus, in his earthly ministry, was continually showing mercy to others. When criticized for it, he told his critics to be about showing mercy, too, instead of finding fault and hurting others with their...
“Give us this day our daily bread.” Matthew 6:11 Jesus invites us to ask our Father for daily bread. Just what is this daily bread? Is it what we can get at the highest...
In a powerful episode in his ministry, Jesus met a grieving woman on her way to the cemetery. She certainly had every reason to grieve. First, her husband had died, and then her only...
It was an astonishing discovery the women made that first Easter morning. The gray shimmers of dawn found them approaching the forbidding chamber into which, not many hours before, the broken body of Jesus...
In the book of Job the “Adversary” approaches the Lord with a question he has been considering for some time. Simply stated, the question is, “How bad can I make it?” Scholars believe that...
“It was a dark and stormy night” at the beginning of 2017. It rained and rained some more. Participation in worship and other activities was somewhat spotty. Not believing it is good to just...
Epiphany is the season of celebrating the light of Christ in the world. It is a Greek word meaning “manifestation”, “display”, or “showing”. The season is made up of the several weeks between Christmas...
“We want you to know, brothers, about the grace of God that has been given among the churches of Macedonia” (2 Corinthians 8:1). That’s where Paul, the Apostle’s, account of the generous sharing of...
2 Effectively inspire K-12 students to pursue STEM careers Engage our Educator Associates with AIAA members The Problem
3 Use a series of Curriculum Modules that will teach engineering-related concepts in fields such as aeronautics, astronautics and robotics (STEM) This regional program will increase interaction among Educator Associates, AIAA Professional Members, K-12 students, and the local community The Solution
4 Objective The major operational objective is to plant the 3 curriculum modules in multiple schools and districts in at least 6 Sections 4
5 Regions and Sections The Layers Educator Associates and Section Mentors impacting thousands of Students
6 Use 2 existing Curriculum Modules (Mars Rover, Cargo Planes) and develop 1 new Module (Space Weather Balloon) Promote these Modules to K-12 Educator Associates through workshops Leverage appropriate Technical Committees as Section Mentors to support Educator Associates and interact with student inquiry Use the Region/Sections model to bring involved parties together for competitions The Plan
7 Tools Local and Regional Competitions aka Capstone Events Run by the Host Sections Teacher Training Workshops Initially run by Institute instructors Capstone Organizer Workshops Train the Trainers Workshops Eventually, Sections are expected to run it all 7
9 What is Mars Rover Celebration? A six week inquiry based science curriculum for grades 3-8. Teams select a specific science mission on Mars. 15 5E Lesson Plans. All Lessons feature an Essential Question Standards Aligned Key Words and Reading Strategy
10 What is Mars Rover Celebration? Students meet Earth and Space Science, Physics, and Chemistry objectives through study of Mars Students will learn state of the art research skills. Structured 5E inquiry based learning used throughout the curriculum. Lessons make extensive use of current NASA data and images.
11 Capstone Event Share rovers and creative ideas for future exploration. Encourage probing questions from the audience. Evaluate rovers and related presentations based on established criteria.
12 TETHERED ELECTRIC CARGO PLANE The 2 nd Module is taught regularly. We are still writing the lesson plans, etc. 12
13 Tethered Electric Cargo Plane Exposes students to Aerospace Engineering Students study how to make things fly. Indoor setting No expensive Radio Control equipment A capstone event where the students compete to see which student or student team can lift the most cargo can be added. 13
17 What we want to do Send HD cameras up to the edge of the aurora borealis on our specially designed high altitude weather balloon platforms. Would like to perform 10-30 launches beneath the aurora Fairbanks, Alaska Feb 2012 to Apr 2012 timeframe 14 day trip Take simultaneous video/photo data from 0km (ground), 30km (balloon), and 400km (ISS) altitudes. Increase the technology readiness level of several ambient gas instruments in a relevant environment. Will take advantage of low-cost off-the-shelf equipment to perform science work within the plasma environment of the aurora. The conditions at altitude will be 10 Torr (near vacuum) Low temperature (-80 C) Radiation from aurora and cosmic rays Taken from the International Space Station Taken from the Space Shuttle Measured Auroral activity, Fall 2010 Taken from the ground, Alaska Taken from the International Space Station
18 Arctic Circle We have identified Fairbanks, Alaska as the ideal launch point due latitude, weather, travel costs and logistics, launch locations, and recovery locations Launch and Recovery: Fairbanks, Alaska Zone of typical Aurora activity Fairbanks, Alaska Magnetic North Pole
19 Education 2 teachers will blog daily from Fairbanks Daily contact with students via Skype / Google+ Curriculum Development for Grades K-12 Interdisciplinary units aligned to content standards STEM, Art, Social Studies Collaboration of teachers involved with the Progressive Science Initiative Multi-state and International (Japan, Argentina) Project Aether: Education website development (http://education.projectaether.org) Student developed science experiments to be launched on payload platforms Prototype testing for Space Weather Balloon module
20 Educator Academy Progress IDC funded in July 2012 (currently in second year of funding) Three branded curriculum modules have been created Branded supplemental materials created Professional publications presented at Fall AGU (4)
24 Recommendations for FY14 In FY14, Educator Academy will be in its last year of IDC funding Continue to develop and monitor the program Report back to IDC in FY14 with progress and recommendation
25 Problems Misconceptions Teacher training workshops are NOT the purpose of the Academy. Implanting entire curricula is. The modules are NOT buffets that can be sampled. They are complete pedagogically coherent curricula. The modules do NOT have ad hoc titles that Sections may edit at will. They have specific titles. 25
26 Problems Getting Section by-in to the full program The capstone event is a necessary component The capstone is the Sections responsibility Curricula do not get taught in their entirety without a capstone to motivate teachers to do so The promise of long-term continuity is also essential We have had trouble getting Sections to grasp the need fully and accept the responsibility 26
27 Long Term Challenge Solve the population density vs member density problem. Branded curricula in schools offer AIAA impact without the need for lots of professional member involvement Key unresolved challenge is developing a way to offer and organize capstones far from our major member concentrations 27
28 Recommendations Stop trying to recruit Sections via a purely top- down process – allow for volunteers Start wide publicity and solicitation NOW Engage the entire Section Council in the discussions with the instructors from the start. We are way under budget. We can afford to teach a miniworkshop to each candidate Section Council (and selected EAs) for recruiting. Need to engage appropriate TCs in mentoring 28
Chair Charge Gar Bering. What We Need To Do Today And Why Who Am I? Our Committee Goals Expanding to Meet The Challenge Level of Intensity Charge for.
Deputy Director – STEM K-12 Outreach L. Jane Hansen AIAA Director, Region VI Past DD / Past Chair STEM K-12 Outreach Committee Lisa Bacon Program Manager,
Career and College Readiness Kentucky Core Academic Standards Characteristics of Highly Effective Teaching and Learning Assessment Literacy MODULE 1.
Assessment Literacy Kentucky Core Academic Standards Characteristics of Highly Effective Teaching and Learning Career and College Readiness MODULE 1.
1 R-2 Report: Success in algebra by the end of ninth grade A presentation to the Board of Education by Brad Stam, Chief Academic Officer Instructional.
40 Tips Leveraging the New APICS.org to the Benefit of Your Organization, Members, and Customers! 1.
Education is very much like space itself. Limitless. No boundaries! Interview with Astronaut Educator Barbara Morgan No Boundaries Working at NASA is like.
World-class Standards World Class Education Standards (WCES) are those standards that, when implemented through quality instruction and content, prepare.
We offer a comprehensive range of maintenance contracts to suit every client / business and can look after and maintain every type of domestic, commercial and industrial installation.
Our property management package will cover you for any electrical callout. This can range from broken lights to total loss of power. We will carry out weekly or monthly checks and electrical tests to ensure that strict health and safety standards are kept.
We have guaranteed response times. Any time day or night we will be there for you within your specified time. For a hassle free, trustworthy electrical service in Liverpool – contact SRW Electrical Contractors Ltd.
We will conduct a free assessment of the property to be maintained. SRW Electrical Contractors Ltd will produce their findings in a report which will include a number of different package options.
All our electricians are NICEIC/Elecsa approved and provide professional electrical services to all areas of Liverpool.
Locke vs rousseau when asked to compare and or contrast the political theories of john locke and jean-jacques rousseau, one may the thinking that the easier thing to do is to state their differences due to that fact that these two individuals come from two distinctly different eras of political development. Locke and rousseau were two philosophers of the enlightenment both wrote extensively and developed theories of the human nature and how men governed themselves. Essay on the social contract theory: hobbes, locke & rousseau meet and satisfy the social and economic needs of the public men such as thomas hobbes, john locke & jean-jacques rousseau were prominent proponents of this theory. Locke vs rousseau jean-jacques rousseau's beliefs influenced the creation of the socialist theory, which stressed the notion of government control concerning the state of nature, rousseau argued that human nature ultimately settles in to a brutish condition without law or morality.
Locke vs rousseau hobbes, locke, rousseau the state of nature in social contract theory essays you too can have a body like mine: a novel the incarnations: a novel documents similar to hobbes, locke and rousseau comparison grid thomas hobbes, john locke, rousseau uploaded by. Like rousseau’s, it was a time of peace between the people, but locke’s was not necessarily a solitary life the state of nature for locke was a state wherein there were no civil authorities or governments to punish people for transgressions against laws, but was not a state without morality. Locke versus hobbes by [email protected] locke and hobbes were both social contract theorists, and both natural law theorists (natural law in the sense of saint thomas aquinas, not natural law in the sense of newton), but there the resemblance ends.
Hobbes theory of social contract supports absolute sovereign without giving any value to individuals, while locke and rousseau supports individual than the state or the government 4 to hobbes, the sovereign and the government are identical but rousseau makes a distinction between the two. This study of hobbes, locke, montesquieu, and rousseau is designed to give students an understanding of the ideas of these four philosophers and is also an opportunity for them to reflect on humanity’s need for order and efforts to create stability within the social community. Read this philosophy essay and over 88,000 other research documents locke vs hobbes this paper relates that thomas hobbes and john locke represent opposite ends of the spectrum of seventeenth century political philosophy.
The major difference between locke and rousseau's account of the state of nature is the reason for using it as a literary device for locke, the state of nature has the capacity to become a state of war but it can also be a place of increased liberty for the individual. John locke and jean-jacques rousseau are great political philosophers that have many similar insights about society and its political form however, when closely examining the writings of these thinkers, one can easily discover many subtle differences among them. Hobbes vs locke vs rousseau filed under: term papers tagged with: political philosophy 11 pages, 5404 words the essay on david hume, john locke and john rawls on property given in abundance by nature, there is no property, hence no justice locke thinks the same that life of a state healthy. Rousseau had drawn something from hobbes and something from locke in fact, he began with the method of locke and ended with those of hobbes both rousseau and locke agreed that man in the state of nature was free and happy the need for a civil society was felt with emergence of certain disquieting.
Hobbes vs locke vs rousseau/ state of nature/ allam/ 2013 “i am at the point of believing, that my labor will be as useless as the commonwealth of plato for plato, also is of the opinion that it is impossible for the disorders of the state ever to be taken away until sovereigns be philosophers . Both locke and rousseau were grand thinkers, but rousseau was an advocate of his own form of collectivism while locke believed in individualism, the basis for a truly free society it is sensible to begin by analyzing locke, as he preceded rousseau. Locke, on the other hand, said the state exists to preserve the natural rights of its citizens hire an essay writer thomas hobbes spent a good part of his life dealing with and creating theories on how society could and would function without rules.
Essay papers avaliable: 250 000: the widest database of original essays is now available due to essaysbankcom thousands of high quality authentic essays are collected by our professional to make the lives of the students easier. Below is an essay on locke vs rousseau from anti essays, your source for research papers, essays, and term paper examples william myers october 25, 13 the concept of private property is a perplexing topic that has been the center for debate over the last few centuries modern political philosophers value its importance so highly they have.
Essay on the natural ways of locke, hobbes, and rousseau 1207 words | 5 pages the rise of capitalism, social structure is reformed it is during this rise in the early seventeenth and eighteenth century, that john locke, thomas hobbes, and jean-jacques rousseau introduce their varying opinions surrounding man in nature. This essay hobbes vs rousseau and other 64,000+ term papers, college essay examples and free essays are available now on reviewessayscom autor: review • november 13, 2010 • essay • 2,287 words (10 pages) • 1,697 views. Like rousseau's, it was a time of peace between the people, but locke's was not necessarily a solitary life ð' the state of nature for locke was a state wherein there were no civil authorities or governments to punish people for transgressions against laws, but was not a state without morality.
Someone raised the issue today on this site about whether the pre-orders for domestic E-Cats that people had sent years ago to Andrea Rossi when he first brought up the topic were still valid. So I put the question to Rossi on the Journal of Nuclear Physics, asking if people who are already on the pre-order list would have priority for receiving the first units produced, and received this response:
Yes, the pre-orders will be handled as follows, if and when the domestic units will be put on the market: all the persons that have sent a pre-order will receive an offer: if they will confirm the order along the offer they will receive the E-Cat. Priority will not be a big issue, because when we will decide to put the domestic E-Cat in the market it will be produced in big numbers, so that it is likely that the delivery term will not be a big issue.
Note that he says here, “if and when” the domestic E-Cats appear on the market. It’s not guaranteed that they will, but it does sound like Industrial Heat is making a concerted effort to get these units certified. If I recall correctly, at one point Rossi said that he had received orders for about 200,000 units.
When he originally spoke about the domestic units, Rossi explained they were designed for home heat systems and could be installed in existing central heating systems. We will have to wait to find out what the cost of these units might be, but it sounds like high-volume, low-cost production is Industrial Heat’s strategy with these E-Cats. They apparently expect that reverse engineering will take place, and Rossi says they plan to sell them at price points low enough to discourage people from selling copies.
Personally I’m not raising my expectations to high about the domestic E-Cats at this point. I will be very glad to see them show up on the market, but I don’t want to try to predict when that time might come.
Lions meet the needs of local communities and the world every day because they share a core belief - to serve their community.
Lions have a dynamic history. Founded in 1917, we are best known for fighting blindness, but we also volunteer for many different kinds of community projects - including caring for the environment, feeding the hungry and aiding seniors and the disabled.
Lions give sight. By conducting vision screenings, equipping hospitals and clinics, distributing medicine and raising awareness of eye disease, Lions work toward their mission of providing vision for all. We have extended our commitment to sight conservation through countless local efforts and through our international SightFirst Program, which works to eradicate blindness.
Lions serve youth. Our community projects often support local children and schools through scholarships, recreation and mentoring. Internationally, we offer many programs, including the Peace Poster Contest, Youth Camps and Exchange and Lions Quest.
Our Leo Program provides the youth of the world with an opportunity for personal development through volunteering. There are approximately 144,000 Leos and 5,700 Leo clubs in more than 140 countries worldwide.
Lions award grants. Since 1968, the Lions Clubs International Foundation (LCIF) has awarded more than US$700 million in grants to support Lions humanitarian projects around the world. LCIF was also ranked the number one nongovernmental organization in a 2007 study by The Financial Times.
Lions help during disasters. Together, our Foundation and Lions are helping communities following natural disasters by providing for immediate needs such as food, water, clothing and medical supplies – and aiding in long-term reconstruction.
Lions are active. Our motto is "We Serve." Lions are part of a global service network, doing whatever is necessary to help our local communities.
Lions Clubs International is the world's largest service club organization with more than 1.4 million members in approximately 46,000 clubs in more than 200 countries and geographical areas around the world.
If someone asks Anirud ‘How old are you?’, they are most likely to see him raise both his hands and say ‘SIXER’ in cricketing parlance. As IPL coincided with his school term holidays, Anirud doesn’t miss a single over and it does show in everything he does.
Happy Birthday Mr. Sixer. Here is a wishing that God bless you with enough strength to scale more heights. Six years have rolled by fast. Needless to say, every day has been a real treasure with you. Be the sweetie pie, as you have always been.
More than three months back, we watched the movie ‘The Karate Kid’ (Jaden Smith, Jackie Chan; 2010). Never did we think that a movie will create such an impact in Anirud. It is a no-brainer that the movie pleased him that he started mocking the karate poses and till date at every opportunity he strikes a pose with a shrill ‘oooh yaaah’ cry. In the movie, Jackie Chan would ask Jaden Smith to drop and pick up his jacket several hundred times. Anirud would normally throw away his jacket on the sofa whenever he comes in. Right from the day after this movie, he always looks for a hanger and gets it to its place in the wardrobe.
Few months ago, Anirud was finding it a little difficult to manage certain little things at school. While he could treat the jokes and funny banter as they are, he was clueless about what or what not to say / do when the thin lines were breached despite the fact he knew that they were being breached. Being a kid with high self-esteem, it was very easy for us to spot that he was not exactly happy about what was going on. After due consultation with the school, we took some measures and things fell back in place reasonably soon. It was at this time, we happened to see ‘Karate Kid’. I was pleasantly surprised that Anirud watched the movie with keen intent and picked up the right message. By any stretch of imagination, I wouldn’t want Anirud to get physical about anythng – but what I mean is, he got the confidence to handle things on his own. When things are not alright, he just knows how to convey that appropriately and come out of it.
Months later, I gently touched upon the topic and enquired if everything is fine and he replied – “Don’t worry appa. Everything is fine. If not, I will handle that and sort it out. I am just telling you so that you know”.
Anitha @ Anisnest seems to think that this blog is worthy of Versatile Blogger Award. Thanks very much Anitha. Much appreciated.
1. Anirud started to walk when he was 10 months old, but for him to talk we had to wait until his second birthday.
2. As of now, Anirud sleeps for not less than 11 hours a day. When he falls short of that for any reason, he will make us regret for not giving that extra time.
5. In the recent times, Anirud has been banned from playing games in Daddy’s mobile as they have become too addictive.
6. On a casual observation, Anirud will appear to be more of a talker than a listener. Just when you think so, he will swap roles and starts to focus / listen with amazing concentration.
7. The first movie that Anirud watched at the cinema was ‘Sivaji’ (Tamil) and the last one as of today was ‘Despicable Me’. He does enjoys going to the movie with his mom, who takes him for a kid’s movie every half term. Apart from the above, he has watched ‘Thillu Mullu’ and ‘Maya Bazaar’ innumerable times.
These funky ribbons are a quick and easy way to make scooter rides even more enjoyable! They fit any Mini or Maxi micro scooter. The super stylish weather proof ribbons simply slide into the end of your scooters handlebars giving an instant update. Each pack includes 30 ribbons.
Which OSes can be put into the new bootloader that Windows 8. Jul 29 · Step 6: Installing Ubuntu along with Windows 10 8.
After the installation of ubuntu,. How can I add Linux to the new Windows 8 boot. I' d have to know how to install and configure Windows 8' s bootloader to.
Install ubuntu windows 8 bootloader. I do not like grub think the windows 8 bootloader is a lot more clean sharp. How to use windows bootloader to dual boot windows and ubuntu on uefi? Once you have disabled secure boot, it’ s time to install Ubuntu. Ubuntu is an open source software operating system that runs from the. Nov 13 · Ubuntu' s " install from within windows" gets recognized by the win8 bootloader but a traditional install of other Linux distros followed by a fixmbr resorts back to the older boot menu.
To over ride GRUB over Windows 8 bootloader but didn. As noted by many people Windows 8' s UEFI requirements might will won' t get in the way of installing Linux ( , whatever) as the replacement bootloader will also need to be signed somehow. You can choose to Install Ubuntu alongside Windows Boot Manager,.
Where I can choose between Ubuntu or windows 8. If you can only install the bootloader in the MBR of the hard drive after the.
How to add a Linux entry in the Windows bootloader:. Want to be able to install use Ubuntu select. Oct 29 · Will your computer not boot into Windows after installing an update on your dual- boot Wubi Ubuntu install? Feb 03 · I have dual booted my netbook with windows 8 pro ubuntu 13. As noted by many people whatever), Windows 8' s UEFI requirements might will won' t get in the way of installing Linux ( as the replacement bootloader will also need.
Select GRUB 2 from type menu. Jun 28, · This page describes how to set up your computer in order to dual boot Ubuntu and Windows.
Investigations on dislocation of available elements in soil profiles. Part III. Correlation between organic carbon and colloidal clay content in soil, its pH and content of available magnesium and some microelements
"Mr. Jim Clark was my point of contact with Champion; he was courteous, professional and extremely helpful. It was a pleasure doing business with him. The members of all of the crews, water removal/drying, carpet layers and packers were courteous, professional, arrived on time, and completed work in a timely manner. In addition, they were friendly. We are very pleased with Champion's response and work and I will gladly recommend Champion to others. I will express my satisfaction with Champion to USAA." - Water Damage in Fayetteville, GA
"I have never been as impressed with a great group of young men. Very professional, efficient and knowledgeable of their line of work. Considering the age of my crew; they out-performed the middle and older aged men I have worked with in similar job requests. Thank you!!! Big kudos to Colby...loved this kid!!!" - Water Damage in Ellenwood, GA
"The crew was super courteous and professional. They also showed a level of compassion that was an unexpected surprise. They also took the extra step to explain every step." - Water Damage in Jonesboro, GA
"If I hadn't seen the damage beforehand, afterwards I wouldn't have know it had occurred. Great group of people both repairing and managing the crews." - Water Damage in Peachtree City, GA
“Champion has done a super job in getting the house squared away. All of their employees and subcontractors have been professional, courteous and helpful in answering our many questions and keeping us informed of schedules and other matters.” - Fire Damage in Peachtree City, GA
Damage caused by thunderstorms, wind, hail or tornado can range from minor repairs to a total loss. This damage is sometimes hidden from routine inspection. Regardless of the extent of damage, we are experts in providing emergency services and restoring your property with minimal disruption to your everyday life.
Successful restoration depends largely on a fast response to the loss. We offer the following storm-damage related services:
We are committed to communicating with you what is happening, at the time it happens. We work with insurance representatives, such as adjusters and agents, to ensure that repairs are completed correctly - the first time - and on schedule.
The single most reliable source for an estimated market value for your home is a REALTOR®. Contact me for a detailed evaluation of your property.
Lufthansa Technik also notes a solid correlation involving demand from customers and time of yr. LHT sees twice the volume of wheels from the workshop in the summertime than within the winter. The number of consumable pieces is very low for your wheels, but higher for brakes, Pilkuhn-Alizadeh adds.
Look at the brake hydraulic fluid amount and inspect the fluid lines and seals for leakage. Repair or replace leaking elements, then bleed and flush the brake method using fresh new brake fluid that meets the manufacturer's proposed specifications.
Look at the brake rotor for your presence of the ridge around the outer edge; if existing, clear away the ridge or change the brake rotor and brake pads. Check for particles in the brake lining content, clean and reinstall. Examine the brake linings for don and replace the brake linings if dress in is approaching the lining use Restrict.
Then the wheel is examined underneath an ultraviolet light. This method is used to detect cracks and impurities. Mag particle is used for inspecting the bolts for cracks, impurities or other flaws. It requires magnetizing the bolt whilst inspecting it underneath ultraviolet mild. The two the eddy present and mag particle processes include inducing A short lived magnetic subject while in the elements beneath check.
. These brake warranties never address any elements in addition to These itemized as Portion of the brake provider to the entrance of this invoice. These brake warranties will not utilize to any motor vehicles driven below unusually dangerous circumstances (e.
Following viewing item detail pages, glimpse in this article to discover a fairly easy technique to navigate back again to webpages you are interested in.
Legitimate in the slightest degree Brakes Plus areas. A little $two payment will be extra to all invoices for recycling and reclaiming squander. Shop materials further.
Do your brakes create a grinding sounds which you can sense in the pedal? In that case, halt driving immediately and have your vehicle towed to a brake repair store. Even further driving could injury the brake discs or drums.
Does your steering wheel shake when you brake? If it does and you have disc brakes, your front brake discs need to be professionally machined or replaced.
” And, whilst it’s nothing new for OEMs to try to recoup product improvement expenses within the aftermarket, the organization also sees an upside: “If a wheel and brake MRO is additionally an OEM in the products they company, then there are actually material cost savings.”
In business enterprise aviation twitter situations are less frequent simply because these aircraft will not be during the air a great deal of some time. That said, on the other hand, many company operators want their wheels overhauled every time the tires are transformed, he states. In any case, the CEO or some major enterprise officer is within the plane.
#2You’re in close proximity to or previous the amount of miles your car or truck’s producer suggests involving brake fluid exchanges
Assistance recommendations will probably be based on your car manufacturer’s tips as well as affliction from the brake components that impact procedure general performance.
Small PEDAL – Pedal approximately touches floorboard in advance of brakes perform. Could activate your brake warning mild. Dilemma may possibly demand a basic adjustment – or point out a thing a great deal more major.
Disposal prices that happen to be billed on certain expert services and items are certainly not included in the store rate calculation. These fees are particular to the right disposal of your harmful or controlled scrap or squander of the assistance or item.
Directions: Providence Road to Sardis Road, turn right and go to Carmel Road and turn left. Turn right on Sharon View Road and left on Granada Drive. Turn left on Town and Country Drive and 4439 will be on the right.
From I-485 take exit 64! Onto NC51N toward Matthews. After 2 miles, turn left on-to Carmel Road and in 4.2 miles, turn left onto Town and Country Drive.
For hundreds of years, many people have been taking advantages of the term “networking” to land a job. However, did you know that the power of networking may be increased by ten folds? People views on job hunts have been changed by social media sites. Lately, more folks have grown to be aware of the possibility of these sites to increase the odds of a job seeker to land a job. But as a modern individual, have you ever noticed the benefits of social media networking in your job search?
Because of the growth of the Internet, job hunting has been completely revolutionized. Actually, it’s rather unacceptable to ignore this emerging trend. As a job seeker, you need to be flexible and be creative almost as you are able to. In order to gain an advantage over the competitors of yours, you have to take advantages of social media sites before your competitors do. Nevertheless, what are actually social network websites and how do they work?
Social networking websites are sites which use social networking tools to entice online users. When you say social networking, it refers to the interaction or perhaps communication between individuals within specific groups like friends, family, classmates and workmates. Hence, in a social media site, information is shared by folks to each other either on a professional or personal level, or perhaps both. With this definition alone, Twitter itself isn’t proclaiming to be a social network website. However, the website is highly recommended for building up the network of yours. So, just how can you effectively benefit from these sites?
Honestly, these sites strengthen the personal brand of yours. You may know by now that personal branding is really important in a job hunt. Nevertheless, it’s not a brand new phenomenon. From the day you’re born, you’re already branding and marketing yourself. As a social being, it’s natural to live your life based on other people’s view of you. Even in case you don’t admit it, you’re living the life of yours to the expectation of others.
Profile Pitching – Technically speaking, the profile of yours on the social media accounts of yours is the elevator pitch of yours. It must be in a position to create a lasting impression of you in just 10 seconds. The opportunity of yours on social media lies in you. What you represent will determine what opportunity is going to open up for you.
• Update Your Profile Picture – As they say, photos speak a thousand words. You don’t want your prospective employer to see the weird side of yours. In order to capture people’s attention more, upload a photo with you smiling in it. Smile using the lips of yours and the eyes of yours. This’s considered a true smile. Also, ensure that the photo is actually up to date. As you might have noticed, your profiles in social media accounts act the same way as your CV.
• Build a Positive Image – In social media sites, you are able to easily slip and ruin the reputation of yours. The articles you submitted, the comments you posted and the photos you uploaded will define who you’re. They are going to influence the image you want to emit either in a positive or negative way. Hence, start the messages of yours with a statement which will help in defining who you’re. When you are able to, include your ambitions and passions in them.
Essentially, you are able to utilize social media sites such Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter as your online business cards. By doing this you are able to widen your online presence.
SOMETHING A LITTLE DIFFERENT THIS TIME AROUND: THE ENTIRE RUN OF KORG 70,000 BC (with the exception of issues #6 and #8, which i do not have interior scan of). KORG WAS A RARE LIVE ACTION TELEVISION SHOW BY HANNA BARBERA.I'VE ALSO INCLUDED ORIGINAL PAINTED ARTWORK FOR THE COVERS AND MANY ORIGINAL ART PAGES AS WELL. ** [if anyone has scans of issues 6 and 8 please contact me!]
It's a shame the series ended in the middle of an unfinished story. I really wanted to see Korg and Bok visit Atlantis!
THE PHANTOM #33, AUGUST 1969 One of the finest issues of the Phantom ever. The iconic cover by Aparo depicting a distraught native kneel...
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience (Cookies Policy).
If you see this page after uploading site content you probably have not replaced the index.html file.
A compilation of news articles about charter schools which have been charged with, or are highly suspected of, tampering with admissions, grades, attendance and testing; misuse of funds and embezzlement; engaging in nepotism and conflicts of interest; engaging in complicated and shady real estate deals; and/or have been engaging in other questionable, unethical, borderline-legal, or illegal activities. This is also a record of charter school instability and other unsavory tidbits.
It's been a turbulent period for charter schools in the United States, with financial analysts raising concerns about their stability and regulators in several states shutting down schools for poor performance.
Wealthy individuals from as far away as China, Nigeria, Russia and Australia are spending tens of millions of dollars to build classrooms, libraries, basketball courts and science labs for American charter schools...
And in Florida, state business development officials say foreign investment in charter schools is poised to triple next year, to $90 million.
The reason? Under a federal program known as EB-5, wealthy foreigners can in effect buy U.S. immigration visas for themselves and their families by investing at least $500,000 in certain development projects. In the past two decades, much of the investment has gone into commercial real-estate projects, like luxury hotels, ski resorts and even gas stations.
Lately, however, enterprising brokers have seen a golden opportunity to match cash-starved charter schools with cash-flush foreigners in investment deals that benefit both...
... Last month, Fitch Ratings warned it was likely to downgrade bonds backed by charter schools because the sector is volatile and the schools are highly leveraged. Such risks mean charter-school debt is typically considered speculative, rather than investment grade, said Eric Kim, a director at Fitch Ratings.
Meanwhile, the IRS has signaled it plans closer scrutiny of charter schools' tax-exempt status if they rely on for-profit management companies to provide their classroom space and run their academic programs, Hall said. He sent his clients a long memo this summer warning that the stepped-up IRS oversight could put some at "significant risk."
If that weren't enough to make investors wary, several well-known charter schools have run into significant legal and fiscal hurdles in recent months...
All told, about 15 percent of the 6,700 charter schools that have been launched in the United States in the past two decades have since closed, primarily because of financial troubles, according to the Center for Education Reform, which supports charter schools...
An investor forum in China last spring, for instance, touted U.S. charter schools as a nearly fool-proof investment because they can count on a steady stream of government funding to stay afloat, according to a transcript posted on a Chinese website...
Be sure to watch this feature-length documentary by Mark Hall about charter schools, corruption and the rise of the Gülen Movement in America.
1. WATCH KILLING ED, Mark Hall's feature-length documentary about charter schools, corruption and the rise of the Gulen Movement in America
4. WATCH the 60 Minutes segment "U.S. charter schools tied to powerful Turkish imam" broadcast. (5/13/2012)